I'm gonna kill you. I'm gonna kill you. Why are you back with that? I'm gonna kill you. I'm gonna kill you. I'm gonna kill you. I'm gonna kill you. Why is that on here? I'll put on the air. Because he's fat. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, my, oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. On the down and over here, rock. The side of who fades, I'm the beat of the clown. For how new you will make it. Who knows what is got in this mustache. Small pots and air cracks. He's got a few cans. And that you're ready to eat or prone to fritz. He made a sandwich. It's just a tan. Let's give a little light so he can see back. That is an American bomb. It's an American bomb. It's an American bomb. What's up with my son? I'm too weak. I'm for his mom. It's an American bomb. It's an American bomb. It's an American bomb. To keep him all in the war. Oh, my. Oh, my. We did it once before. We did it once before. But now you need some more. But these American bombs. It's an American bomb. It's an American bomb. It's an American bomb. It's an American bomb. It's an American bomb. What? We did it three, four. We had a great time around the building this morning for the first time that I in a long time. You know what? At a great time this morning. What? At a great time. Why is this morning any different from all the other morning? You'll hear it all the way. Have it a good time. Gildy and I were bonding. Zack and I. In fact, I actually go these. It's he's sandwich on a whole week bread. And if I wouldn't have eaten it, Zack would have eaten. That's why I kept him alive. It's actually good guy. But he's fat. And why is he on the air? That's our question today. Why is Zack on the sports sports sports? What does that mean? Yeah. Anybody who. And I can't believe that who you are. Fetching your Julio who's a great guy. And I like a lot. But can't believe he's offended because I called him fat. He's not just fat. He's like he prefers pleasantly plump is what he's like. Fat, fat, tub, will be a lose some more weight. He's doing atkins. Dr. Boba's on with Paul Osama's morning on CNN and he'd say that. No. He was on the regent. And fact, maybe that's why you and Dr. Boba got along so famously that time when we did that appearance. I didn't even talk to him. Well, you was me. We didn't talk to him. I was like the mumbles. I was like a little bit now. Didn't exchange a word because you're small potatoes. We always say, like, I don't know. I don't know. I had no brown. We had nothing to do with brown. I was just reporting what they. Why is that come here? Sports. Why are you on the ear? Can you explain that to me? He's good. He says. Thanks for the bacon by the way. And the cheese sandwich. That was great. Listen to me. Tomorrow when you get food. Of course tomorrow won't be a million around in the hallway. See, it's pleasant here when somebody's out sick. I don't want mention no names. But I call to her. But he knows we have like old times. Everybody had a good time this morning. Nobody's like walking on eggshells. Where to? Like watching her back. Watch your back, sack. That's what I'm hearing. I hope your mom's not listening. I want to get nervous. She's probably taking died. He's probably popping gavis gone like pence. But anyway. Huh? Why is he on the ear? He's a good guy. But he's terrible on the ear. He's like the board. He's like the big. He's another one. He's a good great guy. Sports. But is that it sports? He's like his capable and Troy Acmon is coming to the. I think if Dave wants that. Uh, made that call. I think you ought to be fired. If we can verify the day wants to call Troy the boy and invited him to come. First of all, what's Dave Feele got to think of? Oh, my god. Are good Jewish book from Dartmouth J. Feele with a big ears in the bad arm. What's he gonna think? He's gonna be pissed off and fired up. And you know, he peered well Dave wants that. It's a guy that got Ricky and he well. Great more power to him. But you know, one out of two is only 50% which ain't that good in football. You know, not too good. So if that's Troy your fire Dave, you're out. If you're tired if you're concerning with Troy the boy, because the last thing that we need the last thing and I say we that the dolphin fans want is a quarterback in order to say, now you could fill in a blanket like washed up. Old or whatever you like. I know what Carlos is in there thinking because he's he's. He's thinking gay. Yeah, that's what he's thinking. Here's a facts from Papua no part from our close personal friends Steve Wolf and Dick Findberg who just obsessed with this program. By the way, I lost money last night. Not a lot. Lost a few bucks. What? What are you looking at me like that for? See if I could have that 20 that I won off mad dog instead of giving it to Carl. If I would have known you're going to waste that money on buying faggotes out there, I would have kept it myself. How much is a cost for pack of cigarettes nowadays? I don't know. $2.75. Am I close? $3.3. $3.3. Three bucks for a pack of faggotes? A book. Stop and think about that. What? 20 in a pack? Yeah. That's more than a buck of peace. I mean, that's more than like 10 cents of peace. How much have come out to 10 bucks of peace? Seriously, that's ridiculous. If you took the three bucks for 20 faggotes and only got as a bunch of paper would bad chemicals in it by the way. Right. I think I don't think it's tobacco. I think it's the paper that it helps too. No, I'm Tonya. And the ammonia and the rat poop. If you get some good rappers and wrap your own like they do in Amsterdam, then you'd have like the higher quality more concentrated. It's probably more expensive. But here are finer cancer. A gigantic pristine tumor. Does that work all along for? It's not a tool. Remember in the movie the ace or the great Santine? Remember what his name was? Tu-tu-tu tumor? Number Ham? Yes. That was a good movie. I'm just, how come all such a good movie this morning? We don't want you to feel bad because I know you're listening. I hope that you're better at it. Which it'd be a bad help on anybody, although. But anyway, but we just had a good time. Like you said, we kind of old times like with the first team. Everybody friendly out there in the hallway. We have a nice little alcoe. You'll be soon to be handling it. Just fine in there and the show too. What the help of Zach and Robert, of course. Right. Of course with their fan ters to help in the course to help of how he's who I think brought all that good food in there. That's a good movie. I pretty sure was. That would be right. Whole wheat cheese sandwich. Very plain. Very all, I would honestly say all American. I would probably British. Yeah, but with lots of butter, which is why it was good. Why do you say lots of butter? Well, I tell you one thing. My brain's out right afterwards. It's the only way they make it. Just like at a fud rocker. Don't, if you got a sense of the stomach, don't need to fud rockers. I like their food a lot. But, yeah. They butter the bun. All the eaten Tom, don't butter the bun. Hold the butter. What fun is that? You ever come a hold the butter and they stand there holding it just like this? No. Anyway, here's this. In fact, see we could be having a great time in here every day on this radio station like the old times. But there's this, all right, you know, this is good that it happened. I hope he's feeling okay and he's back. Cause, you know, sometime in next month or two. But the fact of the matter is that there's like a dark cloud that hangs over this station. In these more hours. It's like, I guess it's not like this one. I'm out of town doing the show. What do you mean? But I mean here it's just now today was fantastic. Listen how much happy everybody is today. Everybody. Why don't you want to work in a workplace? It's a hostile environment where you come in everybody's peak in around a corner and are you going to have a close encounter with somebody who hates you like poison and you hate them and are you going to like say the wrong thing? You know, have to refer to all those, you know, what you're walking on the hallway. You have to like do the green apple quits that toward all the daggers that are going up and down the hall. Kills so people. Yeah, not to mention the water now. She's got her ear to the wall monitoring. Oh, this is such a pleasant day today. Little do we expect it. Anyway, the effect says, Dick wanted me to fancy is kind of playing a special match race in Pomp and O Park between. See more butts and Fox Valley Tushy. Those are two of the horses who are racing right now to track. See more butts. See more butts by the way. One of the great. I want to kind of say great, but one of the most prolific pornographers in history of the business. What do you think they got about 75,000 different titles out sea more butts? At least I can. And in back though, what do you mean you guess? It said that's almost as bad as the racian answer. Liberty well parked Joe Icor and calling back in the early 1980s. And Robert Silda Campbell has pulled out his little pickle in the center of the track and is out driving at home. Little pickles than any of the horse. Now can you imagine how much spare time somebody's got on her hands to be faxing with this kind of dribble? At least he didn't mention David Ingram today and quite practically I can see why. Don't take it personal, David. You're okay, but you're not getting our money. Anyway, big event tomorrow for George. Where are we probably missing? They hit a time. Oh, what a cold time. Join George tomorrow for happy hour at five to seven at treasure. I'm located off the pulmetro just north of the 122nd street exit. Stop by for prizes and drink specials tomorrow afternoon. And they'll probably see more butts will be there hanging it out. You'll see more butts if you go there. Probably. Then you do sit in a moment alone at home unless you got a mirror. So when we are faxed yesterday, I'm our pool. Whatever it is, we got a tremendous response about George unbelievable. See, I'm surprised about this because for somebody that's his vanilla and boring. And as George, you wouldn't think that we'd get that hostile. I mean, just in general, that emotional response, but you do generate a tremendous emotional response. Not necessarily a good one. But you can't have everything. Where would you put it? So we get to the results of that pool in a moment. Right, though. And then we got today's pool, which will be building because obviously. And we want to really thank Howard Cohen, the Miami Herald, for at least don't go out and buying a radio. The story was a piece of crap about all women all the time. South Florida's newer light FM breaks ground all female DJs. Does anybody we'd care about the DJs? I'd like to describe a nation to be light FM. And then is the one who wants to see who one of them is? No. Well, let me just say that she's a female DJ who used to be on Zeta. Come on, you must know who it is. By the way, we had a good time here this morning, stuff at her name is. Come on, you know who that is? The El Zeta. We used to be on Zeta. Well, I was there. She was on at night. Come on. Oh, I caught him, but. Kimba. Kimba. Oh, he Kimba. Kimba. Kinnasmas Macho, George, or Kimba. So she's on her own light FM. Oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. Hey, muff, by the way. You got a whole big story on light FM here in the Herald. Nothing about us. Nothing about the midday rating for being a raw female DJs. What's going to happen with Greg B. Tell. She don't count. Are you going to start picking on Greg? Why would I pick on Greg? Are good friend. I'll tell you why because I know that Greg hates you. 11 after nine at five, 60 WQL. All you guys out there with a new year in full swing right now. Now is the time to act on a new high paying career. How do we have a good time here today? Stay home, Mo. In fact, I don't know. Great idea. Why does these days do the show from home? The home of the studio in his house, just like they did for me in Toronto. They can build a student. But he's got all that. All that distance is shut down here from Boca. Build a nice little studio in his home. Fast rain is holding a free seminar this evening in its candle Miami for Lauderdale and Pembro Pines locations. This is a free seminar called 1-866 Fast Rainer Resurure Seat. That's 866 Fast Train. Make 2003 the year that you're in a high paying computer job. If you're overworked, underpaid in a real suck-ass job going no place. This could be the most important 50 minutes of your life. Fast rain can have you certified ready for a dream job in just four short months. So column 12 free at 1-866 Fast Train. Fast rain has convenient day evening weekend classes. column 12 free to reserve your seat for tonight's seminars. Free let me say it again. Call 1-866 Fast Train. For directions to the fast rain years by you call fat go to fastrain.com on the net and you can be on your way to a new high paying computer career. Fast rain software is leader in computer terrain. Don't forget those seminars all around town. 2-9. 3-2. Everyone knows what would happen to a man. Unlock enough to survive an attack by a wear wolf. But what would happen if a wear wolf attacked something else? Come on, busy game to barn. Spicy whistling. Yes, you your rei your funnyTomie. A poor fire launcher. Red Hot Ducca Reckerangan Ot Yeah I agree. I agree. I agree. I agree. I agree. I agree. I agree. I agree. I agree. I agree. I agree. I agree. I agree. I agree. I agree. I agree. I agree. I agree. I agree. I agree. All women, all the time, sufferers, light, fambrakes, new ground with the female DJ lineup. I mean, the idea that a bunch of right-wing assholes sitting up in New York or whatever to hell are broadcasting from that they're going to like manipulate us or have anything to do with this program in Miami? It's ludicrous on the face of it, on the face of it, so butt out. Find some real stuff to talk about. Yeah, like there's a few Pami Pinkos run on loose besides us. And here's a picture of the entire state of it. Here's Gokimba. Oh, and again, a great view now. Look at Grand Beauty. He don't look a day over 80 boy. Look at that. You mentioned his name and there's the picture. Now how does he fit into that? He wears a skirt to work. I guess. Does he really? I don't know. Maybe he's the PD. No, he's not the PD. The PD is some guy. Kevin Carter. Oh, no, he's from Idaho, the PD is. Rock, Jack. Kimba, I didn't read the whole thing because quite frankly it's boring itself. And they play slush music. Why would a station that plays slush music? Why would that be a big thing? That a station that plays the carpenters all day long or whatever it hell they play is got all female DJs. Nobody listens to the DJs on that station. Other than Kimba with her very heart and there's a picture of Kimba looking at where she puts that Julio to shame. What's he going about for 25 these days? She's a hooking woman. Kimba, make Kimba. You, Shwak. That's her whole stick. I'm looking for the name of the PD or how it is the Greg Butal fits in at light FM. Let's see the program director there. His name is something Sydney. Miss Sydney is a Sylvia Sydney. I don't know who it is. I don't have time to screw out of this. But on a picture there he is. There is Ellen Jaffy. Isn't she a magic reject Ellen Jaffy or was she on? Was she on? So though. Big, the day before was she on big. She was on the issue on something. Ron Phillips, I think he's the PD. And Buh, Gilgarten, Susan Wise, Ellen Jaffy and Greg Butal. How does she fit into it? I think that's an excellent question. Maybe somebody has the answer for us. How Greg Butal fits in on all female line up on light FM. Why would anybody write an article about that? And then not to be outdone. New times has got a big piece this week. Culture. That's KULCHUR. That's to be real. Oh, artsy, artsy. Uh, hip hop till you drop yet another self-loader radio station enters the fray this time on autopilot. And it's all about the MIB men in black used to be um, she was upon a time when it was a great station and then they bought the station and destroyed it. First packs and now cheap channel who destroy everything they touch. At least that's what KULCHURi says. KULCHURi is widely quoted in here. He says for Christ's sake everybody plays hip hop. Scoffs KULCHURi program director power 96.5. The chief army competition for WMI be along with the similarly hip hop R&B format. WEDR rank number one and two respectively audio audio. Noting the private functions is on air DJ's work curry continues. We have mixers who play at parties for major corporations here. The executive sitting there all over 30 and they're all adding play hip hop. Don't forget those 30 year olds have grown up with hip hop. It's nothing new to them anymore. Say homogenized worlders that a homogenized world. And that goes down about David Ross says this and David Ross said, that's that. It's sediment so on. We don't really care about that because we don't listen to hip hop. You listen hip hop. I'm trying to think about it if I do not. Isn't it tough question? Don't I? I wouldn't know. We got that kind of response. I would like to say the memo and writing about it. And we didn't remember the back. You could have emailed me. I don't make it a point to sometimes it's not. You listen to hip hop. Yeah, you know listen to hip hop. Don't give me that. Missy Elliott. That's okay. If when she comes on on TV. Do you really? It's got the bees and kind of a weird video. So anyway, I has nothing to do with us because I don't think anybody here really listens to you. Listen to WMI being now. We don't listen to men and black. Everybody vehemently shaking their head. Perfect Carlisves captures spun around like Linda Blair's head. And we don't listen to a light FM. No. In fact, even I'm far too much who would have ever to be listening to light FM, which I never. I wouldn't have to find it on the dial. 101.5. I have no idea. Well, no, it said that in the article. I don't listen to it. Well, I don't listen to it. Well, I don't listen to it. I don't listen to it. I don't listen to it. Well, I don't listen to it. Well, I don't listen to it. But pull. The pull about you. Why do you hate George so much? He's boring as Schmidt 45. 31.3%. Which yeah, I mean, that's something you can't help you. Just boring. That's just you. They're not holding it against you necessarily. They might. I don't hate him. He's okay. 364. And I don't hate him. I love George. 267. You put those two together. I got 48.7%. Nearly half. And what are you smoking about? Nearly half. Either, love George or say, he's okay. Now that means that a little bit more than half say something in the territory. As in he's boring as Schmidt 45.31%. He's an nasty little spick 100 and some people said that. Too much eating ass talk 51 people. He's an anti-Semite 41. Too much religion talk 31. And too much mumbling. The moon would like 25. Is what they be saying. So I think what they're trying to say is that George loses about 50% of the audience when he's on. We used to think it was a little less than that, but I think now that the real numbers are coming out. Slaying said to be soprano's imitation. Another show that I don't watch. Too young. This is set out of an aquelophonia. Too young men killed their mother and tried to cover their tracks by chopping off her head and hands. The way they saw it done on these sopranos authority city yesterday. Jason bought teased at 20 in this 15 year old half brother who was not identified because of his age and which half. We're arrested over the weekend for investigation of the murder's share of Michael Karona said. Karona refused to say where Jane and boutiste 41 was killed, but set up preliminary autopsy showed she was strangled. Her head and hands were found in the apartment she shared with her sons and Riverside East of LA. I don't know what motive you could possibly give for killing your mother Karona said. The family originally from Illinois moved to California six years ago and moved to the Riverside Department of About Six Months. A court of the share of boutiste was killed in this member Janey before a team. The sons allegedly tried to dump her body in ocean side. The next day were spotted by a security guard and ended up throwing the body in Norn's County, Reveen. The guard gave police the license number of Jason boutiste's car. Obviously a rocket scientist. Jason boutiste at this clerk at the holiday in the nontari was arrested at California State University in San Bernardino, January 24. Allegedly told investigators he and his brother lived with her mom but they hadn't seen her for weeks but soon confessed. But he's to also told investigators he'd seen an episode of his sopranos where he saw the same time of this member meant that it had been done before dumping a body. The brothers did this he said because they believe it would take away any identifying information that law enforcement could use. The Raman's scheduled for today. I'd like that real rocket scientist killed off mom. I mean I think a lot of us if we ever decided that the killer of mom would be a lot more clever than that, George. Yeah you cut the feet off too. Let's see Kimba is the resident and that's terrible. Call him Kimba like a bold something like a bull on the Chinese shop. That's what it said. When you people stopped picking on poor just because she has a deep voice and she looks you know like was that a bull it's in? That was a bull it's in. 5 6 7 0 5 6 you haven't given the police yet they're not going to call. They want to call about that we're not going to discuss that stupid thing. I mean we could but I wouldn't waste my time we don't recognize Fox news or hither. Or anybody that facts is about that. If you could see the ass sucking facts that's in there from the unmentsible one you know h h from wherever he's from this week. It's just amazing to me the mental illness that permeates this community. And it's scary. One day the fact just yesterday, facts is that was I don't read more than like two or three words seeing the lashing out about you mostly about little spick a jubba and all the other crap. And then today like well this morning I saw him fox we don't care okay don't understand we don't care we don't like you. We don't want to hear from you we can't stand you we find you anxious we wish that the air you breathe will be putrified by bull experiment. Okay, we just can't stand anything about you h or whatever you call yourself this week chronic facts and idiot you. Here's our facts today. I mean our pool why do I keep saying that I don't try to get my facts drape. Who is that we've done this before but it's fun we like doing this. And the audience likes doing it because they don't have to think too hard. Who is the hottest person that is public figure the reason I put public figure winner is because we don't want to say oh my very shorts down the road with an old from very shorts okay. Plus Mary is a game for goyum anyway doing Jews name Mary we said that one in the Bible. No now frankly it's for goyum who is the hottest person in the world public figure here's the list we could I compile so far so far. Obviously many more to come Brittany Spears. Hallie Berry. She not looking at good these days. Hallie. She's not. Brad Pitt my put I put guys on here because there obviously some women and some others like me who may be a little on bright wonderful for guys jailo. Bracom Tom welling Tom Brady and a corner cova common elector Elizabeth Hurley. What cover to lecture. You don't think she's going to get votes common elector. Yeah couple. Elizabeth Hurley Sharon Stone who's old but nevertheless he'll get some votes Cameron D. Asmpenel big crews that's my short list with the audience having the opportunity to add many many more. But it'll be crews that big. Cricket. I have a beautiful picture penalty being crews in one of the tabloids right here. She doesn't have a big crew. You only wish you had a big crook and one like that. And quite frankly so to a lot of us. But nevertheless. So there's the list we got so far we'll see the tremendous look at the outpouring and the response we're getting so far already. To add to our list as a none. 560 5060 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. 926 and 560 QM out 10 is a beast is about the only one of the fatty's right here all of Julio and sister's lost a couple ounces. If you want to lose the weight here's the way to do it. It's delicious. That's easy. You don't have to you're kind of like dumb like a lot of us. You don't have to count calories or carbs or figure anything out because they do all the work for you. At balance for life. No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning the worries. Every day balance for life delivers right here to your little black sack. And then black sack is all the food you need for the entire day. Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks and it's all in there. The only choice you have to make is on the little venue that they give you the beginning of each week. You pick from two choices for each delicious meal. That's all you have to do. And like I said every day there's all the food. It's all balanced up for a corner of the principles of the zone diet and deliciously watch the weight pour off your body. So instead of starving it that they're having to count calories or carbs or anything else. You just sit back and let them do all the figuring for you. Balance for life. The easy way to lose those pounds of get back into good health. Call them right now at 9.5.4. 5.6.8.32.29. The beast is lost as Indian pounds actually who would have lost more but he went off the wagon. 9.5.4. 5.6.8.32.29. Let balance for life help you do it. Or you can check them out on the web if you like it. Balance for life.com. Why? Why? And local. We're sports video 5.6.E2A. You A.M. Fudge Packin? It's name is Joe. He's got a show on Fox pretending he's rich but I grew up with Joe and so I should know. I caught him sometime he pitched. It's okay I guess. Because I wore a dress with my thumb he was mine. All that candle light in wine. He's a handsome guy. And that's no lie but his looks truth I swear it. I walked in on him and swung out in Jim with a pill jacket and a carrot. He's got smelly features. And his hair's full of grease. He has another treat. He's got a fetish for guisey man love to duck eeeey. Why? Why? And he never did care. He wears misses that man of the way. I'm thinking about it. Okay 9.31.5.60W. You can't remember all thinking about it. I'm thinking about it. Is that fun? Seriously. Is this on here? This is going to be an April Fool's joke. Okay. See one of the good things about an puppy in here. Is that I can run back in the other room and go back to bed if I'm into my door and see something like this. There's not a call on the board. I'm putting a pull together. Yeah. They just want to shout out. We're not doing a shout out. That's on the overnight show. I guess. Were they left there a little list of giving a shout out from this one of that one? I think what they really want is to hear us talk about how Dave wants to. I'd be fired. Didn't I already say that? If he really is trying to bring in Troy, I think men here. Old hack. Quarterback. Waiting to get sack. Got a problem with his crack. But anyway. I can't. I don't think this phone is working. Okay. And you know what? I'm right. That this phone is not working. You know, this is like dizzy wall over again. You know, I got to tell you something. This place is a technical disaster. I'm not to see. I could have gone through another hour like that. Like I did downstairs four years ago. Screaming and yelling. I wonder where I went. Nobody was calling. The reason nobody's calling is the first of all. Is your phone ringing in there? Yeah. Talk to people. It's not working. This is not connected. Oh, you're. We're not hooked on lost it. We lost it. We lost that love and feeling on the phone. You'll have to. How do you like that? We set your computer that computer. With what? Wait a minute. What? What? What? How about with the mallet that's up there? How about a sledgehammer sounds good? Now see this is what goes on overnight in this place. Night after night after night. Your good close personal friends, Joe and Mark and Anthony and Vlad and this one and that one and every other one. They're in here. Dick it around. We got locks on the doors in here, but you might as well. You might as well have like a spaghetti, a noodle for a lock. A lymph noodle for a lock. Because that's everybody's got keys. Everybody's in here farting around. You're all your stuff and there was Dick around this morning. And in weird ways that I can't even get in. In weird ways. How do you like that? They're dick and around and weird ways. That's going to be our poll tomorrow. Anybody out there enjoy dick and around and weird ways. How about in conventional ways? Carlos is uh, young. What? Nothing's happening on there. Oh, there you go. Finally. Just hit it with a sledgehammer. I'm telling you. Can't hurt. It'll make me feel a lot better. Just watching that thing blow up. I mean, I just knew that something had to be going on. What? Who's that? Who's that screaming on the phone to you? Because I can't hear them. Who is that? It's Joe. Joe, who? I can't put you on the line. Joe, my line called the hotline. We can't put you on on the hotline either because he can't. He can't put us in work. He can't put you up. What does he want? To say that it wasn't him. It wasn't any of his people. Bull crap. He would open the door last night. He would open the door last night. It wasn't him. Who else is in here overnight? Who else is in here overnight? Who else is in here overnight? I can't hear him. Yeah. Yeah. Don't say that for a dearer. We don't believe him. We don't believe you, Joe. Go back to bed. Look at lost. He used to be a good guy before he got married. Before I got the overnight show in any got married, and you put those two together and fight frankly. We don't want to see him any more either. So we had, first of all, doesn't really make a difference. The fact that a matter is that everybody in this building comes in here and dicks around. He's got it. It says in care about this. The audience is waiting here a radio show. And how long is this project that you're working on? How long is this going to take Carlos? Till about, but 1245? 1250, he said. 1253-40. Just until we go into the last break he said. Five minutes? It's going to take you five minutes to reboot the goddamn computer? Oh my god. Play some non-reco-comousal music and we go fair me. This is a jule music. Here's an interesting fact. It says from a listener in West Palm Beach. And this might be a good pull. Maybe we'll do it today instead of this one. Although we got Elizabeth Hurley, there are votes coming in on it. We'd add some other names what we can't talk to you. The hottest person in the world. Elizabeth Hurley, four Britney Spears, three Halle Berry, two Brad Pitt's got a pair. And a cornacolia's got a pair, which figures Carmen Lector and Penalty Cruze each have a pair. So you didn't like Penalty Cruze, I told you. She's got a pair. Okay, how about? Jale's got one. Just one big one. Kind of like a Mariah Carey in the middle of her chest. And Tom Brady's got one. I'd like to see it. Tom, while I'm sure it's the one, Cameron D. He doesn't have any. So that's only 19 votes on there because we're still little around with this. Because Carlos is still on the floor over here. Did it with our computer. Trying to get our phone to work? I just knew that on the worst possible day, it just couldn't be that bad. Because you were telling me that you were getting people off the air shouting names or whatever. I didn't see those lights light enough either. Nothing was happening. Oh, nothing. Nothing. No, let me say it again. Nothing. Which word did you understand? Zippity-Duda. Nothing. Not a call, not a blip, not a mark, not a check mark, not a squiggle, not a fart. Nothing. Nothing? Dead. The EDD. Dead. Like this taste is going to be pretty soon if we keep going up the way we are right now. Man. You know those people have said the jig is up or whatever they said a cue way on the other hand. That's cool. I think they may have had a point. Okay, here we go. We got a nice green screen on there. Here comes. It's re-looking, it's searching, it's sticking. It's farting around. There goes the little cursor, which I'm going to start out with a little cursor by the moment. Okay, here we go. Put in the password on there and get this goddamn thing going. Okay, let's get the rock and roll it. Just escape the right around it. Oh my god. This is the longest process I've ever seen in my life. I'll slow what age. Don't forget, join George tomorrow, Treasure Island. Happy our 5th of 7 am to noon right off the pulmetto. Just know the 22nd Street exit. Stop by for prizes and drink special. I treasure Island. Okay. When he said five minutes, I think he was underestimating. Anyway, this pool, please give me your vote on this pool. It says Neil. And what age should people stop wearing sport team jerseys? This is a pool you'd like a lot. He says I'm curious to hear your thoughts. These people drive me crazy at the bank in the store and at the workplace. And I'm just a few. When men in their 30s and 40s are wearing dolphins gear, it's ridiculous to see grown men with a kind dorsely shirt and canes hat on. My vote is for 14 year olds. Thank you very much for back to back Super Bowl. Picks you the best. Yes, I am giving the Patriots 2 years ago and gave you 10th of a big this year. But what tell the line? Oh, there's a phone is back. I swear, they're Carlos. If you can get it. So what? Yes,and he says it has 412,418,418. 178 we went right away from 18 progression. 178. Maybe that helps them get late. I got my girls outed. I die down. I got a girl. actually I'm calling about your polar yeah you can't leave out just a consistent just a good sense in yeah okay please and and if it's nobody's calling I'll put in a second one there for Katherine but the judge Catherine Z. De Jones yeah okay why does he say why does she say Z. By the way I have no idea I used to work on Z. but okay thanks a lot get on here Catherine Z. Jones the who she married to so I don't know Douglas Michael Douglas two kids no yeah told old-tainted sloppy worn out Lucy goosey Katherine Z. De Jones you'll get some votes on air she's a hot property now you know everybody talks about Katherine Z. De Jones you don't look that good and quite frankly never did to be on some of the people in the list already such as don't say Carmen Lector I'll put panel the Anderson on if you don't watch it you know she won't be out fine I'll have there you go what's I can do that'll teach you a lesson or two I don't care oh you sure five six seven oh five sixty what a what a and you wanted to why it's the in any angle again you see come in this morning what was out sickness morning which we don't want to you know to get to sickness is certainly but uh... and so we're having a good time everybody was friendly in a hall bonding eating about four or five breakfast is in there because you get that they come on here in a really good mood and then all the sunday and the bonus and work in judges equipment there's all screwed up jocostellos call on a fat line bitching him out I didn't go to wasn't us all defensive and just like a wasn't in the voted six hundred times for their show on at polio tonight like he's kidding somebody right you're not full as you have to be defensive we understand that since you became a star overnight uh... star in the dark that you're like no longer the jodd that we used to know and love by the way happy birthday Thursday because we'll probably forget by that twenty before but it's all ten at five sixty w q a m i can't wait to see that racist pop at a park you know i wonder which one of those horses diving rams gonna drive hey guys if you spent all year long last year avoiding mirrors maybe in this new year of two thousand three you can actually stop doing that stuff to like that double the go see thing how to get me time to make a pops up because you can get rid of that big of a ball spot you know to where one of those speaking of uniforms on those silly baseball catch the cover up your head Carlos have you noticed he was that every day that's smelling nasty semi-wes open golf cast of the sort that actually oh dear really how about caps anyway if you want to get your hair back Charles Alfier is the arctic help you do it i've been talking about Charlie for what about sixty seventy years now and because nobody else has come along with anything better it's the natural hairline system delays technology in the business that looks like the real thing like hair grown out of your head that's the difference each and every other one of those so-called pieces looks like straw looks like ragweed looks like a dead muskrat it looks like crap to make a long-starrish shirt so the choices yours if you want to look younger and better again than you ever thought you could call Chuck Alfiery if you want to look like a silly clown go to the other guys and you got a 30 day guarantee have nothing lose but the ball spot because if in 30 days you know look and feel and smell better than he ever did before if you not can lay at least 20 30 40 times a week then take it back for full refund call today and mention the arages to get that 200 hour extra discount at the Charles Alfiery studios here's the number to call 1 800 321 2413 1 800 321 2413 Thank you madam But I grew up with your own, so I should know I caught in sometimes deep pitch It's okay, I guess Good, my war at dreams He's the only one he was in my life All that candle lighting wine He's a handsome guy, and that's no lie But here's the truth I swear it I won't get on him and something got named Jim With a field jagged in a carrot And he's got smelly feet And his hands for a briefs His an oven tree He's got a fetish ball, he's he made lunch and a ki We're expecting And he never did care Then he was Mrs. Patman on the way He's the only dresses of like share 1045 at 560 I love those quickenies But that one at least has got that reverbentant Keep you on your toes Anyway, we got a faction I had trained We got the bigs and I had to train poster on the wall There's we put an eye on there Of course, since we just saw it in a stupid bull on Sunday I want to hold on, we like her a lot all the way See, keep it in mind, that's the problem Every time we take a pool Like that thing that went on for about 75 weeks About the businesses that went on You know, what was your favorite Well, here's the list of 75 How can 75 be your favorite? Don't you understand what you get it? No, they don't get it They never get it They just want to shout out a bunch of names And maybe they'll be one I like No Who is that? Who is the hottest person in the world? The one person that we need cranksier chain More than anybody public figure like Mail, female, uh, indeterminate, whatever Now here's the list again, see a bunch A bunch, all those summons do belong Are you recaking, Laci? Is this up at a rakey on there? Since he's a close personal friend? Huh? Right? And rakey the greasiest Just one moment please, I'm making a list here Cause there are errors, definitely not going to keep up, is he? Are you keep up? Are you keeping up? Good, keep up Luis Miguel, Luis Miguel has got a fat ass now He used to look really good with us What? He's got a beard gut and a fat ass He's got a great voice, he's got the best voice in the world for my money But he's not, I mean, it's just silly to put that on there You know, it's just gratuitous Anto Antonio Sabato Jr Is that the one with the lazy eye? Cause I get him confused What? What do you look at me like that for? I don't know, it's spikney positions like you do He's not a me Antonio Sabato Jr's an actor He's not a musician? Oh, that guy Have no idea about his lazy eye He's got one like lazy eye or like it's cock eye or something like that Like Diane Magnum If you're in no she's cock eye Who the other one, Karen black the actress that's cock eye She insists she is it, but who Karen black yeah She insists she's that's like holy one, so he's not fat People say I have crossed eyes because I have cat eyes They look crossed but they're not They're crossed honey They're crossed, Karen We don't want you to feel crossed about it, but you rise across But anyway Antonio Sabato Jr He's good looking kid guy, whatever he is I'll put him on there just for the hell of it It's getting too many guys on here that we got an all male audience out there They're very very nervous about their manhood Oh, am I spawning this right? SAVATO Sabato Yeah, that's correct Okay, that's a Nick Lashay I don't know, I mean I not like Nick a lot but now that he married that bitch I mean Jessica Simpson Should we put him on there? It's up to you, got that big nasty nose I mean he does it for me, but that's beside the point Well then put him on there Nick, I don't know how your spell is last name We'll figure it out L, we'll spell it wrong and nobody will care Yeah, I don't know how you say I think it's L a L a L a c h e Yeah L a c I know it's not how you spell it for crying out loud Okay, is he gonna bit? L a l a t e in Nick I don't know Somebody will lower five seven Five six seven oh five sixty this is really getting pond risk because the phone was all screwed up and I feel like we lost all our mo Mentum today, don't you don't you feel like we lost our mo Joe What are you getting all sweating? Oh, not not why? That's me, yes you are No, no, these are people just like the pull we get Don't get it, they'll never get it Then just don't worry about it If they want to do that and they don't want to talk to me Make him hear that dial tone so fast That's a wish they were never born They'll want to take that receiver and stick it with the one Don't you think it's phone when you say It's consp 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line George is really and he's got his things that are wringer today And that's because you didn't like the outcome of that pull yesterday He'll never let on about that because he's very sensitive But he's very hostile to it all those people I mean 1300 people nearly took the time to vote on there, which shows that he engenders any enormous amount of emotion out there Uh, most of it kind of negative W to Q a m hello Oh, no, yes sir I have you went right here Okay, I mean it's kind of all in talking of the increasing cuts I mean that girl is like completely the auditing on TV Lanna Yeah, I'm Lanna okay I mean, I know if you were not on one No, one one I just got we just went through that thing There can't be more than one Okay, what are you getting so upset about? Who me? Now what's her name again? Christy, uh, Krick Krick, Krick, Krick Krick, Krick It's either EU or UK Krick, Krick Krick, Krick, Krick I mean either EU or EU, Krick, Krick A big of a pardon Are you calling me names again? I'm not a Krick K R, CR, EU or Krick Krick, Krick, Krick With a one ball K R, EU J, Q, C, K Hello, Meno, P Okay, Krick, Krick, I know we'll get the spellings on you I'm sure the Eric knows how to spell it He hasn't got a clue, his spelling is so bad Eric, we don't want to get you started again But man, I've seen where you spell it today And it's just, uh, like, hello and goodbye Forget about it Look, don't they have that spellcheck thing there on the internet They got that, don't they? They must have some of her names What do you mean? Who knows how to spell it? What? But if you put in like a search into a search for the elk They'll say that, are you reading the person So you're illiterate, because this is how you really spell it Right, so do a search We're searching for it I'm sure a lot of people have their search And for these people Nicholas Shea, I think it's LASHAY That's as close as I know from now Just to put a face to it and nose to it A penis to it Nicholas Shea, LASHAY I don't know how you spell it I could look on the CDs that we got around Some are probably in my home, but forget about it Nobody really cares about him, he's small potatoes Now 98 degrees vanished WQAM Hello See, I would say where this is from, but it doesn't say on my screen Cause the phone screwed up And I'll think, yes sir Hi there, I'm going to give you my 17 favorite No, I'm on 150, that'll take us about 12-30 I had to read, but I guess I've to limit it to one I'm going to say, Heather Lockleer Excellent I'll sneak and call her a rock, so I can hear Okay, thanks See, he wants a three way He's not going to be satisfied with Heather Lockleer I think most guys might be satisfied with Heather Lockleer Huh? Some of them Kind of old by now, she's old and old Yeah, a little worn around the edges She'll do it, like Sharon Stone I apologize for putting Sharon Stone Sharon Stone didn't get any votes, she's got seven votes, I told ya They'd still do her, they'd still do boderic Sure, she's like 50 something Yeah, she looks a lot better in some people we've seen recently Yeah Around here Sure, we put boderic on everything just for hoots No What do you know about boderic? You're like six years old, you and I'll boderic if she sat on your face right now, okay? He's such a nasty Now, how do you know that? Have you seen her up close and personal? Have you seen her naked? I think everybody has I'll tell you what I thought was attractive Was Apologna, I don't know what the actress's name And Godfather 2 Oh, I will never know What's your name? Godfather 1, I'm sorry I think she was a real, yeah, olive oil really Village girl is like, I don't know As opposed to Italianish, she was like the real thing I see Plucked from the Galalonia Well, you won't see her no more, I don't think Too many driving lessons sweetheart Monday, Tuesday Five, six, seven, oh five, 60 Palm, five, 60 We're doing who is the hottest person in the world Not who are the hottest 50 people Not who do you like the end of the middle of a hot tub with Which 40 people, okay? Which one? Which one of these? Brittany Spears 23, that's no surprise, Howly, very 20, I'm telling you, howly don't look as good Lately, she ordinarily did And we're pretty upset about that, at least I am Where's the tabloid that's got her? Oh, look, look, look, there's the picture Under front of the star You find that to, oh, I mean anybody can take a bad picture She's looking like I said, worn around the edges Frayed as Frayed of what's coming next Victoria Principal beaten by a hubby Mary Tyler Moore, new amputation nightmare She's got diabetes, you know Very Tyler Moore, so next time you see me in food like she's sandwiched Say, oh Mary Tyler Moore's got diabetes And she's gonna get something chopped off Just mention that Here's Halle Berry's bad suicide See, right there, she looks like a guy Right there, yeah, doesn't she? She doesn't look good in that picture Very sour and dead See, there, look at the look on Carlos's post, man Woo! Well, no, we know how good she can look Like, with a lot of makeup, it would like a better do She's got a very manly haircut there, huh? And a smile on her post, and maybe a little bit of lipstick But boy, this is by the way in the star February 4th star on page, something or other Why don't these damn things? Why don't they number all the pages? Is that father anybody else's mugging? Yes, it bothers me, everybody else Give me the numbers of the pages, because the page 30 30 and 31, Halle Berry's sad suicide But why she swallowed pills and booze While filming Bonflick, her stymie visits with Warren Bady and his big smile No, it wasn't Bady, I don't get it I don't get it, I get a lot of these p-dust He gets, I never found him to be interesting looking For like five seconds, that'll care if he's got a penis The size of her mind, makes no difference Not to you, to them, to whom? Those women, I see We're those also the same women that were excited about Jon Holmes I don't think so How about Charlie Cormn? He had something Britney Spears 24, Halle Berry 18 And a corner hole has got a team penalty Cruz 18 Heather Cruz, I mean, Elizabeth How about Tom Cruz? Elizabeth early 14, some people probably want Tom Cruz on her And answer is no, today we put Troy Eggman We'll be the day we put Tom Cruz on her And let me say again, if they want, that's really she can out Troy Eggman, I wonder what they're looking for Carmen Lector 10 Brad Pitt 7 Brad Pitt is leading the guys with seven votes Why are you like giving me the enthusiastic nod? Carlos Carlos Carlos Carlos He voted for him Sharon Stone 7, Catherine Zita Jones 5, Tom Brady 3, got my vote Tom Walling 2, J. L. O. Two, Cameron D. S. One And R. K. Glacys has got the big cause that ain't our crowdsay We don't have those young females, we do have the young Julio Not a conny spot We've got a lot of them, but they're like afraid something might be chicken 9.56 Edward Q. What do we got today? We got the full agenda? We got the clean slate mad dog at one, twenty dollars poor Then he was and don't be belly I can about to twenty bucks Okay, I want it fair and square He came in here and looked like his dog just cracked all over his shoe Did you see that look on his face? Called you all called me all kinds of name called me Fuck sucker and things like that Nevertheless, you'll be on the air when we watch your mad dog Don't start pushing people around. He'll be on one to three Today Hank is doing a show from the heat today Or I'm on a wrong day I'm trying to push this ahead, isn't this Wednesday? I thought it was Friday Oh Hank is near to the anyway, he's on a way back from Vegas We got at three so our good mood really comes to a halt abruptly Chicko pants in pre-me with 7, 7, 3 to the pants at the Montreal Canadian is to take on the frogs Any can after the hockey game in Jua Markov and I who used to be really really good guys To let start screwing up our studios 9.56 and 5.60 WQM If you watch your carpets look in just like brand new please don't do that stupid thing Of opening up the yellow pages and just taking pot luck with your expensive carpets or Area rugs or whatever you got your oriental rugs Call the people will make a look just like brand new and take great care of like they've been doing for me in my house for over 20 years Drive concepts to make a long story short. It's a no-grainer. It's just as simple as it gets Just one easy call to drive concepts make an appointment They'll be there exactly when they say maybe a little bit ahead of time And they give you a written guaranteed price before they start doing work They dry clean your carpeting and your furniture and your drape or whatever you have in clean your expensive area Rugs and nobody in the world is a job like they do because it's exclusive panted method And when they get done your carpets look just like brand new they smell a lot of fresh They're dry just a couple of hours and you'll have the most amazing look on your face Especially if you never use them before even if you do use them a lot like I do it's so always amazing How they can take the schmussiest most embarrassing look and rugs and make a look like you just had brand new laid down So pick up that phone into yourself a big favor called dry concepts you'd never even dream I'll call anybody else after use them just one time Call them tool free from anywhere 1-800-248-507-1 1-800-248-507-1 or just log under their website to get all the information about what they can do for you Add dry concepts dot com dry concepts clean today entertain tonight not just a slogan It's their business My life and look all this is 4-3-05-60 You wait too long God your breath are beautiful Coming at tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story We take a good art stiff look into starter She had a statement to make Unfortunately she was a woman She was married at the drugs It's really about being a strong woman But this is a sexist world If a woman behaves aggressively she's a bitch But if a man behaves aggressively But no one wanted to hear what married at the brux had to say Oh I see well this is nothing new Men are very threatened by a woman who has a beard There are just may have thought men were threatened by her But really we knew that she was just overcoming sitting for lesbian tendencies Oh come on don't even go That's okay We like the pretty lesbians Oh wow What if Meredith brought to get her name with a land as Morris said What are you Meredith Brooks Maybe she came on too strong But I haven't been there She'd been a little more lady like You know this is life's a bitch It's a big juicy stopping wet look at chill business tonight On inside the behind Maybe a Kimber would have been a little more lady like she wouldn't be in some stupid puppies about female DJs on slush radio light 101 more point five whatever it is If she'd been a little more lady like me Kimber, you know, I just She's awful she's just awful And we figured out anybody called to tell you how Greg beat outfits in that format Not yet we're waiting Maybe Greg will call in what do you think No Greg we Benjamin but L in between serving meals at the country kitchen over there in Hollywood Maybe I'll stop by in a way after Mommy's house and say how to Greg has some bacon with butter mmm lots extra butter So after Mommy's house, I probably won't need any extra assistance Tyra bans somebody fax is in what do you say? I don't know who that is it's she's a model. Yeah, very good looking well there you go Tyra banks. She's on list. Yeah, this is an unlimited list air sitting put 500 people on it Now they said he'll put whatever we want on there and he'll like it too. Sherley's there on Sherley's yes Did I say it right? Yeah Are you sure? Yeah Is he right? Is he going to figure what for a smoke? Oh, three dollars. He that is not acceptable during a show. Okay, go out for a faggardering Oh, I'll pick it up this slide. Oh, geez. This no if he can't sit in there on his little Especially after we gave him that 20 bucks yesterday so we got by more of those points is five because I get it. Who did me? Oh, you did five bucks That thought that was Miguel did that chipton Oh my god, I know It's good. He's keep as they come he makes rimo early. He's very high Charlize there on who is she now She's an actress been in a lot of movies. You're gonna have to help me out because I don't know who most of these people are nor do I care about it Very beautiful. Yeah, try to you know start a summary list from these taboids here, which you know It's usually how I'm just using as a yardstick like carbon electric and and a Penelope carbon electric electric Don't start knocking Penelope cruise. She's not all that bad There are guys out there that would like to cruise with Penelope They can have my portion and there guys out there would like to cruise with Tom and probably will someday Here's what it says I emailed you a picture Britney spares without makeup. Check the QM email box I tried telling this to Georgie. I'm up on me. What an angry spick Hang it up on anybody that says anything except that they want to talk to you. Oh yeah, that's right Grant George is looking for information. You've been told me that on the air and steady I should take the effort to facts this to me which you could told me the same thing for the same money on the air for the same price No, but he wants to wait on hold. What were you doing out there now? You're taking that soda dump. He was what? Ice What is this course of stop them? Stop them from what stop them from getting ice Good nice going course off about time he did something worthwhile Just sitting there right okay. We don't want to be bush boss here, but sit sit in there right down a bunch of names Let's see here's let's see Mike from Kendall You forgot about a moh Howard who resides in shuffleboard Boca. He also has bad vera closed ban but blah blah blah uh, should I a twain? Jennifer Garner from alias? Don't watch that show don't know who that is Jennifer Garner Carlos is yes. You missed him real good ones while you're out there in a hallway talking and trying to put the George Corso What did he want? Don't pay any attention in by the way. He's an engineer They both made me go swing as in Wayne's World Wayne's World as old news. Okay, even Mike Myers is upset about that Okay, Mike from Kendall's the final practice says those. Let me say it again one one per customer 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T. I mean I realize that especially for most of these people who have such active lives out there in South Florida that you know They they can afford to pick like 510 see what I'm saying? 1520 15 or 20 But try to narrow it down and just one just for old time six since that's what the question is not who are the hottest 50 people in the world Maybe we could do like the people magazine Since they have such a crappy poll anyway. Let's compile list of the 5,000 60s people in the world the five million hottest people in the world 10 of whom have been South Florida And eight of whom I've never seen Now they're just there just too many ugly people here look at this building. Oh this building we're talking about fat just for get about fat in this building Talk about ugly just look over to your left. No Man just look right through the window. I don't do that either. I got a little reflection or looking at you I mean it's just an ugly ugly place. I don't know what it is about down here. Yeah I think the good people one day they looked in the mirror and I said I must be in a wrong place. See you and they They packed a little nap sack and they left. They said not not for me Here's Carl Springs hello Hey, yeah, sir Here's one and she's going to end down my fence and George is finished. Everybody's been Jackie Johnson, baby. Okay, man I Can he throw it and she's getting a lot of publicity Jackie Johnson and your Johnson she can play a publicity. She's not in league with some of these other people She won't certainly not play that will be cruise. I mean she ain't no Bob Soker 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line what about Angela Ray? That's Here's a boinbee, tell them Yeah this guy it's a crazy guy again It's a crazy guy All of a sudden at last week or two this guy came back after years of a must-a-min and rehab and the crazy guy Moomin is his middle name is back He got gorgeed. Here's Hollywood. Hello Hollywood Hey, I'm you. I go on. Okay, I want to throw one in the list. How are you gonna hit me like poison for maybe I get lera Christy right now. Why would I hate you just because you have bad taste? I just like him. I feel like I'm back up so she makes my toast thing. Okay, put that cheese right at the door She'll be in about a half an hour Christina Aguilera She gets George going she gets me going right to the bull Especially her videos the one the Mulan Rouge one that was that was bad enough Where she'd look like mini mouse and heat but the new one about what is it called the dirty dirty dirty ass Beautiful dirty and grotesque and mousey I went that piercing she's got she is mousey man mousey mousey mousey In fact if I'm flipping a channel so I see here I immediately blurred out automatically. I go I Just like that That's how mousey looking at pictures But you know she's on TV a lot. She's in a videos she's making music or something close by Something similar and see this I think this is interesting don't you the way because I wouldn't some in the past We've done them disservice We always said other than Britney Spears or to a Brad Pitt see Well, well, why why do we have to do that? Put them in there and let them stand up on their own two things and where is that picture or Brittany without the makeup? Maybe she's scankey looking I don't think so, but I guess it's possible A lot of people without makeup you might be surprised if that Carlos is gonna start wearing makeup tomorrow See if it's an improvement, you know, no, I doubt it can't hurt that much. We know it definitely can't hurt Did you look at the picture on the QM email? No, you hard-hearted little bastard while why don't I? The guy look on the QM.com. You look at it and if it's bad enough force George for looking Send it to I don't know. Oh, that's right. He probably sent it to us on there. Which we don't get those? That's because They just won't listen to us. They took us days days Just for the first part of that to put up a link to our website And because they're much of hard asses over here in this place because they don't want to be associated with this program and Quite frankly we don't want to be associated with them And so we said okay, that's fine. You got the link to our website. I'll cue them to come under my picture there Now please either you remove where it says email neals since we don't do email or just disable it So that when people click there they know to click below because it doesn't do anything. Did they do that? No, no, so when you click the email it's still it's still Looks like it's gonna do something and they fill out the email. Don't go as much like to a dead end I think it goes into clearance is back though file Isn't that pathetic that you have to go through so much angst just just for a little cooperation just to get something done like that Are you starting up again? Yes Yes, I am because I'm here briefly and I'm gonna I'm gonna just do like rumple still skin I'm gonna like bounce off the walls. I'm so pissed off and fired up Because this guy's obviously got a picture of Brittany naked looking really skanky nasty. It's naked though And I think she's doing Justin in the picture Just in case yeah, just in case facts it again email it too. What should you do? What can he facts it to us? He just facts me that note Chris and we'll look nearly as good as it would on the air computer email it to George that is Jorge at wqa And dot com and I'll actually check it. I'll sit in Jordan actually he will actually go through the work I check it and would you want you to send him like $50 an exchange for that just to show it to tremendous sacrifice He's making for you He's still all lucky by the way 10 past 10 at five 60 wqm We all have different lifestyles. Therefore you need different products to make you feel better and be healthier Well, I think about skimi boy. He's really working on this account. You can see that isn't he he's doing a job Older young Edmed terrain informers are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with vitamins minerals Irvals and other nutrients specifically scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs Look for old young Ed's three new formulas one help you sleep one help you control your weight and cook you 10 Which is so damn important for your heart all you might's also got supplements to burn and health in your circulatory system Your digestive your endocrine system you just scan your bones even your mind I'll using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil the best and oil you'll med helps both men and women as well Older men's an outstanding new product and you can pick it up right now as I speak at public secrets whole food markets and Well greens all over town if you want to get more information about Oliometer what can do for you call their tool free number 1 866 Oliomet that's 1 866 6536633 you can also order Oliomet products online at olio metamerica.com And don't forget to visit their sampling brilliant sports time every Sunday during dolphin season which is a long way off Starfield on great today with Oliomet 3 years of yours You Oli Mackinac this is your ball on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God Hey man, he's beef ridges of the rolling stones like you didn't know that right I mean, that's like saying hi on the Pope from the church man Anyway, anyway, I want to talk about me website keep rich in stock calm that me friends Invest me to remorn people there's some things you don't want to have found on your computer Apparently there's a few rock and rollers out there. He don't follow the rules man There's no child porn ever. I mean there's no wiggle room on it man even if you're doing research But like your own order, but be a biography or whatever See it with me beam is old zoyam anyone under 40 It would be chile porn right? I mean the only porn legal for me to view is Nancy Sinatra in M. Damn Bootsers man Those boots have seemed better days. I'll tell you. I do have a couple of favorites I view quite often. I got one the fullest dealer getting changed backstage at one of them Martin Rose and you can see Quite clearly part of a left team I also got a great boy sharp of George George Bush in his drawers. I changed him for a quick jog It does n't excite me a lot but it is a pick me up smile maker The only other porn picture legal for viewing you know for me anyway and peak the my age if they're all any left He's me picture a gen at Reno making Wii Wii out my fencing way go taxes It's sick man But I'm not I'm not carry on walking road as if we remember the lead your cookies if you're using microscopic Flow or go to tools in an option to click delete cookies if you're using mac I don't know man. I mean mix got a mac one of them shiny orange ones It looks like a George form and they mean grilling machine I've put me swordfish in that thing more than one time and Mick goes crazy So anything about Mac you've got ass Mick all right Jamie out on my Keith reaches dot com peace out Ten 16 how about Keith Richards ought to be on it. Oh come on how about Mick Jagger? No Steve Tyler How about what's your name speaking to Steve Tyler's daughter what's your name live live Tyler? Yeah, Lou Tyler Yeah, along with it about let's put Luke Tyler on there. What do you say huh? You don't think you'll get any votes. Yeah, so get a lot. You got that the Carlos. Let's put some really hot people on here and stop But beat you around a bush I'm a sick and tear to these people with really bad taste. It's kind of like we have to humor people with bad taste Here's what it says Greg V. Delos the Pimp It says guess business is real slow. I guess they're talking about it the country kitchen And by the way the president's giving us the union rest tonight. We're having like a depression. You know what I'm saying? He's not gonna admit that and I'm not gonna be watching it because I don't want getting more depressed Here's another one says in big letter shenaya she's on her vote for her. Okay. How many she got we love shenaya That I hear somebody make some cost to come she didn't have any votes She doesn't have any votes Shenaya twain Of course most people are all in the notion I explain from Mark Twain Those wrong with you people Kristen Crook she don't have any oh And he's now let's see we got that spell right. I think we do have that spell right Nicholas Shay from 98 degrees Looked up Kristen Crook. We looked at her from a small villa place Lana. I don't she's okay. I don't think she's all at the great she has an exotic look Yeah, no, it's a new In fact, I think the blind even on her role see the promise the character she plays is Dizi What else her name on the show? I don't know I think she's cuter than no Lana But she plays a goofball say so goofballs in her supposed to be really hot I think if you saw both naked you'd like to blind better. What is her name? Even a character work in think of her. Let's line up up. Looked Lana up I would Tom and I in the middle sounds good to me of course being super man. He can probably do them both at the same time I've seen guys like that in the movies christian agolar has gotten on Jackie Johnson the channel said on whether chick who's the hottest weather chick in America's gotten on Charlie sterons got none Chris these just went on there Jennifer Garner alias got none alias Mooshie pupic tower banks none had their lockler now whole lot of them got none. I guess they just went on their turn at 18 votes Britney Spears 36. Halle Barry 35 and a corner holia 30 and let me see it again when you read that the Anacorn holia is dating fill in the blank. You know that it's one of those days look what's on vh1 right now in 20. I'm not watching vsh1 right now really good tonight's Wayne video. Oh I love it Kirill I'm gonna get you out of my way. I'm gonna get you out of my way. Oh, right. I'm gonna get you out of my way. And let me say this. I don't give a crap if she was lip-sinking or not. See, these are the kind of people who need to be beaten to and bloody to a pulp. She's been talking about, Oh, well, which one really sang and let me ask you this. What was stinging to it on there? I don't give you a lie like sting fine. I like where he's even better. I'm a super boy at halftime. I don't get a good check. No, no, this he fit in with it. And I don't care what anybody else will tell you. Sting is like pass A for the people who are supposed to be in it. I mean, very healthy. What happened? What you want to go to? I don't know what I juice. That's not the point. The point is he was big long before most of those people were even old enough to have any concept before those people got stung. Stunk. So I don't know what he was doing in there. It's kind of like what they do with gulstrum. You know, we're glad it's night in the pimps. And Gary Puckett and Union Gap. And the 1910 Fruit Gum Company. I mean, quite frankly, nobody wants to see the 1910 Fruit Gum Company. Or Gary Puckett and Union Gap. Right? Or any of these people. So I don't know what to help people are thinking about. It would be like when we go to all music formats during tomorrow. Hey, listen, don't forget to Mars Wednesday, meaning from night. Well, we got to warn these people. 9 to 10 we're going to play all comedy, but it's because if they tune in that hour, I'll 10 of them. And they hear us doing that. What happened? Where is nearly a zneo gone home? No, Nio's not going home yet. All I am getting a scratchy throat. Maybe I'm catching the same bug that got mosaic. Oh, I don't want to share the same bug with him. Wouldn't that be bad? No, seriously. I think there's like a corporate disease here. I think maybe a 20, 30 million dollar lawsuit straight in them out. Get an exterminator in here, get somebody to suck out the vents. This building is dangerous. Dangerous. Just get on an elevator. Huh? How would you like to have the money? How would you like to have the money in the bank? That they must have to bribe the inspectors to put those certificates in there. Oh, this was inspected by, you know, I don't want to mention no names, but that's Get serious. That thing couldn't pass inspection if you had a gun to the inspectors. But about 50 grand cash, small bills, that'll do it. How about Jennifer Conley and Nicole Kidman and Nicole Kidman? Are you kidding me? I'd rather vote for Trevor Kid. Nicole Kidman. She's better than Ann. It'll be crueys. No, she's not. Yes, she is. No, yeah. No, no way. No, no way. He doesn't like chocolate. Well, you don't like Kelly Buried, then I guess. Or what's your name? How about Harry Bellafondy's daughter? Sorry. She's getting old too. Oh. Sorry. You got a limit. Age limit. Is she old, who's older? Sharon Stone or her? Sharon Stone? Good question. Yeah. Anybody's guess? Harry Bellafondy's daughter is older than Sharon Stone. Sharon Stone just celebrated her 83rd birthday, you idiot. What's wrong with you? But she's cute. Who? Sherry Bellafondy Harper. Yeah. Oh, well, she married that last day. Harry Harper used to play for the Montreal Canadian. She let it drop that one. What about Jennifer Conley? Yeah. And I get Jennifer on there. Look at her. Look at her. Look at his head. Just rolling around there. Always been very beautiful until lately. And what happened to her later? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. She got hit by the emaciated stick. I see. She turned into a stick. I see. Maybe she's doing a Karen dive. Most gorgeous. Don Johnson from one of your devoted female listeners. Don's Johnson. Not any more honey. We're not talking about people. I used to look at a hundred years ago. Like, you know, Robert, we're a Wagner or Blake. You still look good? That was a joke. When was that? He's like, so did Larry Curley and Moe, probably a long time ago. Okay. That's the list we got so far. We're working with Billion. Who's the latest ones? Kisht Christian Crocodile Play. They know who that is. First of all, this isn't the smallville crowd. We pulled our audience before. We've stuck into a movie the old, the pool. And they would know smallville if you. If the WB was the only network that came in on our TV said. Heather Lockleard, Tara Banks, Charlize, Therron. Is it Charlie's there? Are you saying, actress? Yes. In one. Two days in the Valley, Devil's Advocate. Big Valley with Barbara Stam. I did it. Did you do the always come to Tony Dep. Oh, really? How come Johnny Dep's not on here? He's still was pretty good. So put him on there. He looks pretty good. He's got all those tattoos though, you know. For real tattoos? I guess. I haven't looked at that close in personal. I was right there. I had my hand around his shoulder and that picture, which I wish I was just going to hand that leather motorcycle jacket on and Zeta. Those are the days, baby, Zeta before I became an old fart. And when the real hot celebrities used to come in like him. He was enough. But for what? Enough for me. Enough to go around. Johnny Dep. That was before he became real real real big. And then thought you guys in Hallendale and Neil and everybody else, you know. He got too big for his riches. He had a love of jacket. He had a black leather like a motorcycle jacket. He was wearing it. And he wouldn't take his jacket off. And because we had all that food that we were always seeing in the morning on Zeta. And when the show ended at 10 o'clock, I had like, this is enormous dump. And I felt, I don't like it was wasting time that could be bonny. I mean, he was still there when I got out. You know, I made sure I washed my hands real good and put on some cash. Move over it. I got a barrage from the crow. What do you mean for a change? Oh, brother. Yeah, I was feeding the change. Maybe that's what I was doing there. I said it's a nice to Johnny Depp. I don't think so. Oh, he did look pretty name good. He was a very nice guy. He was not as good as a Stevie Bower. Let's put him on there. Not our buddy. He's a good guy. He's got his problems. But you know, right. He actually buddy. Yeah. Who doesn't Stevie Bower. Why? He to many shows with that towel. And I think affected his mind, you know. But if you could have seen the day at the hockey game in the old Miami arena when I first met him. Remember when that thing hold got set up? Yeah. And he approached me like he had just like my his long-loss best friend. I mean, he gave me a hug in a squeeze. I thought something was univerred. You're happening there. I'm serious. It was just amazing. What are you smoking about that? That's I'm not making that up. I'm not exaggerating. That's exactly how they went down. I wish Johnny Depp would have been quite that friendly, which he was friendly, but not that friendly. Because Johnny Depp dig to be very honest. Look better than Stevie Bower. He's had a long rocky road. Rocky road does sound good on it. You know something. We're not asking you anything about food, Mr. Because the audience is revolting about your taste. You are revolting. He don't like rocky road. And you want to know why? Because it's got chocolate in it. Right. And marshmallow. How can anybody? You don't like marshmallow? Okay. By itself. Okay. Why don't you just have a bowl of marshmallow ice cream? With it. Marshmallow topping. Yeah. Just put it in the... Just nuket. And we'll just fill it all over your forehead. It can like drip down your eyebrows. And then you don't have to see that stupid eyebrow ring. That stupid idiotic thing you were in in your eyebrow. You know, I left it in the bathroom one day on the counter. Oh, if you were... If you were in a friend, you would like to make that thing disappear so fast. You would have flustered down the toilet. Oh, it's teasing with it before I gave it back to her. You could have flustered down the toilet and if it came pop and back up again. It would have just thought it was one of five boys kidney stones. I dipped it in the toilet with a pair of tweezers before it. Yeah, there you go. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. 60, 5, 5, 6, 6, the ADHD and for eyes and wireless line. Poor little Carlos who takes a bath in the sink every morning, you're at QAM. But there's a lot of people still with no votes including Kristen Crook. She can't get any votes. How's Tom Walling doing? Brad Pitt has got nine. Tom Walling five, Tom Brady five. For the ladies and other... The real ladies and otherwise in the audience. Brad Pitt's no longer really contender, you know? He still looks okay. He's no old and old troll and old and... Watched out. Haven't seen it lately. Well, I'm gonna be more delighted during the break. I'll show you a picture in here. One of the tabloids, him and the watcher name. Not a lot of the watcher name. I thought a saw picture had a beard like ZZ top. Couldn't even tell it was him. He looked kind of like freaky Carlos last time I seen him. 27 after 10 at 5, 60, WC. By the way, freaky Carlos, you're real bitch. He's just really getting on my nerves walking out of here. I'm gonna destroy my great mood that I'm in now because of the fact that the ambiance in here is so wonderful this morning. But on a way out, make sure you leave here on a real serity note when you see that thing. That bitchy queen in the front desk. Hey, I'll tell you a place you'll be in a good mood because the food is so delicious and the... Services friendly and polite and a lot of fun. That's a pizza lot. Saw that the banner playing board. Can you imagine a money he's sped on that thing? He's probably feeding the guy for freaky, yeah? But pizza lot is world famous here in South Florida. They got two locations for it. The original Broward locations in Davy between university and the Griffin Rhodes. What is it? I mean between Griffin and 595, I'm university right beyond peer one imports. You know where it is in the pizza lot of plaza. And they got garlic rolls that a world famous to best you've ever had in your mouth. Three different kinds of great pizza. They got calzones. All the Italian dishes you know in love. Chicken and meal and seafood. Super subs. And of course all the pasta dishes are delicious and cooked. Fresh to order. No soggy. A pasta ever. At the world-flinging pizza lot. Three different kinds of great pizza too. And in plantation now we get a brand new pizza lot. It's right in the corner of Nampil and sunrise. Right beyond the world famous Walgreens. They're on the corner. And at little strip shopping center it's hard to see from the road. But believe me it's well worth zippin in the parking lot there. Goin in because the food is just as good as the original Broward location. Prices are just as very down unbelievably low. So you know how family can go their knee over and over and over again. For take out our delivery in Davy called 954 9168880. 954 9168880. And a plantation to brand new location. Now we're on sunrise call 3-8-2-1999. 954 3-8-2-1999. It doesn't get any better or cheaper or fresher or more spectacular. Then the world famous pizza lot. Now with two great Broward locations. We're sports radio 5-6. You A-M. Patriot. She gained a claim with her breakup performance in the people vessas Larry Flint. Now, Courtney Love takes the theater by storm, appearing in the classics at the Seattle Reptoy Playhouse. See her riveting performance is Lady McBeth in a Scottish play. Is this a mother f***ed jagger I see before me? As blanched to war in a street car named desire. I've always relied on the kindness of strangers. Suck her! And of course, Saint Joan by George Bernard Shaw. Get that towards away from me, mother f***ing f***ing fucking bastards! Yes, Courtney Love plays the classics. This spring at the Seattle Reptoy Playhouse. Yeah, yeah, yeah, can I have my f***ing face? Or are you a t***er today? Son of a f***ing mother f***ing f***ing. But she sure is lovely. 1031 at 560WQ and we got the mad dog along the Humperies in the studio. That's right, he's not here. I keep saying that. How did you hear any of you show yesterday? Quistier, listen. Did you hear any of it? Quistier was in Vegas. It sounded like he was right in that room. If I show some Toronto, sound as crystal clear as that, that weren't good shape. They do. So, what's the problem? Who's got a problem? Little bald head of Tom Jekko, but here to Son Sentinel, who's a geek? Oh, he's on a touch. Let me tell you something, Mr. Jekko. You haven't written anything about anything going on local in about 400 years, okay? And I'm out of touch with what's going on here. We just had a rating book come out, AMFMPM. Am I B as on a year now? What's the hero list discovered? We kicked ass again here in the middle of a grotesque book for this radio station. All the other things that are going on in radio and TV. Does he write about him? No, another you'll find another big puff piece today again about network craft. Anybody could write that from anywhere. They could be like on a moon. They could be on a ring of Saturn and write that crap. And he's got the hooks for the balls to be talking about. Well, it'll be hard for him to feel the pulse. You know, something Tom is hard for anybody to feel the pulse for and this time even their own. And you're part of the problem. This place is dead'sville. Brittany for love says Greg not not that Greg when I'm a good boy Sarah Serena for discipline when I'm a bad boy. Serena and the best of everything love Greg said not that not the one in not any of the other ones. We know so many of them these days. Here's one it says you might have mold growing in that building. I'm a mold inspector that building needs to have air sampling test done right away. Call me my cat yaddi yaddi yaddi able home inspections. He's got a phone number. What we can't do that is we're not authorized. It might not be economically expedient at this time. To do something about the death in the building, I'm tired of there's a definitely a disease in events. Sounds like a major major lawsuit. Ah, to me. Against the proprietors of this sick building, Lucy Lynn or that Lucy Lou, Lucy Lou, Lucy Lou, Lucy Lou, Charlie's angels. Is she Lou and make the old Lucy Lucy? Did the guy have a glasses die from Charlie's angels the guy, uh, the police chief? I don't know. You know the one with the thick lenses they they don't talk about. I don't know if he died. I think he died. Look it up Carlos. Look up the guy with a glasses from Charlie's angels. I'm pretty sure he died. He was in a lot of good stuff. I was a guy my nerves had a very annoying voice. Oh, T. Leonie. Who makes a hell of a macarony? You don't T. Leonie? What about her? You. Now Lucy Lou is she going on here? A lot of people like her. Okay. She's not. What do you do that to me? Because they make her out to me. I'm not asking you to try to listen to you. This can't all be the world accorded Georgian. You're a narrow taste. Sure can. Just like the guys that are on here. Do you think that I want to put, uh, who do I put on here? Like a red pit? Old meat man. Old meat. Lucy Lou's on and I know what about T. Leonie with her hot macarony. I know who she is. She's not ugly. I wouldn't call her hot. Not ugly. The question is who is the hottest person in the world in Georgia's. She's not ugly. Okay. So now there's let's make a list. This is we can do that. You think the other list ran along with a one of the opinion that we can do this from now on. She'll be under the contract. You can be ears. She's mediocre looking. She's not. I'm not putting her on her. The answer. No, adequate doesn't. Let me sit again. One more time. We first start again. We're hostile and photo on yesterday's pool again. Are they answering the question? The answer is no. No. No. The hottest person in the world. If she's the hottest person in the world, I will just stick to doing ourselves. What are you saying? I put asking me about that damn spot and about that guy saying, especially, okay? Who? I got nothing to do with that. How about LL Cool Jay? Somebody says, what do you say to that? Sure. Now, I'll tell you, oh, this is Captain working again. I think it's had a little bit too much this morning. Maybe Captain Rick is that crazy guy that calls. You know, when I was referred to as the crazy guy that we had on well back, I don't know. Look at the handwriting here. I think Captain Rick is losing it. Aubrey Harmon. Who is that? Is that a guy? I know. Well, maybe it is. Jason C. Horn football player. Oh, she's Jason C. Horn's wife is the hottest Aubrey Harmon though idea. Is she akin to like Donnie Harmon, Tom Harmon? Now, Tom Harmon's son, Mark Harman was Mark Harmon. Very good. And he was married to Florence Anderson. What did they have to do with Rick Nelson? Wasn't Rick Nelson married to his sister? I don't know. Huh? And then Rick Nelson died in a plane crash because he was doing something on the plane. And his kids didn't know the other day. So kids drew real long here and I had a monochrome and I said, no, they don't sleep naked together. They want to beat me up. And what else? They had that means. But what did Mark Harmon have to do with that? Well, he was married to whom? Who was doing who? Then Nelson kids were doing each other. And Aussie was doing Harriet. And who was Mark Harmon? Mark Harmon was football player. You see a lake quarterback. See, I know a little bit about football. Okay, all you assholes out there to think I'm not a because I'm an old fag. Sorry. What I forgot about sports would make me dangerous on this station if I remembered it. And here comes Francis over here on the outside with Bucky Dale. Oh, sorry. Let's go back and talk harness racing from 1960 and Hazel Park. Okay. Let's talk about some of those great looking harness racing drivers. Like Terry Morgan used to be about 30 years ago when he could drive. Oh, sorry Terry. Let's see, Captain Rick says, of Aubrey Harmon. Okay. Facts are coming in. The votes are pouring in on there. Although a lot of people still don't have any, which makes me consistently wonder why do people nominate these people on every poor all the time. Nobody ever gets any votes. Anyone know why? Because they look into pool and say, Oh, I'm voting for Brittany. Although I did call in about the Kristen, but I'm voting for Brittany. So what do you call in for Kristen and dammit? The Kristen have any votes yet? Oh, almost everybody's got at least one now. Like I said, the audience is really turning on to this 282 votes. Nicholas, she's got none. I should have voted for Nick. He sure's a hell of a lot hotter than Brad Pitt. Well, what do you give me a look like that? What do you, what do you like? You've seen her understand what that means. You don't understand it. Just because he is facing gotta, uh, proboscis. He's hot. Do you understand if you ever seen him naked? I have close to it. Very close to it. Not close enough, but. Uh, Tyre banks don't have any and good. The Kristen and Agalera don't have any. Oh, thank God. That restores my faith a little bit in the human race. Oh, I know. Oh, geez. Put out the cheese. Please. Geez. Louise. Kristen and Agalera. Don't get sucked in by the hype. Okay. It's one thing we get sucked in. But don't get sucked in by the hype. It's Angie Harman. People want me to tell you. Well, his handwriting looks like he's, uh, been doing acid with Dick Findery. He must have gotten the same shipment. So we're putting that on our Angie Harmon. Jay Swald Jason Seahor. Now is it what's it? Who's he? See a football player or basketball player? Jay, it says giant. Oh, that's right. Jason Seahor plays it. What do I know? I told you an awesome about sports. Angie, what? Harmon. Okay. Let me give it a list. We got so far because we got a lot of people to him in stream because, you know, they didn't realize guilty was on by himself this morning. Who is the hottest person public figure? Not your wife, not your boyfriend, your girlfriend, your sister, or law. We're talking about public figures. Somebody celebrity, I'm a jack, somebody like that in the world. Talk on a january, no way, honey, hear you yet. Whitney Spears, Halle Berry, Brad Pitt. You think, uh, you think they really had something going january, no one's such your Jean? I haven't played that in so long. I've got to play that today. Don't ever forget Sister Jean, please. It must be played. Did you see the picture of Brittany? No, Angie. Harmon. And the look you gave me was like, uh, compared to some of the other ones on the list. So we were saying, no, they both say cross around. Okay, cross around Eric. Not Angie right off the list right now. If I Jason C. Or I think it's pretty or she is. He's not a bad looking guy. Brittany Spears, Halle Berry, Brad Pitt, J. L. Tom Welling. Tom Brady. Never Tom Brady when a super bowl of the Patriots last year? Oh, good. No, that wasn't what I wanted. What we wanted was, uh, an accorded cova, Carmen Electra, which George thinks he's not too hot. The worm has been there. I wouldn't be surprised. Well, the worm's been all over on Saturday. The fact the worm is still around. It's one of the stories on our website. Beware of the worm. It is with Hurley, Sharon Stone. The little old, but nevertheless, she's doing okay. She's holding her own. Carmen Diaz. Penelope Cruz, which George is violent about that. Jessica Simpson, you ought to be pleased she's on here. Yeah. Why you sure turned fast. I thought she was spectacular and hot and everything like she's just, you said she looked great in person that she was a lot better looking than her pictures. And that you would have done her right here on the tabletop. Yeah. Oh, Shania Twain. Katherine Zeta Jones is married to Michael Douglas who thinks he's a real sex pie. I'm going to tell you something. I've had ball movements that are sexier than he is. He is not sexy in the least bit. And you know what, my name was younger. Never was then either. And they showed his ass in one of the movies. Oh, no. It's all flatty. Oh, the meat got slotted. No, flopping in the wind. Well, if anybody sucked, I don't want to go into it. No, but you're the one responsible for that if that happened. I don't want to repeat what you said. And we can't agree. See, have any votes in me? How about Antonio Subato Jr. Isn't he the moment of lazy? I get him confused with Antonio Banderas. But I'm sure Antonio Subato Jr. is the moment of lazy. I he's a good of him guy. He's got a vote. Live Tyler's only got one. That's because they don't like Eros Smith. What is wrong with you people? They're in two, you know, dead people like Kurt Cobain. Nick LaShade, does he have any good buddy Nick? How about she doesn't have any right there on the bottom? No. A Christian crock, does Christian crock have one? Maybe she does have one. That's why he'll want anything to do with her. Christian crock, do you see any votes for Christian? Small Vallea, too. She's got a pair. Clark said ain't nothing right home about. Heather Lockleard, Tyler Bangshire, Lee's there on Jennifer Garner, Jackie's Johnson, Channel 7 No, whether she's spreading over that map. Christine Agulera. By the way, when you think of it tomorrow, we for the show when you do all that very hard work and every for the show. What we need is just by itself. I know. So I don't have to go through all of this. Like I just did. Because that comes in handy. Especially when we're talking about Christian Agulera. See, now it now just comes out on our magic. You just mentioned her name. Live Tyler Jennifer Conley, Johnny Depth, who's prettier than a lot of these people. And Lucy, Lucy, Lucy, Lucy, Lucy, Lucy, Lucy, Lucy, Lucy, I'll check. I'll check. Wouldn't surprise me. It's 1042 of that. A lot of these people on this list are Lucy, Lucy by now. 1042 at 560 WQM, can't believe that all the time is gone by so fast and Brandy's this year celebrate in their 25th year in business. They've been around almost as long as I have. Any independent family, Schuster, that's been around nearly quarter of a century, has got to be doing a lot of things right. Like offering an unbeatable select and minimum in famous brand names like Rockport's Echoes, Mephisto, Timberland Clarks, S.A.S. Floor Shines and all the other top names. Just sizes at Brandy's is unbeatable. Men size 6 to 15? It can even fit Tom Welling. Women's 5 to 12 and what's from the very narrow to the very wide. And don't forget their professional sales staff and they'll help you choose the right styles and then sit you down and fit those shoes to your individual feet. That's what we call service around these parts. With over 40,000 pairs in stock in their 8,000 square foot megastor, you can be dentured. The exact kind of, the study looking for is in stock. We're going to put pop on your shoes on your feet on your thing. So when you need shoes, get into Brandy's shoes, where there's always a sailor special sales promotion. Brandy's a great great place to shop for shoes. You'll find it at 1290. North Federal Highway in the good news is you won't find a roll of shoe man there. Thank goodness. They're in POPPENO Beach, open daily 9 to 9 Sunday, 10 to 5. All this wicked Brandy's shoes take 10 bucks off an issue. Price to over 50 bucks. The software's got an every famous brand in the store with the exception of S.A. Issues going on right now. This wicked Brandy's in POPPENO Beach. See that's what I tell ya. That's the Christian here for. We rolled along all of a sudden. See what's happening? Let's try that one more time. In fact, win a minute. Just a minute. Isner? See? And then you do. I didn't local. We're sports radio 560's UAM. And I am a pussy. It's the most talked about video the year. Roblo direct stars and performs in. No. No. The critics are reviving. Jesus says it blows. Roger Ebert says it sucks. Mary Hart says it was hard to swallow. Roman Polansky says what's the big deal? Mine was 13. You after says this one's loaded. With entertainment. Gene Schalitz says this one fires no blank. No. Roblo. Filmed in central around in spread of vision. No. Roblo is coming. In your living room with the spasmata release of his directorial debut. No. We're in PG13. It's mid that 16. If you blow too much, you're in trouble. 1047 and 560. So guess who was on biography on what was biography was on MSNBC. Whatever they call their biography things. Guess who was on that Sunday. Roblo. Good guess. How'd you get that? Psychic? I'll tell you one thing. He sure was pretty. And I emphasized the waspart. Like girly pretty. Gurg. Exactly. In fact, he heard pictures like his high school picture. He and of course he had the hair that was real. Poppin' in the 70s. Yeah. He looked like a girl. He looked like David Cassidyish. That's a good full question. You had better hair. Susan, David Cassidy, Roblo. And I don't care what anybody said. I don't want to go into it. But you know what I'm saying. What do you say? He's married with kids. I don't care what anybody tells me. About her. Roblo. But he's not looking to get any more. You want her wise getting old. He's getting old. Yeah. We're all getting old. We don't look so good. I'm not looking to Carlos, necessarily. I never looked too much different from what I'm going to look like now, which is really scary. When I was like 10, I was like, I do now. Although I do need a haircut real bad. That's okay. Tomorrow I got to go get a haircut. But not at that place. Now I'm going to that place. Yeah. Because I like the one barber there. I don't care if the other guy's an asshole. I'm going to walk away and say give me to Bill Clinton haircut. Yeah. Tip the barber directly and then just give the other guy. Yeah. Give the other guy a cigar. Yeah. Yeah. Soild one. For my income. Oscar Nila Hoya somebody says, he's a pretty good looking guy. What do you say? I don't know what he looks like. Boxer. I know who he is. I just don't know what he looks like. Oscar Nila. Oh, no. He's not going on. Here's some pictures of Antonio Savato, Junio Hustle, look a lot better than any. He does have a lazy eyes, but what? Oh, he looks nasty now. He replaced Mark Wahlberg as the Calvin Klein underwear boy. He played Jack Jagger Cates on General Hospital for two years. I didn't know that. Why I tell you one thing, General Hospital. She had a lot of good looking studs on there. Richard Simmons. I mean, uh, blackie. What else is his name, blackie? John Stamos. Yes, you do know John. Oh, no. Oh, no. Well, house. That general show. Yeah. Who else was on there? Rick Springfield was on there. Really? And who was in his bed? What is that? What kind of a look is that? Rick Springfield. Rick. I would just think about his music. When you say Rick Springfield, I think about his music. What would you expect me to think about his face? That great sci-fi show he was in for about five minutes. They killed him off on the first episode, which is a bad mistake. Battle star Galifika was not the one that's a boring, boring green. And now he's dead. That'll teach him to kill off her Springfield on the first episode. Back in those days, Rick Springfield look like a fine American. Okay. You don't think he was exact. Huh? How could you possibly say that? Even though it's true. Let's see. You also start in Steven Spielberg, short lived TV series called Earth 2. He also guest started in six episodes of Mel Road Place. And when she played Heather Lockleier's husband, he has a- What about the guy speaking to guys that Mel Road Place? What was that guy? Oh, no guy. No, there was a guy Mel Road's place. What was his name? He probably all could do it anymore. That's long time ago. That's like saying Pat Peterson from LA from Notsland. I don't think I've ever watched it either, but I can some of these shows where they go back and show clips, you know. Like, Heather Lockleier's bio, things like that. There was somebody we'll know for somebody we'll facet. If that Rachel, the Brunette, the member like commercial, nobody knows who that is. Our ACATL, Rachael Rachael Rachael Rachael Rachael Rachael Rachael Rachael Rachael Rachael. It's a George Checkout or website. So I'll put this off to the side. Our ACATL event, EVEYETT, like Corvette. Here's one. Look at this. It says ginger. My suggestion for your pull is Katherine Hepburn. When I look at her, all I can say is it's time to get it on on side. H-David. Ha ha ha ha ha. That's kind of cute. Let me tell you who's sick and needs help. And now I just want to club with a baseball bat. Let me give you one guess, okay. His ex neighbor. Yeah. David? Yeah. I want to tell you something, David. I don't want to play a bush boss here on the radio, but you're getting on my nerves. The problem with David is once in a great while out of every 100 facts is one of his pretty good. Worth while. Like in sorry ports on something that we can use. Whatever. But the other 99, which he would just as well save time in all his energy, here's I vote for Errol Flynn. A lot of rumors about Errol Flynn, by the way. And those books. Yeah. How he would. What was the most in the series of books? How he would Babylon. Oh yeah. That's where we get paid to do a hear folks Babylon. He's supposed to have been doing it with everybody from what I hear from. Errol Flynn. Yeah. And carry Grant. And so, what's Olivia? And Danny K. Lawrence. Yeah. And Danny K. Could have a name as Lawrence. Olivia and Danny K. And you know. And you know, both of those things rhyme with. Yeah. Yeah. I knew you'd know it. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon. Wireless line. Leo Ramini. Who's Leo Ramini, huh? Who? Leo Ramini. Oh, Leo Ramini. What do I know about that? Ramini. I don't want to know what she's on. Is she any good? She hot? Would you do her? Yeah, do her. Well, you do anybody at this point in your life. That's not the answer to the question. She's actually really smoldering. You mean you wouldn't do Dorine? Leo Ramini. Yes or no. Tom's up or Tom's down. Okay. Leo Ramini. R.E.M.I. Looks like Ramini to me. Ramini. Jolene Blaylock. Didn't we have a salesperson named Jim Ramini? What station was that on? Was that it all double your snooze? We had a sales guy with that. I would do that. Jim Ramini. He had no UV luck. He had what? He had a sleep out in the problem. So they surgically removed his UV luck. Really? His little flapper? So he said, when they take out your flapper? I have no UV luck. Oh, yeah. I remember him. He was a nerd. He lost a lot of weight. Remember he started out as fat. If he walked in here, oh, yeah. He had glasses. He was a nerd. He lost the weight. And he was a nerd. Why is it that most salespeople are nerdy guys? GY. I don't know. Why is that? Look at here. Look at ourselves. Oh, that's nerd. Nerd. P.D. Lenny. Total nerd geek. Uh, fat boy. Beyond nerd. You know, whatever is 10 stages beyond. Thought choice. Uh, trust, right? Thought head geek. He is not a nerd. He is so. Are you going to do that? He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. I'll tell you one thing. Good thing for you dolphin fans. I got Ricky Williams because that bogus running game, you know. Mark Higgs and trust, rather. I'll just make believe running back. You step. Thrus, a good guy over here. Man with his bald head. But boy, could he run with that ball or what? No. Now, as my grandma would say, Ephmer, running back. Now, what about your lean blade? Lackouille. Yes. What is it? Quick. Yes. Also, uh, she did a maximum. Pick. Toriel. She's very hot. I see. Here's the update. The hottest person in the world. Not the hottest 600 people. Not the most mediocre look warm people. I'd like to take a guy damn big bath and like eerie with. No. We're talking about the hottest person that is your wildest fantasy. They just to see them there on the screen. Make sure you like we could Denise. Like that one picture they showed a Rob low in his bathing suit when he was about like, I don't know 18. I'm just telling you on MSNBC. And that was before the cable coming. Fixed my picture too. Which thank God for 18 team broadband. There's a best. Oh. See, it goes to show. We get on the air. And we start ripping these people. And we're talking about George would like to apologize. Like Bell South and ATT see in my house it turned out that when it came to install my internet access my roadrunner whatever we call it. That they was a couple of kids. Punks. Then what they were doing. And so they used the existing wiring. They did replace a bunch of crap. They put it was garbage. So the guy came yesterday morning. He did the whole thing. But I'm going to put it in the new wire. And now my. I'm going to tell you something. My internet is so fast at the house. You even have to type it in and we're just thinking and it goes right to it. Bell South continues. Look at it. Just pucks up Bell South in my computer. When you said that. And like Carlos was trying to tell you before you start wrapping them again and spuro can't cause you again on your answering machine. I wish you would. Is that maybe it's not Bell South. We got Bell South right here after the problems we used to have here. It's whatever reason they straight it out. This thing is fine here. They commercial. Have I had any problems on this thing since I've been back with the other one day. It went out a couple of times. Remember, but very briefly. But I'll be in the neighborhood. It's got to be a little bit more. Well, why don't you move out of that neighborhood? You don't belong in Hollywood anywhere with all those old people. I'm getting there. Maybe I'll buy your house. I belong in Hollywood. I wish Spiro Wood call cause I want to find out about Bell South home network. Spiro Aneus or Spiro Canton. Can'tton. I don't have the right copy here. Oh, yes. Got new copy from Fatboy. How is Fatboy? I'd seen him in a long time. Fat. I don't say that's a pleasantly plump like Julio likes. Let me tell you something. Okay. I'll show especially in my case since I'm fat. If I was skinny would be nasty. We don't be for fat people as pleasantly plump or anything like that. There's nothing pleasant about being fat. Julio. I mean, why is he really that out of it? He doesn't understand that. Yeah, sensitive. He more in other words, he's got a real sore nerve that I hit. I think it's right in his poop. Come on, Julio. Lose that weight. He said he's doing atkins. Keep it up. Lose an answer to. Okay. Have a contest with a beast. Can't hurt. Pass up a meal or two. Bring the food in for us. Will eat anything. Some Carlos who's picky. See, that's the thing. When you weigh like 40 pounds. And you can bathe in the sink. You shouldn't really lead that picky at this point. That's why he only weighs four. And when you make it like a buck and a half an hour. And like a twenty five dollar win fall. Like yesterday is like five weeks salary. You can't afford to be that picky. Obviously doesn't buy food with that money. You can't buy it with that money. I'm not a 10-th of these seven and five sixty wqm. If you're sleep out of crappier, it won't open out mattress. Believe me. Your back will tell you the message. It's not a good one either. Because you're not getting to good night's sleep. And so you wake up in the morning feeling grumpy and out of shape. And all day long, you feel like crap. If you want to feel great get you a name brand mattress. And an unbeatable price and unbeatable deal all the way around. You know what I'm talking about now. But I'm getting two it's dollar mattress. You ought to be doing the same call 1-800 mattress. It's a piece of cake. They got ceiling, surduce, Simmons Kingcore, every size and style. You'll have 30 days to try it out. You're home with the best comfort exchange policy in the world. A lot of stores make you sleep on your new mattress for at least 30 even 60 nights before making an exchange with means if you're not comfortable the first night. You just bought 59 more sleepless nights than they charge you. For restock, read liver and your pay full retail price on exchanges. And as far as delivery is concerned, they'll show up when they feel like it. Not a dollar mattress for real comfort and no hidden charge direct to fees. Call 1-800 mattress right now. If you need an exchange, you can do so anytime with their 30 day comfort exchange period. No hassles at all and you know by now deliveries when you want it any day seven days a week. If you'd like to shop online, check them out at mattress.com. It's the website for dollar mattress. If you want to see it before you buy it, mattress.com's got pictures, all kinds of needs stuff and mattresses too. The bedding can solve and suggest. So make the call right now to dollar mattress and enjoy a great night's sleep call 1-800 mattress MATT-RES. It's tell that fatboard. That's P-H-A-T. Fatboard or did you call 1-800 mattress for our good friends at dollar mattress. My life and love all this is for 20-5-60. We're going to weigh them. Bang in the butt honey. Jump here in the taxi car about that driver, federal park. You look that mean so quishickering. If I could tell he was in the dog. So I acted out my pop shoe read. And with my arms, the trees I made. No bunk speaks English and they're mulled. I went down to my aunt and I made a beach where the weather is nice and sunny. I walked into a liquor store for the guy that talks real funnily. I asked him for a pint of fortune, beaming just 90-end of what does that mean? The butter's sticking wish. And I'm all. I'm going to tell you. Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan. Fitting was smelly. Are you going back to the hour, man? I can't hear. I can't hear. I can't hear the go. Learn my ABC. I don't say much as gross years. I say pretty pretty years. So get yourself to a classroom quick. You're in America now. Stop making me sick. You're a butter speech English. Come on in more. I thought we'd yell like this. 11 or 3 or 5, 60, WQM happy Tuesday. 2 or having a great time today. What was out sick this morning? Guilty of the show so I made a lot of food out there in the hallway. Bonded with sack and Robert. Everybody was bouncing around. Like all the times, just this one day. Like a visiting. Yeah, a visit to the past in the time tunnel with James Deren. You know, this iced tea. I want to thank Pony Tale for ruining my throat. Now he didn't do it intentionally. He did it with the best intentions. One of these lunts in a while. These snap-alice teas is okay. But I'm sitting here drinking this by the gallon. Yesterday and today and we get like scratchy throat. I'm catching a bug or something in the vence. It's got nothing to do with that. It's the iced tea. Do you know what I mean? Have you ever drank anything that like, sir? You don't try to describe. And like if you started like fliming up a little bit. Like it's just iced tea, especially like caustic. See what I'm saying? Like they show it's caustic. Well, some of those have lemon. They're the lemon iced teas. Yeah. And lemon is acidic. That's what I'm drinking is. It's acidic like Gary Sarner. And I'm not into that. I only sing Gary Sarner briefly for about 10 seconds. Outside twice since I've been back, which is another reason I'm in a very good mood. Because he really makes me nauseous. And then of course seeing his double an amstame. Maybe that's one of the reasons I've burned out an amstame. Seeing his double over there so much hanging down in the middle of the red light district all the time. I say, hey Gary, how you doing? Let me remember like that. Real nerd. Here's the fact this is, I don't know if you already mentioned Beyonce Nulls. Okay. Okay. What? She's cute. Your picture isn't any one of these tabloids here. She looks like she's hot. She's Beyonce. That's what an ascento on the last either. I'm sure you already know that. He knows his ass. He knows his ass. Sento. So we know where you must. I've not given me this the William sisters are hot. Okay. They're not hot. You think that they're hot? I'll after match the pretty hot and sweaty. Oh no. Oh Naomi Campbell. And she can like Luther Campbell? Who is Naomi Campbell? Model. What about pink? She's interesting as opposed to what you've given me. He's like adamant. He has just absolutely adamant. He don't like that here. Oh, her hair isn't really pink anymore. No. Which if you're going to have an pink white you have like Auburn here now. Parts of her still are. Yeah. The parts you interested in checking out. How do you know that for sure? I'll get back to you. Okay. Naomi Campbell did you say yes or no? I can't really have lost on that in the middle of the. Well we're in the pink of things here. I'll tell you that. Naomi Campbell. Okay. Got a good list going here folks. And this is the kind of show we're going to do every day. I think you know something? All we need to do now this makes it a little bit more difficult. We can just come up with some list. It's not that repetitive like we always do we don't want to do the same stuff. Although tomorrow we will be doing your favorite businesses that are in all of our business. But no serious like I'll list. How about businesses that aren't in business yet? And that's a good one. Businesses that you want to start a going and do it and turn out to be a bunch of cramp. Something like that. What is this? Mark Harmon. Oh, here's the bio. His wife Pam Dobber's from Gross Point, Michigan. It was Mindy and more community. Oh. Okay. Son of Tom Harmon and Elise Knox. Sister Kelly is the tick tag model. All the sister is Chris Tinker. That's the one who was married to her. Rick Nelson. That makes him the Uncle of Actress. Tracy Nelson and musicians Matthew and Gunnar Nelson of the band. Nelson. In 1987, Harmon is wife Pam Dobber. So this sister, Chris for custody of his ear youngest son Sam. We've seen all of those on VH1 and on MSNBC, etc. I kind of enjoyed watching those shows as a kind of a biography channel. Let's see. Please play Moz got a brand new bag. Is that called? Moz got a brand new bag. Is that the name of it? I don't know. See you see the bad news is that Boca Brian. Don't forget about that. Is he coming in today or tomorrow? Tomorrow. Oh, tomorrow. I told him earlier. Haven't come in early to make sure that all of that good stuff gets done. Now let's see. Howard gets raped. Faggotorn and ginger. MHD play. I don't know what that means. You're fired. Did I? I do like you're fired. I'm looking at all the mobots because some of the ones are not in here. Including we don't even have the CD. Do you have a copy of the CD? No. Mine isn't Toronto. I didn't bring it back. I assumed like anybody else with a brain at we would have a whole bunch of copies here. We don't have one. We don't have a single one. Moz wraps the bomb above the Tony Bruno show. Moz holiday. I find all kinds of mobots but the one they're looking for I don't think we've got here. And even with the Chris and a rendez-one, which is one of my favorites. That's not here. Do you have that there? No. So, both of them when you come into our hall, I'm bringing this one to those CDs. And we might even pay for it but I doubt it. So John and Mike were a good guy. We'll play that one when we get around to it when we feel like it. Uh, what else? Katherine, do you have a TV show? Jag? What do you say? Yes. Off a lot of the hottest people's in the world about there, you know what? Katherine Bell, which makes you feel real sorry about living in sound relationship to Maggie. Well, thank God. Or Taco, probably comes up to her kneecap. Any questions? Check out FHM Magazine. Well, Dr. Dave, we don't have to have any questions, because George says absolutely no problem at all. Let's see if we get all Mark Herman's straight now. Neil, I own environmental consulting firm on a big fan. Have her feet are sampling and bulk sampling, no strings attached? Uh, y'all. Hey, I'm going to give you this number. Okay, and the guy's name is George with a J. The guy's name is George with a J. Oh, it's thick. So there you go. We'll give it to Duff. I would like to suggest Jason Statham, a star of the transporter and coaster of a beautiful thing. He's got a beautiful thing. Wow. Are we going to get to see it? He wouldn't like him. How do you know that? How do you know I wouldn't like him? He's not your type. Well, what's my type? Not big, burly skinheaded muscle guys. That's not my type. Last time I checked. I'd be like pretty boy. I'd be like, pretty boy. I'd be like, pretty boy. Sorry. That's not hard to follow. Does that mean because it's not my type that he's not, uh, it couldn't be. Well, somebody likes somebody likes somebody. Somebody likes somebody. He's okay, by the way, as far as like the movies that he's. Soma Highek. Whatever. Katzenbill from Jag, which we just put on there again. Look at that. From Tim and Homestead. Thank you Tim. Soma Highek. She's cute, but very overrated. Everybody makes such a big deal about her and she's just, like, like, Penelope Cruz. No, Penelope Cruz is downright unattractive. But that knows. Who knows, looks like it's been broken several times even more than J.Lo. Well, shame on you, man. Shame on you. Next you be picking on Anthony and Apollo Tonner. Just he's got that Italian nose. 10 past 11 at five, 60, WQAM. What? The poliato. And Apollo Tonner. Hey, you better get with it, Mr. You don't better learn your soccer players. Hey, guys, with the new year now in full swinghouse this time to get into a new high paying career. Fast-range is holding a free career seminar tonight. And it's Kendall Miami for Lodrdale and Pembroke Pines locations. Why do I keep drinking his iced tea? I know it's killing me. And I'm sitting here drinking it like a moron. Am I an idiot? Yes, I am. I'm an absolute, imbistool. We sit in here. I know this stuff is irritating my throat, which I can't afford to have any to say it through. I must be a M-O-R-O-N. Yes. Here's a free seminar coming up side from Fast-range. So, call 1-866 Fast-Train Reservure Seed. That's 866 Fast-Train. Make 2003 as in this year, they're there in a high paying computer job. Take a body or dead-end job if you're underpaid. Overward, if you're working from a surreal asshole, this could be the most important 15 minutes of your life. Fast-train can have you certified ready for a dream job in just four short months. Call Fast-Train toll-free. 1-866 Fast-Train. Fast-Train's got convenient day evening and we can class this for you. To reserve your seat for this evening, some are as call 866 Fast-Train. And for directions to the Fast-Train closest by you, just take it out on the website. They'll tell you exactly where to go. Fast-Train.com. Or call George. He'll tell you where to go. And you'll be on your way to a new high-paying computer career. Fast-Train's outflow to his leader in computer training. The worse this is for 24-city, where he'll stay. Where he can't lay him. With the sewer of his place, dig dig dig. Dig dig My amPerfect and amangel. I'm a little scared to see my legs. I might as well keep on smoothing, shave the show a little glass. I can go through a surgeon, but that gives me the shivers. I would not want the walk out looking like Joe Rivers. I would wear my hair. I buy a little beast, the fat little freer. I did it on my favorite. Now we get a four-degree. The reason I dismissed that stinkin' fat bastard is because he wouldn't shut up and he can't play canesia. I told him he could't open it and nobody talked when I ran. I ran ten year talk. Look at me, I'm a bit scared. I'm a thing done, baby. I'm really scared. I buy a little beast, I don't care. But believe me, if they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair. I bet my self, it even happens to the greens. Once one said you could add a hillhouse, we break your legs. So now I sit by the pool, life says good as it gets. With my paladin card tail, placing bets on the gents, and power dives. Power dives, I don't kiss nobody's hands in power dives. I'll be shabbing on the screw because when I get the jails. But the greens aren't ready with my line green pants. I won't hesitate. I'll tell you what I'm going to play. It was just a little thought. So what I love to stay. I think that's funny when I know what to say. I can do what I want. The management loves me. Can I tell you something? Oh, something you ought to know. But along this time, I wanted you to be my home. Oh, you are my type pal. Now I ask you, pal, though. Who's the video door? I don't take no for an answer to that. What is that? You. What happened? What the boy? What the boy? What the boy? What the boy? What the boy? Love it's 17 at 5.6. He's WCQ. I'm happy Tuesday, too. Tracy says, how about Heath Ledger? Please hand him to the list. He's the only one who challenged Johnny Depp. Who's Heath Ledger? He's been in a couple movies. Is he kind of the nice like him? How about your partner? Patriot games, night's tail. What about what's his name? What's his name from what's it? What's your call? Oh, hey. He's okay. Like I said, he's kind of bloomed in like almost a human being. Hayden Christianson and guess what? Somebody also wants us to put hockey players on here. Which I'm sure you'll be excited about. Wait, right now the senators? Yeah, wait, it's pretty good. Look, an antenna pie that the save was as very good. Look, if nobody knows who they is. But I'll put Marty have that on there from the out of a senators. Gotcha. Marty have that son there. Got it. Marty? How does he spell that? H-A-V-L-A-T. Good checkbook from Canada. Well, he's checkbook. So I said he was Canadian. Sumi. Here's Rich Pactor. What the whole thing about WCWWM Buffalo is a K-B radio is coming back. Buffalo News reports at X Monday. They'll flip from business talk back to a classic K-B format after an driver PD Hank Nevens. And that excited? WKB W Buffalo former home or your good close personal friend, Joey Reynolds. About 100 years ago. You don't know WKBW? No. Joey Reynolds, Tommy Shannon. I am that hemorrhoid. Anyway, it says another KB legend, Joey Reynolds return with us. It's a dedicated all-night show. Oh my god. I've risen from the dead and so has KB says market legend Danny never till do mornings for another Buffalo fixed with another Buffalo fixed Tom Donnie. Oh Danny never thought about guys that look in their 90s. See what happened under bush? Everybody's got to go back to work now. Everybody lost all their retirement. Here's a sarcastic fact by the way from Tom. Hey Tom, Pfftee, okay. Who wants to be program director? It says Neal Fox News had their any other fashions. Must love your current format. Another anti-fashion bite sedust. Because we're not doing saved the world Randy Rhodes kind of radio today. Look on our website. You'll see all the articles that they won't be too happy about. Okay Tom, look on your Rogers.com. You'll see some really anti-wreck wing great crap on there. If this guy thinks I'm going to go back to trying to save the world on a radio for four hours if it is supposed to just entertain the public. And this ain't got nothing to do with Fox News. Heather ready to do their fascist from Fox News. Who we don't give a flying crap about. Okay. Who want to stick their nose backward belongs and somebody else is right wing. Back to them ass. And out of ours. And that's something. Try to do something a little bit more a little fun. Like now a little bit we're in a good mood here today. And right away I'm supposed to pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop. What about that? I'm not doing that kind of crap. Okay, I wasted seven months on it. We're doing what we think the audience wants us to want to hear. And spotted these two bozo. Oh, we like the bedtime stories. Well, great. Carlos don't give her crap. He'll say he likes anything just long as he gets a paycheck and a couple of packs of Faggot sets all he cares about. Tell him what you want him to say he likes. Yeah. You like that air. Okay. Here's the fact that his Christopher Malta follows girlfriend whatever her name is in the sopranos. Her name is Dreia de Vatillo. She's a mediocre. Dre and your recop. Tatooed. Skank. A lot of people like her. Oh, I'm sorry. Now how are we doing on this? I guess Eric is adding these as we go along. Is that how this works? Are you calling him with updates? He's emailing. Oh, you're emailing. I'm sure that you weren't calling because I don't want you guys talking. Let's see. Here it is. Here's the rundown. Who's the hottest public figure? How does person in the world? One. Not 100. You get it. Please. We like having fun with these things. But understand the question. Oh, I got a few for you. They always do that, though. You know that. I got a few for you. Most of you guys, you don't have to worry about having a few. If you just just one, just concentrate on one. Not that you're going to be doing them, but concentrate. Britney Spears 50, Halley, Barry 49 and a corner hole you're for you. I'm being to wonder about this pool. Aren't you? Whatever. Elizabeth Hurley 44, Penelope Cruz 28, Carmen Lector 25. This looks like our pola diddlers are manipulating it and the pool too. Carmen Lector 25, up. Just changing again. Britney 51, Halley 49, Ana 49, Elizabeth Hurley 44, Penelope Cruz 28. Mr Penelope Cruz got 28 votes. That's just a spite. No, it's not. Yeah, it is. They said she's out of spite today now the site. I think she's never saw her voting for just to be seen her. I think she's a lot prettier in Tom Cruise. What's he saying? Oh, that I'm full of crap. You are full of crap. He likes Penelope Cruz. Carmen Lector 26, you did like her either. And she's got 20. So, herm has been there. Jackie's just that we're not asking about her in her. It's asking about what she looks like. Okay. The woman's been there. Jackie Johnson, Channel 7 Weather 18. Katherine Zeta Jones and Shania 2017. J. Lowe 12. Sharon Stone 12, Brad Pitt 11. Cameron D. As nine. Jennifer Garner from ALAS has gotten nine. Tom Brady's got seven. That's criminal. I know we don't have a lot of women in Fags out there but come on. Let's get some. Even some guys should be voting for Tom Brady. Live for Tyler. Stevie Tyler's daughter's got seven. She's pretty damn good. Better than Logan he is. A little bit. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. But the good news is. Christy Crook. Smallville's got five. Christian. Lanna. Yeah. Now, when his lowest link come into the picture. I guess when he moves to the trouble, it's not going to be smallville anymore. Oh, geez. We sure hope they don't write him out of the story. And then when does Jimmy Olson come along? Yeah. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. I think he's got five. What am I going to do about it? This business of changed the world radio and all the other bull crap. Oh, they must love that. Who cares what the hell they love? I don't give a flying crap. Just like they did, that bitch called his show here. She's orchestrating what we can say and who we can criticize. And everything else on this guy, they have show. As far as I'm concerned, Tom, the leeson can take a WN stick and write up her butt as far as I'm concerned. Okay. Just picture that. Stop and think about it for a second. Five, six, seven, five, six. You don't forget by the way speaking to hot babes and I was going to be there tomorrow. Any special thing? No, just us. And babes. General, just doing general babes. Do I judge tomorrow for happy our five to seven to treasure island. Miguel will be there because I guess she's letting him out of the house once in a while again. I'm sure he'll be there. It's for work. Fat boy will be there. And bulk of Brian will be there because he's shrink it much. Located off the palm net or just go through the 120 seconds feed. There's a stop by for prizes and drink specials unless he's still with Judy. Anyway, okay. He's rolling his eyes. I mean, so that's supposed to say anything. 25. Huh? They're good friends. Is that it? Yeah. Like I said, he ain't getting any so he'll be there desperate. In fact, he might be kind of like rub it up against fat boy. Which I think I do just show up there and you'll be rub it up against fat. Carlos will be there. I'll bet. The Carlos will be there with bells on. I think it's a very spacious place. You can find room around room to hide. Yeah. Carlos will be over there kind of like rubbing up against the wall. Well, the wall is warm, I guess. And our favorite DJ Big Pussy who likes to bust Carlos chops all the while that we're there. Really? About one. About being done with the game. I mean, gay. How are you? Now Carlos is gay. Just when he's there. I see. I see. I see. Wow. 26 past 11 at five, five, 60, WQA and he need car insurance. Well, you letting me drink this iced tea. What? You want to finish the show? No, no, go take it away from the toilet. There's a pub. I've made a film. There's a little thirsty. There is one. One. I could have cut it. I'm not going to one little Pepsi. I'm going to cut it between now and one o'clock. There's sodas in the machine. Okay. Thank you so much. Hey Jeff, calm. We need, we appreciate the diet snappler. We've more in handy. Well, hand him out to the homeless voice people on a corner. Ugh. But I can't make it looking walking around with a sign. Seriously, that stuff tears up your throat. It's acidic. Nasty stuff. Sitting around drinking that now. For example, they have like that robole kind of iced tea that they sell a ginseng iced tea. We've ever had that. In the supermarket in those big humongous containers. I know water jug you got there. That's good stuff. Yeah. Drink that by the gallon. I'll give it a shot. That's a very... Diet ginseng iced tea. Whoop. Does it make it long and hard? It makes it very long. For some. 26 past 11. See, I'll ready. Can you hear that there? I took one sip of that Pepsi. Well, the clears your throat right out. I love that carbon Pepsi spot. I'll care what anybody said. I just saw it. The Osbourne spot. Yeah. With the... Because it's a hoot. And when do you know it? Nobody's talking about that one. Everybody's talking about young and young. And yeah. That was okay. Yo and you and Yogey. Who was all right? They're big tall basketball player and Yogey Burrah. No, that's stuff. The new bull? Yeah. My new bull. What's not right by the bull, I'm at? Have you need car insurance? Maybe you've got some tickets in the past ran accident. Maybe you have crappy credit. Well, if you answered yes to any of these things, here's the number that'll straighten you out. One triple eight. 5. 5. 6. Got one of them. I had to die Pepsi. And not that awful awful snap. That's the number for Florida first in Chevrolet. I was sponsored anymore. Florida first in Chevrolet says the car insurance policy for everybody. Regardless of your past record. They've got low down payments and get you the car insurance you need. For as little as 35 bucks a month. Column right now. Tool free. 1 triple eight. 5. 6. 7. 2. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 6. 6. 5. 7. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. 6. 5. 5. 6. 6. 5. 9. 11. 9. 9. 6. 6. 6. 6. 8. 6. You're the one who's coming. You ain't. Got a lot of friends there on the police force here that in confidentiality have told me how much of an asshole princess. She spoke to me. She told me late. I couldn't understand the single thing. She said she'd only been drinking some milk but she had bomb. Yeah baby. She spoke to me. She got very close. With it maybe go to comittos. She's thinking it's like got a shot. Yeah baby. When it's ready you look like the bright singing gallery of the all night. There's a neck of rough and she went out because they could add to her leg. She's right. She's drinking. Yeah baby all the booze. She's crazy because you look like a bomb that you translate to fish. I think it's obvious she needs a fish. She drinks. She drinks. And when you stick up the right kid, all the booze. Whenever you want stand up. She's a loser. I don't know where I'm signing a group of hands. I'm pretty sure it's five six. You never come by the way, Diana Ross. Where's that story I had about Diana Ross? What's up? Here's a nominee that'll definitely be on their Fox News Heather. All right. Even though we find them disgusting and contemptible and obnoxiously, repotentially right wing. The Fox News Heather, everybody want to do her. And a U.E.R.T. Just put Fox News Heather. Fox News Heather got it. Here's a facts from a Steve who says is becoming a chronic fracture as well. The Fox News is becoming a chronic fracture as well. The Fox News is becoming a chronic fracture as well. The Fox News is becoming a chronic fracture as well. The Fox News is becoming a chronic fracture as well. The Fox News is becoming a chronic fracture as well. The Fox News is becoming a chronic fracture as well. The Fox News is becoming a chronic fracture as well. The Fox News is becoming a chronic fracture as well. The Fox News is becoming a chronic fracture as well. Heather's Scotty Wigan and Pat St. John. Thank you, Steve. All those within days. Maybe can we go back? No. You might have run this about Detroit because it's so sad. Oh, oh. If you have air sampling done in your office for about approximately 250 bucks, it says you'll have documentation to sue the Schmidt out of these assholes that run your building. Says Mike. PSW some guy named George with a J. Don't take it personal for hate. But this guy says, who of course has got his business that and we appreciate his efforts to save our lives. He says don't use a guy named Jorge. Right. Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Good morning. Yes, sir, brings to you. What did it make you come in a time check? Is that all right? Well, what before you do that? Here's somebody says a young guy not's. I guess when he was about 10. Come check us or other tune that is column on Sunday or Saturday. Said that the reality shows we may not like them. We'll be gone in a year completely. And we won't see them for another 20 or 30. They're just getting going. I know. I use out of his mind. Not that I like him either, but let's face it. They're just getting going. They're going on for years and then. Yeah. The name I have for George is Monica Bulucci. She's a foreign actress in Middle East. She was in Malina. And she's with a Jean hack with movie. She's a small time. She's in a new room. She's with a dark hair in the large breast. Yes. Yes. How you spell her last name? You see the eye. Just like it sounds. Oh, Bellucci. Bellucci. Good call. Belli Sima. Okay. Ratsia. He's a nobody. No, who that is called. He's a little less. Ratsia. What? Nobody's going to know who won. So, Boge, I got put next to it. Nothing. We can name some movies that she's been in. Well, okay. We just described Monica Bulucci. Okay. We love. I love those Italian names. What was that movie cinema? Perdi so? I love that movie too. Yeah. Yeah. With the urine, the kid peeing in the gutter. And it comes out the Gargoyle's mouth. Yeah. It was a little bit. Five, six, seven, five, sixty pound, five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon. Lyrless line. See, I didn't realize it. You should probably whip me with a new door. Some, but I haven't been taking these people's calls because these factors are just pouring in. They're called in between the era quality thing. And between the other. The poll. And between little Jerry who's out of control today, who's today's Steve with 75 little cost-effective taxes, none of which do I read by the way they all go in the Schmidt can for the squeele little writing. Seriously, the fax machine, I wish the audience could see it because it is such incredible tangible evidence of the state of mental health in this town. You can't complain about this, table mental health because there isn't any. It's like you were open to window and you hear them going, but you see, and network they were all going, I'm mad or in hell, I'm not going to take any more. You open to window out here and you hear, but look like that. It's all our facts people. I would say that the calls that we get are light years ahead of what we get on the fax machine. The people most of them on the fax machine aren't, they're not up to calling. Oh, their voice might be recognized. No, if not just that, I don't think they can make dial that many digits consecutively. They're totally the fax number, somebody's doing it for them. You got that little Jerry with a squiggly who's like out of control today, just psychotic. Know is that none of his facts is ever get read. Harvey from the hunger, whos in his stereo over Fox News, first of all Harvey from hunger, what you watch in Fox News for in the first place this morning, Jack asked, apparently a lot of people were. What do you mean by that? All the calls. All doesn't that sad. Yeah. Evidently, they care a lot more than we do because I couldn't give a crap less. And we got fat boys neighbor Dave who needs desperate help. Desperate help. You got Joey aka Tracy Foster who faxes everybody in the building and has since the day we ever said foot in the building. I'm sure before that. It writes with a crayon. Right. So in other words, on a facet generally when you look at a facet machine it just looks back and you goes, like pan you know what's on there. Here's a call from Delray B. Chela. Yes sir. Yeah, I'm surprised he charges up the fake hell on your list. Faith hell. And I'm a man. Yeah, a little faith. I don't want to just any names for what it's worth. That's true. George is just he says. He says, siring as we go long way. Didn't know that he did some in any. You over said go in the anyway so. Yeah. I got to tell you George is right though. And that will be a cruise. I know she's getting votes but oh god. She is so pitifully ugly. Well how about Christine Agalera? Well she's not getting too ready votes so you know. Thank God for that. At least there's some hope out there. Are you there? Yeah. Anyway, you guys have a great day. Please just talk and we're there. Thanks a lot. Okay. Okay. Okay. I don't want to play the rejoin again. Have it come up like dead ear. I don't want my brother coming out of that. The T-Rom would just his T-Bag hanging in his hand. So here's an album put these all up here. And you decide who you want to have come in your check the year out. And that will just sue everybody. Minions. We'll let stuff decide. Well let stuff decide. Well, what's he got to do with it? You think you think this company is going to spend money to check the year quality out here. But let's make sure they know they don't on the building. They make decisions about who comes in here and does things. That's what you think, Mr. See now that I'm back down here. I'm stepping in and I'm playing Bouch Boss for a little while. Don't you remember that what we had over there at the IOD? Of course. If you could have seen the pictures of the stuff that they sucked out of the events in that building, mountains it looked like Mount Rushmore, mountains of Mung. Huge enormous chunks of crap that have been that building in the events for like 100 years. That has never been to a tall giraffe. Oh my god. And we're sitting in there and everybody in the building had corporate disease at IOD. Coffee and theory eyes and blurry and then of course when they sold his way. Maximly we really had theory eyes. To we realized that they had much better equipment than they were going to pay me off for so much. And then we said, oh right. Yeah. Then all of a sudden tears went away. Maybe there were tears of joy. That a lot of good freebies at Pax and two. Who did that song, tears of joy? How about tears for fears or tears of a clown or tears in heaven? Yeah. Tears and heaven I like. Twenty-tuned and let's do some music shows. Yeah, just a piss off time. It wants us to save the world from the right wing which we can't play. Tracks of my tears. Smoky. He's smoky. He'd be do it. I love smokey Robinson. It's just like here. I got tears in my ears from crying while in line on my bed. They can do it. Who's the hottest person in the world? Britney Spears is 60. Halle Berry 54. Halle's right on Britney's ass. And America's just waiting, salivating to see that. Anne has got 52 with her tree trunk legs. Elizabeth Hurley 45. Penalty Cruz 31. It's tight. Carmen Electre 28. Those are probably other women voting. Jack Lee Johnson Channel 7 weather babe 23. Should I have 201? Catherine Zeta Jones 21. Jail 14. Sharon Stone 14. Brad the pit man's got 13. Jennifer Garner. Gamer. Garner's got 12. Cameron Diaz 10. Tom Brady 7 was a lot prettier than most of the ones I had of them there. She had no worry about a Tom. I'll surely stare in seven live Tyler 7. Christine Crook from Smallville 6. Heather Locklear 5. Timwelling 5. Jennifer Conley 5. And then a small bit really small potatoes after that. Antonio Sabato Jr. and Johnny Depe Chao 4. And Greek case up to three. Tara Bancepare. Look at that Christina still stuck there on two. How do you like that? I like it. Please me know when. I can't even begin to tell you. Nicholas, shape finally got about. Thank God for that. I hear there was it have none. They just went on there. Lea Remedy don't have any yet. Lucy Lou. I love that name. Lucy Lou. I love you. Kuchiku. What do you want to do? Who else does that, Benny? Did I say Heath Ledger don't have any? Marty Hamblatt, Hayden Christianson and Lee Remedy. And now we can't but they don't have any. I just say that's what the sympathy votes. Some of you are going to vote for him. So if you left out. 18 to noon at 5. 60 WKMADDOL coming to 01. Oh no, hey today he's in transit back from Vegas. And so today you got our good friend. Jericho Gadget. As you know, whatever that'll be, you know what it'll be. Pretty boring. Hey, why don't welcome our friends, Beagle High back on the air with a new ownership. The Beagle High restaurant in Delhi at the Southic Corner of Pines University. He's got brand new owners, Brian and Fran. And the place is better than ever. They feature hand-rolled Beagle. Everything is made fresh from a scratch. You'll taste the difference. Life is salad, egg salad, tuna salad, chicken salad and lots more. Stop it today for the best lunch specials in town. You're going to sandwich piled high with delicious corn be, and a strummy, turkey or salami. Fryze, colstlan, a pickle and soda. All of these things are only 5.99. Life is money on fast food when you get homemade food. Real fast and it's delicious. So stop it today for lunch. He's Brian and Fran. They're open till 3 p.m. If you're having a party, let them customize a party flat or for you. It says, call us when the party started. George, they've got lettuce for any size group for occasion. Beagle High opens daily for breakfast at 6 o'clock in the morning with hot fresh hand-made World Bagel 7 days a week. And a 259 breakfast special, which includes all of this for only 259. Two eggs, potatoes, oatmeal, coffee, and a bagel. Check them out for Southeast Corner Pads University and Pemper Pines. Call a head for takeout 9.54, 9.8786.05. That's 9.54, 9.8786.05. Bigel High Restaurant in Delhi is a real, nohaya. 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 6.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 5.9986 7.9986 5.9986 5.99 consensus 5.9986 5.9986 9.9986 6.9986 It addressed with feedlers my man friend, did it? I'll visit make up with generous of babies. And then, ask them to rape my bun. Oh, there you know, over again. So I would not feel for more spook. No! And I would not be ashamed about a ginger and more gay union. Just hold and then stroke in the way. Boy, mate, you'll be your nutmeg type. Just sound like a nine-year-old kid. Only a macho melancholy guy. She don't know this. Let me make me flip my wig. If ginger was a lover of mine, I'd bury my bulldoz, may he know. Inside is a pinply rare end. No, I would not be a sport-o-o. If I was not a closet of faith, That's why your kid doesn't look gay union. Would they be feel-giving in the day? Everybody follow my thousand bulls. Yeah, ginger and more gay union. Would make my sorrow fully as you say. If we had a ginger and more gay union, then he wouldn't have to get me raped. 148-56-203, here's a fast hour. There's some a higher. It says his number one, dammit. And you say, overrated. Okay. But you know, everybody's all a silver higher. So not on the list, or on the list. Oh, well, see, I just do the damn motion. Can it? How do you spell it? Selma, I'm a beater, Hayek, H.A.Y.E.K. Hayek. I thought that's something you like canoeing. How can you forget faith, Hillary Angelina, and Julie? What we didn't forget faith, we just put her on her, dammit, and Angelina, Julie? What's upon the time? What about 45 years ago? She's got all those tattoos. Oh, Billy Bob got all over her and it, or... If it says my bad, Katana Baker is debuting at the middle like commercial, the mud wrestling one. If that Rachel is the blonde. So Katana Baker is responsible for those people. Obscure doesn't begin. Just calm down, okay? No. How about playmates? Heather Kizarre or Stacey Sanchez, two very hot babes? We don't know who they are. Playboy playmates? I assume? It says, how about playmates? I don't think they're like playmates in a playpin. They're probably playboy playmates, but maybe they're playingmates like in a bedroom. I don't know. Wanna go check it out? Yeah. I bet you do. We don't know who they are. Here's one that says from Lou. Maybe Neil likes Penelope Cruz because he knows what's like a great big penis. What are we bits for? There you go, I think. They nailed it. I don't like Penelope Cruz or a big penis note. They crooked with a bump at a... And Carlos is in the oven. They're exasperated with what he was saying. How's she doing on a pole with the number six? What the... He's right on a criminalector's ass. Right on her ass. There's another spite vote. Anyway, very important stuff. Star reports. The superhero series birds have prey may have fallen, but this young Superman series small village still flying fairly high. In tonight's episode, Clark's father, a foster dead Jonathan John Schneider, is arrested for shooting Lionel Luther. But a lot of people had a reason to want Luther to be set essentially to find a few small ones. That recording could be veryboards added including as some lex... Meanwhile, Lan is lawyer Dad. Guests are Patrick Cassidy. Mysteriously, we've used Tyvendron thrown and, wh pierwsome, humble Aaron Lewis's attention Ag conv Wic had said. I think we do have corporate disease in here Maybe it's not the Ice Tea. I'm SGING Ab again in this room. Would he look at me like them? Would he look at me like them just tell ya. I think we have a corporate dishwasher. And line the Luthergitz shot. He did see that on the previous. I'm going to hear he didn't see it coming. I saw the video. David Brinkley said last days, this is very tragic sad. A raging fire, we saw that story a couple weeks ago, they had a carry him out. Raging fire, David Brinkley's house is brought in even sad or situation to light. News legend Brinkley 82 is living out his last days as a frail bed-ridden and confused invalid sources tell the star. That was clear to rescue his carry him to safety after a raging blaze early January 13. Destroyed his Jackson-Mio-Mingification townhouse. Ehhhhh! Man, it's bad in here. He really didn't understand what was happening when I picked him up and carry him out of the bedroom. Said Tintin County, Deputy Chad, something or other. Who's credited with saving his life. I was told by his carryover he's got dementia. G ought to be working in management here, you know what? Can you pick that up on purpose? Is there something you can take? Eh. Well I'd tell you, it's a good thing we had this one last dive Pepsi. I'm serious. I'm gagging in this room. I think they got the poison gas coming into here. They must have the hose hooked up again. Like the old days. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T of Ryzen Marvellous Line. Many many open lines, very sad. Transject. Tom's upset because we're not screaming any other about the fascists. 495, Oatsunapool. And a lot closer and I thought it would be Brittany and Halle and Ann are battling it up. Even Elizabeth Hurley's on her ass with 49. She's pretty good. Yes. That is young as she used to be but still hold it up quite well. Put that again, who is? Who is? Here's a coffin of the Redlands, hello. Here's a lady in coconut creak. Hi, how are you doing? I was going to say Tom Brady but that was a while ago so you already have him. I got him all right. You wish you had him. I'm not giving him up. I think the guy you're talking about, no worries. But I might be Jack Wagner. No, no. No. No. No. No. Jack Wagner from this soap opera. I'm not sure. Jack Wagner from this soap opera from the general hospital. Yeah. But I did not know how to do it. It has improved greatly over the last year. I don't like that show ever. Never, never, never, ever. And just watch for one or two days. Yeah. There are many, many fine gentlemen on the hospital. Really? Well, not the kind of lights on on a three anymore. I had, you know, who knows? Just do me a favor and watch it. And then you know, you can say something about them. Sure you will. I'm sure. I'm sure. I'm sure. I'm sure. I'm sure. I'm sure. I'm sure. Is there any way I could possibly make a request for tomorrow morning from nine to ten? Sure. Um, Prince and bitch. Okay. By the mind. I can comment also on the nine to ten. Yeah. I, I, I have been listening to for ever since the beginning. I was, um, it was just a habit of tend to to. I really prefer tend to to because I listened to Bob and Tom in the morning. And I would forget. Good choice. Good taste. You know, they come in all the way. I listen to them all through Fort Lardell and all around. I do a much livery driver. Right. Hear them most of the morning. Right. But I, you know, I can't get in the habit of turning you on at nine o'clock. And I just, I just, so you see tend to two of that. Well, we've been a bad bad mistake here. We tried to like patch up another day part with this strongest day part. And he like took the franchise and he's like chopping it apart and, you know, he just, he just, uh, doesn't use his bean if he's got one. Just, diddle with our show and we should never permit it him to do it. And now now he's got this dilemma because we got the mad dog doing great between one and three. And how do we put the pieces back together? I have no idea. Yeah. Well, it's because it was a habit and, you know, it's hard to change. But I've got to get used to turning it over to you because I like Bob and Tom. But I'll let you better. Of course. It's just, um, well, we'll time work again. More Bob and Tom bits like prison between nine and ten. You'll think you're listening to them. Yep. Prison that should be great for my friend Rick is laying in Miami right now. And, um, it's a hell. Okay. But I appreciate it. See you. Thanks, bye. Thank you. What was the name of the tie restaurant in Miami in the mid 60s? It made a great, uh, oh, yeah, that's cute. Uh, you're cute. Very, very sick on a fax machine. And you remember, I made that comment and now they're all it's like an invitation. It just spewing. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. On a fax machine. And you wonder when you're out there driving what's going on? No, I don't. Oh, no. You just know where you are. You know where you are. In fact, since I've been back with, if I'm in a cart with somebody else driving, I have a fit because I can't, I can't stand it because the, in fact, when somebody else is driving, even get to more chance to pay better retention for all the stuff that's going on around you. And you see all the crazy people out there. And then they go home and they go to their fax machine. And they fax us on the show. Like that. Jenna Jamison has made some more men hit the scene. Anyone on your list. Who's Jenna Jamison? Joe is a big fan of hers talks about it. Oh, it's Carlos's shakiness head just like that. It like Linda Blair. It spun around all the way one time. Horses are popular one. Yeah. And with Carmen Luttron, there's only, just, what there's, it's only, I don't understand. With Carmen Luttron there, it's only just unless you know, if Ron Jeremy has been there, then forget it. In other words, if we can have a scape horror like Carmen Luttron there, we can have a porn star like Madison under. Yeah. Well, why can't a porn star be on there? Sure they can. She certainly qualifies if you can't afford stars. Jenna Jamison, I'm sure this is not spelled correctly. He's got J.A.M. E.S.O.N. Isn't it probably within I? No, I think that's right. Are you sure? J.A.M. E.S.O.N. Are you sure? Pretty sure. Okay, I'll put it down. What's all the wine of that? Okay, so there we go. We got the list is expanding. It's growing in the noon to one hour. We're going to talk about the fascists controlling the government. Anybody believe that? No. No. Every time I get a facts like that. Oh, gee, you're like caving it. You're right. Just go to our website. Okay, do a little bit of reading. Find out what tells Rita going on. Okay, about the goose stepers. 157 at 5.60 WQM for the past few weeks. You've heard us talk about Flores Pizza, the freshest most delicious Italian food in a long time. And Judy brought us food from Flores for lunch last week. It's absolutely better than ever. The sauce was incredible. It's true. Nothing comes out of the cannon. The first thing you can do is to put some fish in the sauce. You can tell that just by the just made fresh taste from the sauce. Oh, you know, this PD Lenny, I'm going to tell you something. If I had it two by four, it wouldn't be good enough. Just to beat the crap out of him. The copy, you can't complain about his copy cause he doesn't give you any. Anyway, they have firstly made pizza to own fresh fake garlic rolls. That they bake right there on a spot of Flores. The portions are gigantic. These more cheese meets on their pies than anybody else in town. George Miguel fought the food was delicious too. Didn't George Michael on it was delicious. You'll be fighting for that last slice of pizzas as PD Lenny fits him for us. But don't take my word for it. Fight out from PD Lenny cause he's the pizza, Mavin. Go to 731 Northeastern, Southeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, North Northeastern, Northeer, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Southeastern, Northeastern, Southeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Southeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Southeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Southeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Southeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Southeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, Northeastern, hahaha Now from Time Lifeless Music it's this a not-recapital like the metbury's the competition Oh, time with me let's die let's die away I sure could use some stock capicles because I'll be dead any day Come die with me let's die let's die away Don't miss out on the last collection of hits from Old Blue Eyes before the maggots get to him Start digging a hole Cause I'll die any day I'll be a cool cadaverate new course Breakton after his greatest hits the final chapter Yes the chairman of the board with a fun final farewell Breakton more to streak I'll be still for them to buy farmers Ask the Undertaker The say I've gone to meet my maker Quarter has credit card running in call 1 800 cadaver That's 1 800 cadaver Order today before it's too late Mips it's too late It's all 3 at 5 60 WKM are big new to 1 hour Take a look at that beautiful thing off the facts You make that out It's black it's something It's like an naked body with like a pink penis Wonder who she is 5 6705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line Who is the hottest person in the world today? Living or close to it Got a long list including Jenna Jameson Summer Hayak Faith Hill Monica Monica Monica Monica Belucci I think Jamie Presley is hotter than the others in your pool It says here And you say she's hotter So why isn't she on there? Speld wrong can't be J.A.I.M.E. It is? How do you know? Carlos does these things? Jaime Presley? Jamie Presley. Is it Jamie? What kind of a spelling is that? She really looks great but she can't spell Of course who the hell gives a crap A lot of people are here And now too many people are here Getting hold of them Natasha and Enstridge Thought kind of a name is that Weird Natasha and Enstridge I thought she was in Rocky and Bowling From the species movies Yes She was the species Okay Jamie Presley got your message Why did you hear this when you got a pukier guts out Could we need lunch? Richard says Richard must have either Gates and Richard He's a humor or visually impaired Hi Neil what about Anne Colder that right wing But she's kind of hot Oh You don't think I've ever seen her or a picture or anything You've never seen her? Nope Nope I swear She may Christina look like Rosie O'Donnell Christina the Spanish top show hostess Christina Aguilar Oh And that one too Like Miss Twiggy is what she's like A nasty, nasty, ready looking scrawny bitch In other words her looks I write in there with her personality and her politics 560 On the AT&T And Verizon line I better take an allegory and I'll As soon as I get home I'm popping an allegory See how much he's in this room I think we're being bombarded Maybe we better get one of those negative ion machines in here in this studio Don't you think? That sounds pretty negative Here's a call from Jupiter hello Jupiter? Yes sir Ah, Heather Graham and Denise Richards Okay You put them on the list? Yes sir All right Your wishes are command Thank you very much Okay Now who are they? Bob Graham Right And Keith Richards Is it Graham? Yeah And like the cracker Yeah, she's a cracker And Denise Richards Just as she all akin to Renee Richards Ah Or maybe on we were shard 560 560 560 That's a big panther all star I mean the National Hockey League all star Game comes up Sunday might gonna be there No no no interest All these other festivities all this stuff It's over to the public and might gonna be there No, couldn't care less I don't could watch sufficient games I don't go to games where there's no checking No hitting no nothing Yeah, there'll be some big names there No Mario Good news is all the ocanons gonna be there In place of mirror and I's going only Well deserved You know who he is, don't you? All the ocanons Hey, all the ears supposed to be from my Finland This teaching vision of schools there How come you can't speak English properly at Ola Like 10 words would be good But we'll take it You can stick to biscuit and the basket That's what the panters need Lot of excitement and talk can't you feel it No smell it no And I notice under the penalty of death probably Gelty doing the show solo this morning Not too much hockey talk under this morning Very very little Sticking with that football format A little bit of basketball How the heat keep getting the school with these bad calls Pat Riley school because they don't like him any more Yati, yati, y'all that Thought a funky to what it's taking the opportunity No But he took the opportunity to like to plug our show a couple of times Is that he must be really growing a big pair And concerning with me in the hallway out there with that food Oh and you don't want to think Now I'll start to think about this Frog in my throat and all these things that go on That's sandwich He's grilled cheese He's sandwich Not just with butter Who knows what was on it Had my name on it But it had larger No it might have had like Arsonic and a little lace without the old lace What better way like you know leave something like that And not be here on that day And we'll see 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line there's only one person we can call and get through your answer on it I swear Yeah, he'll know Brittany's got 67, Hallie Berry's got 59 Hallie Berry is beautiful She's just very beautiful But to put her in the same category with Brittany's spirit I find And have Horent Do you know the agreement with me? Okay, this line is... Especially in like now maybe I'm a good lady Sheated as the brother would say it was daughter-live Because I'm looking at these pictures on the star And you can make anybody look on flattering And obviously they've taken pictures of Hallie When she she looked like Hall Right I mean Boy my God have had a good sleep I mean look how I have heard of her She's having a rough day I'm not saying she's smelling Oh shawr you know perks people up Get some blood pumping in your face Yeah But we have way greater discrepancies on that list than Hallie and Brittany Like humans and Carmeletra And humanoid Are you picking on poor carmeletra again? Soiled Tainted 560 560 560 on the AT&T And Verizon Wireless line You must have some bug up your ass about penalty crew Maybe you got penalty up your ass Maybe that knows Oh Just a thought or maybe maybe I don't want to talk about eating it I wouldn't need to tell you that you and Dwight Here's Pember Pine, hello Yeah this Yes sir Yes sir Yes sir I'm Venus, Venus, I'm so Venus Dad, bad bad phony voice Put it on the list Pony voice Put it on the list Pony voice 560 560 560 560 560 On the AT And figure that out on your real man out there with Susan's last loser out Join George Smarre for happy hour treasure island we'll see do every other week Usually on Wednesday last week on a Thursday I'm not really sure why One was it because the feature couldn't show up until he couldn't be there until he was waiting for him We're here and it was well worth waiting for Okay, give us a hand Do martial arts I'm not doing martial arts probably was pretty pissed off about that And art too But nevertheless you did everybody else is what I'm here And maybe you'll get done too Maybe you'll get lucky Maybe good chance to see Carlos chase in fat boy around as he waddles trying to get away on his walker It's a beautiful thing to watch 560 560 Well he's still warm kind of you know except that he's pancilot Is what I'm hearing 10 past noon at 560 WCM the mad dog They're slightly poor They were really slicing them up a little bit yesterday Just because he picked a wrong team two years in a row And like I said because you played the game Doesn't make you an expert we love the mad dog he's kicking ass on a show It's said it went so on but because you played the game Doesn't mean you really understand that you can be objective John mad by the way he's got David Brinkley syndrome Like that Oh that was so bad I thought Al Michael's in John mad was going to be the greatest broadcasting team in this being NFL And they might have been like 10 years ago Before John completed lost any semblance of irrationality And here's Al trying to bring him back to his senses like Well he didn't have any time outslif there so really wouldn't make any difference Well I don't be any free kick yet And instead of just saying I screwed up or just shutting up he continued and went that way to the whole game Poor John mad And it's said and this is what happens when the economy goes down my hand basket and people we thought were wealthy And could go on for the rest of their lives have to keep working until they croaked That's the bush effin way That's a make-tall happy now don't you think time that's something that thanks about you You know right we got to be real happy Next we're going to be working on Yeah wait till she gets it Delight to West Boca, mega store for the icons dead ran in low car of sugar free diet is a pleasure going to love shopping There are whole store as for you they have you especially in mind because they've got over 600 delicious low carb food products I mean you can go into your supermarket and get your meat and cheese and seafood and your seafood meat and cheese But what about the rest of the stuff to keep you on a straight-in-ear-o-pan and Delight to this week try the new in-chamber low carb cookies And six delicious flavors only one or two carbs per cookie you'll be in snack heaven So whether it's the delicious carb-alite ice cream breads chips muffins cheesecakes pasta and sauces whatever you like Delight to West Boca is the place you're going to love and you can try before you buy how many stores let you do that? Well, they let you do that in pubics. No, I don't think so They got a knowledgeable staff that knows their stuff inside and up. You're open every day of your life seven days week from ten to ten And at Delight, you'll find the most complete line of act in brand products anywhere and the best part of the whole deal is you save money because they're priced 25% off all day everyday and I can products the books The vitamins everything but now you heard the reports and fact dr. Bob was on CNN this morning and going Moomit like that, but seriously even our fat Julio is I mean our pleasantly pop Julio is on the atkins died If you're doing it to head for the number one low carb sugar feast during the world Delights of West Boca You'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next door to Boston Market You can call them tool free one eight seven seven low carb say hi to Alan over there. Tell him lose some weight or find them on the web at low carb dot com Don't forget there's only one de-light subway spoke is your official atkins retail center. See I did it again I knew I was gonna do that. I mean we get to that read it's your fault. I know Now let me try let me try to get on those two right here I don't hear anything view. Oh, okay there we are I think we're all crumbling out of the pressure. Maybe it's only me My And do I like that All right Back He's got a spot the reputation America's team is building down. Oh, we're fine But he's droggy I've heard some people say In the heart will he goes down A He goes down on his knees He's a man I can some most is crazy Don't clip him cause he likes it from behind I hear the woman's all over town. That's a day once they're gonna get canned for that phone call at a allegedly made a trade Minute. That's true. Dave you're out. We don't like your mustache anyway 12 17 and 560 I got Carlos on the assignment and I look at a Melrose place. I would have thought for sure Somebody would have called in or facts in the name of the actor I'm looking for from Melrose place Once I tell you I mean he was hotter than Your barbecue Okay, I'm telling you when that show was big remember when that show was big About five minutes. Do you remember the name of the character? I didn't watch the show So how's he supposed to find who you're thinking about it because it'll have the names of the Actors and actresses who are playing in the show Right the top and start journalist and give me the names and I'll tell you what I'm talking about the guys Who's collaborative? Check the Oh, we're flying Rob S. D. Now we Rob S. D. Now not anymore. He don't go that's I'm talking about Rob S. D. He's from silk stockings Well, I tell you he sure was on a list like five minutes ago not anymore too old olden. He's had it. Keep going Who Ron Popeel John Haynes something or other show? No, Haynes Newton. He's way Newton now Next page. Oh, come on Carlos quick. I'm making this a big project This is important stuff One moment please. Yeah, your call is important. Oh, you mean to say that your computer is that slow that's not on next page Resport. Well, that's right. It's gonna be your call. We'll be answered in the order It's the moment that you say you'll know exactly who I'm talking about. Oh, yeah, you will okay even you'll know Even a stuffy old heterol like you will know who I'm talking about if he ever gets to it. What are you doing in there clicking click in a clicking They don't have a side anymore, so he's got to find other Like fans sites for other people's five six seven over five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line I find this to be so unamerican. I think it's a communist plot What's going on in here today? Here's Miami. Hello Anthony Sabotor Jr. No Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. God how are you? Great. Hey two things I've had somebody for your poll. Why do you really hot? Okay, some both down here. So feel the garas. So feel the garas? Your George is saying he's doing your picture. George is shaking it right now and it said to okay? Oh, yes, he's not he's not he's a dry concept Our excellent. Yeah, it's very very very very pleased. Thanks. We'll let this okay have a great life. I'm not seeing yeah, okay. What other names now? Come on. Let's go. In fact, maybe I'll even remember before you get with it because you're so useless today Is supposed to like most of the days Still nothing. You still have any more names from the cast that can't be all the names from the cast From Melrose place I'm about with a show who Grand show no hell no grand show I know who that is but that ain't it keep going Here's a call from Boca. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, bro. How about bro work from the e.s.a.m. the channel. Bro. Burke. David. Charvey. No, not David. Charvey. Bro. Burke. Yeah. What do you say George from the as from e. Oh, he says yes. That's good. George had see. Are you a Jew? I'd like to see five six seven. Oh five sixty Five six. He had to and Verizon wireless line. Oh, God. And Ashby. Who? Linden Ashby. David Charvey. You gotta be kidding me. I'd like to pick your personal for me. He was on gay. They watch. Yeah, it's your way. Keep going. That's it. No. You know something you're this this is a plot. I did see you. I saw. I maybe your brain is not me. You're not me. This he was like one of the major when I show was at his how did speak even more than twin geek. He was like a big huge gigantic. I would say like about this this long Five six seven and this audience doesn't know Andrew shoe That's it Andrew shoe. Now where did you find that? Caller from a caller. Thank you so much. You don't know who Andrew shoe is though. I think it's time to drop the other shoe if he asks me We're on him on earth. S. H. U. E. Right Andrew shoe. You know him if you see him. It's a. Oh, yeah, he used to be pretty big on a show. Okay Andrew shoe. Gotta put a couple of guys on here for ladies out there and those other ladies who like to dress up on a weekend Five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Oh hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm having a name for this. How about Jerry Ryan from Boston Public. Jerry Ryan. George you give me four thumbs. Jerry Ryan. She's the cyborg. We have up on the wall. Oh, yeah. Okay. Good choice. Alright. Thank you. I'll be spawning that. Jerry. Jerry. Jerry with an eye. Yeah. With a J. R. Y. And. Oh Ryan. Right. Well, that sounds pretty simple. Like in saving a private Ryan. Right. It's in Meg Ryan. Life of Ryan. Right. Ryan Foster. Ryan Anderson. Sing it in the Ryan. Five six seven. Oh five sixty. Guy Mitchell. Sing it in the Ryan. I remember that. It's bulk of rocket. I bring the stuff that we need here tomorrow. All the library. I'm sure he. He calls he better. That's all. I want to say to him. He just better. I'm not going to make any threats. Oh, you know, we do have a shocking. We have a lot of stuff that is not there. There's a two fresh for that. Yeah. You're two fresh for the show is what I'm here. That's what most said. He said, what a freshie. Ting you are man. Five six seven. Oh, how does person in the world? Ridney spirit 67. Halley. Very 64. And spread those. I intentionally grow test pictures that start put in there and Josie longer. you better do something about that fast And according a hole you 58. Elizabeth, early, 51. Jackie's Johnson, the channel seven, whether Boomb's got 40. Carmen elect her, thirty seven. Bern tota 27. That's a bunch thirty seven. It's put you 32. She had twenty eight. Katherine Zedin, Jennifer Garner's got 17. J. L. 16. Sharon Stone 15. Brad Pitt 14. Jennifer Conley 13. Charlize there when 11 Cameron D. is 11. Tom Brady's got eight. Heather Lockley rate. Live Tyler at a seven. Kristen Kirk is got six. Smallville's moving up a little bit now. Antonio Sabato Jr.'s got six. Johnny Depp five. Timberling five. Lucy Lou. I just want to say that all day. We did Lucy Lou. Lucy Lou. I didn't listen to him about Santa. El Bagward. Lou Lucy. It's just changing again. Pardon us. Christina Agallera's got five. I'm not going to do that again because if I do that. I'll get all screwed up again. Jessica Simpson four. Faith Hills got four. She just went on there. Katherine Bell. three and we cured Gracie as three, Tyra Banks three. Then he's Richard's three. Julie Blaylock appeared. One for Marty have lat. One for Nick La Shea. Thank goodness. Beyonce Noils has got one. He thought the ledgers got one. I don't know who that is he fledger. Hayden Christians and don't have one. Need for the movie they're like, take a look at like Mel movies but the Patriot was it bad and he said it. Fox News haven't had any and he said it as Monaco Voluci. Oh, that now Baluci with two now with two Z's with two C's. Let's see. Oh my god. Now what the guy said? See, her name is Baluci with two C's now with two Z's. You know, you're Italian, Mr. and didn't Eric do that. Did you write that to you or whom I didn't mistake? Carlisle, Carlisle, Mr. and I'm just taking it on his Italian. Cut the crap, Spick. Oh, Fox News, Heather, Heather, don't have any. That's amazing. Noah Campbell's got done. Some a high act, Jenna Jamison. Jamie Presley. Natasha Henstridge. Heather Graham. Lea Remedy. They have none. Subbeda get with it. 582 votes. The votes are pouring in and some of them are actually for real. Just like you were pulling yesterday about man. I pulled about George if you missed that. You missed a shocker. We had 75 million, 462,000 votes. A mixed bag. They hate him. They love him. He's boring. He's obnoxious. He's an anti-Semite. He's a little spick. He's a, a mumbleer. And that came in the last by the way. And I would have been the correct vote. That was my vote. He's a mole. You think that. No, I don't. You. I'm the only one ever said you're a mumbleer. You're the only one that's ever said that I'm a mumbleer. Plus the other 25 people have voted that. Right. When you multiply that times a thousand. That's 25,000. And multiply that number by a million. Right. And you got 25,000 million. Which is how much money we're going to, and that's the budget deficit right now. That's where the president's going to tell you the night. Things aren't looking too good. How's the market doing by the way? Well, there's what's his name, Joe Biden. Sponsored be the same response to the curse scene is rarely knocking down a building or seen a child killed in a crossfire. Are they, they're killing kids on crossfire? Or they are desperate for ratings on CNN. Aren't they? 26 past no and in five 60 WCWM. I want to do an A. I think it's the one with a bow tie. What's his name? Tyler Taylor. Tyler, what's his name is on the food channel? See everybody to me now is what's his name. When he gets a golden scene out like me. Right. Oh, makes it easier to remember. Not Tyler right. He's a hockey player. Columbus. Tyler, um, something. Thanks. Tyler banks in the courses system. Your rebanks. So they got with a bow tie that's on with James Carville and every known in the other guy. Paul, what's his name? See, I'll be a Tyler. Stevie Tyler, he's on her. He wouldn't be on that side of the table. I don't think. 26 past no and in five 60 WCWM. If you need hard insurance, maybe you've gotten tickets in the past. Maybe he had an accident. Uh-huh. Yeah, bad credit. If you answered yes to any of these things, here's the number you want to be called a straight in yourself out. One Triple 8 506 72 83. That's the number four Florida first insurance. They've got the current insurance policy plan for everybody. Regardless of your past record, they've got low down payments. Kitchie get you the current insurance. You need for his little last 35 bucks a month. Call him now. 188 50. What is it? One Triple 8 506 72 83. Florida first insurance offers free quotes. Their family owned an operated. They got years and years of experience and doing it right. You deserve the current insurance. You need so column now. One Triple 8 506 72 83. If you need home insurance, life, health, or commercial insurance, Florida first insurance will get you covered. And right now is a special promotion. Stop by any Florida first insurance location. You'll get two free casino crews passes compliments of Las Vegas to marketing a $60 value. Absolutely free. So call one Triple 8 506 72 83. Get a current insurance quote from Florida first insurance and get two free casino crews passes at the same time. Side by each. So don't forget to matter what your car history record is. Call his toll free number for Florida first insurance for all your current insurance needs. It's one Triple 8 506 72 83. And look, this is for 2560. The money tune. Yeah, got the not auction coming up. Oh boy. That's where we auction off an item of great value. Is this actually my hope? Oh yeah. They're hold this way. Okay. Now we got the auction. These items are for a very very good good cause reach for the sky. What's that mean? It moves stupid. If they don't give up the guilt, we take it anyway, see? Oh, like reach for the sky. Your money or your way. What's the matter, Mo? I'm thinking. That's just a joke, Mo. A joke, huh? Yeah, I got a joke for you. Now that's funny. Now, uh, what do we got to auction off this dive? Why not auction off your pee bear? Say, that's not a bad idea. I need to know in anyway. Yeah, please. But boys, let me tell my minions in paradise. Some about the luxurious of a Glades hotel. And it's magnificent spa. That's where my close face little man friend, J. Fiddler, and I go quite often. He's not like too many in a spa. Lying there naked with just them dowels. Teeny moisture, hairy ointnya balls. J's soft hands. Get the caressing my butt on. Dingress for them. Drawing me. Mo's in. You get very very moe and squint on me. Stop it. You want professionals? Look, how fair you went to rub the spot. Which is crazy, me again? Don't give you a splash. Piss. You've been splashing me with your very good pee. You want to see the bill but get in my pants, please. The rock, it smells like fox in his dash. Now time you got a brand new bed. It's nice. Like when I milked it, I waxed my eyes. This old word he is saying. So I gotta get a brand new bed. It's nice. It's nice. We just flashed me and it stinks. I got a brand new bed. It's a brand new bed. It's a brand new bed. I heard he made a brand new bed. Everybody across the globe is tough. I heard the president's going to reference it. The new dress tonight. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Roll it down. Who is moniker from a douche-buy angel? And you say, who? You know who that is? Yes. You like old angels black. He's old black. But other than joke fat. I learned for the ladies Mike Piazza. No. I don't think he's got something for the ladies. But anyway. He's a great. We already got a great thing. We're much about 5g. How did he have that surgery or not? I thought he did. They always teases with us. He was going in for surgery. He's going to put the pieces back together again. He's going to sit in the martyred. But I never heard another word about that. We heard about most Colossum and bad. But other than that, we never heard about BDI Bobby. Rachel Weiss, the mummy. Okay. Yes. We're going to. Okay. We vote. Now how do you spell that nice last name? Because they got W-E-I-C-Z. Rachel Weiss, you think? But I just want to make sure you get spelling that's fairly close. Okay. Do the a spell check. I know they don't have spell check on names. To you. Natalie Portman. Natalie Portman. Oh, from Star Wars. Is that? Yeah. Very hot. Is she as cute as, uh, what's his name? Hayden Prishinson. Cudor. Nah. Oh yeah. Natalie Portman. Who's even cuter than little Hayden Prishinson. What was that movie I saw him in where he liked Colossum, Blossom, and it like a real human being? I don't know what it was. Jessica Alba. She makes that diet drink that Alba 66 that you get in the same workout. She's hot. Jessica Alba. Look at this. Look at all the hot chicks out there. And you guys can't get laid. What's wrong with you? Who can't? Oh. No comment. What's your favorite favorite day? It's Buffy. From Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Serumishl Geller. And? Oh, she's not related to that kid. What's his name? That Michael, Gushlar Geller. Whatever his name is. I hope not. She's cute, but not like these other people are hottest. Oh, I missed. Look, you've probably been. The problem with you is you've do not give me like the depint of. We can't make a list of every female in a face of the earth. And a handful of males throw in their gratuitously just to please some of us old Fags in a couple of ladies. Right. Serena Williams. There's no chance. She's about as hot as the top of your stove when it's on like high cook. Okay. She's about as hot as putting your head in the ice box. But I say the top of your stove. I don't know what I'm talking about because Muff was just here. Remember, but like that, you know, he's just all wild. He's just a wild man. Which is the way we like him. He's always good when he's a wild man talking all kinds of crap. I wasn't paying any attention anything. He said 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon. Wireless line. The list is expanding. It's growing. It's getting gigantic. And the race at the top even though I have a feeling it's very very Contrary to that. But that's okay. Makes it exciting. 688 votes. Still many that have a zero. Brittany's got 69. Howly. Very 67. She's given her a run for a money. You know what? Do you believe it? Now if you had a choose. Not that. The Carlos is not like that. Like you're going to choose, right? If you had a choose between Brittany Spears and howly, think it is a jabber, hop it right into your sack. And the bedbed is not your sack. Which one? What would you laugh about? Carlos says the young. The young and the ugly? I see that show. Brittany Spears 69. Howly. Very 67. And according to Hordeus 60, the world's greatest flag tag. It was with probably 53. Jackie Johnson, Channel 7. And the first one, Carmen, it elect her 38. Penelope's cruise 32 and spotted Gorgeous, Grotesque and unexplained moments. Craig. No, it's not. Yeah, it is. Should I 20? Catherine's easy to Jones. So, in other words, anything you don't agree with is a crank vote. No, just that. Catherine's easy to Jones 26. Jennifer Garner. 18. Sharon Stone 16. Jailos got 16. That's a silly ass vote. Oliver Reakons voted for her. And Brad Pitt. He's got 15. Jennifer Conley 14. And then it goes down from there. How's Tom Brady doing only eight? Christian Crocs got six in towel and he's got five. I'm going to tell you right now. Anybody who thinks that Kristen Crocs is prettier than Tom Walling. Really needs an eye adjustment right now. She's prettier than Tom Walling. No, she's not. He is far more in there isn't even a contest. Now we'll say this the way he starts taking his clothes off. You would put the Superman outfit back on Clark. Okay. Extraordinarily disappointing. For a strapping six foot four young man besides 14 shoes. He's got like two little tiny raisins where his nipples ought to be. He's got like remember the show where he was like then it's always cold on the set. No, you don't understand. There's nothing there. There is nothing there. He's got a straw. He looks like a Dutchman. He's got that scrawny. He made sure to kind of like post Auschwitz body. Not good. Not good. So from the she we're talking about chin ups from the chin up. Now she got every we noticed whether she's got like any breast or not. How that noticed any of significance. Now see that's my point. So maybe that's the thing on the show. And I'm saying that to blonde whatever hell her name is the one the computer geek. She's the one I think is much more attractive than Alana. So the tender. But the role that she plays when you play a geeky role. People that look upon you is being like, ah, hot. You know, yeah, you're right. Right. Right. She's not as hot as like Miguel on passions. Who? Miguel on passions. What's his real name? What's he after the plays in? Just a venture. Madaguro. Oh, Jesse. What tells his name? He's not even Hispanic. But the name like Jesse. Or it didn't take so. It'll come to be momentarily. Can't believe I forgot that. That's my Alzheimer's kicking in. Now who's going to carry me in and out of bed when I get to be like David Brinkley. Who's going to like pick me up in your arms and take me to the turtle and things like that? 560, 560, pound 560 on the 18. Yeah, Carlos. I don't want him picking me up under any circumstances. Even if I don't know who it is, I'll still know. There'll be a part of me. Oh, no. It's ugly Carlos. I'll be Chuck. Don't touch me. We'll hire some decent looking people to up to do it. Like Moses. He's a bodybuilder now. He can do it. Remember if Clockwork Orange? How the old guy had his roommate, the big burly muscular guy who was actually the guy in the Darth Vader suit by the way. Yes, I did. He slept him around. Like a little rag doll. Right. We'll hire some big, good to sing and in a ring. I'm singing in a ring. What a great movie man. Clockwork Orange. Guess it was. It's raining on it just because we saw Malcolm of Dallas penis or whatever. Wasn't a hit some vulgar language in violence. That was one of the all-time great movies of Clockwork Orange. Absolutely. Most people don't get it. Right, dim. 21 till 1 at 5, 60 WQM. In fact, when, uh, muff, what are they? How's it going, dim? I didn't say that. What are you smoking about? You such a smurf, the audience could see that the smurks on your face during the show and they realized really what a hard ass little spick. You actually are the vote yesterday would have been a lot different. It would have been much different. Jesse, uh, I was came to be there with me, Carolina Pat. That's important to stop. Well, by the way, you got to see today's episode. Should I tell him with that, uh, what I've been at sports. No, I was supposed to. I was supposed to. Some, you know, body might be. Should I tell him about what the Sheridan decided what she's going to do about the end. Oh, Antonio. Whether she's going to get the experimental drug. Quit turning my mic off, you jackass. Should I tell him? Cause I know. Well, number one. Well, they've built today. You will fight out though. That's a good news. They've built it for weeks and weeks and weeks. You got to make up your mind already, Sheridan. They named a street in Hollywood after you make up your mind, bitch. Now, I'll tell you, she's beautiful. Sheridan on passions. Oh, man. See, you don't watch the show. So you have no idea who that is. I don't know what the actress is name is. But she is a knockout. Allison Mac is the name of the girl on small deal. The blonde. The show. I think she's pretty hot. She is pretty hot. No one will know who she is. She's worthy. But no, she know Johnny and Mac by the railroad track. They didn't do 12 and last pull. Let's try this time. Now we're not putting her on there. Jesse, uh, got Alfa. Jesse's girl. We're Springfield. It'll come to me. 19 to one at five, 60 WQM. The number one Chinese buffet in the universe is the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. This isn't just for like a snack. This is for when you got a really big appetite. You want to really go and pick out. And I'm not talking about just a bunch of mushy stuff. Just to fill out that vacant pit in the middle of your stomach. We're talking about delicious food crunchy and fresh. They got three locations for your final most coast in sunrise. They're in North Miami Beach. And their new location is in prestigious Pembroke Pines. Start your mouth watering experience with one or more or all of six different kinds of soups. Sample dozens and dozens of succulent mouth watering fresh on trees, including Oriental Surf and Turf on a weekends. New York Stiffstake made order to the gourmet center. And you've got to make a pit stop at the gourmet center because it's fantastic. You can say sizzling Asian grill featuring Teriyaki steak shrimp chicken seafood handcar Primeir. The Emerald Coast bro was healthy living to no MSG, no cornstarch, and no oil that's loaded with crap only cholesterol free ors and all the cooking. There were faith features a full salad bar. There's a new sushi bar fresh shrimp cocktail too. And the famous lobster fresh to his back at Emerald Coast featuring lobster thermators and lobster bisc as well. Try to leave some room for dessert because they got a fantastic dessert bar with piz, cakes, pastries, ice cream, and butter favorite toppings. What's this happening there? Oops. What'd you just do? He's dickin' with my mic again. He's dickin' around. I didn't even tell you what's happening with Seren on Passenger's. He's gonna. Anyway, pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream, and butter favorite toppings, even fresh fruit, even watermelon, and the perfect nanny to an unforgettable pig out. Not just a meal, a pig out. When in Dao Go, pig out a thermocost. Sunrise at Pine Island, a 44th Street. Collins Avenue just north of 160-30 north Miami Beach. And at the intersection of Flamingo and Pembroke pros in, Pembroke pies, except reservations, take on deliveries available as well. For more information on the Amol Coast, offer reservations call them at 9.5. 4. 5.723822. Tell Richard Goleaf's goal and be sure to start doing it quick because they're fading like the numbers. That's 9.545723822 for the world famous Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. 5. The local V66560. The ring is on your head. You ain't in. That's disgusting, program. I urge everyone to complain to this station. I know. We're Gordon and Fatima Tate on his beautiful cello. A sunny Hollywood California. It's just my name's Joel. Kathy, yes, Mom? Are you having that? Not so fresh feeling. How'd you know? Mom's no these things. Hello? It's you? Now come over here. Mom, who's that? It's Delagree's mom. What you doing? I got a screen. That's a fresh feeling. I know. Your breath. I can't breathe. Jesus, you're all. Jesus, you're all I'm what you're doing. Make your stop. Mom, I just need no one. Get this in that. Oh, Mom? Have I? Yes, Kathy. You've been just buying an angel. Oh, Mom. Oh, Kathy. Oh, Delah. Jordan and next week. And find out what happens when Delagree's reached the Nistrochee from the 18th. What? You want to stick at my? All the three gone, stick it at. 26. 26. 26. Here's a fact says George Gorge's Robadownie is old-fed and black-quested mark. You appear to be confusing or with dozed by an angel coaster, Delagree's come back to us. Oh, sorry, switch those. So in other words, you thought we're talking about Delagree's? Yes. He's about 100 years old. And, uh, Angela Mama-looking? Oh, they're always whether they're named. So Robadownie is, who is he on air? No. No, still? No, she's an, she's a handsome woman. But, uh, never the ass. I kind of like me Kimball like that. This is what I like that. Oh, here she is. Very handsome. You're right. Roman Downey of picture. A classy regal. What are you saying, uh, Lodi? You're trying to save Bouch. No, no. Yes, you are. You're trying to save from TR Northmym, a serena Williams is absolutely flat outside. He puts her in a Williams gun, okay? I keep her voglow to my desk for some times. Lunchtime pleasure and her essence maglow was nice, but the pages are all, I can't even read it. Sticky, glued together. I can't read it because even this is like stuck over. Anyway, she's amazingly hot to a lot of us. Here's the rub when you have pulls. If you forget there are those darkies who make up a good set of your audience, say we need just gloss over. Did you put serena Williams on there or not? Yes, he did. Better get with it, Mr. Uh, two pack what I got in the first set of hosts. And I'm sure Serena would outdo quite a few on a pull now, but it's your show entertainer's eyes opposed. And I try to contribute. Well, don't feel so bad. Don't go off with your tail between your legs. Who puts serena on, maybe even though I think she's rather, well, what I mean, whatever cranks you boat, man. I mean, Halley Berry wasn't exactly what is the phone since the last time I checked her out. Racers got no factor in this, but if Serena is what you like. They got tire banks in the Ome Campbell. Right. Who else do we have? We discussed her, he's daughter, but she's too old for you now. Surey. Medcaf, who the hell is Medcaf? Just as Medcaf. I don't know. I remember, my, my, my, my, my cat. Here's when it says 20 years ago, Bobby Hall. 20 years ago. How about you, and Dorie? He was pretty good about 20 years ago. How about that's from our friend who used to work for the hero. What's your name that, from Detroit? They used to be our good friend that we've missed for years and years now. Our lady friend. Rachel Alexander. No. Our lady friend who used to work at the hero in the action line, who used to bring me the Dick Pertn, CD's all the time. Oh, I see it! I love it! Very good! Let's hear it for George! Oh, can't they love him, Stin? Let's see, the big fat one has dealt with. The big fat one is delicious when it's Roman downy and the pictures like all. Yeah, okay. I got my It was for George okay. We're sorry, but we are putting some in on here because that brother's getting a little and he's right Two-back should have been on here, but that was your fault for not making me put it on there. Well, it's put big yellow there too Yeah, okay. Well, they should have both been on there Well, I guess what maybe we can do that again and LL cool. Like starting down right and notorious and then it's more than on there. What about old dirty? Yeah, old dirty about 50 men 567. Oh, I searched the palm 560 on he ate in tea and Verizon wireless line Thanks so much to our whatever his name was a there for that big puppies on light 101.5 and the all female Disduckies other is if it makes any difference people want to hear sludge it would make any difference if they had many mouse on there You don't say if you're losing the songs In fact, in fact, to be honest with you, it would make you different if they had Mickey Mouse I know calling the calling of whatever his name is I mean, I just get nervous every time I do that don't forget tomorrow get that under like a separate Be right after the show is that so we don't have to like keep him here with me for my technical incompetence Jesse Ventura no what tell us his name now upset and you never looked it up Never looked up passions. What's wrong with you Carlos? Or where should we start? To cap The eyebrow ring That's gonna be our pull tomorrow Carlos cap on or cap on Or just k Just look up real quick passions. It'll have the cast on there. You got Luis and Miguel Luis Miguel part of the sick humor and you got Antonio And Pilar who's from down here remember that woman. I call that day and tells that the woman who plays Pilar on here Who's the mama of all three of them and the Teresa? She's different down here. She's one of us. Well you I say she's great. She's a she's a who she's a panic Antonio all me home. Me whole. What are we gonna do me whole she's a panic You better start watching that show because pretty soon you better start losing touch with what we're talking about here and that'll be real bad We just can't talk about babes with hot big boobs every day You gotta yet Jesse Come on. Let's go. It's passions. You don't have the cast of passions is taking this is our computer wizard by the way No wonder Eric hates you like poison and Makes fun of you and says your little punk wouldn't know a computer from your ass I'm at it's two one it's five sixty the world famous mad dog is coming up a one-on-clock You don't mess with a mad dog Even if you got his twenty bucks in your pocket or what's left of it Carlos Snow in Miami. That's right. I'm letting Joe pre-ed over there at Hall of Pontiac are buried up to their up to their earlobes You've got so many cars on a lot. They got no place to stick him even time-living had a parks and cars in his driveway So I'll be like that that's what that time that cat. Thank you. So oh Jesse mad cat. Thank you like my cat was the hardest driver See and I didn't even put it together Boy, boy. I'm slipping bad. Sorry Tom Lane and right in my dear spot I realized that I'm on the way out just like David Brinkley maybe Tom Lane that'll carry me around You know he's a good guy likes to show anyway They got so many cars on a lot. They want to stick one in yours in your driveway that is Hall of Pontiac is blowing out all the new vehicles regardless of profit including the Pontiac vibe starting at a very measly 13,998 and up to $5,000 off an RGMC on boy and stuck plus kitches 0% financing or a Up to a $3,000 rebate and of course as always how it's got a it seems like a sea of autumn wheels There a dependable selection of pre-owned cars truck's SUVs that almost goes on forever and if anybody else in town says you're not good enough for them The good news is in Hall of Pontiac you are always good enough for those folks because they'll cut you kneel even if you have crappy credit or no credit at all It's the winner. Blizzard emergency clearance ever went on right now at Hall of Pontiac GMC 134 once out to Xie Highway that's US one red crosses three from the falls open every single day Seven days a week and if you mention the arrogate show believe and save you some more cash call the new arrogate's kneel deal hotline right now at one triple eight five three four forty two eleven that's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven talk to Jesse McCaff when you call What's wrong with that maybe Jesse's there's selling cars you never know they got a good sense of humor and Hall of Pontiac GMC who'll be professional great Don't it's big and a more Sweet You should be a little better. That little thing froze but between your butt. I'll set in taste like bubble gum. See you next time you need a story done. Since it takes a little bit of a little to make you come. Mark's loose and I will hold you. We'd really like to fuck you. Okay. Mark's loose and I will hold you. You'll be pleased though. He's got three votes. Fox News said that she's way down the small potatoes. The hottest person public figure in the world. People that everybody knows. Britney Spears 72. Halley, very 71. Looks like they're dealing with that result. Keep it in the sun. The edge of our seats. Just like passions. And Jesse Medkaff. Well, you know, it just doesn't fit in. Medkaff is not a Hispanic name. Of course, neither is Lopez slash Fitzgerald. But there's a little Hispanic in him. That's what Antonio said. Anyway, Britney's got 72 Halley's 71. And according to what he has 62, she's kind of fading. Elizabeth Hurley 54. Jackie Johnson Channel 7 Weather Babes got 43. Did you go girl? Carmen liked to 38. Did you go away girl? She's an eye at 234. Penalty Cruz rhymes with. Shmoose 32 and lose. Catherine Zeta Jones 26. Why does she say Zeta? You know what he says Zeta? Maybe she's eating too much baked Zeta. Maybe she's a Guida. Jennifer Garner's got 30 for 20 from Alias. Jameho's got 18 which shocks me. Lot of guys like that big, big smelly ass. Maybe some chicks voted for her. Jennifer Conley 69. Could be it. Classem Bull like out there. Sharon Stone 16. Brad Pitt 15. Cameron Diaz 12. Charlize Steron. Devil's advocate today's novellie 11. How come she gets a whole lot because they're not going to wish she is right? Live Tyler 9. Tom Brady 8. He's been stuck on 8 for a long time. Poor Tommy. Heather Lockley 8. Kristen Crack from Smallville's got 7. Little Lana. Then he's Richard's got 6. Tom Moans up to 6. Keep moving on at time. He needs to work out a little bit. He needs to pump it up a little bit. And if Tom don't want to pump it up, maybe some of us will help him. Lucy Lou from Charlie's Angel 6. We love Lucy Lou. I have no idea who that is, but I still love her because I love that name. I wish I would have been like Lucy Lou. Maybe we'll change the name of the show now. Lucy Lou. Jason Girl. Johnny Dev 6. Antonio Salito Jr.'s got 6. Would have one out of the sky. Christine Aguilar has got 6. I'm not playing that again. Faith Hills got 6. Jamie Presley's got 5. Oh, brother. With 4 Jessica Simpson Catherine Bell. Three of piece for Angry Gate Tyra Banks. Fox News Heather. Have three. And with a pair. Oh, what do we got about 600 names on here? Julie and Blaylock. Beyonce Noles. Hey, I hate the ledger. Uh, Jenna Jamison. Natasha Hennstridge. Sophia Vergara and Brooke Brooke Burke book each have a pair. And last but not least, one, Leah Rimmany. Some a high act. Marty have that. Nick LaShay. Lacea Natalie Portman and Jessica L.B. And with zero. Several. Do I need to even dare mention with zero? No. Do I need to be like rubbing it in? That would be like piling on. Wouldn't it? So take a look at that 660 votes as we continue our search for the hottest person in the world that we want to just reach out and grab out. You know what I'm saying? And just put us up. Just put our hand in the shoulder like, you know, just be good friends. Just pat him on the back and say. Just the fact that you were alive makes me feel better about life. Bye bye. When you put it in your mouth, it doesn't stick to the back of your mouth. When you put it in your mouth, it doesn't stick to your tongue.