I think he's lying about 1030. It's the end of the world. I just bumped out. Just keep on day. Just keep it in the matter. What happened? She could have a freaking party here. And no one's gonna go up. It's just a day. So remember it's got the fallen 9-11-2001 in New York City. Yeah. And Washington, D.C. And the people that died outside of Pittsburgh were always laying down. There's a way to be 93 crashed in the hills of suburban Pittsburgh. And heroes that were involved. So we honored them today on this show. And we hope that everybody remembers them today. And it's also Stephanie's birthday, 34 C. Happy birthday. The best you can make of it on the day. All the best of your birthdays tomorrow. He sure means he's a real mom from the Americano. This will be a great show today. Just keep going. Don't forget to like and comment on your birthday. Bye bye. Bye bye. You keep going. I'll keep going. Go off. First keep going. What have sex later gets cut. Sure. No problem. So the bottom line is... ...and the old... Is he there already? No, I'm out here. Okay, don't bother me. I'm leaving. I just want you to keep going. You're out of role. I say, hold midnight sounds good. Do you want me to play some bass for you? What about me talking about about something about this? He stuck his fist where in Clarence's room. What are we talking about? He never said he wasn't having a little thing. What a wreck to Larry. But I'm not going to look into that until Larry's. So in other words, he asked, hold so I sit in there. Don't have me on the ear. I've been rambling here for 2 minutes. So you're on the ear. Just scumbag in here. You're on the ear now. There you go. Yeah, yeah. Well that's because who had the an audition? I get that an audition. You're punk's. You're punk's in a control. They're Robert. Well, no, no, no. We had it right in here. I don't know what's going on. So who else? So who else? Maybe he's got there. No, he's the one. We had it in that, though. Maybe that was the hang of us. But he's absorbing themselves of blame. I remember the band me. I remember the band me. I remember the band me. I remember the band me. I remember the band me. I remember the band me. Three minutes passed. Ten. Only 703 out there. So you got another three hours to go. I want you. I've watched this wrong. It's five up. I need another. Let me ask you a question. What time is your show on eight to ten, right? It's on eight to ten. So in Vegas now, it's 703. Yeah. So you got like almost three hours to go. Just keep going. Okay. And then by the miles away to Vegas. Marlins are 60 over their 80, one and 65. I've got this. Listen to this. Yesterday I ran into the MGM. I ran to the sports bucket five. I love the MGM. I always stay at the MGM. I love the MGM. It's fancy. I came in a mansion on this. So anyway, I go to the sports bucket. I place the bed on the bridge. And they beat the fillies in the first pet I placed in Vegas. I hit. Oh, right. Excellent. I want a bunch of money. And I think that the Marlins are up in the end. All together, D.G. and Rick Amblers. We have a station. You realize that nobody on QAM has ever lost a bed. You do understand that, don't you? Oh, I lost a lot of bets. They call the U.S. And then because all the chronic gamblers we have in the station, which is most of our people, as you know, gamblers only talk about the best they've cast, not the Zidian ones that they lost. The first thing I do want to be in here is talk about all the ones I used. Yeah. I mean, some of my picks are so bad. Like I do a show in Atlanta. Do you want to copy everything? I want to do a room service at the MGM. Do I have I ordered it again? Yeah. I'm talking about it. Room service is awesome. It's like going to a gourmet restaurant. That's how good the room service is. I'm going to do that today on my girlfriend's birthday. And you know, the best part of every meal I eat is something to give the build a clearance. And what tells that restaurant I mentioned yesterday, but it escapes my memory because I have Alzheimer's today. What the hell is that? Yeah, Role, like I see a special thing. No, no, no, no, I'm not talking about it in there. The rest of the great gourmet restaurant, down by the Imperial Palace. What is it, George? I always forget the name of it. I had it yesterday. I had it. I just wanted to tell you that George got Rosewood grill. You're reading it there? I didn't have the rest of the grill. I got great lobster. Go down there, I mentioned my name. The lefty Oliver. But no. I had it. I had it. You got the place called, um, Hugo, seller in the four Queens, down on three, not which is a great state choice. Yeah. And then the other place I'm going to take him to is in the west. Uh, what's the name of the place is the, uh, it's the garlic room of your, that place is over like anyway. You got 34C, who else you taking? It's me, I got so, it's a good Jew in me. Oh, Scott is with you? That's exactly what I'm talking about. I mean, X. He's got so good in your shop for no money. Exactly. Jesus, why you take a fat cow like that out there with you? Because he likes it, not 50 times. You're on that. Either Meal or two. Somebody who's amazed you didn't scrawly. If we had anybody like that work, like Therons would have been good. Tomorrow's show. We're going to dedicate it. And you and barely we'll see. You could like Therons saw how to under your bed, let him watch. Or at least he was. He was. He likes that. Everybody wants to have the ball. He wants to touch her. But he just would like to release the list of the scenes. He did touch her. And a mile and a mile and gave me thought to up a leg. Did he really? Yeah, he did. He just broke his front of a couple of words. That's gotten him laid so often. He worked in an English way. And he reaches right out and tries to like grab it. So tomorrow I'm going to do gambling. All damn. And I bet on every college game and every program. We just have to make that every little day. And we have more times. What do I? He said he was a tough handful to handle. I heard that Clare's does love a handful. Speaking of fisting. Anyway, they all have a great day. You two Scott, by the way, if you want another couple hours. Just keep going. A face of six. My heart. All six hours. All right. I love you. See. First they throw your own only horses. Are you ready for some foot at all? Our own art boat represents the Nazi football league. My Christian Ariad. Take on though we've stood low to center. And now, the live game comes with I'm rich, Emmer and Rushman Ball. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. Blue. And that's it. This is my friend. It's a good night for football and this glorious administration. He's out of the darkness. Out of the light. You're so right, Hunter. If you're part of the fun. He's he. But the dissenters acquired some night people in the draft. You know how well they're bred to run. They've released this a minor one. That's how you got interest in. And that's it. That's it. But the sometimes hard-up boy into the field. You can tell by the reaction of his crowd. The more tomorrow. We can eat and get some good night coming foot to a corner of our country's league. Not to a lot of fear. And here comes the mighty Christian Arians. He's getting a good night. We're not in the air. We're both. We've come to the court. And a perfect weekend for the league. The pain height. With the new rules and place. Ariad will start this game. The game will be defeated and grow tough again. Didn't it? Both teams are lining up. The flag is down. And. The flag is down. And. The mighty Christian Arians. Watch against what's too victory. Throw up throw up throw up throw up throw up. Yeah. Bring it up. Bring it up. This portion of Matthew with all the things. Roger you buy city bag. A line out of ten. The city bag. The city bag. Do any other underground funding. Ten on nine and five sixty WCM happy Thursday two. It's September 11th. We have to remind you that. No. That wouldn't think so. The news networks of course are just inundating the public with. Wall to wall round the clock. Reminishing and hand ringing and you know, That's what's one thing to remember. But nobody's ever going to forget. I don't think this is one of those days when we have to say. Let's remember the heroes and let's reflect back. And we really have to do that. Unless you need to do. I think we need to. I think we need a four hour moment of silence. Sounds good to me. Let's start right now. You know, speaking of moments of silence. This is not the way to build a railroad. You know, we figured out what happened. No, no, but just let me express this before you interrupt this usual. I never have any idea when I'm on here because you know, Clarence is a little boyfriends in there. They open up the pod. Let me stop you. Whatever to how they feel like it. Yeah. Please. I have his headphones on and or up. I was you couldn't hear me reverberating from the walls of the MGM grand. We sent them out. Listen to my show. The MGM grand and Vegas. Well, shame on him probably. Once you go in, he wasn't listening to himself. It didn't occur to him that that's the only way that he was going to be able to hear you. He was caught up his hands. Because everything was fine on this and even. Oh, my God. I was like a shot. It is pretty amusing. But no, even even when he's there, I a lot of times I have no idea when I'm on. Because when a little head hits the big hand, it gets to be 10 o'clock. That's when this pot should be open. Okay. The kind of money that they're paying me, they want to get the full four hours. Okay. Robert, you little quizzling. You little pansy. You silly little goose you who should have been fired a long time ago. If you'd have they could pictures of Clarence in the beast. God, that kids of piece of crap. Anyway, I want that was I just saying. Oh, that I never know when to hell. I'm on. That's okay. So it was Scott's fault. I like that wound up. You know, I liked it though. He was I had the feeling he was never going to stop. He just was good as only he can do. Anyway, here's our pull result from yesterday. I'm delighted to see that. He did it very well. I'm dangerous. Other than George W. Bush, who was the most dangerous man in the world today. Osama, your mom, and Osama was in about third place most of the day. And then the, uh, not that they had received the video tape and the audio and a whole deal there. And I guess that inspired people to like say, Oh my God. Yeah, he's dangerous. He's still alive. Isn't something all these bastards who are still alive? Oh, didn't, didn't somebody once say that we were going to get him better alive. There are other cowboy talking, another ballooning, you know, and going to go after and chop off the head of the snake and all this other crap. He's still roaming around there. He looked pretty good health to me. And also, as a whole, Harry, whatever's a boyfriends name is there. It looked like they were just in the, in the pink of good health. So anyway, after that tape came out, Osama moved into first place out of 1142. The most dangerous man in the world other than our president is Osama with 207. They're tainted though of very respectable second for a guy with a heart that beats once an hour, 1951. Donald Rumsfeld, who's absolutely lost at 177. John Ashcroft 158. Now we had to him late. We apologize for that. But isn't it impressive that way he's steadily moved up a goose stepped up the ladder? Yeah. He had those jack boots on. Kim Jong-il 107, which is pretty impressive too, considering about 80% of the audience has got any idea who that is. More Howard David ended at 74. He didn't do too bad. Absolutely. The Pope 67, yours truly, Neil Rogers 46. Oh, I'm proud to be that dangerous. Even more dangerous than fat aerial seronally 36. Rush Limbaugh 33, small potatoes now, I guess. Especially now these, uh, hockey with the pink skin. Jerry Falwell only 18, Paul Wolfowitz 14, Pat Robertson 12, and Richard Pearl only 2. Guess what, folks? That's that was your mistake. Richard Pearl should have been way up on list. But they don't know who that is. On top of Dick. He should have been ahead of Dick. So anyways, already 12 past 10, and we're just, uh, boy, I like those for all those long. Like that. Great. Now some of the audience, we got about a few people that would know sense of humor. About 10, man. And they don't like that because they hate him. But of course in South Florida, everybody hates everybody anyway. You can't, you can't have anyone. Even Britney Spears, they're probably some people that hate Britney, you know? Yeah. A couple of fags. How could you hate Britney? Well, maybe just for revenge on the fact that she allegedly was doing Justin Tinkerbell. I'd like to argue with you, she never touched it. Never saw it. Okay. I'm talking about his vagina. He certainly doesn't have a penis. Yeah, seriously. You really believe Justin Tinkerbell has a penis? No. Oh, come on. No. Why do you think they call him Tinkerbell? Remember the summer of 42, when it had to tie the bells around their privates? No. You never saw it. And not the summer 42, the class of 44 was the sequel of Gary Grimes? No. Well, what do you know? You never saw that movie? Does that the fraternity one with the guy died? 10, 13, at 5, 60, WC, and a K-A, I'm hey guys, if you spent the entire year last year avoiding mirrors like Bellalagosi because you're sick and tired of seeing a giant bald spot. Well, here's the deal for you. If you're constantly looking back for the baseball cap to cover up that ugly glaring shiny spot on your head, time to call my good buddy Charles Alphayory for a lifetime. He's been putting out the best hair in the business. Using the very latest technology, it's called the natural hairline system. And it looks like real hair. That's a difference. Doesn't look like a dead weasel on your head. Doesn't look like somebody drilled holes in your head with a blood-driven dripping on your forehead. You don't have to take any dangerous pills that will really propiss your off. For over 25 years, Charlie's been working with the famous and the not so famous everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee too. She has nothing to lose but that big ugly bald spot. In fact, the 30 days you don't love the way it looks and feels. If you're not getting ahead, 24 hours a day. If couples aren't stopping in the middle of the street, just drag in your home. Charlie, give you a full refund. Call today and take advantage of your 200 dollar Neo-Roger's discount. Charlie also services and repairs all types of pair systems while you wait for only 25 to 30 bucks. Here's the toll free number to call 1-800-3212413. After you wear the natural hairline system for a month or two, you'll be amazed at how your finger is smell. Call 1-800-3212413, or log into that prestigious website, CharlesLphi-ory.com. My local Air Sports Radio 56UA, UAM. Neo-Roger. Hey, dudes. And then you ever heard cut the short on the top and long in the back? Well, you know, I'm on it. Let's take care of it properly with much air blue bullet chip. Oh, bro, alien. Mullachand Flu has body to the spiky part on the top and lustre-sheen to the flowing locks in the back. Business in the front or the in the back. Mullachand Flu has perfect for all kinds of mullas, like the acy-breaking fan, the staking, the fever paddle, the comeryl cut, hockey hairs, the neck warmer, the soccer rocker, and the all-fire can tough you on or fall. Not to mention the Tennessee Top Hat. Yo, but dude, will Morge and Flu work on my eighth string? No problem, I'll shorty long back, but don't take my word for it. Listen to Morge and Flu's celebrity indoors. All right, I'm Billy Ray Cyrus. My ask-correl pal made me the number one country star between the months of March and June of 1992. And it's all because of Mullachand Flu. Oh, Billy! Yeah, so hop in your I-Rot C28. Boom, hold on, you're hoping to go so far. Final of Mullachand Flu. Mullachand Flu, just because your haircut is 20 years old, doesn't mean your shampoo has to be. Just so I'll pre-me your presentation island. All I can say is holy crap. Wow. Yeah. Woo, got put in duty. Okay, here's our poll for today. We do this every year after the summer, I've had a couple of weeks so the audience is, you know, it's fallen out, fallen back in, they're falling, they're boost stepping along. And we do it every year to see how George has come along under my tutelage. He's gone from horrendous, grotesque, embarrassing, and humiliating, and bush league, and mumbling to the upper. I-I-I-I voted for, what's leading right now? I voted for that, and probably so did you. No, I voted for okay, I'll listen. Well, then I-look at that then. I've got five categories here. How did George do filling in this summer? Here are your choices. Great job. Best ever. Fabulous time for Neil to retire. Okay. Listen, week. I really listen to our awfulized stock listening. Now, just-just went up there. We only got some votes because that needless to say we like catching them off guard. Plus we didn't realize they were going to go back already. Uh-oh. I said, well, we'll see how it shakes out, but that's a good sign. Three, say, time for Neil to retire. So if that wins, what I'm going to do, because I can't afford to retire yet, but I'm like, what I'm going to do is, like, semi-retirement. Okay. And, no, seriously, I'll like take your role. I'll be like, I don't want to say the passive. Has like sexual connotation. Uh-huh. I'll be like, you know what I mean? You'll be the silent partner. I'll be the silent partner. You'll basically do a show, and you'll take the-well, I'll punch up the call, but then you'll talk to him. Okay. And I'll hit the drops. And I'll hit like, like, like that. You know, well, I'm just going to try to do as much with a kind of money there. Paying me, I want to do a little bit of something, you know? All right. By the way, I found an article. I got lots of articles. I'm going to read some stuff today, which I know they give upset about. Well, in the honor of 9-11, we can do something, like maybe educate people a little bit. Okay. Well, I mean, I said a little bit. All right. But I was looking for this the other day. Remember, I was asking you, because I saw Blurbund City Pulse here, and I couldn't find the article. Here it is from the Guardian today. The British newspaper. Actually, it's from Tuesday, September 9. So I must have find it on one of our website. Academic says, al-Qaeda's stronger than pre-9-11. Okay. Don't let me forget that. Also, somebody that I thank good, you know. All right. By the way, I found an article. I got lots of articles. I'm going to read some stuff today, which I know they give upset about. Well, in honor of 9-11, we can do something, like maybe educate people a little bit. Okay. Well, I mean, I said a little bit. All right. But I was looking for this the other day. Remember, I was asking you, because I saw Blurbund City Pulse here, and I couldn't find the article. Here it is from the Guardian today. The British newspaper. Checkmarks there. Scott, I don't understand what happened to my phone. I see some time. Hi. Hi. I'm working here. Everything over here. It's not all the checkmarks just went out. You just, the monitor did a little blurb. Okay. This is a little lag. See you're too uptight. Everything came back. Just coming. Here's plantation. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. What's up, buddy? How are you doing, pal? I love calling when you, when you get something going on about your time. Yeah, that's a huge number. Hi, pal. Yeah. I mean, he's an absolute worse. You should have a category on there. You're unless in a bull. Yeah. We do. We do have an awful iced stop listening. Oh, okay. Watch good. But I mean, I'll be, you know, always upper. I'm going to work him. Oh, Neil's on. I turn it on. And as soon as I hear that, that, that. He looks like he looks like he looks like he looks like he's really like three eleven Yeah, but please keep him off the put on I don't know Jesus He's a fact you must be must be a pression sir because Jesus will be filling in next up We're about wicked sons What about Rick and says they want to get paid how bad Carlos? Have a great day pal He was good I like him isn't too as to hate you like poison and how come that didn't drop all Assistant produces currently not connected to a server so now I got this hasn't happened a long time Right, I think it's sabotage Let me click that should I click this off and go back to it again? Yeah, whistle a tune do something Do something doing something My mother plays Okay, came back now. I see the clock And now the check marks came back and the clock is starting to tick but the names of the cities are not next to the I see four check marks Is that correct? That's correct But I don't see well let me try line four, but doesn't say my amy are here's Miami. Hello Hello, no yes sir. Hi Oh, I got a defend George on this one here take all the time you want oh I want you know first of all what else is there on the radio to listen to the five short You sound freaking doctor lower nobody wants to listen to rock or or anything is Anyone else that's right wing piece of crap rush limba No nothing please not on 9 11 anniversary No anyway George is a soft-hating stick He I hate when he knocks himself down at the side of the point, but he's okay He's got it going on pretty much Nobody's perfect right So while I can my listen to him whenever I can nobody replaces you, but he's all right He's on it. He's other people just put a helmet get on right You okay Well said, Valley have a great day and we go says actually morning show chronic the plantation. What's that? Oh, well, would you stop what? I'm reporting you stop knocking people just because they're ripping you an ass of course He's a chronic we know that every time your name comes up he calls him if you want to ask what? I'm just going to put it on. I talked about how George takes these things personal Let me ask you some things we go hit any more or less and believe me mostly less in your case You could pay any more or less depending on what these thoughts and I'm just going to wait entirely you keep thought how did that? Those are just not connected to a server during the break and gonna have to like diddle with that Yeah, this is not driving me nuts. I'll close the whole program and reopen it From the break no no What do you mean close the whole program I already did that? There's a associate producer I took it again The clock is working nicely and I got three check marks and everybody don't have the Do you have the cities kept in mind? I do and other clock is like okay, I don't know Reset what make all the Fix紳ny to do We've got two in each This criminal straight-of-home Bush things Bush things Nurse things And I'll just keep Bush things Bush things And I'll bear you Don't even know why They blocked investigation They information about the blind They got your sword You follow him blind And so many more Will die from his deceit in blind Who's calling the shot And really calling the days Why is Tony already young? Bush things Bush things Bush things And I'll just keep And I'll just keep Bush things And I'll just keep And I'll just keep Bush things And I'll just keep And I'll just keep You want to slam it And not be me yet Push once in a hall Bush things Bush things Yeah Bush things Yeah Bush things Bush things Yeah Bush things Bush things Yeah Bush things Bush things Be sure wash your hands frequently Boys and girls will anti-bacterialological soaps and liquids and detergents 20,000,000,000 we had for the best of meal Stuff on at through Sunday And here it is like Thursday We still have only 20,000,000,000,000,000 This is God to be the worst The most inept fundraiser I've ever been involved within my life I mean we're now like into the A pure promise coming up to an end of a full month Yeah And it's a pretty lame Great nothing happened Now I do see we have a van hit tomorrow At the Sheldon station Sheridan Street just worth to buy 95 It has no time again See this is a problem Is that we're trying to like do this in a vacuum And it's not working out all that great So you'll have the best meal merchandise there At the Sheldon station on Sheridan Street just worth to buy 95 Which I'm sure it probably has like a name The place where it is you know I'll let you know Is that the one by where we used to be? Okay If I were patched used to be I reckon by the Cox building there On Sheridan Street just worth to buy 95 Are we do we have a communication problem here Houston I think what we have is a is that farce is That's a quite really information as we're talking I love like one Yes, that's the Sheldon station you're talking about And a love you one is the time 11 to one? Yes 11 an a.m. to one p.m. tomorrow Okay Because we need to get this thing rolling for abandoned pet rescue Because it is really we delay me got your More hard day-bited key change Absolutely All the other good crap that we got Best in the real CDs we didn't even put one out last year So we got two years worth and not everybody can make making copies Look at that I got that thing working again Oh like the internet was down It was on your end Right The internet wasn't down here it was on your end Right And if you want to tell you why because even on a computer I clicked onto the internet explorer and it came up like instantaneously Like faster than you could take a crap How do you like that But it's unusual we have technical problems on your end And so forth it's so sad It's so very very sad What do you mean the internet was down in the building No it was it you know Ha ha ha ha ha So in other words my studio here's like a stepchild of the kind of cheap crap you got down there That's the problem Because my internet here never goes out and it's lightning fast It's so quick look at that It's just a George Corso's an asshole it just printed out automatic automatic pilot 129 hosts man there whipped up about you See one thing about George even as as much as he mumbles and as low key and as boring as some people The fact that a matter was he engenders a phenomenal response There are a few people who have no opinion about George Rodriguez Let me tell you that right now they either love him or they hate him Either love him like crazy and they have like some special thing with his eating ass routine Or they just hate him and find him obnoxious and humanly unacceptable on a visceral level Don't you love saying that on a visceral level Is it word go the same huh? It's a good word. I love that word Anyway, here's what we got so far on our pool on George's performance We got 140 votes in less than half an hour you follow my neck How did George do filling in the summer? Okay, I listen 42 say No, that's okay So they say why did Joseph Ganky awful. I stopped listening 35 week. I rarely listen 33 Great job best ever 23 fabulous time for Neil to retire Seven only seven and we started out with four like in a very wonderful was mine Because I would like to be Terry if I could get paid for it. Don't you think I've earned it? I've paid my dues sure I mean with a kind of Paul and see I don't see a name online six now probably good reason here's line six QAM Yes sir. Yes. Good morning, you know. How are you doing? Good. Listen. I think he's doing an okay job. I guess you'd have to check with your rating to see how they are but he's doing great Just I want to touch base. I can really hear the call Scott. I think it's you with that pod is probably where George smoked it Hey Neil. Yeah, you know that's got to take that Osama came out with or allegedly or what? Right. Well, what do you mean allegedly? Didn't you see it? Yeah, but I mean is it really him? I mean you don't know. I mean you got to know what we don't know when it was made They're saying they think it was made in April. I have no idea how they know that Okay, they said he was your piece of the key candy or something so I think it was an April Well, one thing you know, it's really scary what's your saying is if you know because it came out During you know September 11 today. Right. And they keep on saying what you know what what Osama keeps saying with you know we keep backing Israel or whatever but we back all sorts of countries What's the difference who we back? I mean Do you want to say what I'm saying? Well, you can't rationalize the the crap well That does make a difference as far as the Arabs obviously, but that's not the point The point is we're spending all these billions of dollars and other 87 billion you just ask to get now To fight a fan to try to put the mess back together that we created new wreck which has nothing to do with any of this This is one of the most frustrating parts of this whole 9-11 anniversary to me is that here we are and everybody's you know Bowing their heads and doing the obligatory reading the names of the dead again But in the meantime the billions of dollars we should be spending to nail Bin Laden and all of these lunatics were left and get rid of all kind of once and for all We're not doing that what we're doing is we're wasting the money in Iraq so that they could have their pipeline get it get old their hands on the oil And do the rebuilding job with our friends at Bexel and Haliburton. It's criminal I agree with you and that's what there's a yesterday on the use with that there was saying that all these millions of dollars going in Iraq And so To go after Osama, they're not even doing it anymore So not only are we destroying our economy, but we're making the country weaker and more dangerous for the American people And while it's it's an insult to the memory of the people who died on 9-11. It's a slap in the face Yes sir, okay. Thank you. Have a great day. Yeah, don't let me forget when we come back Al Qaeda stronger than pre 9-11. I know I saw this story on City Pulse a couple days ago I couldn't find it printed out and here it is in the British newspaper of course the Guardian on Limited in a grid paper See if you want the real news for get about CNN which stands for certainly not news or MSNBC which stands for hey How can we wave the flag and be more right wing than fox? Forget about you're not going to get it on the American. We're so you're going to get his paddle. Is they continue waving the pompoms and just to give him propaganda In other words a bunch of bullcraft And walls this is for 205. You way Earth The Middle Eastern world Will be exploded to dominate people killed with the gas that we sold in Burma's time of crusher nation and they only won that's going Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going Forget about Korean The news they're told to never write queen is really in over and over and too are hit That Iraq has some weapons of past the structure 3,000 people killed Our now forgotten let's exploit him instead 8 there's oil to be caught in going after sit down to play Kato's summer There's no longer mention of the name in law that but no it seems concerned all I'm being complacent believe in every word of this cartel in administration that controls us by fear through The idea of manipulation and the right wing is really in over and over and too are hit And Iraq has some weapons of past the structure The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying We're all suspects now not the ash crop is saying I have nothing to hide People talk about our say and I know be the cattle don't have any reservation Out of provoked fable and world annihilation Old regime must fall and have a virgin installed with no objection at all Till the crackdown have the balls and the right wing is really in over and over and too are The rain was hit by Iraq has some weapons of past the structure Only Iraq has some weapons of past the structure Probably the greatest opportunity in the history of the race That's the place for wild species all over America today Real real loud don't you think without a dude without a dude By the way you know that chair station where McGeele is going to be tomorrow between 11 and one Hollywood it's kind of like moe. Here's an easy way to remember where it is. It's like moe. It's over the hill Right very good right sure enough. I thought that was kind of cute. It's over the hill Because when you like going along on Sheridan there when you're heading west East I mean east right and it's uh there's like a little in-cline And I hope you're inclined to stop there and buy a bunch of our merchandise if we don't get $2,000 there tomorrow. I know it's only two hours 11 a month We don't waste two grand for best of meal and abandon per rescue. I'm going to be pork top And when I get pork top I get dangerous. It's been going to dangerous Yeah, how come how come I say it's hard. I just have it soon Well just in case. Tomorrow is our 16 games over 500 we got to talk sports Okay Here's a real soccer for you before getting that other story a Kennedy is finally far to where public end of What a surprise candle bell President John Kennedy's sister you units Kennedy Shriver came out yesterday to back her son-in-law Arnold Schwarzenegger's California governor Even though we're famous democratic families long battle Republicans Shriver of course is the mother of Maria Shriver in other words Jesus guide them mother-in-law. This is a story in a walking post you people ought to be ashamed of yourself Okay, this is a new story that is mother-in-law came out in favor of him while Halleluja Oh happy day is the admin Hawkins singers would say Is that pathetic? That's the right in the Washington post which is supposed to be a real newspaper Anyway, the guardian unlimited which is a real UK newspaper UK, okay Says the al-Qaeda terrorist network is stronger than before the 911 attacks in the US Let War on Terror is so far been a failure a British academic concludes in a study published Tuesday Paul Rogers no relation to Professor of peace studies at the University of Bradford and England Said the US led coalitions military successes in Afghanistan and Iraq have failed a crush al-Qaeda structure or STEM its recruitment Al-Qaeda and its associates have managed to plan an often undertaken remarkable range of activities With these collectively showing a capability that exceeds the existing that existing before the 911 attacks Rogers wrote On this basis alone, it's difficult to accept any claim that the war on Terror is being won But other terrorist experts said the US and its allies had scored significant victories against al-Qaeda They cautioned over that the chaos of post where Iraq represented the setback Rogers report was compiled for the Oxford research group of think tank specializing in arms control and unproliferation issues In his report he said that while US led anti-terrorism efforts had succeeded in preventing some terrorist plots Al-Qaeda linked to tanks and killed more than 350 people injured almost a thousand in the two year since 911 The attacks include the October 12, 2002 bombings on the Indonesian island of Bali to kill more than 200 Carbombings residential compounds in the Saudi capital of Riyadh that killed 26 and May and the August 5th car bombing in the area hotel in Jakarta and Indonesia which 12 people died There's stronger today than they were before 911 but were winning the war on Terror is what a presidency is telling us and by the way, Like me, 8887, but in because we're in a quagmar in Iraq The American public should be foaming at the mouth but instead they're spending today listening to a bunch of kids Merrill senior reading the names of the dead people who died for absolutely no reason on 911 two years ago today for no reason Total absolute ineptitude and incompetence all the way around And all every dime of this money could be spent for homeland security for real security for really battling al-Qaeda For we'd go and after Osama, Yumama and Mola, Bula Omar and Al-Zawari and all these other far-bison Muslims Yelp And let me say it again, I'm really concerned a little bit about how the all the air traffic stop with the new day or two after 911 Here was the whole and not just the immediate family but he was like all 40 some odd and they were odd of the bin Laden kin On a plane over to Saudi back to Saudi Arabia, that's where the chigrant of one pile is forget about Iraq That's where we should have been heavy duty in fact we you know something we should be inside of maybe we should be in re-ad right now Right we should be running the country we should have an occupation in Saudi Arabia And said those schmathahids back to the away to Hale came from What were they doing were they picking cotton or they just cotton picking uh Saudis or helping camels is that what they were doing sure As long as I'm on a rule, I've got a lot of heavy duty stuff here today Let the audience be all whipped up about George they are whipped up on a website now. I'll tell you you in gender response that is so amazing How did George do filling in the summer look at us it's not even 11 o'clock yet and we put the pull up about 20 after in a little over half an hour We got 250 votes already is that we may we may set records today On our website, which are hoping you go to our website you'll click on abandoned pair rescue and get the best meal stuff and quit dick and around If we don't raise 100 grand this year, I'm gonna be really porked off then they will fear me You think I'm danger I was dangerous yesterday and I pull a weight until after then then you'll see dangerous How did George do filling in the summer okay Allison 73 okay not great okay that's not bad We accept that we have to look as you listen as long as you listen and you wrote it down, you know I'm saying I should have the right Those FM station right at down, you know like a subtle hint like when you get your arbitron diaries be sure and write it down No forget us and so we say don't forget us Off the I stop listening 50 week. I really listen 47 Great job best ever 38 and fabulous time for deal to retire seven Out of 2115 so let's see let's add there the good ones is 73 and 38 and 7 45 and 73 is 118 and the other negative three is 97 How do you like that you've got a slightly there wow and a kind of plantations probably doing cartwheels up his ass He's so pissed off part of them. I'm seriously he's probably inserting all kinds of rock tanker objects in his body I'll be visiting his workplace. Why do you gotta see you got a few of those guys That's just the hate you like poison. I got many of them. I've got oh boy sure look at that polio yesterday Right, I think you doubt the worst lib on aerial sharon is being the most dangerous piece of crap bag in the face of the globe You're an evil doer Decades after the overthrow of president Salvador iyende and the imprisonment of thousands in Chile Professors journalist and activist around a world continue to expose the full role of the then US government and funding and promoting the coup Just like we installed Sodom in there We helped cast the kids ass in air back when was expedient for us and help prop him up against the Iranians against the iar freaking tola And of course the reason the iatola got in her is because we had stuck the shiver ran in there and see we just keep doing this all over the world And then we have to pay a wicked price for it Thousands of secret US documents that I'd be classified have been synthesized in a book the peanut shate file. How do you say that actually and be careful? Are you said penal shate? Now, but actually they always say pinnoshet Which I don't know because I know that's not how you would say in this fun you all but anyway the penal shate filed by Peter corn blue of Washington's investigative national security archives. You know him. No, you do now The documents detail the coups workings of Washington during the Cold War. It is firm and continuing policy that iand they be overthrown by a coup reads a CIA document from 1970. It is imperative that these actions be implemented kind Destinely and securely so that the US government and American hands be well hidden Two days after this document was written top CIA officials proposed a terrorist campaign to stun each other in people that were sitting a military regime Conquer giving tier cash canisters and gas mask working on obtaining machine guns reads a CIA memo Conservative Chileans argue that a coup was a hungro on affair, but anybody with a brain in acu larger than their penis realizes that's a laughable at best Though, and if you get well, we come back after the break or at least some time very soon I want to read this Robert Fisk article 20 or 30 times don't forget especially on the anniversary of 9-11 How freaking important it is not that i'm gonna change the world. I'm not turning like a male Randy road Even over her hearts and a right place and has good intentions think i'm gonna change anything on some little horseball sports station in Miami. I think it could happen But the Robert Fisk did we ever figure out how we're gonna get that on our website? No, I searched and couldn't find a free copy of it Now I can either because I checked bus flash and and smirking chimp and all these things all maybe we can get it from precious on passions today What it up, we'll check her out We have a snap Come on baby, come play with these titties. What minute you're in the club and everything's fine? Then it strikes The silent dance floor killers CRD Caucasian with him disorder. We've all seen someone displaying the classic symptoms the flailing arms the pastes skin and ability to find the beat Millions suffer with the shame and embarrassment of CRD, but we know Caucasian rhythm disorder can be cured You can help keep the beat alive call the center for rhythm disorders today and make your tax deductible donation That's one nine seven six off piece please Okay, hopefully send a bond to safe Love it on at five sixty wq a m now here it is the second anniversary of nine eleven We're talking about the great job or the horrible job joked in this summer We were listening to any of your observation of city here Randy and Rayby and there's one call on the board and it says Miami chronic me things Says us got probably one of those where Tyre one of those are maybe it's the whisper of the breed that heavy breather Let's find out well. Let's find out online six here's Miami hello. Hello sir don't retire Yeah, whatever happens. Okay. You're eight men. I'm it. Yeah, you have two letters on five six seven What? I mean the first two letters that I already said I'm it, but I know he met something else times you're it He was good and you see you thought he was a bad call. He was just want to call lick my cheeks a couple of times Let's run with that Scott right go answer one three that missed your hockey expert I'll take the calls you just relax your your hopeless study get your hockey handbook. I'll start doing a little studying. Okay Tell me about the poor assuming look aboard just sounding oh, please. We should take that little trivia challenge this morning Have you pardon. Yeah, you should have taped that that was really good Joe Bowen. Yeah, yeah Joe Bowen He's gonna be in gold a series tell me about who Joe is playing gold for at least. Oh brother I see you answer the phone. Why did you do that? He didn't take you seriously What a shmoth on to things two or three times. I see you're an idiot. You're an idiot. You're an idiot Okay, let me read this article and let's get serious these people got nothing to say Never gonna change is it? It is by the way you were wrong on Tuesday you people have voted nothing was gonna happen on the anniversary on level Look at all the stuff it's happened already right Got a simulating here's a kid playing a violin. Oh, hi, it's broken Sir on your way the one Detroit Oh, this ritual and all of this sign of dance this is not getting the job done This is not how you were honored the memories of the people who died We ought to be taking care of business and I got to story about how ABC once again once again Show that the borders are a joke for the second year in the row US government screeners failed to detect the shipping of depleted uranium and a container said by ABC news from overseas Is part of a test of security to American ports you can't complain about the security the airports and the ports because generally speaking there isn't anyway Then we got the air cargo this parts of it. I hit himself at a goddamn box in a crate Or there's so many lines you could use for that. You Maybe want to go home and pick cotton. I don't know that's the way we brought the black people over back when it was expedient Oh, I sure wish I had that thing from you got it there. I'm not gonna play it from bullying for colabine. You know that cartoon thing the brief history of America We do it's on a cassette it's on a cassette that's in the thing right there But it will you don't need to do it loaded up at some point you will Right probably you have right now. It's probably screwed up anyway. Robert fish writes in the UK and dependent Folly taken with scale we haven't seen since World War II When the attacks were launched against the world trade center in the Pentagon two years ago Whoever heard a Falugia or Hila when the Lebanese hijacker flew as plain in the grounded Pennsylvania Who would have ever believed the president George Bush will be announcing a new front line in the war on terror as his troops embarked on a hopeless campaign Against the guerrillas of Iraq Who could have ever conceived of an American president calling the world to arms against terrorism in Afghanistan, Iraq and Gaza Gaza, what did the miserable crushed Kruly and prison Palestinians of Gaza have to do with the international crimes against humanity in New York Washington and Pennsylvania Nothing of course Either does Iraq have anything to do with the 11th of September nor were there any weapons of mass destruction in Iraq any Elkai to links with Iraq any 45 minute timeline for the deployment of chemical weapons nor was there any liberation Know the attacks on 11 September. I've nothing to do with the rack neither did 11 September change the world President Bush truly manipulated the grief of the American people and the sympathy of the rest of the world's Winter do is a world order dreamed up by a clutch of fan fan Fantastic how do you say that fan resist advising the Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld Fan resist That's but Iraqi regime changes we now know as find as part of a pro wolf of its campaign document to the would be is really Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu years before Bush came to power It vigorous belief that Tony Blair should have signed up to this nonsense without realizing that it was no more or no less Then a project invented by a group of pro Israeli American Neo Conservatives and right wing Christian fundamentalists But even now we're fed more fantasy Afghanistan. It's American paid warlords raping and murdering their enemies It's women still shrouded for the most part in their burcas. It's open production now back as the world's number one export market And it's people being killed up to a hundred a week five American troops were shot dead two weekends ago is a success Something which measures Bush and Rumsfeld still boast about Iraq a mitten of gorilla hatred and popular resentment is also a way success Yes, Bush wants 87 women to keep Iraq running who wants to go back to the same you when he condemned as a talking shop last year He wants scores of foreign armies to go to Iraq to share the burdens of occupation though not of course the decision making which must remain Washington's exclusive imperial preserve What's more the world is supposed to accept the insane notion that the Israeli Palestinian conflict the planets last colonial war Although all mentioned of the illegal Jewish colonies in the West Bank and Gaza have an erased from the Middle East narrative in the American press It's part of the war on terror the cosmic clash of religious will at present Bush invented after nine eleven Could this wheels interest be better served by so infantile a gesture from Bush? The vicious Palestinian suicide bombers in the grow test implementation of Jews and Implantation of Jews and Jews only in the colonies has now been said in this colossal struggle of good against evil in which even aerial Sharon named as personally responsible for the 1982 sub-Ranjitila massacre by Israel's own commissioner inquiry is a man of peace according to Mr. Bush And new presidents are set without discussion Washington kills the leadership of its enemies with impunity. It tries to kill Osama bin Laden and Mullah Omar It does kill Uday and Kusay Hussein and both of its prowess and liquidating the al-Qaeda leadership from rocket firing drones It tries to kill Sodom and Baghdad and slaughter 16 civilians and admits that the operation was not risk free And Afghanistan treatment have now been murdered in the US interrogation center at Baghram We still don't know what really goes on of Guadalamo What do these presidents mean? I have a dark suspicion from now on our leaders our politicians our statesman will be fair game too If we go for the jugular why shouldn't they the killing of the UN Sergei Overe Del Melo was not I think a chance murder Hamas's most recent statement since they've been edited the Bush circus of evil We should take them seriously are now more than ever personally threatening Mr. Sharon Why should we expect any other leader be safe if yes, our airfathers driven into my Zaliyat again Will there be any restraints left? Of course America's enemies were grizzly bunch Sodom saw this country with the mass graves of the innocent Mullah Omar allowed his misogynist legions to terrified and tear society in Afghanistan But in their absence we've created banditry rape kidnapping guerrilla war and anarchy and all the name of the dead of 911 The future of the Middle East which is what 911 was partly about though. We're not allowed to say so has never looked bleaker and more bloody The US and Britain are trapped in a war of their own making responsible for their own appalling predicament But responsible to for the lives of thousands of innocent human beings cut the pieces by American bombs in Afghanistan and Iraq Shout down in the streets of Iraq by trigger happy GIs As for terror our enemies are closing in on armies in Iraq and are supposed to allies in Baghdad and Afghanistan Even in Pakistan We've done all of this in the name of the dead of 911 not since the second world war have we seen folly on this scale And it is scarcely begun Robert Fiskin today's UK independent. I sure wish we had a way to get that on our website But we can't find the other one should there will be a way maybe just not right now where does the will is a way right and Our courage in way. I mean, I'm gonna maybe read that again later on. I have to it's just that in good Too then good and probably I'll do a better reading And look at that look at the phone Yeah, there's not one call on the board screen list no less Screenless we're doing no less not one call on a board Why do we bring ceaseband into here the reflections of the public maybe they're observing a moment of silence Is that what it is a year of silence in south Florida a lifetime of silence a lifetime of indifference How did George do filling in the summer we're not even as emotional as they are on a pool and much less than now We got over 300 votes for you get them whipped up man Canada four votes how did George do okay? I listened 96 off a lifetop listening 74 week. I really listen 69 great job best ever 57 fabulous Time for Neil to retire eight that's what we got so far out of what we're 300 votes you got him up up man WQAM Yes, sir I felt the George did a good job meal I was listening to him over the weekend and he actually tried to do a radio show over the weekend Yeah, he's got a Saturday show. He was playing music. He thought he was a hedgehog Oh, this is Reverend Jones. You have any QAM Any idea? Pretty good listen Neil you're a little too smart to believe some of those things you read I know you really love what that guy just said that that story is just red but what part of it don't I believe? Well, not don't believe but you know he's this guy six and a night reach hour just writing about You know, I just in part part of what he did what I just read is incorrect Oh, that was just said there's what the trigger happy GI just blown people away for the good of it Did that happen Vietnam you damn right it did and there are a lot of people shouldn't have happened Listen, we're there and it's terrible and I nine eleven well, let me ask you this why are we in where are we where? Why are we in here sir sir why are we in Vietnam and why are we in Iraq? Well, we've brought up that that's good fall of Administration then in Vietnam we shouldn't have done that but that's what we prop up a group all administration in Iraq No, listen, it just happened Neil we just No, no, what they mean why why can't I have a conversation with people like you didn't we prop up a group all of Administration if that's the one you use and and Sodom Hussein and Iraq? Yes, we did Didn't we sell him chemical weapons and then we were about and then say nothing about it when he was gassing the curds Then we do that well, we don't have the certain things that didn't need to happen I understand the world more complicated than you try to make it out to be I see it's like Michael Moore you like that guy, right? You want to for president I thought bowling for column body was very good. I understand Sean has been as we did Well, let me ask you let me ask you this sir. Who do you think got a greater better grasp? Who's got a better intellect and a better grasp under realities of life in the world today Michael Moore or George W. Bush? I'll be Michael Moore and him is said, but I know okay. Thank you In a sense in a sense I mean, you know this guy is just getting all emotional. He's not saying anything. Not saying anything. Well, you know, we didn't Vietnam Yeah, we've put your people in Vietnam Thousands and thousands and thousands we brought 50,000 American kids home and body bags were bringing kids home and body bags right now not in those numbers yet Air-be-singled day Not to mention of course the fallout. We had the story on our website yesterday about the quality of the air in New York right On the former site of the world trade center and attracted the people breed them then and what they're still breathing in now and you can imagine about the The quality of the air in Baghdad and other parts of Iraq. We're not just talking about what's happening right now You know agent orange didn't want to kill him people in a couple of weeks It's the cumulative effect of these things, but this administration it doesn't care about any of those things because this like Robert fistend is said it's so well This was all planned before Bush even stole the election right by a bunch of right wing lunatics by a bunch of crazy people They stole it in a bloodless school a stole your government from your right and broad daylight and here's a guy rambling on well You really believe Michael more if I'm oh, you know when you're gonna get old brains So when you're gonna get a life When you're gonna stop with a partisan political horse crap because that's what it is in America's a much-o-horse crap And John Kerry's running around well, you know he didn't have any follow-through plan and Jew leverman's running around well If you were against the board then you're some kind of a pharbicin agoyo whatever he's talking these days, you know They're all full of crap Democratic Party is just his guilty. They said back and they like their rubber stamped all of this crap because they were terrified of the political Fallout Now that it's expedient that we're stuck at a quagmire and that people are dying every day innocent Americans now It's become fashionable only Howard Dean was the one from the beginning. He was said this is in infamy Or this is unacceptable It's all based on a pack of lies which it was Not even debatable anymore And here's colon pal with his bull crap about well we have these maps and he's holding up this stuff at the UN and then we're telling the UN that well If they don't go along with his resolution that they're gonna be just the paper tiger They're gonna be meaningless nobody will take them seriously and now we're going back again say hey can you give us a helping hand? Can you help us out of this mess? We got ourselves into full-time sake. Yeah full-time sake. I'm a Catholic And of course don't forget about that road man Oh 14 past 11 How about those ball games man? 14 past 11 at 5.60 WM. Hey how low can those interest rates go? I'm sure you're wondering that right now. Well Right as you speak the financial group is doing the limbo rock. They're sneaking under that free financing rate that was low before But they're sneak in a peak under it 1.95% is right now You can refinance your homer by a new home and get a super low 1.95% financing rate with our good friends at financial group calm toll free 1 899 for Oland That's 1 800 940 LND if you've been thinking about refinancing or buying real estate call the financial group at 1 800 940 Give an idea the kind of money you can save listen to these payment amounts if you have yourself a hundred thousand dollar loan You pay only 368 a month if you have a 200 thousand dollar loan your payments are only 736 a month even George can it well almost Half an actual group toll free at 1 800 940 LND and get the low amazing astonishing shocking rate that you've been searching and hoping and praying for 1.95% interest rates are at all time low so do the smart thing called financial group today hop on a van wagon 1 800 940 LND 1 800 940 LND the renequal housing lender credit restrictions apply rates up to change monthly 5.19 APR Hang in the butt honey are you sure Okay We didn't take their crap in Pearl Harbor when the jumps dropped their bonds We bummed them back and now the shoddies they hit us hard and on our cards are little flags wave As that's all you love and retired points of honors the wrong way we In the garden of USA What's a few thousand innocent lives stop living in the past? If you want that as you feed to drive, you're gonna need more gas. It's the greatest country in the world! They train us too, really. And then anyone who says that, obviously, And afford to be. And not embarrassed to be an America. Oh, where we take three object leaves, Where the flag and wood has, with our hand in the sand, And blindly follow the powers that we have a tent. Watching states from you who's on a 65-inch screen. Scratch your balls and five everything's okay. In the garden of USA, helpless America. Number 21, fun for the mindless. That's what it's all about. The mindless masses, asses. 560, pound 560, look at this, you have generated over 340 responses in an hour. That's what you do, pull us, but not. I think that's a record. I think that may be a post-Aleon record. Well, there's similarities. How did George do? He had a larger penis. That's what the al-Bella said. Yeah, they ain't seen nothing. They were yankin' it. How did George do filling in this summer? Can you imagine what it's like now? Now he's probably got an inny now. He's probably like, uh, George did okay. I listened 110. It was okay. Which is all you can ask for, okay? 110. Off-aligned stop, listening 83. Oh, good news. What's that? Not to mean interrupting, but this is really interrupted me. Damn it. Jim is offering to email the text of the article to Eric. Would you, could you please, Eric? Jim, please, Jim. Right? Right. Eric at NeilRider.com. Thank you, Jim. That's Eric, he, RIC. Eric, and NeilRider. Well, no, I mean, what does he know? It could be with a cave, like a Viking. There are people named Eric who spell it with a cave, okay? K. K. K. Now what's that just doing? I was reading a video. Here we go. Okay, listen 110. Off-aligned stop, listening 83. Week, I really listen 75. Great job. The best ever. Nice going, George 65. Familyless time for NeilRider. And look at how many we got on that. We got, yeah, probably rubber creeper-roated about five times. You little creep, creeper to creeper. You little scumbag you. See, I was thinking about that around now. It's 10. He just voted again. Out of 248. I was thinking about these similarities between Clarence and his little crew of sports nerd misfits. Clarence the beast and Robert Creeper. What do they have in common? Can't get laid. Why can't they get laid? Well, first of all, personality defect number one. Number two. At least that with women anyway. Homos don't do women. Number three, if you don't have a penis, it's kind of hard to get laid. No, it's just strapped on on. Maybe you want a low-clarence that big black piece that... Bro! We're so obsessed with it. Which one we got a couple? Oh, the one that's grand well. We're so obsessed with two. The one with the handle? She fell in love with it. And a woman at big plunger. 348 votes and let's see. And now the positive ones for you, 120, 287. So, negative, Torrey, 161. You're a little, or your head. Your head. Not by a lot though. It's nip and tuck. It's close. And of course the future of George's broadcasting career as margeables is hanging on his vote today. Absolutely. WQIM, hello. Yeah, and there, what's going on? How you doing, sir? Listen, man. Seven out of ten people will leave this autopsy saying, as I'm going to do with the world trades center. Right, because the public is stupid. I read it in either the Washington Post or the New York Times. I think we'll be able to look a couple days. Do you have a hand on our website a few days ago, right? On... Just based on that. Just that alone. I mean, you've got a pull of metal in your teeth to your hair, man. It's absolutely insane. Yeah, I'm spinning my wheels. I'm doing a Randy Rhodes hit. On... ...theelable. Right. I mean, I should just be sitting here and going, a little bit like that. They like that. I love that better. I don't know what to do, man. I mean, we can't break it or move. So, you can't put them anywhere. I think Toronosan's good. You have a thick expensive there though. No, it's not. Well, I have a Canadian dollar, Canadian dollar is only worth 73 cents per market. And so, makes it very affordable here. That's not bad. All right, we'll take care. I can get that off. Okay, we're going to... I'm trying to keep my head on it. What if they take their hand off the vacuum? You know, let me kind of steer my own path. Alges era errors purported been lodging tape. The audio tape says the real battle hasn't started yet. On the eve of the second anniversary of 9.11 attacks today, Arabic language news network, Alges era broadcast yesterday, and said, well, that new video. Oh, you know what? Other tape they showed yesterday, but if I can interrupt myself now, which I loved, I wish I had to take the audio of that. God, did you see what I mean? The cranking of Rumsfeld and the speech to the press club? No. You didn't see that? Oh, it was green. There were a couple of young ladies up there with huge protests sign about the blood bath and the racket about the soldiers that are dying. And he's in the middle of his speech, and she yells out, Mr. Rumsfeld, you're fired. And he looked up all like Starland. He started going off man and about you are a butcher and a murderer and American troops who died every day. And this is an illegal war. It was all based on lies. And they finally, of course, security. It took a little while. They were like upstairs. And the took security about 30 seconds to get up there. But yeah, they, on the city pulse here in Toronto, they showed the whole thing. Oh, you got to just roll a tape. Just keep on. I wish I had the, had the audio was fabulous. And then, of course, you know, trying to be the wise guy. He always is with the thing. And she probably, if I had to get dragged away and he looks at the creuse. Well, well, you know, and just picks up where he left off from the prepared text. How witty. It was a beautiful performance. I just gone sweet heart, whoever had you were. Naturally, they dragged them away in typical fascist fashion, just like a scene from the Vietnam era, the tricky dick all over again. And L.B.J. Anyway, Osama, let me read it again. I'm the even the second anniversary of our 11-Eurbit language news that were calzies or broadcast yesterday. What it said was a new video type of al-Qaeda leader. Osama, Yomama, been laden and his top-yepity radio voiceovers, urging Muslims that Iraq to devour the Americans. They're going to eat us. In the audio type accompanying the video of voice purporting to be that of been laden's chief deputy, Iman Al-Zawari, warning that, word that the battle with the US was far from over, and exorted fighters in Iraq to bury the Americans in the graveyard of Iraq. The purported voice of Al-Zawari was also saying the US is so far experienced just the first skirmishes and has not yet begun to realize the two volume of its casualties. Those fighters in Iraq would greet them and salute them and support them and ask God to bless their efforts in their bravery and fighting with crusaders. He said, we tell them, God is with you, and the nation is supporting you depending on where lie on God in the audio. It warned that the real battle hasn't started yet, prepare yourself for the punishment of your crimes. We recommend to the mothers of the soldiers if you like to see your sons, then hasten to ask your government to return them rather than coming back to you in coffins the voice said. 27 after 11 at 5, 60 WQM, if you're underpaid and overworked appreciate it like the US military, how do you like to have a new high paying career before the years end? Pick up that phone and call fast train toll free and change your life forever call 1-866-Fast Train. The demand for computer professionals continues to grow, there's no better time than right now, this moment to get you a new high paying career. Fast train offered job placement assistance can be a dating weekend schedules, and now they have six Florida locations a couple up in Tampa and four in South Florida, so there's gotta be one convenient to where you're hanging out. Fast train offers financial assistance for those who qualify too. Pick up that instrument right now, stick your finger in it and call fast train at 1-866-Fast train. That's 1-866-Fast train, or no it's used to stay in a crappy day-to-in job, working for peanuts for some smuck-like clearance at other day. Check them out of the way at thefastrain.com and call them toll free. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. This is course-win-u-fly city, you way am. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-533-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 2-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 2-866-Fast train. 1-666-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-766-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. 1-866-Fast train. Alright. 1132 at 560, WDQ. I'm speaking of. Alright. Jim Man is to one at two. Whatever the hell time is done. Two to four. Sam back in at time, we're going to get that nine to one that abortion that they had us for your nap that they settled us with. Shame on you, Greg. You idiot. You quizzling. Our Jim Man is to the fore. Hank Goldberg for the seven of a hover in the studio. Five to six, the Bino. Cook show. Don't ask me why. But Karen says a lot of people listen to that. Do you believe it? Did he really? That's what he said. They said they get big numbers. They checked out five to six when Bino was on. He said. He said he's a good man. People listen to that. Her Coon hotline from Tony Romas and a gevels seven to nine tonight with Josie and Don Bailey, Jr. and all those her cones silly people probably the beast to. He'll be over there sucking up some free food. That's love. Nine to two, a five hour short for any cake because the marons have a trample day off today before they come up against the graves tomorrow. Jo and Mark overnight to five is a lead into you know what. Absolutely. We'd want. Tony Facts. He says CNBC reported the Tuesday night that Bruce Bernie Ebers, who ran world com are born again Christians. World com he writes it. They thought that God would straighten out their mess. Well, how do you like that? Born again Christian. We're putting off the public. What a concept. I've been to Jim and Tammy Faire proud and Jimmy Swagger and Jerry Falwell. And all those are Charles Keating. All those are the phony balones and the Pope. All the other religious fakers. When is the public that awake up? And I'm sitting here on a sports station in Miami. Tuken my guts out. I might as well be talking to the guy. They have more except I'm getting paid a lot of money. I mean, what what it wants and all about healthy, you know? What is it all about? And there's Dumbo right there. Look at that. There's El Presidente, the Tenning Church Services. What do you do? I got news for her. We ain't got a prayer. That one him in there. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the AT&T. And Verizon world is not. We're doing screenless because Scott sent a lot of pressure. He's having an emotional breakdown. Trying to find out why bore you so many. And they give me crap this morning about the Panthers. They're going to do a run the Stanley Cup because they signed Joe Noondike. The Leaf Sign Joe Noondike. Okay, silly person. Silly goose. I have no right. No wonder our clearance to want to pay it. WQAM. Hello, I like the states of the meal. Go ahead. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Listen, I have a prediction about six months or so before the next election. Yes. That's what they're going to find. Adam has seen and been ladden. And maybe even some very weapons and mass destruction. Very treasure you. Yeah, yeah. Like that. And put us, you know, push to look good. Uh huh. It'll be a lot of people with BS again. And one other thing for your charity. I got a good thing that connects the money. Okay. Remember that all how do you do the puppet? Turing. You push the ambushes of puppet. You know, make put some string on one another. We just make it a Mr. Blaster with a bushhead on it sounds good to me. Remember Mr. Blaster? I think I have herpes. Okay, Mojus calm down. Okay. It's a family show we don't want to talk about earlier. Especially transmitted diseases. Okay. I think I have herpes. Okay. That's God punishing you for being a jets fan. Everybody knows everybody's on to him. They know he's to the whole family's got the green and white to just color painted on. You're full of nobody, Mojus. No, Mojus. Now, lie nine. What do you think that is, Scott? I just want to see if you're learning anything. Line nine. Could be somebody who's not genuine. You mean like you? Here's line nine. Scott says you're not genuine. Hey, Neil, how are you doing, buddy? Are you genuine? I am for real. Are you like a real living in breathing color on line nine? Let me mark this down. I'm keeping a diarrhea. By all means. Okay. I'll tell you what. I don't mess with politics or religion. So I have nothing to talk about there. What is session money, man? That's where it's said. Money in sex, sex and money. That's what I'm going to do. This has to do with sex. I actually am getting engaged here soon. I thought you had good news for us. Yeah, exactly. Thank you. Exactly. I know nobody's for it, but God knows. You got to do it sooner or later. Yeah. You know, I'll lose my dowry. What happened is the rings are ready today. And I was thinking about doing it tonight. And then I realized by listening to you, it's September 11. Would this be a good or bad thing? I could make it a happy September 11th. Or I would. I would screw my brains out with it without the rings. Or what are you kind of bringing your talking about? You know, I can't see. Yeah, I don't know. But it's it's about 10 grand. And I don't want to lose it over the weekend. Yeah. No, I go for it. I go for it. Because the waiting I go in right now, especially with these Nazis in here. You never know whether the weekend's going to be finished or not. So just do it. Okay. You have Bush is going to bomb us before we say bomb us. Do it until that thing falls off, man. It's my best suggestion for you. You got it, buddy. I'll work. You look here. All right. He's plugging it. He's plugging the gap. 560, 560, pound 560. Seriously, section money. That's where it's end. Of course, if you haven't got any money, then. What? You're me. What a great concept. What a concept. By the way, thanks to Jean for that. Thanks to you for I'm sorry. We did half an hour on hold. But it's way. It goes. I had a lot of important crap. I'm going to read that Robert Fist article again later in the one of clock. I'll do it. Let me forget. And I know it's not going to change a damn thing. And we will get it on our website. It makes us feel good. It makes us feel like we're doing something. Just like today's one I did the seven months without any phone calls. And I thought like I was doing something. I was a moron and idiot. So I think that might have been a format that would have worked. Like, you know, if we were on a bunch of stations, if they show us syndicated, like every other talk show has been America, it said that I got normal. Can't who's a silly person with his bottle head dolls. Who's an overgrown child. Let's see. Here's one that says that Democratic presidential ticket for 2000, unfortunately, Dean and Graham because of the only ones with balls to stick it to Bush PS. It says don't let Donat shalily hear that. Yes, she gets upset with what she hears about balls. She don't like balls. She likes breasts. And things like that. She said it's breast by test. So he has bitch Donat shalily. Let the U of M. Get out that whole episode is so, it's so unconscionable. It's so amazing. So I so unbelievable. But the president of the University of Miami raised this stink that we had to take the logo off a couple of billboards because it said WQM we've got balls, which is a line used by every sports station in America. I mean, you think we got anything original? No, of course, that we stole it from all the other guys from some other agency. And Donat shalily. On. The illegal probably busy would like to be waxing Janet Reno shalily right now. She's a makes a big stink about it. Get our name off the billboard. That's disgusting. We've got balls. That's gross test. It's absolutely. On. The illegal bunch of blue nose assholes at the U of M man. There to change the colors of you and from a group. And from a orange and whatever it is green. Just a blue as in blue nose or maybe brown eye or something like that. What a bunch of pink. Really seriously. Even if I broadcast those baseball games for about 100 years over to what? I learned. I really learned man. I got to see the inside of what that place is all about. The alumni and the blue noses in the just a whole operation. Nothing to make you pick your guts out. And then they're playing another girl school in football. East Carolina State Polytechnic Girl School for the Blind. A bunch of amputees there playing this weekend. What's the? Yeah, seriously. That's a kind of schedule they make up. Oh, we're number one. Look at it. And then the town's never going to change. It's still the same horseball place that always has been. I'm going to tell you right now. And I'm not pretending to be a Marlon's fan or baseball fan because I'm not. I could care less. But the fact that these guys had done the job that they've done. And they brought in this 90 year old manager Jack McKeon has come in here and done a hell of a job. And they're like 16 games over 500 and they're in leading in a wildcard race with only 15 games. The fact that they've done that is a major accomplishment. And I've got to tell me they're expecting 35,000 games for the Braves, which I hope a lot of those. And who's more going to be rooting for those games? By the way, Mr. Braves fan, which they already basically got the division. Plints. They don't need to win any of those games. He'd then well better be rooting for the Marlon's or we're going to root his ass out of town. That's a good. Ponto, ton'to. But if there's any empty seats in those games, that's going to be bogus. It's going to show up the town for what it is. They'd better be packed to the Raptors. Am I right? They better be packed to the Raptors. They better be packed to the Raptors. Yeah, screw you, Mo. You silly old goose. You nasty rotten anti-human piece of turd. God, how did we ever get settled with that thing, huh? Tell it, search. We're Mr. Weaselhead. How did George do filling in the summer? That's our pull question on eorogers.com. 401 votes in an hour and a 20 minutes George. We're going at a record pace here. Conceivable we could top 800 votes just during the show today on this pull. Let's how emotionally are about you. That has never happened. What? 800 during the show? I don't think so, maybe I may be, but I don't even know the alien days. I don't believe so. Is that? Yeah, see. 401 votes. How did George do filling? Okay, I listen. 133. Like I said, it just changed again. Out of 404. Three Mo. Uh, awful. I stopped listening. 99. Week. I wear a little less than 84. Great job. The best ever. 76. And five. Released it's time for Neil to retire. 12. 2.9% want me to retire. Okay, no problem. See, I'm figuring 150,000 listeners at 10 bucks a piece is a million and a half. So if you'll each contribute, 10 bucks a piece tax free is, you know, no problem. For the rest of my life. See, okay. I'm telling. I'll even share. I'll even share some of that since it's tax free. 2000. About 30 man. Yeah, I'll keep your life and maybe a few bucks for Scott too. How many bucks? About 30 man. Yeah, which is morning is making now. Yeah, I agree. It's 30 more than he's making now. Thanks to Ferris being in there. Hey, Clarence, you know, you put on a good act, but we know your puts. That's why that's why every. And what was it? It was 34C. It was for Elsa a girl from Detroit, like put his hand up her leg. Who are you? Talk to her. He really did that. That's what the story says. Yeah, it was a slack his ass down so fast. Get your hands off the merchandise. You little quizling. You little fairy. God. Who are you? You're just one thing about being in the APD's position. You're supposed to be at Andrew Ashenwood's. We had muff. And now we have Clarence. You see, you see a pattern developing here? No. When the time comes to have your carpets clean, you can go on. Open the LP. Just and take Russian. You know, play all kinds of games. Get ripped off or you can do the smart thing. Like I've done in my house for over 20 years. Call the best people in the universe. Except they are sensational. They're fabulous. What a great job they do for me, including I think about a month ago. Was there? And when I got home, I took a look around and I said, no problem. Same beautiful job they always do. Your carpets look and feel and smell just like brand new. At a fresh, of course, of the cost. They give you a written guaranteed price fee. Four days start the job. Soon after we're about getting ripped off. God concepts is offering a chance here during these final days of summer to say 15% extra on your next car per cleaning. Just call to our concepts at the usual toll free number. 800, 248, 5071 has to be put on our stand by list. Then right concepts will call you next time they've got an opening in their schedule. Just like when you fly stand by if you're available and they have an opening. They'll knock 15% off the price. So called right concept today has to be put on that stand by list. They may even have an opening for you. They call like today perhaps. And they give you 15% off the price of the job. And I guarantee you'll be amazed if you ever use these folks before. How stupid is your carpets? Look at that. They'll be drying a couple of hours. They'll smell them in a fresh and like I said, look like you had brand new lead right there on a floor. Call toll free 1800, 248, 5071 or check monorow worldwide wicked web at dryconcepts.com. My life is local. Here's sports video 560, you and you AEM. Radio men who shave their chest. Spray 3M to Mount Faker's. Trim their men with burning pain. So they can be. We pour a day with with place. A father hand. Spooned by lawnlamps. And a sluddy dress. A ragged on their cheeks. And body spray. Now they're ready to play. We pour a day. Some wake out in five and a half. You go hardly about the cloth. In the home of getting laid. So they can feel like we pour a day. Meeting friends at the capital ready. For the duty garland. We can have a day. We spent like this. So pen and faith. We can have a day. We pour a day. Okay. And have a five. A cross for a spell. Who shall take baby. I want to be your man. Perhaps a call. But the old cross plane. It should take you baby. I'll be the pre-morty day. Okay. Can this last macho Jack Bailey the former host of Queen for day on TV or Jack Bailey the hardest driver for in downs. Scott. Yes. It's 11 till do is. And answers now required. It's a rhetorical question. 11 till do the five 60 QM. And we're always talking about the old people in the bad driving. Yeah. Making drive throughs driving into buildings and pizza shots. Well, we're trying to even an hour little bit. Change it in a graphic. Palm Beach Post reports this from Tampa. Authorities said a toddler slipped out of his mother's locked motel room climbed into his family's car. And accidentally drove it through the rooms door and window. Oh. Rex Davis. Two. Was not injured in the accident yesterday morning. The Hillsborough County Sheriff's office at his mother Gina Hopkins was taking a shower at the red roof in when Rex left the room. It's almost unbelievable that a two-year-old could have done that. Said Hillsborough County Sheriff's Lieutenant Rod Reader. One detective dubbed him a little Houdini after the incident. Reader said while Rex's mother was showering the other's demands to get the car keys unlocked the motel room door. Go outside. Enter the unlocked car. Once he started the manual transmission view. This is a real scenario. Huh? It was a manual. Oh, that was the problem. Maybe he read about it in the manual. That's even tougher. Once he started the manual transmission vehicle, it lurched forward about eight feet crashing through the door and window from 133. Reader said Hopkins had left the car in first year he said. Reader said nobody was in room with the time no one was heard. Reader said a motel employee saw Rex time out of the passenger side of the car. The accident caused about two-granda damage to the motel. Reader said Hopkins declined comment. Kelly Johnson spoke to him for the Dallas-based red roof in chains said motel officials won investigate the accident. Decide whether anybody should be reliable for monetary damages. Right now we're just thankful nobody was heard Johnson be saying. She said watch out for your Johnson. The child was well cared for. The door was locked and the mother has to take a shower. Sometimes she said she did everything right she just has a very percosis child. Two years old, can you imagine about the time he's about ten? What a talent. He'll be stealing Janet. We know his a Mac truck. A little red truck, poor Janet. Poor Miss understood Janet. By the way, Eric is the bad. He continues to amaze and astonish me. I just checked our website. The Robert Fist stories already up on there. All right. How do you like that? It's the lead story on thearages.com. Folly taken with scale we haven't seen since WWE 2. I mean, he laser right out there for it. It doesn't pull any punches. It's right there for you. I'm going to read it again in the one to two hour. Excellent. So sick and tired of all this propaganda. They certainly not news network. And MSNBC would have flags in their pom-poms and the pictures on the wall in his glorious operation Iraqi freedom and all that other bull crap. Stop the lies already. You people in the meeting make me sick. Make me sick to my stomach. Dean takes slightly higher will pull a shot. Come down a little bit. I think just a little more. I just ton a ton of fun. How are Dean is taking a slightly over dick. Have heart and a pull of those likely to attend the Iowa Democratic caucuses. Giving the former Vermont Governor and Advantage in the two states with the first presidential contest is January. In Edo. Dean was 203%. Gav Hart, Missouri Congressman 17%. John Kerry who looks really scary of Massachusetts 11%. In the Iowa poll conducted by Zagby International. A third 32% were on the side of all the other candidates in single digits. What's in your these numbers? In New Hampshire by the way, which holds its primary week after the January 19th Iowa caucuses. Dean holds a big 12 point lead over Kerry. Dean's been drawing big crowds and values around the country raising millions of dollars. And aggressively buying TV ads in the early states. In the Iowa poll. 6% of those likely to attend the caucuses chose North Carolina Senator John Edwards. 4% Connecticut Senator Jew Lieberman. Oh, I wonder without his titses. And 2% Ohio representative Dennis Cassinich. Florida Senator Bob Graham. Carol mostly brown and retired general Wesley Clark each had 1% Clark's expected to decide soon. Whether he'll enter the race and. I don't see a disaster. I don't want to go through the other numbers. Speaking of the West Lake Clark. Here's the interesting part. Okay. For anybody who might care. Democratic presidential candidate Howard Dean is actually tired. Army general Wesley Clark to join his campaign. If the former native commander does not jump into the race himself next week. And the two men discussed the vice president see it a week in meeting in California. The sources from anywhere the discussion said. Clark and until a few yesterday said he didn't want to comment about the private meeting. Asked about reports that the two men of discussed the wide range of issues. Including endorsing Dean joining campaign. Possibly roles in the demonstration of his presidency. Said only it was a complete tour of the horizon. Leader and advisory advisor quoted Clark is saying I have only one decision to make. Well, I seek the presidency. I think that ticket can't lose Howard Dean Wesley Clark. First day after Wesley Clark was so strong. I meet the press several weeks ago because of your strong. I meet the press. You know what I'm saying? Did you see that show? You made him. What's redden pasty in Irish? Which he is? He's redden pasty in Irish. Tim Russell. Nice to meet you. So there you go. There's the possibility. There's you in the president president. Dean. No kind of Jimmy Dean. Or Timmy Dean or even dizzy Dean. This is very disturbing the story from ABC. And let me say it again on the day when everybody's like waving a flag. And we're hearing all the names red. You know, that's all well and good. You know, we're big on ceremonies on ceremonial crap. But in the meantime, how about taking care of business? Right? That's what we ought to be doing with all that money that we're wasting over there. And I reckon that guy that was pumping and stumbling around there called me earlier, I know you believe some of the stuff you read. No, I read it because I don't believe it. Because I'm a fanaticist like it says in there. How could you only read stuff you agree with? Yeah. Oh, that's cute and more cartoons from our friend. They're just calm down, Jean. Here's a fact that says from Josh. Says the thing that really frosts my ass and I can't recall anyone else bringing this up is the fact that Bush is using these tax cuts to pay for his reelection bid. Economies in the crap are in his douchebag thinks he's going to stimulate it by giving rich bastards who spend as much money as they already want more money? Unlike Bush, Carl Robes, no more on. He knows that those rich bastards are going to donate a good portion of their booty, in other words, tax cut, right back to George's reelection campaign. And then it says no George, you cannot frost nor eat my ass. No worries. No worries, Josh. As far as George is some of a performance review, I'd give him a grade of B as in bogus. No, B as in better than nothing better than tape. Spooker as in bigger. Not bad. Most of the time I enjoyed listening to him, his best day was the one where he was going to be. He was going to be a good guy. He was going to be a good guy. He was going to be a good guy. He was going to be a good guy. He was going to be a good guy. He was going to be a good guy. I enjoyed listening to him. His best day was to be a good guy. He was going to be a good guy. One of the colors that I got to go to to the meeting and all that. And I made for some great radio. What was that all about? I forgot what it was about but I wasn't going to say anything because I was afraid that someone might get pissed off. And that it occurred to me that I'm going to be far, or at the end of your contract. Any ways to who cares? Yes. In the meantime, we got three years plus to go. How long did they make your contract full? I got another two years and change. It was three years in February I think. I see well, I think I'm March 1st of that last year. That's a good time for me to hang it up and retire retire And all these people all these negative triassels out there to ones who claim to hate the show to ones who listen to hang on every word that I say every single day on a 20 days a year that I work Huh, what are you gonna do then huh? We're smarty pants. Oh, you're a luxury people. What are they gonna do then fire? They're gonna be praying. They're gonna be begging me to come back. They're gonna be bringing bags of money to my house Only problem is I won't be there, right? I'll give you a PO box Cash small bills taxed free tax exempt like the Pope 150 votes say you are okay. I listen. That's a little over third out of four four looking at number four four four four And you know something that this really is a staggering rate of which these votes be pouring in Cuz we didn't start to like about a quarter after 10 20 after 10 with this new pool right So it's not even so that even close to two hours yet and we got four four four Okay 150 awful. I stopped listening one oh seven week. I really listened 93 great job best ever 78 fabulous time for near-to-reciar 16 No, sir last numbers. Speaking up there. No, it's nicken and I'll see speaking numbers a 2003 new largest blowout sale going on right now in Aleppo on the XC my friends Tom Lamin and Joe creator Or their have a model when it out blow it out here's Neil the number one say up to seven grand $7,000 with a high-stri-bait to the earplus deep deep discounts weighed on a dear pants Neil the number two gets 0% financing from to five years and listen to this least us 2003 grand-cree GT 2 for only 279 bucks a month with 36 months with 12,000 miles a year and 2000 bucks is all you pay out of pocket. It's also got great deals on you constantly at least two Tom and Joe and by should a test drive any vehicle and a lot and get you two tickets to say Saturdays hurricanes East Carolina again hurricanes against the girl school hurry and because supplies are limited and of course, how it continues to have the best-lustian town of certified pre-owned cars truck SUVs depend of a dependable vehicle that you can count on and speak on a counting on you can count on the fact that you'll get a deal made over there even if your credit record isn't perfect because they're not picky and how They want to cut you deal. It's the 2003 blowout sale going on right now as I speak at our friends Halipotti, KGMC 13411 South Dixie Highway that's US one across from the falls. They're legendary They've been doing people right for 35 years plus in South Florida open every day seven days a week too For more info on these great Neil deals right now called the Neil deal hotline tool free at one triple eight five three four Forty two eleven that's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven no forget all Neil deals Subbed to credit to publicity our buddies at Haliport details at Halipotti at KMC you'll agree with me They really are professional great This is�� phase Made and Oh We I'll kiddo won't be finished until we blow up Pakistan. All right, we could chase around forever. That's your looping with our tanks and all our troops. Special forces are so tired of jumping through the emboos. It's only need another play. So let's cut out all the nonsense. Enbo blow up Pakistan. Okay. It's how played I need a nuclear tank. Why don't we stop for seafood? Enbo blow up. Pakistan. Jeffery on. I feel Canadians. 12.35.60. W.Crim, a.J.K.S.S. He knows nothing. He's absolutely illiterate when it comes to hockey. And we're sad about that. We are delighted over the fact that he isn't a sports nerd. We're thrilled with that. Yeah. Aren't we George? Well, I'm not so sure. What do you mean by that? Maybe he's a wannabe sports nerd. Oh, no. We don't want no sports nerd or you don't want to be sports nerd. There's that fat hit at Jerry Nothman on MSNBC with Lester Hold. I do like Lester Hold. I mean, he doesn't really say anything, but he just got it great. Stentory and voice. You know, he commands respect because he's got, you know what I mean? He's got a good presence. He's got good presence. All of George does give good presence. I usually just give him a way though. Right. This is very disturbing. From ABC News, no less. Mr. Breach questioned Mark has custom spails to detect depleted uranium again. For a second year, US government screen has failed to detect the shipment of depleted uranium in a container sent by ABC News from overseas. As part of a test of security to American ports. Did they pass the test? I think this is a case in point which established the soft underbelly of national security in homeland defense in the US. Said Senator Diane Feinstein, a California, California, who's been urging the Bush administration to do more to enhance port security. The ABC News test was criticized by officials at the Department of Homeland Security, who was signed agents at least four cities to investigate ABC personnel and news sources involved. I think you're a news reporter who's trying to carry out a hoax on our inspectors, Homeland Security Assistant Secretary Assel Hutchins until Brian Ross. ABC News has received investigative correspondent for report to be broadcast today on World News tonight and prime time Thursday. The ABC News project involves shipment of Los Angeles of just under 15 pounds of depleted uranium, a harmless substance that's legal and important in the US. The uranium in a steel pipe with a lead aligning was placed in a suitcase for the shipment. If they can't detect that, then they can't detect the real thing or explain Tom Cochran, a nuclear physicist at the natural resources defense council, which lent them a Turala ABC News for the project. Cochran said the highly enriched uranium-euthrenuclear weapons would would slightly thicker shielding give off a signature similar to the depleted uranium in the screen devices, currently being used by Homeland Security officials at American ports. The ABC News suitcase containing the uranium was placed in a Tic trunk along with other furniture, put in a container in Jakarta, Indonesia, a city considered by US authorities to be one of the most active Al-Qaeda hotspots in the world, the container was shipped to LA and laid July just the week before the bombing of Jakarta, Mary-Out Hotel, the Koefung people. Homeign security, Secretary Tom Regis claimed major improvements in port security in part because of enhanced vigilance overseas, so that our borders become the last line of defense that our first line of defense were sent to speak last week. He said the US was increasing security thousands of miles away long before our containers first loaded on a ship. But in Jakarta, ABC News producer is David Scott and Rhonda Schwartz. I found that the chest in which they had placed the depleted uranium was never open to inspected before being sent on the LA. How do you like that? I took as only a few days to find a ship or willing to send a container to America with almost no questions asked, said Scott, we didn't tell a company about the depleted uranium said Schwartz and they never asked. Don't ask, we won't tell. The ship was handled by Mayor St. Lord Gisley's part of the giant Mayor's shipping company, based in Copenhagen. Have we been in Copenhagen? Nope, I love Copenhagen. To the Danish? A Mayor's company official said that procedures do not require the agents to inspect containers loaded outside of the pure area. Mayor's provided what it calls door to door service, which allowed the container to be loaded in a furniture store. We rely on screening government authorities to validate shipping content say Mayor's security official John Hyde. In a statement, Mayor said the ABC News find is encoded to investigate and review its procedures overseas. Thank the Lord. Any important deviations from formal procedures will be rectified immediately. The statement said for the more security procedures will be reviewed again in order to evaluate with any other adjustments could be. Because they got egg on their post there and they're asked, okay, this is the kind of security we got. And we're spending billions and billions every day in sacrificing human lives in Iraq. We're fighting a clawed reins the invisible man in Iraq. And yeah, then we got the traveling man. Charles McKinley, a relation to William McKinley. How's William McKinley doing? What do you feel then? But not Chuck, Charles McKinley, he showed him what a bunch of assholes they are. A man who dodged a $240 round trip airplane ticket by having himself thrown to Texas in a crate. And his help critics of the nation's aviation security dramatically illustrate their concerns. Hand himself shipped in a crate. Charles McKinley, 25 of the Bronx, New York, was discovered Saturday morning inside a crate being delivered to his parents home in the Soto, Texas. Delivery driver Billy Ray Thomas of pilot air freight, told police he was unloading a crate. When you notice eyes looking in and from between the slats in the cargo crate, startled by the door for the greatest rate to find a body startled. Yeah, can you imagine? No, not really. Crack my pants. Would you really? Well, take about it. I'll be damned. McKinley emerged. Thank Thomas for delivering when it's at the home. Thank you. Pleasant trip. Thomas reported the incident to the Soto police. The officers discovered that he was wanted in Dallas County in two counts of theft by Chuck and one traffic violation. As of Tuesday afternoon late, McKinley remained in the Dallas County jail. The crate was flown from New York JFK to Dallas for worth and the pressurized cabinet of a Boeing 727 freighter by Kitty Hull. TSA spokesman Mark Hansfield said his agency, the FBI and law enforcement officials in Texas and New York are conferring about what charges to file against. And privately officials said it's not very broke any federal laws. McKinley could be prosecuted for fraud in New York. He charged the shipment of the crate in which he had hit to his employer. 550 bucks the AP reports. This is just one more proof that we don't have a clue what's in our airplane. What's in our airplane said aviation consultant Michael Void. While passenger security measures have improved since 9.112,0001, Critters like Void say air cargo needs more attention. Let's don't get carried away. People don't ship themselves every day is very dangerous. The guy's lucky to be alive, Boid said, but it does show that the backdoor of the airport is wide open. We're no more safe than we were two years ago. That's why airports around the country are just like clearance. Their backdoor is open. Hatfield says the incident validates the emphasis we're not putting on cargo operations for the past month. Several TSA tiger teams made up a former CIA and FBI agency. We'd have members of the military special op units have tried to beat security procedures in the cargo rampor as of as the airports. He said the teams had to report to TSA chief James Lein or Locktober and bring him the bad news. I mean nothing is perfect. Okay, there's too many people, too much stuff going through you know. But it's it's a joke. It's a dog and pony show just like I told you back in the months right after 9.11. It was a dog and pony show. They're putting on a good act for you. Oh yeah, we're really working for you man. We're going to secure you when I can let any of these things happen again. The loyne. Absolute bolloni. How's George doing on there? Well, I'll take a peek on here. See how we're doing with that, especially adding so much how you're doing. Form to need two votes. We're going to go over 500 votes in two hours. 18 more to 500. That is impressive. How did George do? And every time we take a poll that has anything to do with you, we always get this phenomenal response. If only they liked it. Yeah. Oh, no. And you know what? Same with Mo. I'm sorry that was a shot. But I mean same thing. Good from Edis respond. But he doesn't even hold a candle. Absolutely. He would like to. I don't know. I don't know. I don't want to tell you. I like to burn off your foreskin with one. 482 votes. How did George do? Filling in the summer. I want some way to do it. Okay. I listen to 161. It's almost exactly a third. 33.4% point. You couldn't do better than that. You turned. Wow. Off will I stop listening. 118. That's almost a quarter. 24.4%. Week. I rarely listen to 100. 20.7%. Great job. The best ever. 86. Almost 18%. Fabulous time for Neil to retire. 17. 3.5%. How to 42. How much when I repressed that we're getting really close to 500 now. I have a feeling and a bit of my stomach that it's going to be shocking. 47. Now see. 4. 87 vote. On the emotion. Draining. George. That's because of that eating. That's when you start getting all whipped up into a frenzy. I mean the swing clubs. That was yeah. That was okay. But once. Once. We discussed it once. You discussed it in college. One of the only. Only. Only once. Because they. It's course. The end of the band. It's course. When the BSO starts shutting them all down or rating them. That's when it's course. The answer. If it was up to George or be a swing club in every street corner. Oh, it's only. And the only I could go. I'm not going to do something. I got there. I've got there. I've got there. I've got there. I've got there. I've got there. If you're on the paid overworked under appreciated. How do you like to have a new high-pain career. Before the years in. I bet you would say yes. When you're just. George Wood. He's sick and tired of working for Pino. But he'll take it. Pick up the protocol. Fast train toll 3 at 1 866 past train. They can have you train in certified before the end of this year. Even though it's already almost a middle of September. September. The demand for. I say I know my months. I know my numbers. I don't speak in a while. They're language. But I know some meaningless words. The demand for computer professionals continues to grow. There's no better time than right now. To say good body or boss in your crappy dead and meaningless job. And get you new high-pain career. Change your life for serious. For the better. Fast train offers job placement as systems convenient. Evening weekend schedules. And now with six floor to locations and four in south Florida. This is about to be when close by you. And don't forget fast train offers financial assistance for those who qualify. So if you'd like to get more info and if you really would like to make an effort. To change your life and get you a real income. Here's a chance to do it. Call 1 866 fast train. That's 1 866 fast train. There's no excuse to stay in that crappy. Meaninglessly dead end job one more minute. Check them out of the web. Fast train. Comment and make that call even waiting and thinking about do it today. 1 866 fast train. That's my life. This is 4256. You ready? Yeah. Never else we go. What do we got? All kinds of things. All kinds of crap. All kinds of best deal stuff. And a benefit demand and prep rescue. All proceeds. We got 20,423 yesterday. It's pretty lame. You consider 10 grand of that as mine. That's pretty weak. Pretty weak guys. Let's get with it. Hop out of our website, Neil Rogers dot com. Or to the stuff today. Look at that. We're over 500 votes in about 2 hours. Are you ready for that? I guess I have to be. 509. 509 is the George Polk continues. You're listening. You're response from the public. The likes of which has seldom been seen in a place where people have no passion for all of us anything except early bird dinners and freebies. But also for little George. There's that fat Jerry Knothman again. Up to $1 billion. Oh, they just can't get his fan ass off at our NMS NBC. Well, it probably works cheap. 509. George did okay. I listened to 100 and 70. Off a lifestop listening. 127. Week. I really listened to 106. Great job. The best ever 89. And fabulous time for Neil to retire. 17 out of 509. So let's, let's, let's add them up. Let's see. 106. 266 positive. Got it. 276. Got it. Negative. 132. 33. Sorry. I think you're part of. You're part of. Yeah. Yeah. I feel an emotional. You're trying to like a phoning up the numbers. One two. And what did I say? 276 to 233. I got a listen. Don't mess with me with math. Okay. One thing my feeble mind. But the still loses the numbers. Oh, wait. I don't want to do. I see a good number. I know it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. On the AT&T. Like I've told you so many times when I see a flaming queen. I know it. Okay. Where'd we go? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT. Oh, by the way, case you're curious. Americans are flying today. It's slightly lower than usual numbers. But not like any drug yet to drop off. Okay. Okay. I'm just passing that line. It was just on the blurb there. And the bottom of the screen, which is where we're supposed to be fixated. You know, to see, oh, and also they're warning that there may be because of the tape, the Osama Yamama tape and the coincity of the 9, 11, 9 of the anniversary. There may be a tax against US interest abroad. The only thing I'm thinking was like in Europe on in Britain. I was like 5, 20 and the afternoon on the ameneland. It's 6, 20. And of course in Asia, it's just even later than that. Two of them saying. Hmm. So I'm not saying that it can't happen. But it's getting little late. It's getting little late. It's getting a little late. Better hurry. They better hurry up. Now don't be saying crap like that. Okay. Now you're going to get like Scott for well. And you're going to get everybody. You're going to fall up. I'm going to shave. Right. I mean, what else do you say this morning? I don't even repeat it. I don't want to be here. And the beast is in it. Oh, is that bad? Is that bad? Oh, yes. No, this beast was a bad. Think of it. WC, I am. Hello. Speaking. Hey, now. How you doing? Well, first thing is morning, you know, you get any data with the whole American flag stickers and everything. And it just kind of interesting to me that, I mean, I don't want to preach to the choir, but you get this. We will never forget or remembering. And it's what I have, everybody. What are you remembering? Because nothing has changed since this happened. Right. And today, I mean, I probably look like a schmock, but I took a point to you, sure. I just wrote on it. You know, 9, 11, 2 years later, no answer. No justice. No weapons and mass destruction. No Osama. Wake up American and peach bush. Oh, right. Excellent. I love it. You know, I mean, I might look like a schmock, but I'm serious. Nobody's asking the questions and, you know, what? I'm, I'm, I'm turning blue on the face. And you just said something really interesting about the times on differences and where we're about American interests abroad. There's the thing that we kind of slide into into the media real quietly and happens in every aspect, that we're shifting the world like the United States is the world. And the United States is not the world. And we do that. It's 9, 11 over here and it's 12 o'clock in the afternoon. That means it's 12 o'clock in the afternoon everywhere. It's not. Yeah. Well, most of the American people are very myopic. They live in this little, this tiny little existence of theirs. And most of them don't even really know, well, forget about going other places. They don't even know where to find them on the map. You know, it's, I'm here. Like I said, I just want to let you know that, you know, there are a few rational people out there and, and I don't care if I look stupid or people want to come ahead off. But hopefully just one person understands that are released, which is get upset about something that you might say, and we can investigate it themselves. The answers are out there. Right. And, you know, what, a year ago, I thought there's no way that Bush is going to lose this election and I'm blown down hope. It might happen. I think it's looking really strong, man. I mean, as long as you can, we can keep on taking the dump like it is. We might have a chance because, you know, the bottom line is still money. Right. Good job, pound. Keep it up. Bye. Thanks. I think it's a good cause last couple of days. I was good. I like that. I like that a lot because there are people out there with an RQ larger than their knee cap and they go, they just think they realize they're not fooling everybody and a pull numbers can to you dropping like a rock, like a rack. Oh, no, seriously. It's, it's just, you can fool people for so long. But when you cut when you concoct this whole scenario, all based on a pack of lies, and it can be so easily shown that it was all bull crap. And here's colon, Paul. You know, the highly respected colon, Paul with his very light complex, you know, sitting there with the you went and he's got all these documents and all these photos and all this other, it's all full crap. Where is it? Where was it? Hans Blitz said yesterday, it looks like what the Rackies told us in the first place was right. There were no goddamn weapons to mass destruction. They couldn't find any. We aren't finding any. Crine out loud, March April, May, June, July, August September already. They haven't even had any time. They've been able to concoct any yet, much less find any. And at bull crap of a Tony Blair, or the 45 minutes, they're going to be here, and they're not going to intend down the street with their way. They're gas. They're going to give us the gas. You got gas already, Tony. I guarantee you, it's passed a lot of gas these days. You know, all those British with a diathlete would all as crap. They had the bangers and mass and spotted dick. You can only imagine the kind of rank gas they're passing over there in the UK. Don't leave out the toad in the hole. Look out for that baby. I hear it's a buffalo. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT. It's, you know, you don't know where the laugh are quite because it's so predictable. You know what was going to happen? They were talking about it before the show this morning. They're all waving flags. They got the ceremonies and the kids are reciting the names. It's just another, you know, another exercise in being a sheep, being a professional sheep. And you got a small percentage of the public. But, 30 men. Lot less than that. You realize that only like 23% of the American people got a passport? No, no, no, no, no, no. I did not know. When I, you know it. Plus than a quarter of the people in this country in America, so I keep saying this country. Excuse me. I've got a passport. Which means that 77% don't go nowhere, you know? They're idealock and sound for it. I mean, if we go to Fort St. Lucy. Oh, oh, man, that's a big outing. That's a heavy duty trip or trip to the keys to go get dry. If you really know, you need to go to the keys to get there. Can you tell me why anybody goes to the keys? I think you can tell me Buffett go get drunk. And she's burger and pervice. And I'm going to show you how stupid the American public and immediate how continues perpetuating it. What do you think they were talking about on crossfire yesterday? Which I watched about 10 minutes of and I don't know why. You have the democratic debate. They asked them their favorite song. I mean, what a brilliant question. Yeah, what's your favorite song? Turkey's strong. And so then on crossfire, they're talking about this. And there's a little mother Tucker Carlson with a stupid ass bowtie. And that tag he looked on his post. And he's going to what about you. And then he's telling about how he's a big jury. What's your call? Greatful dead fan Garcia. If he would have said, Jerry Garcia, then say, hey, at least he's got some good taste. But in Jerry's. The jury Garcia. That's taste. And then there's a little BD Advave Graham talking about Jimmy Buffett. At that point, it says, well, no, what do we got? 10% Jimmy's Buffett. What is cheeseburger and paradise. And so they're asking like, there'll be they're going to a break. And they're asking the audience to vote. They had these little electronic things now for audience participation. They cut this joke out in 20 minutes. What do you think President Bush's favorite song is? And at that point, my dial change. So goddamn fast. You couldn't say crack. You couldn't even take one. You ready for that? What do you think President's favorite song is? Yellow stripe of Texas. Yeah, something like that. I think it's the twisted cross of Berlin. 560, 50560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. 26 past no. We got the mad dog coming up into. We got a pretty pristine schedule today. We got the hopper in the studio. Hey, stupid. We're going to be all cooked. I beg your pardon. Joe Rose in it too today. Line my finding this out now. Is this another clearance thing? Is that what this is? Another piece of clearance is ineptitude. What happened to that child? He was really doing it. Man, he was on top of it. If I can say that. And I think he just slipped right off. He seems to be just coming apart if the scenes that little appearance. Well, maybe he had a big macatak. Bracom. Attack. Maybe that's why he's coming apart if the scene. So Joe Rose for the mad dog at too. We don't want to get the mad dog working too many days. Then you have to lay off for tomorrow game yesterday as I recall. Nice going mad dog. We like it. Oh, right. More pay. If you want to see the best in horse-free, Soundlecasting. Here's where you ought to be watching it and plunging on it. Pompito Park on a strike. Pompito Park is open seven days and nights a week between the best and harness. Thurbrit in the highlight action from all across North America. Feed a watch and plunge your guts on. And general parking and admission always for you too. Enjoy plenty of free seating. Hundreds of TVs to view your favorite track from. Or you can get a private box seat with your own TV monitor for just two bucks. And it's all done in a smoke free environment. If you're really lucky you'll go there on the day when the fat rich is there. And you'll try to hide lost 300 pounds just this week. Come watch and wait you this Saturday, September 13 on the $500,000. Maple Leaf tried in Mohawk Raceway here in Toronto, eh? Or the $0 million Orange and Blue stakes night at Belmore Park in Chicago. You ever been to Belmore? No. Don't. And don't forget racing fans pop at a park. I'll be back connection with the start of their 40th anniversary season of Great Live Harness Racing starting Friday, October 10th, I can't wait. It's Bruce Ranger on the outside. Here comes Brian Sears and here's Kevin Wallace. Stay controlled on the inside. Hit him again, Kevin. And there's Wally Hennessey. The dog little longer to the back of the pack. And round, brainer not there 15 yards in the center of the race track. Pomp and O Park are blocked. Do you have any idea what I'm talking about? Good. No. Pomp and O Park are blocked out of the Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for Daily Sarmel Casting Race Schedule Call 9-5-4-9-7-2-2000. Or check them out on the way for the full schedule at Papa A Pomp and O Park, Pomp and O Park. Pomp and O Park, Pomp and Good Pick. Dot com, by the way, who drove Pomp and Good Pick? Scott? Joe Marth Jr. By the local V6-5-6-3-8, the Rears-O-Nors. Pomp and O Park! Pomp and O Park! Who guys fallen baby? Maybe those mirrors. Pomp and O Park! Pomp and O Park are retarded girl in our own. Who wishes to be hated, show you and will in your eyes. Pomp and O Park! Pomp and O Park! Pomp and O Park! Pomp and O Park! Pomp and O Park! Our agency thought this would ruin some product out of the showroom. Look at her girl. This is funny you're watching Rears-O at the Park. If someone that's a dearly retarded can have a much money to do this. You're a great target! She's having a lot of things to do! 1233-560-WCM-27 to one. Living in a park, a pop-alistic fear. Pop-alistic fear. Pop-alistic fear. I hate when they do that. That's what the Toronto Star says. Tim Harper to Washington, Burst, says two years on the shock has dissipated. The memories more distant put the fear remains. Oye! Pull after pull released on the eve of today's second anniversary of the terrorist strikes on New York and Washington. Pipe Americans more fearful and fatalistic than they were a year ago, but they need to honor the victims to the recurring vision of another attack. Everything else which spiked upward in the immediate aftermath of 911 in the 2000-month suicide hijacking support for the government, returned to religion even in trust in the media, has returned to pre-attack normal. Everything but the new normal says, Carol Dordi of Pew Research Center, the prevalent view in this country is that if they can strike again anywhere any time and the government can't stop it. How come I can't say that all of a sudden? The apocalyptic fear is definitely here to stay at least before a sea of blood future. Pop-alist. It's like they move to Hadeen. A bigger part. That fear returned yesterday when the urban TV channel Alts is here to show that video tape of Osama Yamama and I'm in Alzzawari. Who vows to bury American troops in Iraq. If Americans are fearful, says Harper's Magazine at your Lewis Lap, a made leading American cometheter, it's because they're being sold fear by the government of George W. Bush. Pretty well, all the Bush administrations got going for it now is this foreign war left, and said fear was something that the administration had been selling for two years. You sedate to pop at us with a drug of fear, and maybe the electorate won't notice what a mess you've made, not only of domestic politics but also of our international relations. In order to conceal disguised rest up their own incompetence, they beat the constant threat of war and fear. How do you like that? Yeah. I'm just like asking you along for you to... By just speaking of the prison to law, yes? Look at Book of Brown Pression on the forces. We're responding in Afghanistan to remove the Taliban and put al-Qaina on the run in a matter of months. You're fired! You're more policy is based on rights. The border act is unjust and guilty of the occupations in war. We're not going to go inside in a war. We're not! We're not! We're not! We're not! We're not! We're not! But then they come and go. Tell the president to come and go. Maybe they don't want it. Hey, have a little while you're gay. How many should we do today? How many of them are there? How many of them are there? How many of them are there? How many of them are there? I love it! See, guys, how many of you say? How much you can have seen it? They drag them off. I mean, really, drag those girls off at her forceably. Where they are? I don't know how warma was inside the... It was probably loud hotter when it... Actually, the one was pretty good. We'll get for her. Yeah, that's all. The first two was... Well, the biggest boob was down around a podium. And he had this, like, during a headlice kind of work. They wanted... I'll present it to you, usually, has you know, when he... Because you know whether the screamer ate their banana. I think they came in from the banana bar. But at any rate, there you go. I'm in Poker-Brangar. Thank you, Poker, you're the best, as usual. That's your audio from yesterday's rum spell, speech of the press club in DC. And these... Your pro testers came out. I don't know how they... Spockle that sign in. They had a huge sign. I wore anti-blood bath sign. That was great. It could've been a little played that about... How many times did I... About 30 men? I love it. Absolutely, love it. More and more, you're starting to see the rum bling. Okay, this is only the beginning. It's just a little... Yeah, I'm just like, gonna be at nom. Took a long time. And then, in college campuses, you started seeing a protest. And then you start getting bigger and bigger. And then, of course, we have Kent State. And then, actually, I'll go out and say, well, we don't think so. Come back and protest another day if you're still alive. And then, finally, finally, after we brought home about the 48,000 kidnabody bag, we said, you know, maybe there's really something wrong with it. What are we doing there in the first place? What are we accomplishing? I don't know. You saw some butchering, all those innocent men were in a little children. All those real dangerous people in their huts. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and horizon, wireless line. Line 6 is always a hoot. Q AM, hello. Oh, Neil? Yes. Neil, I'm so sorry you missed your buddy for that. I'm saying every day. Yeah. I mean, you talk about it like we're losing. We're losing. We're losing. Well, that's what I like to do. Well, you go find him and have a chat with him. Okay, I'm bringing him over for lunch for some halava. My buddy, sit on who's saying you're an asshole, man. You're an idiot. You're an imbecile. How about our buddy, Pinochet? Huh? There's another one. I just had that story before. Pinochet from Ricochet, from Rich Shaw. You're an imbecile, man. You're a moron. 87 billion more. So we're talking about now, about a couple hundred billion dollars. We got these gigantic deficits. The rich keep getting richer. The tax cuts for the rich. They got them. Bectel and haliberten and all these other right wing buddies. And he's a little bit of ticks. Well, your buddy said I'm who's saying. Oh, yeah. And by the way, he took right through. He was your right wing friends. I've put him in the first place. The first time around when he's when he's grave robbers had a control of the regime. 56060, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WQAM, hello. Yeah, so like to speak to Neil? Speaking. How are you? I'm doing good. I've got a comment on 911. Yes, sir. I just would like to say that I'm heading to Vegas. I've had enough of this. What does that mean? Sir, what does that mean? You're heading to Vegas. You've had enough of what? I've had enough of all the stuff they're telling us on the radio. Okay, well 711 sounds good to me. They have a beautiful 711. And Vegas has got all that up with the neon glitzy sign. You know? You've got a nice McDonald's. It's got the same that big golden arch with the Amonets. Got all that glitzy. And I like you know, and Vegas is all neon. So 711. See, we're even doing screenless. I was going to tell Scott don't put any more old Farts under like him. And Scott's fault anyway. He's, secondly, attracted that old cog you just caught. Have a good time in Vegas. Say how to Scott for real. Maybe let you rub his bald spot. 21 till 1 is 560 WQA. Brand issues celebrating 25 years of doing people right in South Florida. Taking good care of them in their feet. You can't beat your feet on the old meat at Brandies. It's a treat. 25 years of doing the right thing. Got the top names in the business. They got reports. The Fistot, equivalent class essayist, floor shymen, all the other big names. And no matter how big or tiny your feet are, maybe little and petite. They got all the sizes you need. They got men 6 to 15 women's five to 12. And what's from the very, very narrow to the very big fat and wide. And their professional sales staff at Brandies. This is one reason people love shopping there. They give you a personal friendly service. They want to make sure you get a perfect fit every single time. Brandies shoes. You'll find them at 1290 North Federal Highway. Public Beach Open Daily 9 to 9 Sunday. 10 to 5. And all this week at Brandies new balance shoes around sale. Take 20% off men's and women's new balance shoes. And Brandies has got a humongous selection of all the styles and sizes that you love. So stop in the Brandies this week and take advantage of really unbeatable prices on new balance shoes. Or check them out of the way at Brandies shoes.com. We are sports video 5. Show me yeah. Look baby, only in Miami. In the year and radio, on holiday in control, We've lies in this information. They don't put you to know about the globalist assholes. Make problems a whole damn they shouldn't. The economy took a crap and it slaughtered in Iraq. I'm approaching the cater traders. All the food that want to know is only one way to go. You gotta reach in. Who's papers but. No. What is about to do? There's nobody. They just want to be in front of their TV. Think they would happen to them. And go to be happening to me. So. But it cares about you. Who are they? Who are they? Who are they? Who are they? They say what are you saying? What they want never gone up on media. Anyway. Don't bother me with too much information. I don't want to leave it. I don't want to believe it. Don't confuse me with the facts. I'm getting a better balance. Say the mentally challenged. Believe others. Few would fuck news. They don't lie. No. But it cares about you. What are you saying? No. Everything just fives. So one or two people dad. I can't be concerned with that. I'm busy picking things up my ass. I don't say I didn't want you. Just take a look at California. As you've got Florida though. What's wrong? All day. How. 45 at 5. 60. W.M. Happy Thursday. Second anniversary of 9.11. I'm going to be on the other side. 581. Before I want to clock. We're going to have over 600. George. It's a scary. Here's the fact from asky and homestead. It says enjoying your show while packing gold fish for shipment. I'd like you and the listeners to know that the only way to ship and anything in their playing cargo or pass your plane is to be a known ship or. This is never to Reagan said when one for the ship or. This means an airline rep or freight sales manager has to physically and personally come and visit your place of business and take that all put information about you. One satisfied your legitimate ship or withdrew to warehouse or place of business. And which you ship slash receive, etc. You're certified a side of security or pal number. Hi, a pal. Supposedly once one airline certified you you're in a database. But then so every airline is to visit you on their own time and convenience or your stuff is going to get on board. Except the course for those hand grenades and he work in airlines overheads. The acceptance smaller lines where either two ways you're disinterested and visiting you. Occasional shipments not in a volume in which case you must bring your boxes to them open so they can physically inspect the contents. And at their mercy except the shipment. Some airlines charge 20 bucks per set inspections. Others nothing occasionally even as an own ship or the goods are inspected. Most airlines also use x-rays on top of everything else. This guy who ship himself in a crate must have used some pal's number. Maybe had a pal. There's simply no fail safe method and being a known ship is about to save his against. No this though airlines that do not comply. Some of you have a fine for each infraction by the FAA. Play your enjoying Toronto and plus I'm not a fraud. Thank you ask you whatever that was and watch out for the goalfish. What do you faxing me a plethora of stuff here? Yes stuff. Okay here's one that says from Frank and Melbourne pretty interesting. Faxes says you feel safe are you safe? That's what Frank wants though on a anniversary of the 9.11. Be afraid. Be very afraid. This seems to be a shame today. And for some time are you or we safe or safer? Save it and what? Save for them we were during WW2 with German subs off the coast. Save it and during the Cuban Missile Crisis when Castro at ICBMs pointed our way. Save it and draft age male during Vietnam. Save it and when Nixon ruled. Question mark. Frank and Melbourne says I feel safe. I don't live in a gated community. Don't have a home security system. I'm not looking over my shoulder. If terror is start to bomb here like they have an island or israel. I'd be on the lookout for a bomber. But I'm not scanning the skies and cringing in fear way and whenever plane flies over. I'm not afraid or scared to go out and live my life. What I do fear is this bush administration is to ask croft. I fear Halliburton and Enron. And I want to see Kenny Lake prep walked into the federal courthouse to face his day in court. I want to see a Democrat in the White House and see Newt King Rich Bush. Cheney Rhof Kondiress and ask croft on a slow boat out of here. Lastly I hope our leaders don't declare an national line in 11 day. It'll oil turn into another party and that kid. Like the 4th of July things like that. Excellent facts Frank. Here's the next chronic in dear field who practices and says. What we're going to do is water case juniors. Oh my god. I can't believe this. Can you believe that? Well that's the county fear of the Roger Hammer. One to 11 races at the York P.A. Fair. Water case is record at 10. We send a single racecard. You twice at Northfield. Fell out of Tuesday. Well not exciting. Roger Hammer. It's the hammer. Can you see the hammer? Can you see the hammer? He's talking about a drag. That was funny. Roger Hammer drives at the middles and outside of Pittsburgh. You know where what's his name? Closed the races. Roger. What's his name? More. Roger Moore. Let's see. You know that pompous ass. The loud Roger Houston. He's the work at Pompano Park. You better start right now. These things down. Take notes. And next product in dear field. Facts is as I have what I feel are some. Non mainstream radical ideas about the 9 level incident. And the concept of memorializing the events is a patriotic display to be carried out by the blind faith public. Remember the animal room or the main room or Pearl Harbor room or the world trade center. It seems that the warlords never tire of the same tactic and never hesitate to be psyched up propaganda. Yes, I'm a believe in the existence of conspiracies and we're like to throw 9 level on top of the pile. I can't remember when or why the label conspiracy theorists became synonymous with craving lunatic as an avid reader of non revisionist history. I long go into the conclusion that there are very few coincidental natural events. There always seems to be a guiding hand to persuade the events much like hurting the sheep to market. Two years after the ketoclismic events of 9-11, the decides become the greatest perpetration of lies since the political assassination of the 60s never underestimate these stupidity of the American mainstream. That's the little bit of a record. I will never let you down. Just the first rated dissolution cynic living in a cesspool of an intellectual desert rights-a and ex-chronic and dear field. Thank you so much. Good luck, yes sir. We'll need it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We're doing screen list today. No, I suspect Scott to be answering the calls. He's under a hell of a lot of pressure. He's under the table. He's under the table right now. Real pansy. No question about it. That's probably why I got to job. I'm sorry, Pauline. Who the hell is a company of men? Who does it? Who am? Yeah, I knew it was with police. Speaking. Yeah, I knew it. Pretty good. Oh, they're hanging straight up. Did I see them? We're talking about the Mussolini's. Yes. Did I see them? Yes, see this. More on. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. He's got a no-see him. Who do you do? I am. Me, it's so hard. Maybe he needs to get together with the last guy. Who do you do? I am. Hello. Hey. You're looking on CNN? I'm looking at your part. What's going on on CNN? Are you looking? I'm looking at it right now. There's an old guy in the commercial right now. There's some kind of firefight in Iraq going on. And all I see is like United States vehicles all on fire and everything. Well, I got news for a suram. I see it in right now. And in a middle of commercial, bring a lesser hold of the MSNBC. So I don't know if I see it in your look in that, but good like to us. Okay. There's a firefight. Not so same current. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. Maybe things that don't get see it in here. Guess what, pal. I get all the networks I got see it in. Plus I got CBC. I got the BBC. I got SPCA. What's on the CBC? For a long time to come. Oh, it's Ruth and Max. It's another commercial. See, if no matter what's going on, we got to get the commercials in. You better get with it. That's our model here on QA. The world could be coming to an end, but it'll be sponsored by somebody. And we'll be giving a lot of promos ahead of time. WBQA and hello. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good, sir. I got the bad case. I'm sorry, pal. Back case. Yeah, of the mouth. WBQA and hello. You're way in. Hello, who are radio down? It's catching. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. How you doing there? Okay. Am I coming on soon? You coming on soon? Where you coming from? What? I'm from and for all of them going to work right now. Okay, let's go to for a lot of day. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? What's going on, bro? Same old crap. All right, man. Turn that off. You guys go with it. You want this to be a man. You're living notty, fuckery. Okay, that was good. How did we anticipate that my own? Five, seven. Five, six, eight, five, six, six, eight, ten. And Verizon Wireless Line. You better get him to call you back. Okay. He's obviously got connections. We got call return. The kind you're looking for. WQAM, hello. I just home all radio. This is home all radio. This is the home of home all radio. WQAM, hello. I'm a wager. These are the responses by the way from the people who are like agitated. Which I noticed, I'm also moving up a little bit on the pull there about time or retire. I'm moving up a little bit. That's the response. Ajay, where we don't like this. We're pissed off. We can't sit in here in the truth. You shouldn't be on here saying these things. Even though we don't got them all at the truth because it's too embarrassing or much Yahoo's, but you're mug lumps. They're forming it to me. Just look at the way the lines are ringing. You see them saying, you can see it. Friendly. Friendly. That's the word they're ringing. Friendly. That's just your ordinary pedestrian ring. Seven more votes for a 600 by the way. And a pull we still got now where to go to. A clock. Holy Toledo. As Rickweaver should be saying, if you were still alive. I bet you we could prop up Rickweaver's body. And the broadcast booth and do a better job than most. Absolutely. WQAM. Hello. Scott for our packages and Josh Darrell's feast. WQAM. Oh. It's great. Let's kneel, God. Great. Speaking real. I was watching a CNN last night. I'm a call. They had on the bottom. I'm sorry. headline is. Yeah. That Rumsfield said that I wreck could become a great vacation destination. Oh yeah. I almost fell off my seat. I guess. I mean, where would you rather go? Vegas. I'm a little bit scared. I think that's a lot of desert Vegas or Iraq. I used to have my neighborhood. We used to have 50-70 percent flags up after the 911 911 911 thing. And now I went jogging this morning. There was one flag. I got about 100. I mean, he could have screwed this up better. We had the world, the country, the United. We called him and find terrorism. Now everybody hates us in the Afro. There you go. Nice job, WQ. He may not be good but at least he's consistent. Hang in there, pal. Wave that thing proudly in the flag too. He's waving it in the breeze. 593 votes, George. We're going to make, we'll do it. We'll get to 600. You watch. Well, in fact, it wouldn't surprise me. I'm going to refresh it right now. Ah, that's refreshing. Yeah. 595. Or would we, I thought we just had 590s. Oh, 593. Well, come on. You people can do better than that. Let's get with it. How did George do you feeling in the summer? We're getting a humongous response. This is the important stuff. Forget about all this other window dressing. Okay. I listened. 199. One more for 200 on that. You don't know what I got 200 a month. You're full of crap. You're lying. Tell her what is Michael Bloomberg. Oh, it's a TV channel. I'm down waiting for it to be. Oh, see now there. That's the little slow because they're jamming on. 599. You got 201 for okay. Okay, listen. Off a lifestop, listening. 145. Week. I rarely listen. 122. Great job. 107. And fabulous time for Neil to retire. 24% for a percent say it's time for me to retire. Don't forget. Play non-beloafs just near Rogers WQMI. It'll get to me. Small bills, large bills. Whatever you got, I'll take it. Not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. We're over. Come there and shine to be. The law is out on a home to scream. If she's gone to hell, then she'd left when she should. The night that Gary Condon gave it to her. Oh, good. They were out on a date. Parting to Gary's car. Maybe Gary had gone just a little too far. He showed up the motor, turned her her and said, How bout it, baby? I could use me some beer. Maybe that young intern thought that that wasn't right. But the cocktails in their system made them feel so light. Shondra thought for a moment and said, You're a little quiet. That maybe she's at Gary Bonnastewaw, Gary's. Right then. What's going to work? When we woke up the next morning, Shondra was not around. Mary had no tears, his past was still down. He remembered her point and she wore her party thighs. Guess Mary finally got what he wanted last night. She had opened the door, went to Permanent said, All we back, went to Stunett to Waha, Then she took off after he blew her up his And no one including Mary has seen her chance. Pull the fact that she's gone, this tracks made nothing right. If somebody knows the truth, lowland the truth, Oh, three night. Now what I give you a kiss. 103 at 560, Joe Rose for the Ahmed Dog at 2 to the Safino. The late lineup chains there, 622 votes on a pole for a George, Or about George, or even about me. How did George do this summer filling in? Okay, I listen to it 11. I'm an awful, I stopped listing 143. 149. George. Week, I weirdly listen to 125. Great job, best ever 113. And fabulous time for Neil to retire! 24, 3.8% on 622, well over 600. You think we got a shot at 800? It's possible I didn't think it was when you said it earlier. We got a shot. You get on there and vote. Okay, right now. That's not a request, it's a demand. Okay, I'm going to say why man from your common deer. And I got bad news for Eric though. His intentions were great. He did the best. He could put the link to the Robert Fistory. The only problem is that when you click on the link, it goes back to the same thing with the UK independent. Where you have to subscribe to read the whole article. You get the blur of part of it. Yeah. So I think probably is my duty on my civic duty on this second anniversary of man. 11. I ended up with the Robert Fistory article again. I hope that he came dependent. How do you like that? All right. Robert Fistory writes, when the attacks were launched against the World Trade Center in the Pentagon two years ago today, whoever heard of Falugia or Hilah, when 11 is hijacker, flew as plain as the ground in Pennsylvania, who would ever believe that President George Bush would be announcing a new front line in the war on terror, as his troops embarked in a hopeless campaign against the guerrillas of Iraq. Who could have ever conceived of American President calling the world the warms against, terrorism in Afghanistan, Iraq and Gaza? Gaza? What did the miserable, crushed, truly imprisoned Palestinians of Gaza, have to do with the international crimes against humanity in New York, Washington and Pennsylvania? Nothing, of course. Either does Iraq have anything to do with 11 September? Nor were there any weapons of mass destruction in Iraq, any Al-Qaeda links with Iraq, any 45-minute timeline for the deployment of chemical weapons, nor were there any liberation? No, the attacks on 11 September have nothing to do with Iraq. Neither did 11 September change the world. President Bush truly manipulated the grief of the American people, and the sympathy of the rest of the world to introduce a world order dreamed of by a clutch of fantasists, advising the Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld. The Iraqi regime changes we now know as planned as part of a parole wolf-witz campaign document to the woodbee is ready to promise their Benjamin Netanyahu years before Bush came to power. It begers believe that Tony Blair should have signed up for this nonsense, without realizing that it was no more nor less than a project invented by a group of pro-Israeli American-New Conservatives and mightwing, Christian fundamentalists. But even now we're fed more fantasy. In Afghanistan, it's American-paid warlords raping and murdering their enemies. It's women still shrouded for the most part in their burcas. It's opening production now back as the world's number one export market, and its people being killed up to 100 a week. Five American troops were shot dead two weeks ago. Is a success? Something which messes Bush and Murmschfeld still boast about. Iraqi, Midden of Gorilla, Hatred and Pocket of Resem, is also a success. Yes, Bush wants $87 billion to keep Iraq running. He wants to go back to the same United Nations he condemned as a talking shop last year. He wants scores of foreign armies to go into Iraq to share the burdens of occupation, though not of course the decision-making, which must remain Washington's exclusive imperial preserve. Watch more of the world's supposed to accept the insane notion that the Israeli Palestinian conflict, the planet's last colonial war, although all mentioned the illegal Jewish colonies in the West Bank and Gaza been erased in the Middle East narrative in the American press, is part of the war on terror. The cosmic clash of religious will at present emotion-vented after 9.11. Could Israel's interest be better served by so infantile gesture from Bush and the United States? The vicious Palestinian suicide bombers and their gross test implantation of Jews and Jews only in the colonies has now been said in this colossal struggle of good against evil in which even aerial sharon, named as the personally responsible for the 1982 Sabra and Satelli Massacre by Israel's own commission of inquiry, is a man of peace according to Mr. Bush. A new president's are set without discussion, Washington kills the leadership of its enemies with impunity. It tries to kill Osama bin Laden and Mullah Omar and does kill Udayin Kusay Hussein and post of its prowess in liquidating the al-Qaeda leadership from rocket firing drones. It tries to kill Sottam and Baghdad in slaughter-16 civilians and admits that the operation was not risk-free. In Afghanistan, Fremet of Nauban murdered the US interrogation center at Bagram, we still don't know what really goes on at Guantanamo. What did these presidents mean? I have a dark suspicion. From now on, our leaders, our politicians, our statesmen will be fair game too. If we go for the jugular, why shouldn't they? The killing of the UN surge of Yerid El-Melo was not, I think, a chance murder, Hamas's most recent statements, and since they've been headed to the Bush Circus of Evil, we should take them seriously, are now more than ever personally threatening Mr. Sharon. Why should we expect any other leader to be safe? If yes, your Arrafat is given to Eves Al-Yed again, will there be any restraints left at all? Of course, America's enemies were grizzly, Bunsid Amsord is compete with the mass graves of the innocent. Mullah Omar allowed his massogenous legions to terrifying entire society in Afghanistan, but in their absence, we've created banditry, rape, kidnapping, guerrilla war and anarchy. And all in the name of the dead of 911. The future of the Middle East, which is what 911 was partly about, that we're not allowed to say so, has never looked bleaker or more bloody. The United States and Britain are trapped in a war of their own making responsible for their own appalling predicament, but responsible to for the lives of thousands of innocent human beings, and not to pieces by American bombs in Afghanistan and Iraq, shot down on the streets of Iraq by trigger-happy G.I.s. As for terror, our enemies are closing in on our armies and Iraq, and are supposed to analyze and bag that in Afghanistan, even in Pakistan, we've done all of this in the name of the dead of 911. Not since the second world war, if we've seen Folly on this scale and it is scarcely begun. That's radical by Robert Fiskin today's UK independent. So is it pretty well if he acts me? He's got his thumb right on it. 560, 560, pound 560, only AT&T and Verizon line. No forgive me, the lovely Miguel will have our best in the East, for a bandit-pett rescue at the QMVANET to Shell Station, Sheridan Street just west of I-95 from our 11-1, 11-A, into 1pm. Are you going to have a big turn out? Sure, of course we will. We better have a big turn out. We don't get to go. We don't get to go with us. We haven't heard about it in a long time. Not only where the hell's Osama and where's Saddam. But we haven't heard too much about anthracial. Oh yeah, yeah. Which was the method of the person of interest, you know, he's got a hadful of troubles, Steven. But we haven't determined who sent all of that stuff out, who killed Kalk Robin, who sent the anthracial, who shot Yamama, who shot the sheriff. WQAM. Hey, that's Fikiniel. Speaking. Hey, Leo. I don't know if you remember me a couple months ago, I moved to California, so just leaving. Yeah. I'm actually in California now on my former cell phone. I just wanted to say hi to my parents back at the store that probably listened right now. And I wanted to say I miss you. And I can never get home in time from school to get you on the radio here in California, so this is the first time I've been able to speak to you since. Excellent. I hope you had a good time in here in Florida. I'm loving it out here again. I want to say I love my parents. Thanks again, Neil. Talk to you later. Good luck to Pellie. Okay. And say hi to Arnold in California. I'm having a great time here in Florida. 560, 5056, the only 18, 10 Verizon Wireless Line. WQAM. Hello. Chai in. Yes, sir. Mo. No. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. WQAM. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Okay. Excuse me. Something in my throat. That's okay. You can learn from things. Thing you read before, it's tremendous, man. That guy's great. He's been, I've been reading hard for like 10 years. And that guy really like kept me a brush to the thing, you know. He's guys right on all the time. The other thing is, you're talking about the rats the other day. And you got rid of them or I don't know what happened. But didn't you all read all of the hit out of the, like, in the 50s? Yeah, rats in my room are doing rentals in Tommy Shannon, rats in my room. That is correct. I can't believe it. You have a room in there. Huh? You play that course to that. Well, where the hell am I going to find that? I can play it for you today. Where am I going to find that? I think it's from a hundred years ago. Oh, right. Where was the only one? Good luck to you, pal. Can I play that for me today? I play with this. Go on and play with the rats. Is that incredible or what? No, he made that call before. What do you mean? He made it before you forgot? Yeah. Okay. That's a memorable one. Like about a hundred years ago. When you first started talking about it, rats in my room. Enjoy rentals in Tommy Shannon. Okay. Whatever you say, I don't see, I have this ability. I keep the important things in my brain like Joe Marjoune and Rinsalc with soda. And I have to be tripped here by Ray Krunk. Remember Ray Krunk? Who? He trained my first horse. Come at sky. My second horse. Come at Sorris. Anyway, what are we doing on there? There's six, 42. We've got a shot at 800 posts on the pool of everybody. Get on it. Hop on it. Hop on that pool, maybe. And don't slide too much. Maybe we'll go around a little bit. How did George do filling in the summer? Okay. I listened to 21. We like that. Off-fly stop listening 153. We do not like that. Week. I rarely listen 127. We resent that. Great job. Best ever 1117. Excellent. And fabulous time for Neil to retire. 24. And like I said, the checks keep coming. There would be nobody in the world more pleased than me. Please, this punch. To quote the late Horatio, he would have free. Or was it the other way around? Horatio? Well, it makes no difference because he's dead. He had like that public death. Remember that? The public dying of he would have free? No. Well, he did. Anyway, let me ask you this question right now. How low do you think those interest rates can go? Well, if an angel group is continuing to do it, do that. Diddle around man. They're doing the limbo rock. Under the lowest refinance rate. Look how they much has come slide right under your dough. One point 95% is how low they've gone. So now you can refinance your homer by new home and get super low. One point 95% financing with the National Group. Call them today when it's out. Find out what it's all about. 1-800-940-010-1-800-940-080. If you even think about refinancing or buying real estate, you really ought to be doing this. Wait to hear the kind of savings you're going to have. If you get a hundred thousand, or a loan you pay only 368 bucks a month. If you have a 200 thousand, or a loan you payments are only 736 bucks a month. Chump change. So call financial group right now. Toal free. Get all the information about it. About 1.95% financing because rates of it all time lows. Call financial group 1-800-940-010. That's 1-800-940-080-080-080. Tell them that crusty oldie will totally decolored. An equal housing letter. Creditors, victims of fly rates. Up to change monthly 5.19 APL. Rye and local. Here's sports video 560-2AM. It goes in on clear street right now. Here. Here. Hey, lands on clear street. Linger's round on clear street. That's a boogie. It has a house and garden. I would love to hear it. For all the creatures we fly, wonder what their feeling is there. He said he like a jump-off. He's a beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. He's like a little dog, queer, and a little winger, the round on queer, and the three. 660 votes on our How to George Dooders Summer, Philan and Paul. 660, we've got a shot of 800. Do we got some 7, we got a shot? No. Why not? Maybe 7. I don't think it's going to get to 8. We'll see how this audience comes through. Okay, how you emotional. How whipped up into a frenzy there. Here's Paul, terror laws for threatened freedom. CNN, Paul. On most Americans don't feel they've lost individual freedoms because of anti-terror laws passed after 9 level attacks. 2-3rd say they worry that this could happen in the future according to an AP pool. The survey also found sharply partisan differences in how people view attorney general John Ascroft and ardent supporter of anti-terrorism laws that he says have been instrumental in preventing another attack against the US. About 2-3rds of response say there's somewhat of a very concerned about the possible loss of freedom from such measures on a separate question, 31% so they think people's legal rights have been violated by 50% so they hadn't. And Yadiyadi, Yadiyani. About half of those polls say the Bush administration had been about right in using new laws to fight terrorism. While 24% say the government's gone too far, 18% say it hasn't gone far enough. Uh-huh. The poll also found 51% of people believe it'd be necessary for average people to give up some individual freedom as part of the fight against terrorism and to please those people who think they ought to strike up their rights. God, good news for you. President Bush told Congress yesterday to untie the hands of law enforcement officials and arm them with wider legal powers to combat terrorist, same the groups that St. America two years ago are wounded but still dangerous. He specifically called for expanding use of the federal death penalty. tougher bail restrictions, greater subpoena powers that he said are available for other crimes such as drug trafficking and a abesling but they can't be used against terrorism. And the death penalty would have been very effective at 911 wouldn't it? Oh yeah, would have been a slow suicide. The numbers in his own, yeah. The hijackers. That would have deterred. They're gone. This disparity in the law makes no sense Bush said in the speech at the FBI Academy in Quadico, Virginia. Bush is appeal through the White House in a way growing debate over the anti-terrorism USA Patriot Act enacted after the attacks of 911. Bush said the laws to intrusive and authoritative liberties and fear that the administration is trying to pass a second version of the measure in peace meal fashion. Even some House and Senate Republicans have talked about rolling back portions of the Patriot Act. I don't think Tom Brady's too happy about it either after last Sunday. For the sake of the American people Bush said Congress should change the law and give law enforcement officials the same tools they have to fight terror that they have to fight other crime. Bush acknowledged that not all members of all Congress agree with the need to tighten law, but he said a lot of them do. The White House indicated Bush supports tougher laws in other areas beyond the three instances he cited. The ACU said that further erosions of judicial oversight and the basic checks and balances are the wrong path to take and of course are. That's so ridiculous. But nevertheless, don't confuse the American people because we have to be safe. Speaking of being safe scientists who've analyzed the aftermath of the 911-2001 attacks on the World Trade Center say, that workers at ground zero suffered brutal effects from the fumes coming out of the wreckage. The day repile acted like a chemical factory said Professor Thomas Kehl of the University of California Davis. It cooked together the components of the buildings and their contents, including enormous numbers of computers and gave off gases of toxic metals, acid and organics for at least six weeks he said. Professor Kehl held a research group which collected over 8,000 air samples between the second and 30th of October 2001, a mile away from the collapsed trade center towers. The group produced report of those samples last year, but has not come up with a much more detailed explanation of what went on after the catastrophe. When the towers burned in collapse, tons of concrete glass furniture, carpets and insulation computers and paper were reduced to enormous oxygen for day repiles that burned slowly till December 19. In that hot pile, some of the constituent elements combined with organic matter and abundant chlorine from papers and plastics and then escaped to the surface as metal rich gases. These then either burned or carefully decomposed into very fine particles capable of penetrating deeply into the human lungs, the university be sand. Professor Kehl and his colleagues had identified four classes of particles like the damage human health. Fine and very fine transition metals which interfere with lung chemistry, so a ferric acid which attacks silica and lung cells directly, very fine and soluble gas glass particles which traveled through the lungs to the bloodstream and heart. And high temperature organic matter, many components which are known to be carcinogens. Conditions would have been brutal for people working at grounds here without respirators, slightly less so for those working, we're living in immediately adjacent buildings. Professor Kehl said the new day has been presented to the National Meeting of the American Chemical Society in New York. What about the air in the bad dead? You think that's a bad. Oh yeah but who cares? Well I think we probably, even if we don't care about any of the Iraqi people or the men and women in children, etc. The probably about our troops over there do we care about them? Oh I forgot. Yeah not too much I guess. The ones that we've lied to so much and told them all you'd be going home at no time at all. Surprise. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T 671. We'll make 700 on there by the bottom of the hour. You don't think? Oh by the bottom yet. Well also that gives us like a half an hour for 100. Can we do it? No. Well we'll see. That's surprise you. WQAM hello. QAM. I meant that we were trying to continue that on the left. That's not it. We'll have a little more of them. WQAM hello. Hi. Yes sir. I thought to you me. Speaking. Hi. Are you the top of the left team? What? The left team? For what? For what? For what? So can I figure up your ASL? 560. 560. Righty for us to get my right foot up your ASL. So leave a little room. Leave a little room at the end. 560. 560. 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WQAM. Okay I just talked to that one. Although an improvement over the previous two. WQAM hello. QAM. Yeah we know. WQAM hello. I'm stuck. You know it's really interesting. I just got your redneck fist thing again. Right. For what you see span. Fans. Or you people think that we're going to save the world from itself. Here are these stupid radio shows. There you go. There's South Florida man. There's the response. There's the response. It's like. We can't handle it. We're coming from the pressure. And I'm sitting here reading articles. I'm a schmuck. I'm an idiot. I'm an imbistool. Yeah. But I'm also making a lot of money. So do I really care? No. Not really. How are we doing on a George Pole huh? We're not even going to make 700 by the bottom of the yard. Where these people are going. 679. Never. Never make it. There are six minutes. Less than six minutes to make another 20 of Oats on there. Never happen. Very depressing. Moreizing. As we continue our attempt to save the world from itself. And mostly the world from South Florida. WQAM hello. WQAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. WQAM. Ola. Two slow on land. WQAM. Hi there. Yes sir. GW is the king of the world. And he's on the ground. Yeah. WQAM hello. Hello. Yes sir. That's what you mean. Speaking. Oh. Yeah. WQAM hello. Hello. Yes sir. How are you doing there Neil? Pretty good. Hey, how can you never go on the politics? For what? Just for an instant Joe. How can you never ran for any kind of office? What do I want to do then? So there are no plantation on that old Florida. Who is it named? A male there forever? I have no idea. It was 100 years old. I don't know when I don't care about plantation politics. I don't know. I just care. Yeah. I kind of a plantation mentality though. I'm kind of a cotton pick and a smithless derber. 560560. I mean, it's just a mind-bottering. I'm speechless. Aren't you? Yeah. Yeah. Speacless. Yes. Well, we know you're speechless. That's why you got the job. So just dummy up. By the way, what numbers do I do me? I told you before the show. 20. 20. 20. It's even George. No, it's not. You're tragic. You're pathetic. I guess you already knows it. 20. It's just one to wonder. I'm on a payroll. Okay. I mean, why plan that far ahead? If you're planning it for like losing some weight, here's the answer for a delights away. Sproka. You know, if you're on the atkins, there are a lot of those of the low carb diets. They work very effectively, but the key is you got to stay on. And how do you stay on them? It's pretty difficult when you go in the supermarket because even though you can get all the basics for the low carb diets in your supermarket, what do you get to lunch on? I know. No smart comments. Munch on this. At delights, they've got over 900 low carb sugar free products. All kinds of neat things to help you stay on your low and low cal and low carb diet. And continue losing that weight. They've got all kinds of low carb pastas, sauces, dressings, chips, chocolates. Their real famous carbohydrate ice cream. Be sure to try that low carb instant cup of soup while you do his pop water in it. Stick it in the microwave and you got a low carb cup in the meal and four delicious flavors. Try the unbelievably delicious low carb muffins for a quick breakfast. They got the individual size cheesecake. Judy's low carb peanut brittle. Carbill right rated rate chocolate and all the shapes. Zillions and Zillions of great low carb items all waiting for you. Try any of them by the way before you buy them and don't forget all atkins brands. Product to run sale all day every day. And delight you love shopping in this store if you're looking for low carb low calorie joints. They're open daily to end the 10 year fine on the Northeast corner of Glades and 441. Right next to Boston Market. Call them toll free. 1 877 low carb or shop a monowicked worldwide web at lowcarb.com. That's the lights-a-wise book at your official atkins retail center. My life and low. This is sports radio high 60. You as you weigh in. I looked up primis. Congratulations. Get a lie. So Jessica this will be the first of many interviews. I just want to get the overview of your story right now. Okay. How did you sustain your injuries on the battlefield? I wasn't really on the battlefield. I was working in support and supply. Bringing much needed ammo to her comrades in arm. Well we heard gunfire and our driver panic. So we collated with another. It's explosions everywhere. My freedom truck was thrown mercilessly across the highway of death. At that point I was knocked unconscious. Ever focused. I returned fire upon the blood thirsty Dean. Actually in a split second I was flying through the air. I weapon in the crash. At least I think. After holding off the heavens for hours. I succumb to their cowardly attack. Actually they told me I broke my ankle in the accident. Countless bullets piercing my legs. But still able to speak. I approached my captors and. How was unconscious? Met with their military leadership to counsel them on the American way of the mockers. How was an civilian hospital the whole time? Knowing he was going to hell. The Dom himself came to my hospital and begged forgiveness in a desperate attempt at a. Wait. That's not how the story went at all. Well we don't care. I don't must have the details. 1.32 at 5.60 at WQAM. 7.4. We did make 700 just a few seconds after 1.30. I checked that out on my atomic clock. Okay. A walk. I thought it was pretty interesting. We're not going to make 800 though. You're right about that. We only got like 20 minutes. 7.4 votes on there. Maybe 7.50. Pretty emotional about George and he performance he did this summer time. Pretty emotional about the calls last few minutes too. They've been really special. More in that right because I'm like, you know, oh, a pope. Pope unable to complete speech. Aren't you upset about that? I'm weeping. I need to think he'd be feeling a little bit less pain these days because we all know that. But it don't seem to be doing the desired job. The Pope's Roadside's of exhaustion is he began to fortify visit to Slovakia that they was unable to complete his opening remarks. The 83-year-old leader of the world's Bidden Catholics appeared short of breath and read his arrival speech in badly slurred voice. Early on in the speech he lost his place and asked an aid to be most of the rest before finishing the last paragraph himself. He corrected himself several times for stumbling on the words on other foreign visits, aided read parts of his speeches for the pope but never his arrival text. Slovakian president premise her in chewing well, which is waving small Vatican flags, greeted the pope as his plain touchdown at bodice lava's airport. Among the crowd were gameless being active as protesting what they can did is a growing intrusion of the church in public and private life to much intrusion of the pubic life. But it's freaking far, but it's freaking far, but it's in a Catholic church and it's old, the crusty cap of a pope. Moreen down, right? Now see, I either could take a lot of calls this last 26 minutes. Sure. Since it is the second anniversary of 9-11, we like to get the tremendous input from the doctoral audience. Or I could read the moreen down column also talk about the benefit wedding being postponed. I'll give you a minute. They've even come up with a name for it. Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez. Ben Affir. I mean does this tell you already need to know? The Ben Affir countdown came to a screeching holiday yesterday with only three days left to Brad and Grim called a whole thing off. I can't imagine why they called off the whole thing. That's H.O.L.E. Ben 31 and J.L.O. 33, plan to say I do a 3PM Sunday in Santa Barbara, California. The guest we thought the number 400 to gown was said to be very away. Puck your magic language, froggy. Flowers, cake, music, all were in the works on this cake. The news first reported by Entertainment On, access Hollywood yesterday afternoon, caused gossips to gas from coast to coast from pillar to post. The couple's reason. The media frenzy has just gotten too big. Puss, you got to look at it and she said, You called that a penis? When we found ourselves seriously contemplating hiring three separate Decoy Brides at three different locations we decided something was a Rye Ben said, Gen said, in a joint statement. He said she said, It said, we began to feel that the spirit of what should have been the Happy's Day of our lives could be compromised. But wait it says. These are movie stars who should have known what to expect. So speculation immediately ranged on from, they still went on Sunday in Santa Barbara. This is a play to throw off the media. They'll look this week at some other time. They actually have a split will not be married or they're both a couple of Fags. I mean, Of course, I'll just a big get put on in who the hell cares. And we're sick and tired of this. Am I right about that? Absolutely wrong. I got benefit. Help us please. Somebody throw us a life raft. We're drowning over here with this crap. Marine downrights were not happy campers that ate New York times. She says the Saudi religious police are harassing Barbie. We had that serious today, by the way. The commission for the promotion of virtue and prevention devices warning that the Jewish dolls, banned in Saudi Arabia for a decade, are a threat to Islam. The AP reported that a message posted on the Mutant was website Tried to Jewish Barbie dolls with the revealing clothing and shameful postures, accessories and tools, are a symbol of decadence to the perverted West. Let us beware for dangers and be careful. This from a hypocritical treasure kingdom with more lingerie stories than its malls than victory has secrets. It's probably useless to start correcting me in bread Saudis on a Khakha of a German fluzzi doll. The place is so eager to protect itself from Jewish toys and they perverted West, the breeding ground of the 9-11 hijackers is still the Bush administration's close ally. Osama bin Laden is urging the Muslim world of persuasion G.H. to get to America, even as America pursues a G.W.T. in the Muslim world, G.W.T. is how some Pentagon documents be further the global world war on terror. They're out to get us and we're out to get them. Far from being the swift and gratifying lesson in US dominance that Cheney and Tabate predicted are encouraged into a wreckage turning into a spun-out scary lesson in the dangers of hubris. Democrats are combing through the $20 billion part of the White House request involving me building Iraq trying to make sure that there is any Halle-Borton Hanky Panky. I've actually gone to the point where our hope Dictanies in broad and a clansious conspiracy to benefit Halle-Borton because of its not conspiracy, it's not a fainid theology. And that means our leaders have used goofball logic and nauseous assumptions to trap the country into a cock-eyed replay of the Crusades that could drain our treasuries and strain our military for generations without making us any safer from terrorists and may be putting us more at risk. A 9-11 second anniversary, seven in 10-amer can still believe that Sodom had a role in the attacks even though there is no evidence of it according to Washington Post-Pull, that's because the president has done his level best to conflate 9-11 in Sodom and did so again to speech on Sunday night. Iraq never threatened US security. Bush officials cynically attacked a villainous country because they knew it was easier than finding the real-nod 11 villain who had no country. And now they're hoist and their own canard. By pretending Iraq was crawling without cut, and they've created an Iraq crawling without cut. As Donald Rumsfeld finished up at up-beat talk at the National Press Club to hear yesterday, brushing off hecklers and calling the global war and terror were well begun, cable-beginnery fresh flints those video of Osala bin Laden and Al-Mandal Zawari encouraging the Iraqi and Islamic fighters to bury American troops and send them to their mothers in coffins. The Bush teams logic before the war was infuriatingly hell-arex-gen and still is. Mr. Rumsfeld, who was so alarmed about Sodom's WMDB for the war, is now so nonchalant that he said he didn't even bother West David Kay, who runs the CIA search for WMD and Iraq, what progress he'd made when meeting with him in Iraq last week. I have so many things to do with the Department of Defense from he told the Washington Post. As to the press club, while our intelligence aimless did not predict the extent of Iraq's decayed infrastructure, Rumsfeld said dismissively, they were worrying about more important things. Yeah, like how to get to Cheney off their backs. Testifying before the Senate on Tuesday on the 87-minute dollar request Paul Wolfowitz, the Pentagon official who pushed so hard to own Iraq and control it said, we have no desire to own this problem or to control it. There may not be much choice given, colon-poused pessimistic warning to come with yesterday, that no allies want to help us pick up the tab for rebuilding a country full of people who we violence. I never thought I'd say this, but watching Dan Quill's Marble bust unveiled yesterday at the Capitol soon to join John Adams Thomas Jefferson's Spirile Agnew. I was not stouted for the days when Murphy Brown's baby amounted to a serious mess. Right, so the brilliant Marine Dowd has made New York Times. That's great. She's great. In the Sunshine State, and the public out there is going, like that, like that, like a crazy, that's it. That's our Florida Horumen, a wasteland, a cesspool, as some human scumbag hole. But I hope you have an lovely day. It's lovely here. It's 2027. You know what that is? It's like 81. Not a clown in the sky. How about that? 2022, we got the mad dog out today. He's having another bustman's holiday doing it the way we like to do around here. But we got Joe Rose. He's got a big hard-on. He's going to be filming for the mad dog from 2-4-7. We're going to be on the front. We're going to be on the front. You got the hurt cane. Hotline. 7-9 Joe's a geeky down Bailey, Jr. The Beast a whole bunch of childish people. Then you got any K9 to tell enjoy Mark's being a childish over night 2-5. Good guys. Dude, it's childish. You love their show. And of course, it's MOL. Absolutely. VIP Sportsburg.com. Softhold is best sportsburg. It invites you to come and plunge in peace. Everybody deserves a little PIP. You're going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be good. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be good. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good girl. I'm going to be good boy. I'm going to be good boy. I'm going to be good boy. I'm going to be good boy. I'm going to be good boy. I'm going to be good boy. Once we're decimated, we're not going to make 800 bucks. A spectacular outpouring of emotion and content in the discussed and affection and, well, whatever. A wide range of oceans for little George, who never suspected when we first came to the QM that he ever even be doing in talk show. No. And one day I sat down and I don't remember what we started. We do like tapes the first vacation or not. I don't know. I don't remember. But I do remember those awful times down there on the second floor and that awful, awful, grotesque smelly nasty of whatever that building is. Yeah. That's the Tanner building. Oh, I mean, down there on the second floor, it's bad enough on a third floor. There, but on the second floor was unfit for human have a taste even a rat's move though. Those were the good old days if you recall. Notice with a bad old days, whether they did good old days is when we had the whammy guy of thing, people that were in the poor that. And nothing was working. We were alone. Got it sucks. But that's true. We were alone. Nobody was bothering us. We actually had our own studio. They were coming in and dicking with all the equipment. That part of it's true. All the other equipment didn't work anyway. Right. I think the best part of that whole deal was like the weeks bleeding up to going on a year. Like right after Duff called and said, oh, Greg wanted me to tell you that the studio isn't going to be ready by these simmer 30. And I said, well, tell them that if the studio is already, I'll be on some other station on these simmer 30. Because that's when I'm going back on here after getting paid seven months not to work. Yeah, how to pack some people. That wasn't the only line. There were lots of good ones. Oh, yeah. The quans had hut the trailer. Right. New order. Right. Those weeks that we were spending and they're working just doing our own thing, putting all the stuff on those mini disc. Remember that? Yeah. And then of course we find a got the DCS, which arrived in parts from Philadelphia because they certainly were going to buy a new one where they're on. Oh, no. And there's station Philadelphia arrived like there are a couple of days before. And then hours and days and weeks of working over a goddamn hut the computer. Putting all that stuff. And of course after seven months of being paid vacation here from pension, when we came back on here, we had like all that neat new cramp, you know? Yeah. And I would say out of all of the things that we had probably the most lasting and the most significant was. This is Debbie. Oh, hi, Debbie. I'm interested in going through operations done. OK. And some body contouring and some liposuction. Mm-hmm. And there was wondering if it's from tummy tuck and lip augmentation because medical best surgery faced if all of these things. Mm-hmm. There's wondering. Oh, you're like a star with. Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing. OK, we don't do that. No. Could you do breast implants though? Uh, I can't be done. No, no, no, no, Debbie would do breast implants. It's the lotion in the basket. Mm-hmm. How much? Uh, 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too. Mm-hmm. The laser surgery. Mm-hmm. Have the lamps stop crying yet? Mommy. Extremely. Don't hurt Mommy's little baby. It puts the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV. OK. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first. And then, along with an actually, we can tell you that when we see you. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, Mommy? Uh, if you'd like to. Get parts of the lotion in the basket. Or would you like to make an appointment? Yes. OK. Um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine. OK. OK. OK. Um. My name is Buffer O'Bailer. OK. Let me get a little information from you. OK. I'd like to know, shouldn't it in the basket? I understand. It puts the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for consultation? It puts the lotion in the basket. In the basket. OK. Would you like to make it a appointment? Do you want to call me back? Yeah. What's the lotion in the basket? I got my skin suit in the blanket. Oh. Bill. It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand that. Would you like to put it in the basket? It puts the lotion in the basket. OK. I will talk to you in the time. It puts the lotion in the basket. Hello. So like I said, it had its moments. 743 votes. See, we'll do it over 750. Pakes us high, by the way. Who does? Hank. Well, hi. How are you doing? Is he in there? Oh, he's in the hallway. I hate. I hate. Love whole Hank. And boys, he got a good scam. I mean, he actually doing a whole three hours show today. Although he's got the one I would be no cook. So it's like, and that's easier. It's like falling off a log. But, uh, yeah, Hank, Scott, he's got it down Pat mad dogs off today. And we got it going on QAM. I've taught these people well. My students, my disciples. Let's work more pay. Work a couple hours here. A couple of days a week. Go off the Vegas. Go to the Bahamas. Take a few months off here. And it's a way to do it. You know, as much as we probably can complain when a punch to the bottom line. Seriously, of course not for you because you could pay crap and treat the like garbage. But we'll be side dead for some of us. Those of us big fat celebrities mostly fat. We're doing pretty damn good, you know. And you're, you know, you suffer off some of good freebies here and there. Here they're. Once it wants to be great while. 743 votes. I'm sure it's probably close to 750 right now. Let me take a pubic. Yeah, we do the break. Come on. Oh, and look at that. Now they're jamming up on there. That's why it takes so long for this to refresh. Ah, was refreshing though. 746. How did George do filling in the summer? Okay. I listened to it in 56. Off the livestock listing. 177. Off the George. Mmm. Week. I really listen to 152. Great job. Best ever 136. Fabulous time for Neil to retire. 25. 3.3%. Like I said. Don't expect much. Seriously, 10 bucks a year from each list throughout there. And that's all I just put a rest of my life from you. I'm going to old fart anyway. I might quote next week. I'm sorry. Although my parents both lived in 90 and lost in a live. I just just meant to that as a warning. Okay. So if you're going to make a commitment, at least to continue for another 20 years. 10 bucks. I mean, how much is that? 10 bucks a year for 20 years, 200 bucks to get me off the year. I think it's a piece of cake. 154 at 560 WCM. We got a fan hit QM fan. We'll be at the Shell Station Sheridan Street just right by 95 there tomorrow on Hollywood. 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. And it will be there. Our best in the American ice. Bring lots of cash. Okay. One of these a lot of money tomorrow. You know, by now you may hear me talk about Laminate Soros and how Laminate would foreign from Laminate Soros is the easy the smart. The low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring, which is so damn expensive. Laminate Soros is the best place to find Laminate wood flooring from the top names in the universe. They got them all per go. Per go Wilson Art Uniform Quickstift 2. All the top names all installed by per go certified in St. Here's another real great reason why I got to be called Laminate Soros. Their prices are so low. It'll probably flow you right now. You can get there September kickoff special for just $1995. That is absolutely correct. Just $1995 gets you up to 380 square feet of beautiful, laminated wood flooring. It is positively and delightful. And Laminate Soros will match any legitimate written offer to. For a free in-home estimate, call Laminate Soros toll free in no obligation. Tell them that crusty ancient deal toward a call 1-877-777-3336. What could be simpler? They give you free carpet disposal, free furniture moving, a 25-year warranty, and years and years of beautiful, easy care laminated wood flooring. So check this out, call Laminate Soros today toll free. 1-877-777-3336. If you're feeling for a place, I said young men, once and take your own say, I said young men. Here's what you must do next. If you want to practice your faith young men, there's a place you can chill. I said young men, if you're a $3 bill, you can't break that. And then you make convert, they won't treat you like a pervert. It's positively and delightful. It's positively and the abuse, full search again. The new business has not changed, and there is no doubt. It's one who's a person out, it's what's afraid of the abuse, full search. It's positively and the abuse, full search again. Absolutely. It's an uppercut, you can worship babies, you can marry a girl next to you. A best, full search, it's positively and the abuse, full search again. All right. Young men, young men, we will let you run in. Young men, young men, we sing shows who's not here. Well, this has been a breakfast pressure. If you asked me to tell you on this set of the show, I give it about a 55 on a scale of 2. Let me show where I'm pat my self on a bag. Nice gone, Neil. Thank you, not bad. Callers is stuck pretty all the way in the show. We had a lot of good calls, you know? Right. So don't press your luck. That's a good talk for me though. 760, I'll just pretend I didn't hear him. 762, how did George do during the summer? Okay, I listened to 63. I stopped listening, 1-82, week. I really listen 1-54. Great job. Best ever, 1-37. Fabulous time for Neil to retire. 26. Keep those checks coming. Maybe the little, whatever the dog is. Bye, bye, bye. I'm five six, you're too late. I'm going to be in court. He's got a big hard on. Art, a little. Art is full of ditches and football.