uh... kneel um... it was a setup set up the set up that is the most funny i first of all on a Tuesday night i feel that one of seven and one ten the worst the sections and don't get confused you're i give you all a credit you are the man there's no question about that you are the one single handedly gonna drag this franchise out of the abyss well what you're laughing about the only way i can do it lay a lot on your big shoulders but you can handle it you're the god it's gonna bring this franchise from the abyss from the edge of oblivion and put them on a map now i got in front of me i mean you know he faxes me this morning off thirty thousand sixty four it was a setup was the fourth in July was done trial was pre-firework tonight it was a happening he wanted to come and how do you like this gas at a place what the hell is going south for is that is happening big events fsu and a canes theaters and a kid everybody shows up the rest of the time you won't find with a search party anyway here's the major league baseball attendance report as of through last night okay to that big turnout last night right worst montreal course they're out of business they're gone it just delaymed duck right averaging a little over twelve thousand a game right they draw more in Puerto Rico twenty nine Tampa Bay averaging just over thirteen thousand eighty seven and twenty eight the florida marlin's thirteen thousand three ninety just a little bit more per game even in spite of your herkilly and efforts then the Tampa Bay devil ray i'm excuse me the rays we don't want to say devil see when we don't have you here and you're there i have to immerse myself into the community to uphold your standards and let it do that is by giving away free token outfield seats yeah beer to fans and then last night i was in the lab at the attendance like they do i went to pre-firework the last time but i'm sure you're well aware that last year on the last home game of the season yeah because they were in it was up it was either the marlins or the uh... expo is that we're going to be dead last immediately attended so so the owner's Jeffrey lorry and david samsung being the up standing honest businessmen that they are and being too embarrassed to want to finish dead last and attended they suddenly found the sugar daddy nobody knows who he is he doesn't have a name nobody knows where he was but he bought up twenty three thousand ticket none of those people ever showed up for a report out twenty three thousand tickets allegedly so that they boost up that final game of tenets like twenty eight thousand said the five thousand and they just sweet by my friends are the last time i know let's talk about my right i think i must be a tenets you understand that now let's talk about my breakfast uh... you know for a month now let me see this guy i can't come to the side of the court any guy that can afford to go to the fountain blue and get put up that's got that kind of connections doesn't need no free lessons from the reason on it's out beach yesterday i have my knees is a new you're a fags city man that i got this and i got my knees is it is called Toronto fags city i'm a bit of a black and something we got a whole gta listen these little bit just shop at bb and arden and i have to spend thousands of dollars at a clip in the lesson an hour i mean i i can't even enjoy my shrimp i'm spending so much money on these girls and so is getting put up free at the fountain blue getting off four meals a day free it's important that everyone understands that they must have some cheese with their firm but out there working on a big a melanoma out in the sun and then the other thing you said yesterday i almost wrecked our blades was that i'm a homophobic you know you're ear to ear homophobic you're a friend son and you're so vulcan easy you're all we got a little girl i'm gonna do is push one button a convenience and you go off and you're dry cleaning carpet friends and dry concepts out to my pad to scrub my burger and give me my goddamn breakfast okay i love you have a great holiday you too don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you breakfast yes god he's with my phone how is his on a way right now this is sunny fox i listen to you rages could i could hear the word asshole and then we deal with hey hurry I'll straighten college, Banshari Potter. Christian college in Australia has become the latest institution of Banshari Potter books for putting evil wizardry in a good light. Morantha, Christian college near Melbourne, Australia said the books provided wizardry is normal, not a message that students should be of both. This is a college, this is not kindergarten. Not even like middle school or high school, it's a college, a Christian college. Well they don't count. A string of other schools around the world have taken the same step in recent years, principal Bert Langewack said as Christians, which craften he occult are considered evil. Absolutely. It's been widely publicized that many children have tried to cast spells as result of reading the books and that is not a few we want held, don't be holding it. We would deal with same Macbeth and Hanna because evil there is being portrayed as evil and not being portrayed as good. Harry Potter, evil is whatever it is. That's true. Are you as judge recently overturned a band by an Arkansas school district after rejecting arguments that Harry Potter encouraged witchcraft, a pile of Potter books were brought into New Mexico and he's sent it to 2001 by a religious group who claimed Harry was the devil and we know better cause he ain't the devil, it's for Mel's the devil, right? J-U-U. A preacher at least in Maine, marked the Chamber of Secrets release by holding a party in which he shredded copies of Potter books. The books were successfully removed from private schools in the United Arab Emirates because the government said the story was contrary to Islamic values. The latest book Harry Potter in the order of the Phoenix was released to worldwide friends on June 21 and you had sold almost over six million copies by now, but the thumb's speaking right now. You got yours yet? Oh God. They're wrong in that article. About what? The witches in Macbeth are not treated as evil. They're just fortunate. But I'm just telling you what they said, that they're rational for why they don't take Macbeth and Hamlet out of there because there would be two embarrassing, but Harry Potter that's acceptable, I guess. And I'll straighten some Christian church. Polycrath. You know, there's an interesting cause this morning I come in to studio and here already how to off the fancish machine. Teams a hot ticket for a crowd of 30,000, 60, 84. You know, South Florida is the most front running phony place. Almost every place is front running and phony, but not to the grease South Florida is just like most people are free loaders, but not to the grease South Florida be. So it's quoting like, here's Miami's Mark Udy Eras who bought his box seats. Oh, and by the way, we apologize here on QA, I want to be the first to say the clearance owes in a apology. We have the wrong time. This, you know, for all gets everybody whipped up in our friends, you will be have all accredited for the 920 and 920 people who allegedly blocked tickets to walk up and bought him before the game. The second largest walk up in franchise history gives Scott all accredited for that. But when it be nice if we had the game time right on your Marlon station, it would be nice. Have a nice touch. Who cares? I guess those people who showed up there. Few of them were promoting all day. I kept his schedule still front of me here. Marlon's I'm Dex, 630, Marlon's in a brave 705. I'm watching City Pulse, which is like, like I see an N. Headline news, you know, it's one of those busy screens with a million different things on it. And it's 20 to late. 20 to late. And it says in a bottle of the screen at the end of six innings, it's Florida one in the land and nothing. I'm thinking 20 to late and they played six innings. This must be the fastest game in history. It's in Posseblee. And so I come in here and I look on the on the Sun Sentinel website and sure enough it's a 605 game. So Clarets and the people of QA in Europe, Marlon's station want to apologize profusely. If anybody showed up later was confused because we had the wrong game time. Shame on you, Clarets. Well, for brothers trying to get all these people out there and build up the Marlon's and do all of this other waste of time. Well, he's trying to do that and you're given a wrong guy damn game time. This Clarets, you know, since he and a beast are getting it on like on a very regular basis, he hasn't got a lot of money. He's got time to like do his homework. He hasn't got a clue what's going on. We got the Hillary man. We got the Hillary book. We'll do that after the break. We got to results yesterday's pool. My Tyson, they hit him like poison. Can't stand my Tyson. The Spiesom. nauseating stereotype. In fact, I think it's the white guys who primarily. Paper does all those paper view fights that he hit. I think it's mostly white guys. There's most of the dark guys first of all. They ain't got the money to pay for no paper view. Anymore than they got my legal by tickets to a sporting events. So, for Rouse, going to put him on a mat. Yeah, I rest my case. Okay, it's all. I'm tickled with that for him. It's a great responsibility he's taken, but it's on his shoulders. I hope he's getting the cut. That troubled friend. He ought to be getting the cut. He ought to be on the payroll. Right on. For all the work that he's doing, given away all those free tickets and having like sex or he's out there in the outfield. Why not hold that? What's wrong with that? I had a laugh yesterday. I mean, you know, he just says it. He just says crap. And it just, you know, each of those people in those two sections spent a hundred bucks a piece. Stop and figure out nine bucks for parking, okay? Okay. Where do the other 91 bucks go? Let's see. That one did about 15 beers and six hot dogs a piece, right? That's his crowd. Me beers and two hot dogs. Yeah, that 90 bucks. You're right. I forgot about that. Iced on Scott, you're doing it. So he's the man. And then, of course, we're going to look forward to him doing the same thing for the Panthers this year. Is he going to do that? No, not unless they actually start spending some of that money. Now, they were yesterday here on the sports. And that we're saying it. Rick Dudley is a talk and he's going to. He's got money to spend. So let's see if they're just talking through their ass again or they bring some real players in as opposed to the youngsters in the organization. I'll say it again when you put a crappy product out there, people are going to spend the big bucks to come out and see it. Marlins, you don't have to spend big bucks. Take their cheap. But the fact of the matter is, they're still 500. They're still 11 games behind Atlanta and all of this big hoop lie, you know, and it could only be for well, right? So I used Scott, saw you, man. No, it's that. But the team they love the team. No, it is not. It's not on trial a little bit. Who's amazing? But I don't care. Baseball's boring. Wither without Don Trail or Tomorrowland's or Scott. Baseball's boring. It's just no two ways of on it. But the people are so terrified that something exciting is going to happen and they're not going to be on a bad wagon in time. Like back in 97 when a wonderful world serious and a playoff game, some of them they early playoff games had a lot of empty seats, unsold and burasing like in Atlanta. Lot of firm running phony towns. 1013 at 5.60 WQM. According to Martha Fourth did you lie, we hope everybody has a great and safe holiday. And then of course starting on Monday we go into our summer's soon. I mean, our summer schedule will be great. George is all whipped up to our frenzy for it. Jake and he's going to be doing all summer shows in the forwell voice. I can't wait. You know, hurricane season's here boys and girls before a storm hits you always put up shutters to protect your widows and doors in the house. But what about the roof of your house? The so-may paint factory makes roof master. roof coating that can help you hurricane proof your roof. So-may's roof mechanic saves hundreds of roofs. You're it saved in the past hundreds of roofs during hurricane and were well-unprotected roofs were peeling off and just flying down the road. So-may's also got waterproof coatings for every kind of roof ever built called a so-may paint factory SLMA Y. At 305-633-633-333 the so-may paint factories the oldest quality paint waterproof coating manufacturer in Florida. Waterproof your house with a fantastic product from so-may. They'll save you might be because they eliminate the middle man markups. They sell to everyone in wholesale prices that are 60% lower that would you pay for the exact same national brands in your retail stores. So do the smart thing. Protect your home and property from South Florida's brutal dangerous tropical climate with the best paints and waterproof coatings under the sun at the best prices too. Called the so-may paint factory and tell that crusty old Neo-Tority to call 305-633-633-333 or you can find them on a web at so-may-so-may-Y-SOMA.com. You save yourself a lot of cash when you buy direct from the so-may paint factory 305-633-633-333. 33. Oh my God! This is 215-633. 2 AM. Did he talk at or did he cock it? No single artist embodies the spirit of summer like Gordon Lightfoot. Are you serious? Absolutely. And now Gordon Lightfoot takes the melody from the wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald and turns up the heat on your favorite summer songs on his new album, Gordon Lightfoot's Wet South Summer. Yes, Canada's own Gordon Lightfoot is heating up the Great White North with our red hot version of this love and spoonful clashing. Just wait until you hear Gordon Lightfoot's novel approach to summer's most famous novelty song. Put your toes in the sand and your fingers in your ears and get ready for Gordon Lightfoot's rendition of this hit from the cheney. You'll want to stick this collection where the sundown shine in your CD player. It's Gordon Lightfoot's Wet South Summer. Back to him. 18-5-633-333. At least he's consistent. He joined Joe Costello from noon till two today at the Verizon Wireless located at 69-89 West Broward Boulevard, stopped by to spin that prize wheel. And when Marlon tickets too, all, that's noon to two with Joe Costello and Verizon Wireless and Plantation see now somebody actually might take those Marlon tickets. Although they did lose last night, it was 13 innings but they did lose. So that might temper somebody's opinion out there. 288 votes on a pool from yesterday would, oh by the way, should mention. Because they won't be on tomorrow neither of anybody else on this station except the beast and the Carlos will be sitting there playing a bunch of crap. It's July 4 tomorrow. Nobody would have brains working. No. Let's see who's doing the Humber Show tomorrow. I may have to take that back because I think it's a case doing it today at Shulers. No, that's right. We got the Marlon set the fillies. They got another really game 605. Oh, I say the big. Oh, like I said, no real broadcasts will be on tomorrow. Saturday is my other's birthday. Happy birthday, ma. It should be 90 years old Saturday July 5. Are you ready for that? It's just too bad for that. Oh, yeah, she's ready. No, no change. She's still the same. You know what I mean? From 1808 votes on a pull from yesterday, which of these people represents most a ugly sexual racial or ethnic stereotype. My ties in 282 wins hands down your pants. No, even close. Nobody even close. Even though he was the late edition, I must forgot about him. Thanks to me for remembering. You're welcome. Friend, Russia, the nanny. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. It was second with 167. Our family really lead. Ilyana Gross, late in another later edition. 134, a very strong third of the place. Nice going, Eliana. They heat your light poison. You're an obnoxious disgusting stereotypical bitch. See? And not only that, but the Roseanne Rosanna Dan is a spinning intergrave. And she'd milder ain't too happy about it either. Barbara Streisand 96, that cross-eyed bitch, Richard Simmons 69. Rosyodonel 64. She was an edition like right at the end of the show. Right at the ass and. And I said, who could better represent a big fat disgusting obnoxious nasty bull bike than Rosie O'Donnell. And there she is moving all the way up almost covered she Simmons. And as she ever did catch him, she probably beat the snanautum. Jackie Mason had 60. Christopher Lowell 55 and Jim J. Bull are 46. They were asked to ask. Rosie Perez had 34. Rodney King 33. Jerry Seinfeld 32. Too Jewish. Strong thermostat 31. We apologize to that bad spelling. Don King 29. Gloria Stephon 26. Charles Nelson Riley 23. Eddie Murphy 21. Queen Le Thief and I teen. Charles 14. Kuchi Kuchi. Reese V. Abruz V. Lancia 12. Seattle. If you are people know who that queen is. Eddie Griffin 11. There's your nays Lucy. He had only eight. But it's again, it's a period thing. You know what I mean? Lucy was having her period. Does he? Would they know that's true? They weren't. No, they wouldn't even sleep in the same bed. They had separate beds. Couldn't say pregnant. And that's right. Slice the loan seven. Now we did it. We never got a good Guido. He's five long people that look upon him is being a Guido. Just as being a leader. I'm a leader. Right. Absolutely dumb, right? Absolutely. Richard Lewis six ripped Taylor six and poured any ILO head on E3 out of nearly 13. I revoked pretty good considering that nobody in town. Not too bad. We'll do that. Hillary thing in the second. But we should probably take the first call because it's online six and it's in Aventura. Here's a venture. Hello. Aventura. Going once. Oh, and the other ones that we know who the other one is two because it's online nine in my Amelda is short call. Hello. Yeah. There he is. Okay. Here's the Hillary book. Living a history by Hillary. What? Doesn't. No. No. No. No. It's gone to the point now taking the chronic concept to a new level on this radio station. You just see you need to have to see where they're calling from. Allegedly. All you do is see what line they're on. And you're ready to who it is ahead of time. So you prepare your finger and you make for a very short call. And before you know it. We're going. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Three for three. Nice call in here. Oh my on top of it or what? Go home. Let's go home. A little over the top. Oh, you are a little hysterical. You know, he wants to get an extra emphasis on it because you know it's like a the summer schedule starting. This is a day I've been looking forward to for a very, very long time. I didn't realize that for all was so easy to. Oh, you got to do his press a little button here, a little button there. And he just flip some. Very sense of its part of that active puts on very sensitive guy. Anyway, Hillary says, my mother stayed in California for 10 years never seeing her mother and really seeing her father. Her grandfather Edwin Seenie reformer British sailor left the girls to his wife Emma, a severe woman who were black Victorian dresses and resented and ignored my mother's, my mother except for enforcing her rigid house rules. Emma discouraged visitors and really allowed my mother to attend parties or other functions. One Halloween when she caught my mother trick or treating with school friends, Emma decided to confine her to her room for an entire year except for the hour she was in school. She forbade my mother to eat at the kitchen table or linger in the front yard. This cool punishment went on for months until Emma sister, Belle and recent, came for a visit and put it to a stop. How do you like that? And that's what we're doing right now putting it to a stop. That's a whole paragraph. And now we're already on page three in Hillary's book. Let's hear it. You're a great and cruel man. We're making some real progress. It's a great kind thing because this way number one it saves people 28 bucks and number two they hear it. Only little tiny doses, which is all anybody including Bubba could take of Hillary. Little tiny dose. 560560 pound, 560 of me 80 and T. That's probably how many times they did it. Those. That wouldn't surprise me. After she popped out the Chelsea that was the end of that. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. You're a smart spotting. Okay. Thanks a lot, Palo. You're sucking you blow. Okay. Thank you. See I'm telling you they're definitely going to get it in today because they know. I mean I will be on Tuesdays and Thursdays in July and August. So it's not like I'm disappearing all together. Although mentally it'll feel like I am, you know. Like a cameo appearance here and there. Get it in today, baby. Get it all out of your system. You're sucking you blow. Thanks very much for listening by the way. We're legislating every day between 10 and 2. I thank you for profusely. 560560. You think in fact, before we even start to pull me we can get like about 100 of those in a row, you know. It's kind of a parting shot for my good close personal friends in South Florida. We love you, Neil. It was suck. You blow. Yeah. You got a wooden. Exactly. So well as he's saying this morning. Don't drink and drive. Firework boy. There you go. That's what he was saying. He's a good one to be talking about that. Yes. Yeah, he ought to be doing the Dwayne's stop PSA for real. Don't drink and drive. It's bad. It's dangerous. Here's a call from now. Why are there like these little. I never asked being a boy. Why he does that. Why do you put those little stars on there? If I have a feeling that there are cranks. But you're never right. You're never right. Occasionally. I beg the differ sometimes. Well, once they're very wild. Yeah. Yeah. I do a lot better just by looking at which line it comes in on using the force. It is a may. I had the force within me within my. Blackthumb because some of these people have got their own private line now. Because it's doing that was here. They did become such an integral part of the show. It's important that we get them on to the head of their own direct line to get on. Here's a call from candle with four stars. Hello. Four stars. Do I have to tell you how you doing? Pretty good. Yeah. Good. And I just got one of my mom's promotion. That's going to be going on. Which is getting some chocolate. Covered yellows in a free bottle of dragon motion. Now you're talking. Yes, sir. Open the upper deck. Maybe 50. Yeah. Okay. Oh, man. You turned. I love it. I'm telling you we're going to have a wonderful time here today. You exactly hate you. We wish you a die. Well, not before. Yeah. Not before they die because then it would have nothing to listen to. Here's the poll for today. We're going to be really Godfather intensive. I don't know that there's that many for them to add. You know, I mean, there are, but not that we get any votes. What's let me get them. Then you get the music cranked up here. Okay. So we have the proper accompaniment for this. Here we go. Who is your favorite character from the three Godfather movies? Godfather? Godfather, part 2 and Godfather, part 3. You know what I didn't say, Godfather, part 1 today. I sold on factors again. Here's the list I have so far. Don Cullionny. Centino, Sonny. They shot Sonny in a cause. Who's dead? Michael. Clomenza. Fat Clemenza. Tesio. Tom Hagen. I never saw the Godfather. I stuck that in the middle there, but. Well, no, I didn't want to forget to put it on there. Never saw the Godfather. We can't play any of those I'm sure. Sophia. What a big schnaz. Connie. A sterical Connie. Tadio Cher, keep it all in the family. But at least she was good, you know. She was great. Frado. Frankie Pantangely. I was still sitting in the bathtub, by the way, it's about time somebody cleaned the mountain. Salud. Salud. Salud. What was the vampire teeth? I loved Salud so he was there. His name actually was Virgil. Salud. So I don't think we need the first name. Captain McClusky, Sterling Hayden, great actor. He's dead. Oh, he was a good actor. Yeah. Try the wheel. It's the best in the city. Kettle McClus. A little hard going down. Talk about the last supper. Vincent. Real good. Vincent would have been a good Guido. Oh yeah. Nuri. Simon Ross. Mo Green. Look at. I don't have time for all of these things. We've got, you know, we got plenty of time here today. We'll drop them all in. You know who I am. I'm Mo Green. I made my phone when you were going out with cheerleaders. Look at Brotsie. Don't call you. And Jack Walsh. One of your very favorites. Now I like them too. He was here. He was a pit. I don't get how many. I don't get any. What? Great ball. Come out on the one one. Amen. We don't see. Amen. No band leader. That's right. Yeah. Great. That's right. Yeah. Great. So there you go. That's our list. Your favorite character from the three godfather. What was including I never saw godfather for those of you. People who just, I feel so bad for those people. You know what? They think they were live and somewhere to something like missing in their life. Now over the holiday weekend. Those of you who are like shut ins or maybe it's going to rain like cats and dogs. They lately. Really. That's what happened yesterday is going to find coming in and all of the stuff will be into the world. So this weekend, if that happens, maybe I don't want to have it support your 4th July picnics and stuff. But if that should happen, there's a good idea. Get the trilogy on DVD. You know, if your cheap skate, you only have a VHS, VCR or just get the biology. Yeah, we're getting the biology. And stick them in there. Because before they stick your action around, you want to see the godfather. Okay, I'm going to talk about movies if you haven't seen the godfather. Exactly. I'd be like talking about movies without seeing the, what? Last week I'm Homer Sunset. My local, we're sports video 560's you and you. Yeah. Everyone to complain to this station. First, Marlon Grando was the godfather. Then I'll put you know, was godfather 2 and 3. No, get ready for the ultimate godfather. Godfather 4. Godfather, you must help for me. Leave the guns of that coming in the bund of my house. And then I have to my family. Maybe you could order a hit or something. Hey, jump right here. I'll take my hits. Come and see the band. Make it feel good. You get up like a ses machine. Get them gotta give it up. Turn it loose. Get up and get foot. Make them ready to go sweat. Come see us. Please. Please. Oh. Godfather, pardon me. But you just said don't look like any of the other conlionists. Put the unibabby on a macaroni. I think I'll be knitted if. I have a soul food. Put my chin and please. Let it make it break out of the clothes. Go fall on. Oh. The godfather 4 is starring James Brown. The godfather soul. He'll make you know for you can't understand. Absolutely. 1034-560 WDK. The new pole is up and the as expected. Don Corlioni is leading. See if is the definitive line from the whole trilogy is. I want to make him a Alfred. Right. Is there any debate about that? Right. That's the defining line of the whole godfather trilogy. Yeah. That's son. He was such a pit. No. I'm not. I did vote for Don Corlioni because without him even though he wasn't in part two or three, the word Marlon Brando. His younger character with the Nero was in it. But I mean Marlon Brando was only in the first one. But in spite of that, without him, there would have been no godfather. See what I'm saying? Right. Con Corlioni is got five. Michael has got two. Clemens is one. And one who never saw the godfather in the early returns. Okay. Let me say it again. All this talk about movies last couple months. If you haven't seen the godfather, you haven't started. There's no point even worrying about any of these other ones. Like bedspotter and the train spot and toilet spot. Forget about that. It's the yardstick. It's the yardstick of life. I want to make him an off-regain. Exactly. No, that's seriously. That's it. That's it. I was at Carroll City because you wrote Croll City on it. Which I don't think there's a Croll City. Is it? Yeah. Carroll City, probably. Here's Carroll City or something. Hello. You forgot him and him and him and him. I was in. From yesterday. Crona. Come again. How many times he got a call today? About third man. Just relax. Pally. We're not going anywhere. George will be on Monday. I'll be on Tuesday. I'll be on Thursday. Thursday Saturday. You know, the way it goes. Like, I'll only would say this relax. Put it back in your pants. You're a crazy person. I'll put all the up till these last couple of days. We ever discover just absolutely how crazy this guy is. How come we'd more and I know him before? Oh, they're just all crazy. They're just lump them all in together. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. It's me for real. Yeah. But subscribe. I'll breakfast for two over at my favorite place. How about breakfast and Tiffany Scott? Yeah. That's all. I'll bring Andre Hepburn. You bring 34 C. Okay. Ha ha. He's the talk of the town. Make no mistake about that. Outside the station, they're talking about him inside. And of course, inside some of our desperate meetings. They're probably talking about him too. But you know, how nervous our management could. Yeah. Just a bunch of penny waste. Yeah. Yeah. Of course, you know, who's sitting at home right now speaking of what you just played. Absolutely. Crap it in his pants, which is not unusual. Why when he keeps reaching around in there, you know, has a tendency to loosen everything up. Not a good idea. No, he seriously. I told him when he first came. He need to loosen up a little bit. I think he misunderstood. He didn't catch my drift right. You know, he wasn't talking. I wasn't. Ha ha. Maybe he's seeping. But at any rate, he's sitting at home. And what do we have that thing? You probably forgot to put that in there. I'm listening. Actually, I put it into a mini disc. And now what? What is that? Why did you do that? Oops. I put it after a mini disc. And then he lost the mini disc. And he lost the mini disc. Oh, you might even bother, you know. My father. Was there he thought that he'd disc? And what's he going to do with it? Stick it up his ass. I don't know. He should be putting his gun on the plate on the air. But yeah, he does. But anyway, Moe's a homeless and that's the point. He's he was sitting there. He is. Absolutely. And the getting the drift that for well is getting hotter than a goddamn hell. And as we zoned that, there was a crossover this morning. Yesterday we didn't have one this morning. It was a fairly lengthy crossover with guilty and for well. It sounded pretty good. It sounded like those two were starting to bond. If you ask me. Oh, yeah. So if I was sitting at home right now, picking my ass, I'd be getting really, really nervous. In fact, I probably have one finger in my left nostril and one between my cheek. Right now. Getting real nervous about what's going to be happening. I don't know what to wait and for you know, isn't just it don't you agree with me. It just a matter of time before for well as on 6 to 10. Right. I mean, Moe 5 to 6, you know, an hour did drive to work an hour on here and an hour did drive home. That's three hours as well. It's not a matter of this. It's a matter of when. As Bob Green would say, Here's a call from Orlando. It says hello. How you doing now? Pretty good. How are you? Pretty good. I'm actually very happy to finally get to talk to you guys. I'm usually at work, but today I'm off. I'm going to give you a call. Good friend of yours up in Orlando. We'd like you to say hi to a for us. I hear. Yeah. Hi. Those are the best. They are. But I want to say that I love your show. I like George. I don't know what everybody gets on this case about. Actually, my George was on on sick on Tuesday. I invited people to call in and rip him and ask because they knew he was sick and out listening. We only had two or three. No, we only had two or three and everybody else was full of crap. So they didn't rip him and ask. They didn't want to say you show us great and I have to listen over the internet. But I still enjoyed every day. You make my work day. Good. And if it all possible, could you play the like recleam for a dream? Oh, I love that. That's amazing. That's amazing. That's amazing. That's amazing. That's amazing. That's amazing. You got a mind. Thank you. Have a great day. Good holiday. Bye. Well, there was a real call. Of course, it took somebody from Orlando to call in, but you wouldn't expect one from like Dayton Broward. That would be a little bit carried away. What? What? Normal person. I'm not saying this last guy was like a normal person, but everything being relative. He was a pretty damn good. Twenty to eleven at five. Fifty. What's the schedule look like today? We got the mad dog down there again. Another toughest time that he's in key west at Chulas. Then we'll show from two to four. Then we got Eddie K at Chulas in town. And my name is Lake's four to seven because Hank is another really brutal assignment. Hank's on a way to Vegas. I hope you're doing some shows next week, one or two or whatever. Then you got Chulas in March, seven and ten tonight. How did you like that? As we start moving into our July fourth, our holiday mode as Chulas in Markaron when somebody is actually awake seven and ten tonight. The big tended to it any slot. Any S.P.N. radio overnight if you can handle it. My life and love. This is Fort Real by sixty. Way and way. Well, I mean, can I use something my crowd next friend? I wore much better pants when my career was alive. You got to get out and want milk. You're not going to wait in here. Hey, you want something to eat? When you got. Uh, nothing. But I can pull something out of my ass. Namo. I got it when going. I'm starting a new business. Very no good. Yeah, I'm going to be a hooker. I'm proud of my mum. Thanks. No, yeah. You sure you're awesome, me, huh? Oh, I see. Tell you. Hey, what are you trying to do, C. Oh, no, I don't know what you're talking about. You just took a piss to a sweet little pill. Never scripted him more or less. I got him from my deductor. What's that? Doctor. What's that, Toyan? Who looked my parents, who opened his queue. My god, this place is a mess. And my underwear smells like hot ballori. I've got to hear my favorite show is on. We got a loser. Dad! Dad! Dad! Dad! Move, move, move, move. Move, going in this front press, dig it. Broke it right out, flat it. Yeah! Oh, me, buddy. I just like to see. That's a lovely dress you got on there, y'all. Hello, ma'all. Thank you. I am such a pretty mother. I feel like one of the toughest three. I just look, look, look. I'm an ancient man. You want to make me cow hatch. So, I'm like, who, look, you want to win this? I like to turn in. I don't break my highly desirable ass. I actually want to win this game. You want to win this game? You want to win this game? You want to win this game? Can't I ever break my eldest? Can you make me another ancient man? Take a look at this ear. Get in, ma'all. Hey, buddy. Hey, hey, drop me. Oh, I was on radio, y'all. I was on radio. Just so kind of told that you won't see anything. Broke it right. The boy, the boy, the boy, the boy. I was on radio. Oh, boy. The boy, the boy. The boy. I was on radio. Broke it right. The boy, the boy. Well, hello. Up and I decided to stop by. You see how you were doing. Oh, that guy died. Oh, this is terrible. It's 1046 and 560 WKM. He is absolutely the best. You know what that mall? Make no mistake about it. The right nothing like mo. Nope. So the second most important line in the godfather, all three movies is. The god. Take the canoli. What do you have? But apparently the cutest line. I'm very serious about that. Let me stay again. He's a good. Take the canoli. See, he had his priorities straightened up. Right. Plus he knew that if they took an African-olice, Connie would save seven and four later on for Eli Wallach and got father three. It might have been a little bit stale by then, but not what they have. 560, 505, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. We're giving away tickets for tonight's Marlins game. Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you talking about the godfather? Oh, but the useless guinea's to have no circumstances. Oh, it's Reverend Jo. Oh, yeah. Like I said, that's what is that for now? Fort Criter, not even another clock yet. We've had four of our most famous chronics. You know, I'm see I've been doing this countdown for today. And every once in a while in a moment of giving this. I'm starting to think about the countdown, the final countdown. You know what I mean for like, oh, end of this, the end of the contract, the end of the career, the end of the end of this thing. Oh, I can't even begin to tell you how giddy I'm going to be. Oh, Neil, what would you do without the outlet at the radio show to be? It's a little bit too cool. Probably live in extra 15 years. Here's a call from Naples, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. I'm from Naples. Is that what we said? That's why I just said Naples has a Naples Florida, I'm assuming. Yeah, I got cut off. I got a question for you. Actually, in the Miami area right now, and I do listen to your program over here, and I do get it in Naples at times, five, six, you'll come in. Do you guys have a facial over there like Naples are for Myers at? No, we used to, but they are cut off off because they're too busy putting a bunch of religious crap on. A little bit too left wing for the West Coast of Florida. Yeah, this is a little bit. Okay, what is your, I guess I can listen to it over an internet when I'm in Naples? There you go. You got it. And what's your internet address? On theorangers.com, any ILROGERS, no Dino A, NeilRangers.com. Because I tried to go on it, no Dino, I couldn't get advantage. I enjoy listening to your program. Excellent. All right, well, Wilson, thank you. And that's a good for you. And you too, thanks a lot. Thank you. See the good people today from Orlando and Naples. I've told you for years, there's nothing wrong with South Florida that wouldn't be cured by a people transplant. Absolutely. That's the problem. I mean, we got a small percentage of people that are really pretty good. Not third man. And the other 70% I wouldn't wish on April Brown, Jr. I mean, on anybody. Oh, that's the problem. Got the nice beaches. Beautiful climates for about what? Two weeks a year. Maybe month. Maybe about a month, like in January, once in a while. Oh, seriously, it's just a fine place, except for the fact that they got the wrong people there. A lot of assholes and self-floor. I want to every street corner. There's another major, major asshole. Every phone line. You just said, look at this. He's got the only a couple actually. See your slip and being a bride here and here, there's more cranks on it than just two. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. In regards to the guy's father, I'm going to say, you know, what do you think about what I said of it? What do I think about pulling a Santa? What do you mean what do I think about it? I think he's a week week sister. You don't think so. He's weak. Wake. Just like your phone line, weak. What the hell was that all about? Hola. Hello. Oh, for just a second there, I thought we lost a line. Was his phone line, right? It was his phone line. Well, he need a hug out there. He was a he was weak. Was he weak? The thing you put it brings a lobby and I sign, leaks. Yeah, what do I think about pulling a Sarah? Be my friend. I don't have that. God, follow. And the third most important line that I already played. I don't get how many take, I'll get you off, please. Come back a lot on the one point. That's Jack Walshman. He had away with words. He had a lot of good lines. I know, band leader. I heard that story. The hard heart had set of a bitch, whatever he says. And don't forget. We must go to the Courier. Speaking of Bonaceta. Suspended to sentence. This scum. They not. But she kept the honor. And anyway, here's a call from the coconut Greek, hello. Yes, sir. What about, what about his Maryland? Is this like he's leaks with the fish? He's leaks with the fish, yeah. We love the goda. That was a good one now. In fact, when he said he sleeps with the fish, they thought they was talking about Tesio because they knew he'd be going to be playing with the fish. He was going to be a good one. He was going to be a good one. He was going to be a good one. He was going to be a good one. He was going to be a good one. He was going to be a good one. He was going to be a good one. He was going to be a good one. He was going to be a good one. He was going to be a good one. He was going to be a good one. He was going to be a good one. He was going to be a good one. He was going to be a good one. He was going to be a good one. He was going to be a good one. There you go. That's right. Because that seems to be happening more and more on our station now. You notice that Hank is working about two hours a day. Once a day, once a day, while when he shows up. I like that. That's my motto. Now, let's work more pain. That's what we're doing. Beautiful thing. And then closing. No, no, no. That's what he said to the homo. No, no. That's what the parents told the beast. No, that's not. No, no, no. He did. He's getting really. He's really. 560? 560. 560? On the AT&T. Right. Why do you know when you're out of practice for that long? You have to like ease into it. Oh. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Marley Cole? Oh. Very nice. So reading though today. Very quiet. Very low key. Kind of a fourth of July. Very patriotic. Marty told. line nine, which is always the same person. Here's Miami Lakes. Hello. He's always got his thumb right on it. 5605060 on the AT&T and keep one thing in mind. Don't drink and drive. Firework boy. There you go. Keep in mind. Don Corlion A 22 votes, Migueli, Michael's got 19. Never saw the Godfather 11. That just tears my guts up. Santino, sunny. Santino's got 11 votes. There's nothing wrong with sunny. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. Santino looks a little like a piece of Swiss cheese. Come in to 7. Look at what I see. We missedpelled a lot of these names badly. We apologize. 6. Frankie Pintangeli 5. Tom Hagen 4. Mo Green Head 4. Hey, Mo, what do you see? What do you know? Jack Waltz 3, highman Rothhead 3. Sofia 1. That's that kid that likes her nose. He's got the hotst for her nose. He'd like to sit on it. 3.01. So let's go one. And none for Niri or now what is that? Tessio, not Ressio. Tessio. But Jesus. Now is that you've been a boy? Is that Eric again? That's Eric. He's never seen the Godfather. No, Tessio with a T, not where. He's never seen the Godfather. I knew there was something desperately wrong with his emotional development. The man has never seen the Godfather. You're Ressio. That is so freaking embarrassing. Hey, Eric. You're gonna talk about it. Anyway, Ressio don't have any votes. He had neither this Connie or McCluskey or Vincent. How to bomb her date votes are good for Andy Garcia. Who still stand out there in front of where Alianeito used to hang out. He's still standing there in front of the house. That was so embarrassing. It was so humiliating. I mean, we've seen Shane was pandering, especially if you read the Herald every day. But that had to be the ultimate. Between Gloria Estefan and Andy Garcia, Prancing around out there in front of the house. Was there anybody else I'm leaving out? I thought I could take up. See, he said there. Besides Rich Sanchez, who of course is busy making Frank at calls to that cell phone. Oh, don't go to sister jeans house. Turn around and come back. They changed their mind. He didn't. He damn near. I think that he couldn't get you on that cell phone. He damn near interfered with American history right there. This is a little squatting turd burger who's good buddies with Kester no balls now. Rich, that says. You know, like a bad penny, he just keeps turning up again. He will not go away. He's like, what's your name on Channel 4 and Jalore. The silly goose. And also like, what's your name? Me, shell, Gillan. The bad pennies, they just keep coming back over. Just when you think you get him out of town in their long gone. Mr. Ego, same thing. He was in the earth for how many minutes. Not a half an hour cup of coffee. He came back. They kicked his ass out. Same with Angela Ray, the same with all these other losers. Now Rich Sanchez comes back and he's a sucking up with all the other losers. Hey, why do I cast your nobody? I just talked to Duff this morning. He says we still don't want to hire you. Here's a call from Miramar, hello. Same crazy. Yeah, we know. We know. We already marked it down. Here's heaven, sure. Hello. Mr. Rogers, how are you? Pretty good. Sir, how are you? I'm hanging in. Hey, listen to your show probably 20 years. My dad caught me hooked on you. Oh, right. Ever since then, you've been on the dial. Hey, Walter got to be the best character because of his quick wit when Tom Hagen tells him I'm not Italian. I'm Irish German. He goes, well, my Nick Crow friend. It would be with the, uh, the slurs. Well, I mean, I was talking to my brother. My friend. Well, I mean, I'm talking to my Crow. Nick, friend. Well, I mean, tell you something. My Crow, Nick, friend. Exactly. That's it. Adam and Sarah, you're the best. Hi, Sally. How are you? How are you? You two are thanks. Have a great fourth. Did you lie, sir? And whatever you do, I'm not going to get this. I'm trying to queue it up again real fast. You're on the, it's hard to do on a, on a cassette machine. Don't drink and drive firework, boy. There you go. Little advice from our good, the Mr. Marlin, the Marlin man. Put that damn Billy the Marlin to shame. I think you ought to be the team mascot. Don't you? Okay. Well, I guarantee I can see him running around the stands. You're all the same. It was me great. Actually, might be a little bit of fun out there for a change. I'll just do the, not that I'm going to hurry to get through the show today, but I just do that damn, uh, page your way. My life and low, this is for three or five, sixty. You're way too way, yeah. Get taken a spare, of course. Talk about loose vocal. Wow. One is the total standards at a Marlin's game. Three, four, eight to two, no one. That's the total standards at a Marlin's flat day. Two, might wait to see your home run. Back to Marlin's game. You might see the only one to get a stroke from the sun. Watching all of the dark day. You'll be there for a love and have yourself to hopefully hear. So, we'll go for a walk and have a nice talk with the guy over there. For a small piece of jewelry, ten-ditch, one, two-ditch, I'll let him in. All the kids are marlin's kids, they just stay always with him. All the boys are the families who have his children and their parents. All the boys are marlin's kids, they just stay always with him. All the girls don't have their own. Absolutely. Now, you know what inspired me to play that, don't you? I'm sure that that's the fashion, fracy and candle. Nice, gone, fracy. It was a great perspiration. And I just love Amy Man. Are you sure positive? Not as much as Brad the Barton you're going to close the camera. Anyway, she says more movie talk. I agree with you, Tracy. She likes it. She says I watched about half hour of Magnolia last night. Started at nine, could make a true, so I taped it a watch the rest of the night. It's a long movie, folks. It's over three hours. It'll be on independent film channel over the weekend for those who haven't seen it yet. Once again, you are absolutely correct about Magnolia's greatest. Yes, I am Tracey. I'm totally hooked, me too. No matter how absurd it got, I just can't stay away. But actually, redeem Tom Cruise and Julian Moore's actors. She is, well, she, I don't know, I never seen anything bad. But at any rate, she was so great. Yes, she was. Potty Motho, clean up your act. You're right. And when it makes me see Jason Rulbars, isn't he? Roe Parkridge, you'll die and guide that to him. I also want some. Yeah. The only downside is that I'm anticipating an anti-climactic frog raining ending that you and George talked about. Thanks for another classic recommendation. Happy summer schedule. Thanks, Tracey. Well, actually, it's not that not the end of the day. That's not the end of the day. The frog thing isn't the end of the movie number one or number two. Even though you know what's coming, because I've watched it three times now. And even though you know that this scene is coming, it doesn't make any difference. No, the frog part is climactic. That's good part. Yeah. Especially for a what's his name, Jimmy. Yeah. Yeah. You're right. Shot the TV screen, right through it. A little TV too. I guess it was like one of those if you have a kitchen. Dammit. I must have met something. Shot that damn thing right through the screen. He was on a rainy. Magnolia isn't there. That's something symbolic there. I would guess. Like maybe that was like the end of his TV career or whatever. But anyway, she's right. Magnolia is sensational. And I know you want to go bitch about the end. But if you go down each and everybody. I don't want to go down. I can't. Now the godfather. I know that she mentions Magnolia because there's a good parallel here. And you know something this is even better. Although there are three different godfathers. There's only one Magnolia. But if you if you just take the original godfather. Part one. If you took the first one. One. You know what I'm talking about. I want to be sweet. Also. I mean, if you go to godfather three, you can pick out your jammel. And this performance was embarrassing. You like Walak who's performance was grow. Test maybe the worst in history. So fear, which the less the said the better. You know. But in in Magnolia, everybody who was in it. Everybody. I mean, everybody rule from what's his name to play the the caretaker there. What is his name Paul Stephen Jones? Whatever his name is. Right. And the and the cop and the daughter. Jimmy. Gators daughter. The little kid. The little kid. The with the quiz kid. Stanley. Which is Stanley. Uh, would you make macy the does donny the quiz kid? He's always good and can we can we give him right everybody. Everybody who was in it Tom Cruise where the lucky man. Not he was great. You like Willie Mace. Macy and Fargo. Yeah, I can't find it. It's not I keep looking for it. But the the Bina's empty. But I'll get it. So thanks anyway, Tracy. A bug on us. See this facts is what about the forgotten test. You know, well, we didn't forget him. It's just that the area is living a sheltered life in Orlando. And he had recio on your okay. And he changed the tates. He only liked that no votes. Now that would surely be one of the top 10 moments or lines in all the three movies. Can you give me off the whole time? Pro time say. It looks a Robert Duel who shakes his hand to a celly and he nods to the guys to take him away and about a big. Yeah, tates. Let's see him number. Yeah, can you give me off the hook Tom for all the time to say. And he says it like so soon. You know, like only able to go to could do it. Because there's hook and forget line in your dancing on the speed. And that was a great scene. Little girl. She's got her little feet on top of issues or the cold vertebrain is the trail, which I just gave. Can't do it, Sally. Tom Higgum. The ruthless Tom Higgum. Maybe I can help. Here's one. You're out. Tom. Maybe you need to have separate categories. It says for Don Cologne. Marlon Brando or Robert D'Niro. It says they both will ask us for their portrayals. And also it says F.O. Well, says F.U. See? That's not it. What about K? Oh, we won't put her on there. Yeah. Is it true Michael? Is it true? You know, I was trying to think of the ending of Godfather, the part one. Oops. And of course, it's the thing where, no, she goes through that thing about is a true and did you have Carl Kildo yetto? Because Connie, she's hysterical. Has derical. And don't ask me about my business. And he's slamming onto the end desk. Just this one time, I'll let you ask me about them. Is it true? No. No. No. He hit. No. No. No. And she looks at him like she may be almost believes him and she goes back in a kitchen. And now she's got the door halfway open. And she sees fat Clemens is there with a guy, the bodyguard, couple of the other Aguitos. And her kissing his ring. Because now of course he's the new Godfather. And the door closes. One of them come over. I think it was nearie. Mm. Comes over and closes the door in case face in a screen goes black. And that's he. Oh, that was such a great scene, you know. Yeah. Well, they all were great scenes. Everyone. All this time. I look at his 19 people that's almost 12% of the audience haven't seen any of the Godfather's yet. Shame on you. Okay. Get with it. I'm telling you, you'll never ever regret it. Every moment will be a moment will spend better spent than go to some stupid ass Marlin Game plus the round the road for three weeks. Now anyway, any all star breaks. So you can't be used. That is an excuse. All right. Kill someone as dead time and soft load. I can't think of anything better than you. You get a great movie. Stick it on your DVD play or whatever you were on stick it. That might be good too. Don Coyoni, what's your favorite character from the three Godfather movies. Don Coyoni 38. Michael 34 type battle there. And of course since Michael was in all three, he has the edge. He has a leg up. I'm Marlin Brand. Ha ha ha. Lift that leg a little higher there. I'll never saw the Godfather. Twenty 11.6%. I feel so I'm well, maybe I feel good because maybe we can talk some of them into it. Santino, sonny's got 19 votes. Nothing wrong with Sonny that if you a little plump a plaster wouldn't help. Look at Brotsie 15. Clemenza. Oh, look at how he's got that spell. He's got two ends. Clemenza. Fact Clemenza's got 12. Get him straightened out there. Were you being a boy? Get it embarrassing to us. We're supposed to be the Godfather experts. These are Clemenza. Eric, you're retarded man. You really are Tom Hagen 10. Can't do it, Charlie. Simon Roth 5. The scene in Godfather 2. Were there having the Senate hearings on Amafia? And of course then Frankie Pentangeli looks back and sees his brother that they just brought in. Nice. Nice cap. Nice head gear. And all of a sudden he decides to change his tune. I didn't know, Godfather. Any goes to that whole thing. Oh, yeah, I better not call it only this. That's the answer. Whatever you say. And then all of a sudden they're like all been out of shape and all the senators are like rustling their papers around. Well, we have sworn testimony on the guy with a mustache. And Tom Hagen screaming, you all like, kind of the apology senator. I want to use it. But nobody's paying attention to what he's screaming. That was a good scene. Yeah. Time to Roth 5. Frankie Pentangeli 5. It was between the brothers. Mo Green 5. Jack Walts 3. Fred was only got a pair of proof. Fred, we can't get no respect. A closky's got one. So Fia's got one from that kid. Once the sugar knows under his armpit. So lots of one and no votes for Niri Tessio. Portesio and have any Connie's got none. And Vincent's got none. I wouldn't dare put you like Walica near Don. What do we figure out was Don? I'll tell you what. I'll tell you what. Is that it? No. Yeah, I've looked it up. You weren't paying any attention this morning as usual. Before the show, I looked it up. Don't. I'll tell you what. I'll tell you what. I'm not. I think you were doing it right near sea. Okay. You're just a little under the weather. Maybe by Monday. Maybe when does the show on Monday? How are you doing the show Monday or for real? Who knows? I'll just show up and when they come. I'm just going to go. The words are going to be doing the show on Monday. Scott's great. We love Scott for real. He's the wildest thing to come to town in a long time. But you don't want to like dilute it. You don't want to spread them out too thin. You know, that whole idea went and out and spread it up. See, Greg is so, and in fact, we did so obsessed with for real. In fact, Clarence is even more obsessed. He would try to mount him before the show this morning. That's what Scott told me. Stuff them and mount him. He was try to stuff him and mount him and put him on a wall. Tinnom to the wall. But you don't want to do a spread of good thing too far. You know, like we do tend to do. In fact, I'm thinking like 10 to noon sounds really good to me. Everybody, like Hank, he's showing us like convincing a little bit. Mad dog does only a couple of hours. Mow their squeezing down his real tight. There's squeezing it. Here's for a lot of day. Hello. Hey, Neil. Hi, don't. What's your happy 4th of July? Yes, sir. You too. Love the show. Sorry to hear you only going to be on Tuesday. It's Thursday. That's a good one. I'm ecstatic. Well, that's only in the line August. It's only the summer thing, you know. I know. Well, listen now. I haven't seen the guy father. No reason. I just haven't seen the other. And also, can you play some of that Miami's off on the huge double tank? Can you play the dolphin, the fight following the bad one? To bed when you got him on. I love that. And also, I love your subwindows. Thanks for the chronic saw. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. Okay, pal. I see you. Have a happy. Okay. Everybody's in a pretty decent mood today. Fourth of July, Marlins, even though they lost their game last night, had a huge crowd. Big girl walk up a tenons. Everybody's clinging onto that. She's soft for understand. I've been there a long time. Everybody's just desperate to write reach on to something that might be good. You know, oh, this might be good. Let me be a part of it. Let me try to like latch onto it. You know, but you're clinging on. Well, understand. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon. Wireless line. I'll tell you something that's definitely good. That's all you might. I'm popping it my post every single day. I noticed on the label yesterday's metaphor is supposed to like pop two twice a day. Okay. So I'm like doing two days now. And all you might do. All you might soft shells contain the best, the purest finest olive oil you'll ever find. Not just ordinary olive oil, but super concentrated, loaded with health benefits for you. The best of purest, the finest the nicest olive oil you ever heard of. With vitamins, minerals, and herbal supports specific health needs. From your bones to your blood pressure which I'm taking to your immune system. All you have to do is pick out the formulas that are right for you and what you need. And now there are three new oleoment formulas. One to help you sleep, one to help you control that girth and sell to you 10. Cook you 10 for your heart. Pick up somebody who you're shopping around town because more and more stores are carrying all the olimids because more and more people are poppin it. Pick it up at public's, equids, well-greens, whole food markets, and the virus in Sedanos are ordered online if you like oliumedamerican.com. If you want more info on your products, call them tool free. 1, 866, oliomed. That's 1, 866, 6536, 63, 63 for better health. Start poppin oliomed in your fat push right away. 5, 10, 65, 61. 3, 866, 63 for your health. You win! Get her in the face of five, five, five, everybody sit, sit down, I'm smart, and I want the man. Coming up on the next installment of MTV Crabs, our MTV Crabs camera crew visits the home of Snoop Dogg. Yo, MTV Crabs, what's up? Check out these Crabs. Got these fast boys from a bust-down, how I met back stays in Oakland. Now I need to be chilling with some pennies, silly. Because that got me a finabrile, is it this little leaf? Yo, it's MTV Crabs, to show you your favorite star, show you something even more intimate than their home. Hey y'all, what's up, I'm Fred Durst. And the reason my biscuit is ready, because easier parasites. Now, I got him from either Christina or Brittany, which is can't come to with a dream as to who it was. Yo, all that and more on the next MTV Crabs right after real-world, VD clinic on the 10's by. Love it's 17 at 5.60, everybody can have a spick at a Joe Costello, and Joe lost tell me when I was down there. He said he was getting a lot more action before he got married than he is now, but I guess that's not unusual. No. Joined Joe Costello, known till two today at the Verizon Wireless located at 6989 West Broward Boulevard, stop by to spend the QM prize deal. And when Marlon tickets to, while Marlon's arrived, well, it would be something to hang on to, and then you can decide during those three weeks whether we want to go and out depending on what they win any games. That's new to today, Joe Costello at Verizon Wireless in prestigious plantation, 6989 West Broward Boulevard. Here's a fact says good morning, best line from Godfather to Fredo. I'm a smart, which I think I just played that tonight. Yeah, yeah, I just played that. Also, don't forget. Look for Brassie's sister, she's a delicious. Any bad? Paman's his line. Look for Brassie's sister, she's a delicious. You know, as Tessie, we've never got it spelled right now, he's got no votes and Klamemza, who we still can't air extilicate get the in instead of the second eminors, ENZA, ENZA, as an ENZO to Baker. For your Pamanza, he's got 14 votes. Klamemza, because, yeah, he was fun. I mean, Tessie always like, you know, no, he's got the fat Klamemza or the skinny young Klamemza. No, the fat Klamemza not the skinny, a little pucky young one, who's a little little, he was a car fool. I think there were smoke and submen that car. This is an interesting story here. Oklahoma City in Oklahoma, man arrested on suspicion of beating his wife, faced year in prison and a fine. But when he's spit in arresting officers face, he got a life sentence instead of official said, yes, they would not have to spend it a sentence either. John Carl Marquez, 36, a beater, no doubt, was convicted of placing bodily fluid upon a government employee, a felony that can get well, what about it? I can carry a life sentence because of the possibility of transmitting a potentially deadly disease. What about when Moe is out there picking the dingo berries out of his coma? Only if he flicks them. I'm on the air city to get for that. I'm turning man. State judge April Seller's white sentence Marquez this week, even though Marquez may obviously are tested negative for any communicable disease, Marquez was also convicted of assaulting a police officer in a jury recommended the maximum sentence because he had previous convictions. He spit in his pussy and he's going to the Sahelbe spit on anybody else on the outside. Anyway, also this story, I think Bina Boy ought to be alerted to this. U.S. Ward of Mass Hacker attacks on the 6th of July. It's one of our bedtime stories, I guess you already seen it. The government have you heard about this? Yeah. You had? Yeah. You think this is for real or is this the... Who knows? You never know. It could be the hackers like spreading a terrible... This week you've been such a vault of information. It's been... That's beyond description. The government and private technology experts warned today that hackers planned to attack thousands of websites someday and elucially coordinated contest that could disrupt internet traffic. Oh great. A bunch of punks would not have to do, right? Right. And early warning network for the technology industry operating with the Department of Homeland Security notify companies that received credible information about the planet text and already detected surveillance probes by hackers looking for weaknesses in corporate and government networks. We emphasize that all websites of administrators should ensure that their sites are not vulnerable wrote Peter Aller of internet security systems in the Atlanta-based company that runs the Information Technology Information Sharing and Amalization Center. Separately, the New York Office of Cybersecurity and Critical Infrastructure Coordination warned internet providers and other organizations that the goal of the hackers is to to analyze 6,000 websites in six hours. New York officials urge companies to change the full computer passwords, begin monitoring website activities more aggressively. We move on as a very functions from server computers and apply the latest software repairs from vendors such as Microsoft Corp. I'm sure we're doing all those things. Oh yeah. Right now. I mean, I'm... Everyone. Our website and the QM website. I'm sure that everybody connected with WQM is busy as a beaver right now. Yeah, they're doing it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Just though we've passed that along the existing case, okay? And don't forget. Look, we'll brush your sleep with the fishes. Who's your favorite character from the three godfather movies we're asking about? Let's see, how many we got that never saw? 22, 10%. 10% of the Saudi and so far out of 220 votes and exact 10% never seen any of the three god fathers. Maybe they don't own a TV. Yeah. Don Corleoni 49. Michael 42. Sentinel 28. Sunny. I never saw that. I've been twenty two. Look at Bradsey 17. Climbs of 50. You noticed there's something consistent here? The fat. The fat people. Those are the people our audience likes. Don Corleoni. Look at Bradsey. Climbs. The fat. Oh, that's a chili on me. Tom Hagen 12, our crowd McFriend. Mo Green 8. Frankie Pintangeli 6. Fredo's got six. Time in Roth 5. Jack, I love the scene where he's got fish. Oh, Fredo, don't go fishing. And he's doing the hell, Mary's. Time in Roth 5, Jack. Well, it's five. Tesio's got a pair. Nice going her, Abe. Abe's got a pair. Salots O1. Captain McCluskey one. Sophia one. No votes for Connie. Or Niri or Vincent. We could have put the Carl O'Lean there. But he wouldn't have got no votes with it, Carl O'Lean. Not Carl O'Lean but Carl O'Lean. Well, he was funny. He was funny. And the fight. You Carl O'Lean was funny. Whatever he was funny. Yeah, that's where everybody took off his strap and he's there. But yeah, let's put Carl O'Lean there. Okay. Not to be confused with Carl O'Lean. Who's one of the bodyguards? Right. And of course, Tupritio. He was the bad bodyguard. He's the one that sold out. Yeah. Took give him a look. I'm alone in the old. I'm alone in the old. I'm alone in the old. Who likes to? See that Carl O'Lean more. Monday. Who was there? Saturday. Five, six, seven, oh, five. How did he go from Apple only to K? That's what I'd like to know. I mean, he was already with KV. He was already with him. Yeah. That was like several steps down. What's the thing? Oh, yeah. But, you know. Plus, I really luck that had. Remember she had the she was. He was had the class. She was teaching and she had her rice a little kids. And they're all outside. And he just standing there by the car with a silly big, brimmed hat. You know, but I was a time thing. Booker brands, though, where's those? Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T. See, Booker Brian, if he could get like in the time machine. He likes to turn it back to the spotlight, nineteen, fifty, five. Guaranteed. Here's Lantana. Hello. Nail. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Happy youth. I'm glad you've got it. I've been on the line for about 20 minutes now. So I have two things I want to say. Just as you've got a call about the guy that pointed out when Tom Hagen said to Michael that he was more, but he was like a brother, he considered himself a brother. Right. You know, remember that thing? Not helping if I got afraid of so much. Frater was a playing with the fool deck. He was shot a few slices of a loaf. Everybody knew what he was like. He was a fever. Yeah. He was like, he was like, he was explaining. He was like, moving in. Peanut would night. Mm-hmm. And also in that scene where Tom Hagen says, sorry, I can't do a styling. Yeah, so to me, what makes that scene? Not only does he say that, but he makes you take that step back with you. He makes that step back with his own over for a tattoo. He was gone. And he nods. He gives that little guy a wig. I'm winking at a nod. with the eyes. Right. He was so dealin, maybe. Robert Duvall is so great man. He's so great. Great actor. One great we got out there. Listen up. Oh, did you say one time about you wanted to rebel? Had that type of voice when he was a youngster? Yeah. Yeah. Remember our game comedy that character frogging? Yeah. That's for real man. Good. I think it's the same guy. Okay. They do every holiday, pal. See ya. That's the good one. The rest of the show in his voice because it doesn't hurt my throat anymore. I'm used to that all loomed up now. For Rocky. For Rocky and for Rale. Oh my god. Of course there's another one that follows them, but we still need the license. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. 51 votes. Don Corlioni. And believe me when they say don Corlioni, they're talking about Marlon Brando. Would all do we expect Robert to near okay? I mean, is there any comparison? No. No. I mean, the neural plays the young godfather. It was good. It was very good, but not like Marlon Brando. I mean, I want to make him out of it. Yeah. I certainly about a pound short of the continent and the cheeks. Man. Of course now he don't need no cotton and his cheeks. He's like probably got fat inside of his mouth. From what we understand Marlon's had lots of interesting things inside of his mouth. Don Corlioni 51 Michael 43 sunny 30. Wonder if that's the same sunny you stabbed that market by O.D. Never saw the godfather 2611.1% Tommenza. We got an ice going there. Eric, you're on top of the ice going Fatsau. Tommenza 17. Look at Brassie 17. He's a very scary guy. Tom Hagen Fort. Let me tell you something. The great movies. Like this one are the ones where you remember every scene. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Every scene was special. Never get tired of it. Watch it over and over and he's sitting there at the table at the wedding and she demands to know the story about the band leader. You know. Right. And at any goes to the whole story, which of course is the story of Benia of Jimmy is a Jimmy Garcia, a tiny doorcy and Frank Sinatra. He helps my father and his name is Fio. Either his signature or his brains would be on at the contract. That's a true story. It's my family cave, not me. What? That's the next line. Funny stuff. I have to be a levonet. If I listen, it's not just Joe Marth Jr. that I know I know what my harness racing means. I also know my godfather lines, Mr. The Ole Miss with me. Hey, here's a question for folks. If you called that a mattress at 1800 mattress yet, if not, and you need new mattress, I can imagine what you're waiting on. Because if you want the very best brand to discount prices every day without any of the hassles of showroom shopping, our urgent do what I did. What I always do, call 1800 mattress right now. Miguel's doing it. He's doing it a lot. That's what I hear. George, George, done it. Moses did it. In fact, I think Moses did it with Miguel. I'd like to watch that. These people at that people at Dalamat Pres. have got delivery data with signs. You get to choose the date and time to fit your schedule. How refreshing is that? As opposed to the other people, let me kiss it on your asshole. They don't even show up after time. With Dalamat Pres, they give you a two hour window that you pits your outstanding homoesting time. And if when it's convenient for you, they will be there. And Dalamat Pres delivers evenings, weekends, holidays, even fourth of July. Whenever it's most convenient for you. Maybe you're thinking about one of those Swedish fall mattresses you see in the specialty stores. Well, guess what, Dalamat Pres. Caries temper pedic as well. Plus all the big brand names like Cirta Simmons, King Coelcelli at Discount Pres. Every single day. No bait and swish. No phony sales. So I have a biggest mattress during the country just to phone call away. Like I said, recently our good friend, the lovely Miguel called 1-800 mattress. Got a great new mattress from the folks at Dalamat Pres. And nothing could have been easier. What he says, they showed up on time, set it up, took out the smelly heavily soil old bedding, and set up the brand new one for free. So no wait another minute. Pick up the phone right now. And call 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MATT-R-E-S come at Cresti O'Neill-Totity Call. Or check them out on that wicked worldwide web for a great night's sleep at Macros.com. We're supposed to be your 5-6-4. You a-m. Spoil of your concede. The top where they should listen. See is the kindest singer of the world as if alone. And now she has created the greatest flaggers, the world will ever smell. Seline, perfume. Hello, this year is Seline Dion. And my older will go on, yes? If you ever thought desire to smell like Seline Dion after she sweats on stage for three hours, now you can with Seline, perfume. Take a few drops and that's the modern neck of my perfume. Seline perfume is sensual scent that makes about as much scent as her English. Oh, good, it smells, no? Inspired by her music, Seline perfume is the titanic order for the beauty who wants to smell like a piece. So run, don't walk for my perfume to the store, you should go, yes? Seline perfume. When it comes to celebrity brand extension merchandising, he's one really famous. Like my music, no? Yeah, hey man, you don't want to say about Seline up here. I can't stand that slow. It's 1133-560WQA and here's an amazing story from Boko, I guess we shouldn't be surprised. Everything and soft photos like real, staugy and crusty. Anyway, a new kind of crispy cream shop is coming this way to Boko. It says, but it might not be as easy to be first in line for those tasty pastries. It'll be the franchises first without the trademark neon sign telling customers when fresh donuts emerge. The 60-60-year-old company was forced to forgo with neon sign and Difference to a longstanding city-long bokeh that prohibits expose neon signs. Instead, crispy cream is designing its first non- neon illuminated sign to let up for the donuts are rolled out. This one will be different crispy cream spokeswoman Anne Urban said, as far as where we can't discover any other hot lights that are not neon. The city's decades-old sign code requires commercial signs to be approved by the community alliance board well known for its best steadiness. In fact, Mo had a good special permit for that piece for the muskrad. The city's only McDonald's when I put out its trademark golden arches because they were regarded as improper signs, crispy cream officials expect to start building this fault without the neon sign. Oh, how sad! How sad, which is more repressive. In fact, there's three of them crossbrings, coral gables, and the bokeh. Right. Repressive, no ducks, no trucks, no signs, no neon, no no neighbor, who has a pickle truck and plain flight. But if you're across the old fart, I guess that's why I fell down a dump bokeh for this week and went down a South Beach. How do you like that? He's getting all the freebies at the fountain blue. He's got connections there, man. Yeah. I've returned to the story about the top floor at a fountain blue without used to be. Many years ago. So you didn't, I never told that. I'm sure I must have told it on the air. That's a deep club you moron. Yeah, the top floor of the fountain blue was for very, very high rollers, multi-millionaires and billionaires. They just have like meal, well, like hustlers, a funny, a top floor. That's a long time ago though. I'm going to mention that very emphatically. Although Scott said he would be looking at a man form. I think he likes anything, huh? I think he, because this morning he was talking about his real fantasy is to hump Harrison Ford. You heard it? I did? Or maybe Beenerborger? Were you in there when he was babbling about that? I don't think so. I think about everybody. And Duffkin, Duffkin, a test dude. He was in your witness. In fact, he said, I'll fight you for it. A guest evangelist was preaching at the first Baptist church in the small town of Forest O'Hio. That's in hard on county. Am I reading that right? Yeah. Emphasizing penance and asking for a sign from God. The evangelist was preaching asking for a sign from God. At that moment, the church's steeple was hit by lightning, sitting in the church on fire and blowing out the sound system. It was awesome. Just awesome. So church member Rona Cheney, 40 of rural forest. You could hear the storm building outside. The evangelist just kept asking God, what else he needed to say? It was asking for a sign and he got one. Cheney said the lightning traveled through the microphone and it developed a preacher, but he was not injured. Afterwards on Tuesday evening services resumed for about 20 minutes, but then the congregation realized the church was on fire. And the building was evacuated. It sounds like a scene from passions. The forest fire department quickly doused the flames. Damage was estimated at 20 grand. Forest is about 60 miles south of one of the most horrible places on the face of the earth. Toledo. Evermended Toledo? No. Don't. You talk about the armpit of the universe. A soft floor to is paradise compared to Toledo. And then again, so would the Cheek Toogabe any place. Buffalo is dynamite compared to Toledo. Horrible place. Don't ever go there. Okay. I mean, you might stop there on your travels. Maybe like on a way to Chicago or something like that. Indeclably. Cincinnati. Like I said. North Miami Beach, hello. Yes sir. The latest anniversary of the autotown. I didn't have a chance to call. Well, darling. Kind of a listener. Thank you so much. And it's always a breath of fresh air to hear you. I've been listening to you since 82 at least. Wow. Or that. Any other way of calling, by the way, basically, sort of three things I'll hang up. I mean, the common afterward. One of the Godfather series movies in general, very, very good. tremendous acting, camera shots and make up the whole nine yards. Very good. It's hard to put a finger on one particular actor because it's like a unit of artifact of all the characters. Right. Make it with the movie together. And secondly, I haven't really mentioned the well-tuned movies. You know, like network with such a tremendous movie because the cave is grew some future what's going to happen. Right. Absolutely. And the other one was the movie Tucker with Jeff Briggs, you know, with the biography of a press and Tucker of the automobile. I remember it ever saw that. The role is tremendous. It's just that it shows how the, you know, big three corporations just literally the story demand. I mean, just literally the story demand. And I mean, just literally the story demand. And I know that movie that just been out all fairly recent in this vibe. I think it was like, year 2000, and I think it's called Holiday's Heart. I don't know if anybody's ever mentioned to you or you've seen it or anything. No. It's the, it's the, the, the make up in it. It's the acting. And the story line is good. It's a novel. It's about a 50 year old black drag queen who represents a woman with a child who is on crack and is living with a crack addict, a pimps and gets beat up. Sounds like a lot of fun, yeah. Yeah. It has this acting instrument. It's just, absolutely. It just gets your heart. But anyhow, another thing is that I don't know if you heard this Dr. Kennedy lately been really getting on the ACLU. No, I have not. I don't pay attention to not. Oh, if it's a nightmare. I don't know. Real nightmare. It's typical old, the reactionary mentality. Yeah. I call it not to the issue of being a change in itself. Yeah, they should, they should take the cross off the top of his church. Just put a big swastag on it. Yeah. Well, holy and now. Exactly. Well, listen, have a great holiday. Pulse good answer. Good luck. Thanks. I need it. Thanks. That was interesting. The way that like chopped off there. Maybe that was an act of God. Dude, good. Here's a fashion line, who says, please head my, oh yeah. How come we left Tom Hagen off of there? We did? Didn't we? No, he's not. I could win. Oh. Well, I'm, I don't know if he got into it. He's doing very well. Well, scared to hell out of me. Scared me right out of I, uh, pantaloonies and German Irish. Lenses. I don't have the voting option online today. Well, we got him on here. Lynn, don't the panic. Also, a car to guilty show yesterday was complaining about Scott Ferrell's voice. Woo, woo, woo. That is, I wish I'd have given anything to hear that. Can you imagine that somebody calling into guilty? Of course we know his obsessed with. Up the butt. That stuff. Complaining about Ferrell's voice. She says, I'd rather listen to Ferrell than squeak squeaky boy any day. Have a great holiday, Lynn. You too. Wow. Kelly, shame on you. Oh, I took a lot. Well, 22 noon at 560 WQM, the mad dog from Key West and other brutal Simon 2-4 this afternoon. This is for 20 o'clock 6-5. You way, yeah. And you are one pathetic loser. Absolutely. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. Don. Don. I am honored and grateful that you have invited me to your daughter wedding. On the day of your daughter's wedding. And I hope that their face child be a masculine child. I pledge my ever and a loyal thing. I'm for your daughter's bridal place. Thank you. Well, I'm most glad, everything. Tom Coyone. I'm going to leave you now because I know you love this. That's a loole. At look of man, he is a very scary guy. 14-0-5-16 WQM. Don Coyone. He's the 10-head of Michael. Why not? Sure. I wanted you both for. Sunny. Cynthia? Yeah, that's your kind of guy. Especially the fight. When he's beating Carlo up and he does the shoe when the garbage can lid. Yeah. Just a pip. And the firehyper and good scene. I was like, oh, it's mooring. And the water is spritz and out everywhere. I spawn sunny. Here's Miami. Neil? Yes sir. What's up? How you doing man? Good. I've got it. I've got it for Sunny by the way. I just like the weight died. I was kind of calling. I shot the death. And when he was dead, he got kicked in the head. Something you've blown at friends along with your nice silence. And I got a question for you. How can you have so many people in Miami not seeing the gun? I don't think they know that on DVD. You can listen to it in Spanish. Oh, I never thought about that, you're right. I had a man I see it. Another thing. I thought about that. And for a survey on your internet website, you could do it. People will listen to your show. How many web positions are sex in the have while it's on the air? I had a blow job. When I listened to your show about five days ago from my friend. Excellent. It was kind of exciting. And that's why I heard something. In the bedbline was, we need to gun get the canola. Okay. Thanks, Kelly. I'm going. See you. He didn't even say blow job. I didn't even say that. I think they canola. What do you say? Please, I got. Take the canola. He stepped on commensate her a little bit. Don't do that again. It'll shoot me. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Don't forget, join Joe Costello. Good at tagging, boy. Now, let's see. Where was he? Oh, that's right. He said his family was from Naples. And he wasn't talking about Florida either. Right. He got very depressed when I discouraged him from going there. If he ever does make it to Italy. Don't go to Naples. Okay, go to a Roman Florence and whatever. But don't go to it. Don't go to Naples. But just slippers there. Just see, slippers. Hang out in the South Florida. Join Joe Costello. Noon to to the South. Noon. Any minute now. He'll be showing up there at the Verizon Wireless 69 89 West Barable Bar. Stop it. When they spin the QM prize deal. And maybe even when some Marlon tickets. That's noon to two. Any minute now. Would Joe Costello at Verizon Wireless in prestigious. How he overrated plantation. I mean plantations. There's a cabinet long time. But it's just, you know, what it is. It's just a place. Sure. Perfect. Perfect. What do I mean? It's a bourbon. Yeah, there's, uh, we ain't got much. We got the new pizza. Uh, I loft. Who don't say that? Got the new pizza loft. Everybody have Walgreens. You've got. And we got a lot of Walgreens and equards. Right. Street. Road. And we got some streets and roads. A lot of cops with radar. But other than that, uh, you know, we got the, uh, saw grass. But you know, the saw grass is an implantation. Right. That's sunrise. As you get a little bit further west on that side of the street to become a sign. Because the line is like Ziggy's Ag or something like that. Or maybe because the people of the saw grass didn't want to be involved in plantation. Because I think that the zoning laws are so restricted in plantation. I mean, you talk about Boca and the on signs. Plantation. You can't do just about anything. I think didn't Jeff have a problem with his, uh, pizza loft sign there too. I think he did. He wanted to put a sign like up by the street because you can't see him from the road. And oh, you can't do that in plantation. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. But you're moving. No. Yeah. What happened to him? 560560. Found the easiest vantage. He just disappeared in a thin air. He'll be an active god. Here's for Lauderdale, huh? Hello. Yes, sir. Um, I'm trying not to put your listeners to sleep. But then the one you should have to work characters. And Godfather likes maybe Eli Waller. No, there's only only three or four and they're all from Godfather three. We don't want to move on. We don't want to move on. Yeah. I don't want to be the model. Don't do if you're bipolar and a director. Okay. Listen, have a great holiday. You're putting me into a coma. Negative. Hostile. Hey, now that guy right there, I would track him down. He's a part of the problem. Negative. Why would you want to make a list of the most the least like characters in a Godfather? Like you said, it'd be a short list. All from part three. Yeah. Bad acting. Okay. Sophia, George Hamilton Eli Waller. That's it. There you go. How much of a list? Nobody gives a flying crab about it. Have a crappy holiday, sir. Maybe some fireworks are like blow up in your push. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon. Wireless line. We got 323 votes. Not too shabby. Not even noon yet. Boner boy. Don call you on a 68. Miguel a 61. Oh, you know who else was really good. I mean, they were all good. But, um, don't, not done. Altabello. Don't have to go. He like, why? Don't have a scene. Right. Amber Don Thomas. You know, they make it through Godfather three all the way. Almost. Yeah. Thomas. You know, roll it along. Oh, no. Wait a minute. No, don't. Don Thomas. You know, I'm getting confused now. What was the god would have glasses that they had a kill at the end there? Don't look. Are you sure? No. Are you sure? You're right. You're right. Don Thomas. You know, he's good buddy and confident on. I thought I thought. And then look. Right. The other way. Right. Don. The color stuck is, uh, we inked his glasses of his dark. And his yellow was the original. Don of them all. Was it? That was the one in Sicily. Right. On Cheechio to one with a knife. Yeah. That's that's the one. On Cheechio. And this is for you. Enjoy the Italian festival. On Cheechio. On you can. I like the way that the neighborhood put that tower around the gun. I was there was good. In fact, you know something. We don't have a good of different don. You are. I'm thinking of the done and the got the gun. Got it. Was done. On Cheechio. Don Sherry. Ha ha. Done grapes. Oh. No. The new chief was the one in the back of the York. Oh, that's right. Don. You want to get my don's confused. You know, the black and don Cornell. Don Sherry. Don. I hear all my don's confused. Johnson. Don. Johnson. Are you threw me off there? I had something extraordinarily important to pass along. I just just threw right away. So what happens when you get old in feebral man? It's hard to keep your don's straight. I had a line there. But you did. Yeah. I'll just let it go. 5. 6. 7. Oh yeah. Don't the squeeze in two tight pound five. 60 on the 18 team for rise. If it sounds like we're having just like a little party here today. It's our July Ford celebration. It's what is it 100 degrees in the shaders at four and cats and dogs are both. Who the hell are both? Yeah. A little bit of both. I'll have some bad news for you. Story number eight on our bedtime stories this morning. I sure hope you didn't have an opportunity to look at these. I look at the headlines. Oh. But you probably were just made when you saw Walmart extends and had this from an Asian policy to gate workers. Oh, good. Since we hate Walmart so much and they're trying not to be so magnanimous for everybody. Walmart stores and the nation's largest private employer will not include gays and lesbines and its antidespermanation policy company officials said yesterday. Company spokesman Tom Williams said the policy will not affect benefits, which Walmart does not offer to one married partners of any orientation, but he said sexual orientation will be added to the company's existing diversity awareness training programs for employees. And I'm assuming if any Americans who work at Walmart come up here to Canada and get married legally that they're going to be recognized and they will get benefits because it's got to be recognized in the US and they're going to recognize us Canadian merges. You follow what I'm saying? And I'm top of all that we still hate Walmart like poised. Okay. They surely rod. Nasty, right wing miserable. 560, here's a call from West Palm Beach, hello. New York. Yes sir. You want to go? Yep. Hey. My buddies are here. We didn't get to hear this. When I went out with the back was the rail. What happened? Oh, that was a set up deal, man. He, you know, sucked me into that thing. It was a fireworks night and a fourth of July thing. It was a special deal. Plus he's getting free. He's at the fountain blue all summer long. He don't need my help. Hey, you know, kind of free. You better, you better. I've got that one. Yeah, he's got one. Okay. I've got a great day. You're out of material pal. 560, have I done one to Marco? Yeah, in a lovely Johnny Depp. Didn't see it. Yeah, I'm wrong. I did see it. I don't want to see it again. It's a little bit of a TV. Almost went out and got that DVD. Think that I remembered. Don call me on a 66 year for 69. I can't say that. Your favorite character from the three godfather will be done. Call me on a 69. Michael 63. Gotta go to the house raise there. Never saw no godfather. 39, 11.7% shame on you. Shame on you. Get with it this weekend. Sunny 38. Clemenza 23. Look at Bratzi 23. How'd you like to try to feed those two? Tom Hagen 19, low green to I love mo green. In fact, if I wouldn't have voted for Don call me on it as much as I like sunny and Michael and everybody else in the flat pomemns. Because I can really I love mo green. Do you know who I am? I'm low green. I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders. There was just, I don't know what it was. There was just something to look about him. You know, slick is olive oil. Frankie, potentially 11. Get his body out of the bathtub. All right, starting to stink. Fratos got 10. And Hyman Roth has got eight. You know why that is probably because they drive by his house where you still have an hell and they'll. No, no, seriously. They used to be that scene. Because everybody talks about Marlanski on the beach, which is true in his last years. He did love on Collins Avenue. But the scene that they picked it in Godfather 2, there where they're meeting in his home and he's watching that football game. That's in hell and they'll. And it looks just like it. It looks just like hell and they like the average age is about 100. We could probably find that house. I guarantee that house ain't there no mole. In fact, that be for you to book a mole was a negotiating the invite at place that joint. He was such a wonderful man. He used to walk his dog and Collins Avenue Mr. Lanski. And of course his son had that problem at the forge that time. Oops. Sorry. Listening. We love you, Mo. We love to rip you an ass. What would we do, seriously? I mean, he made our life so miserable for everybody. You know, it's what a good mood we're in now that we got for real. And we got that big separation and most on vacation at top of all on. But well, no, actually we probably would have had a much better time. Well, seriously, I'm trying to rationalize it. You know what the best of this year wouldn't be as good. How's that? That's true. The best of would not be as good without mole. But it's a good make no mistake about that. And when he finally leaves when he finally blow his nasty old Lanski out the door, we won't be able to pick on him no mole. All are quite frankly, I guess we will. I believe he could leave that here. Love and 50 what the material, the piece. Love and 50 seven at five, 60 WM, you know, hurricane season is definitely arrived already in South Florida. Before a storm hits you always put up shutters to protect the windows and doors in your house. But what about the roof of your house? The so-may paint factory makes roof master, the roof coating that can help you hurricane proof your roof. So-may's roof master, saved hundreds and hundreds of roof during hurricane Andrew, while a lot of unprotected roofs were peeding off and flying down the old road. So-may also has waterproof coatings for every kind of roof ever made. So-called a so-may paint factory at 305-633-633-333. The so-may paint factory is the oldest quality paint model from coating manufacturer in the entire state of Florida. So-may will save you lots of money because they eliminate the middle man markups. They sell that everybody wholesale prices that are 60% lower than what you'd pay for the exactly same national brands in your weekday. So protect your home and property from South Florida's tough, brutal tropical climate with the best paints and waterproof coatings going anywhere at the best prices too. Called the so-may paint factory, be sure and tell them please that old Neil Tornado call 305-633-633-333 or find them on the web at so-may-so-may-so-may.com. You save a Schmidt-Lota cash when you buy directly from the so-may paint factory called 305-633-633-333. My local year sports radio 560-2AEM. I am frailiana, russ-laden and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap-made from jewels and listening to the nearer. Okay, I'm gonna use the hour. See guys! Do you like famous people? Do you like joining fan clubs? Do you have absolutely no sense of human decency whatsoever? Then join the Scott Peterson fan club. I so-onkey, there's no way we could get a couple of course not! That's why thousands of women are writing love letters to Scott and prison hoping to become the next lucky Mrs. Peterson. I think I can change them. But he doesn't need changing his soap-yews. When you sound like the perfect candidate for the Scott Peterson fan club, sign up now and you'll get a Scott Peterson poster. A Scott Peterson buffers thicker and a set of Scott Peterson trading cards. I'll trade you two Scott to be born, sir, for one Scott and you're in jumps too. No way! That's the most correctable one! Membership in the Scott Peterson fan club also entitles you to receive personalized cards and letters from Scott himself. Look! I got a letter from Scott! He wants to marry me and take me fishing on our honey milk and he's so sweet! Well, one lucky fan club member gets a chance to meet Scott face to face. You need to get a two-inch thick reinforced vest window every third Wednesday between the hours of order and one-hifting P&. I hope he has your hair that day. Yeah, that makes him look so homicidal. Yes, he is! Join the Scott Peterson fan club because you're almost as thick as he is! Follow two at five, 60, and nobody can have any further July weekend to end out. And Godfather 3, my favorite line, maybe not the best line, but my favorite was when Sofia looked straight at Michael and said, Hey! Just one word! He's hard to run that reading, you know? Maybe I enjoyed it so much because she was picking a bullet right through the chest. You know, right through the heart, the audience applauded at the table. Yeah, standing ovation man! Two men couldn't have been a little bit sooner, like about two and a half hours earlier, Sofia. Don't spend it all in one place! Oh boy, she was just brutal talking about having no shame. A Tennessee middle school, a lot of security cameras, yeah, who the hell was talking about this? Was it... Guilty? Somebody called Guilty about this this morning. Yeah, what's guilty? Yeah, I know. I think it was for real. Maybe it was being a boy talking about it. A Tennessee middle school, a lot of security cameras to film children, undressing in locker rooms, and then stored the images on a computer accessible through the internet, according to a lawsuit filed by a group of angry parents, it's called PD, pedophiles Delight. The lawsuit filed last week in federal court Nashville, six four point two million dollars in damages. The parents contend the school system violated students' rights by putting hidden cameras, and boys and girls locker rooms at the Livingston Middle School, the cameras reportedly captured students ages 10 to 14 in various stages of undressed. I've actually had the rectumary man is doing line-off as business on that website. Can you imagine? Oh, God. That's what they're saying. What about a neck? The parents have known that's a book of Brian. The parents have been devastated by the conduct of the school officials by the video taping by the breach of trust at attorney Mark Chalose who represents the parents of 16 girls in one boy. Oh, that must not be checking out yet at the rectumary. It's only one boy. Chuck K. Goliath for overtime county school said he wouldn't comment because he hadn't read the lawsuit. If you take ink, the company that installed the surveillance cameras in several overtime county schools was also named in the lawsuit officials with that company also are mum. Parent-flared to the cameras when a student reported a suspicious device in the school at Livingston about 80 miles east of Nashville. Oh, you just got a love Nashville. The lawsuit contends the images captured by the cameras restored on a hard drive. In the office of the assistant principal could be accessed from the remote computers by the internet. It claims the computer's password security had not been changed from the factory default setting. In other words, it was their default. The images were reportedly accessed 98 times between July 2002 and January 2003. Sometimes late at night and early in the morning and two internet providers in Tennessee and South Carolina. The assistant principal has been transferred to another school system. And best part of this is they say they don't even know if the cameras are still operating or not, but they're going to check it out. What it's out, they'll take a peek. Off a lot of the surveillance crap going on. You know what I'm talking about? You'll. Since it is the fourth of July, I realize it's just a commercial thing and fireworks and barbecues and stuff like that. Hopefully a lot of our accusens are spots coming up next. But I don't think anybody anymore thinks about the meaning of any holidays, but it's veterans day or memorial day or the fourth of July or Labor Day any of that stuff. That's not all commercial. So this business about the Declaration of Independence and when in the course of human events a bunch of Nazis deal the election is not what it said. Nobody cares about that stuff anymore. Talking about movies, you don't get sick. What does that mean? I don't know. Get sick of maybe? Oh. It says, here's my top ten list from my beta collection. Somebody's got a beta. Well, I think I'd be worth something someday. The top third man. Yeah, I've got a master beta. Key Largo casino royale. Catty shack. I mean, it's a funny movie, but I mean, you know, for once trading places Brazil. Yeah, adventures of Baron Munchausen. He's still munching on us when I heard. Where the buffalo roam clockwork orange, the shining 1941 high Sierra. I will never watch these on the beta max, but we'll always watch them on our on TV. Question mark. What? Have a great holiday says jury at the heavily days brewery in Denver. Can you believe the escalator accident beat the cat story? I mean, if you any beer, he said. Any beer? Yeah, that escalator at the Rocky's game out there in Denver last night. There were people even to ball game in the air. Yeah, I swear, the side like it was in a big hurry. Okay, maybe head hot date. Good luck in the movie. No, I did a chat video. Oh, yeah, it's funny. Is this funny? It's hysterical. All I'm on, but he got hurt seriously. So I guess we can see it's fun. I'm watching. That's on the internet or something. Oh, it is. I can put a, I can try to put a link to it. Oh, by all means, why not? Have you ever seen it? Yep. And funny. I mean, how, how would you feel if you're like on an escalator and going at normal speed? All of a sudden it takes up. They said it was going like 140 miles an hour or something. I'd say, we just zoom in. Yeah, like a pre-emusement park ride restaurant with that. No extra charge. I mean, we heard it's a holiday or an hurry to get home. Boom, there you go. Dog pile at the end of it. Sure. Just whip your ass right out of here. See, I let's get that on our website. Okay, there we go. So few extra hits on there. Oh, here's the story also with it. Doesn't hurt at course field. More than 2,000 people were injured. Some seriously, it says, see you told me not. When an escalator at course feels failed after the end of the far-works display following a baseball game. Humans were involved. This is another story. Oh, no. Did you see this? Yeah. That's why you fact is to me. I'm not fooling anybody. Humans were involved in the mutilation of at least 37.045 dead cats found in the Denver metro area in the past year investigators said, yes, do I? Oh, my God. Mutilation of 37 or 45 dead cats. Oh, right. The girl back there was a referend to these two stories, obviously. I see. Oh, I, I, I, I know what he was talking about with the dead cat. For a smile on my post. That's bad. I mean, you know, I just, I hate cats. I'm being perfectly on. I'm not going to lie about. I hate cats. I can't stand cats. I can't stand litter boxes. I can't stand the whole ambiance of the whole deal. I don't understand why men have cats. Well, I have to bring a plan to explain that to you next time he's in here. I mean, basically, I assumed that most of the was women that were in like, pussy cats. Right. Huh? I, I know too many male friends that have cats and I don't know how to. Are you serious? Are you sure? Are you sure? A little loss. Oh, they can't be real men. I mean, even somebody is, uh, marginal is me. I mean, I couldn't dream of having a cat. Oh, no pussy in my house. 567. 560 pound 560 on the 18teen for Isoline. Who's your favorite character from the three godfather movies? Don Corleon a 74 Michael 72. Get really tight. Get neck and neck nose to nose. Never saw no godfather movie 45, 12.1%. We urge you. We be seat you. Get with it. Over the weekend or soon. Sometime this summer. We should sound a fund. For what? Redder theater? No. Sonny, Santino 40. Clemens, 26. Look, Abrazzi 25. Tom Hagen, uh, 21. Mo Green 14. Frankie Pintangeli 13. Fredo 11. Simon Roth's got nine. Boy. Just to be tied business van just an invested living on a pension. Jack Walts five. Sophia three, Vincent three, Tessio three, Connie two, Connie's got a pair. So lotsos got two. McCluskey one. None for Carlo and none for Niri. Although I did like when Niri paid the bishop. Uh, the arch bishop of his. Remember how he was eating the candy on the train? Right. Right. And he was like, uh, Lee from through the, the different candies. And of course he lifted up the top layer and he had his piece. He had his guns. I don't know if he could be the candy. It was a beautiful thing. It's 11 past noon at five, 60 WCM. The mad dog in Key West. The chul is down there two to four the sack. No, no, happer today. He's on his way to Vegas. Or maybe already there. No one him. Eddie Kailby doing hang show four to seven. Chul is no baseball game. Marlon's on the road. They're on their way to Philadelphia. After that wild, the Braves and Redstock series. Mark seven to ten tonight. Ten to two tonight. I want usually is the any case show you got the big. Fill it in. ESPN radio overnight. Way to near to Marlschedule boys and girls. You'll love it. Write it down. Mark it on your arm like in Momento. Write it on your leg. Curtis and Zach tomorrow morning. Five to wait on the Mo show. Probably a big improvement. The beast eight to ten on a forl show. That will not be an improvement. Believe me. The beast will be on. Oh, I promise me he won't do the same kind of crappy. Did last Thanksgiving on this show. Whatever that was. Conversable I guess. Incredible. Whatever that was. Supported. The world of that is illegal. Remember.acedly to it. He has while I was arrogant. Wow. If it just state to get to the ground. How can you go? Say it. I love this guy. All the time. Dif Sherman. Currently I won't tell you what I did. I'm so far ahead of myself. Not that I'm gonna hurry to get out of here. That's bad to say that, you know? But I'm like two breaks ahead. Not that I'm gonna be rush. I mean, it's already past noon. You know, got this one, look. Fall past 12 at 5.60 a WQM. Look this. Barbecue is galorecharies. The biggest range of grills. Weber grills and accessories starting with their Weber smoky geopotamal charcoal grill for under 28 bucks. The perfect grill for any fourth of July or any other picnic. Today's the day you ought to get in there, okay? And finish out with all the other supplies you need for the big gear barbecuing over the weekend in all summer. July, August, etc. Labor Day. Nobody can beat barbecue's galores incredible. Unbeatable select and top quality grills. They carry your full line of grills including Weber, Viking, Genere, Braille, and lots of exclusive grills made especially for them that you won't find no place else. Turbo, barbecue shift, cook on a Captain Cook and all of the grilled grills that the carry at the guarantee lowest prices in town. Right now at barbecue's galorechic advantage of no payment same as cash financing until January 2004 on a proof credit. This week you can take home the amazing the gigantic three-burner cook on grill. A barbecue's galorech exclusive and an unbeatable price. It comes with a host of great features that you would normally only find on more expensive grills like 42,000 powerful BTUs. Pursal encoded cash darn burners and cooking grills and a big gigantic 600-25 square inch cooking area. A guarantee you will not find another grill like this one for this kind of price. Now just 349 bucks and only at barbecue's galore. Perfect for July, 4th and all your other cookouts. Don't forget this is a story you're absolutely going to love. They got great service. They know their business inside and out and everything you need for barbecue is waiting for you at barbecue's galore with every day unbeatable prices too. You'll find them two locations in south Florida in plantation. A university-dravity fountain shopping center called 954-4234-400. And Carl Springs Corner's sample in Rock Island Road's column there at 9554-75766-68. A sensational joint barbecue's galore. Criminalized pot in Florida. Okay slow Okay Probably 10 at 5.60 WM and look at that Michael has moved past on Corley on in the first place That is the shocker to me, you know, but like I said, he's got to leg up because he was in all three movies Right Michael 79 don Corley on a 75 your favorite character from the godfather from the three flicks Never saw no godfather. We'll be 50 12.5% 12.5% of the audience hasn't even got the beginning of a clue what life is really all about Clemenza 27 look of Razi 26 calm Hagan 22 Mo green 18 nice gone mo. Hey mo Oh Maybe that's why I keep thinking about mo green, you know, it's a blubberable Frankie Pan tangyly 13 Fredo 12 time and Roth 10 Jack Walsh has got only five I thought Jack Walsh could do a little bit better than that especially for that one line. I don't get how many take O'Gunny what Freest ball going bus come out on a one word Maybe they just don't respect guys just sleep at horse. He leave one word out one name for them out. No. I don't get how many take O'Gunny What three ball come out on a look? We've got them all in a very nice nice one Jack Here's a call from La Samu where's this from point and beast no less hello Like I said a call from somewhere why don't be chissor? Yes, all right pretty good Sanucci in the senator Yes, it has a meeting with the Michael and he says you know, I don't like your kind coming around here Which your Frankie suits my offer is my and Michael said my offer is this nothing right right right right also Yes, I understand that the scene When the gods father Joe the fetos stay by the car. I want to go over to some fruit right Paulie set him up. Okay, Paulie Paulie. I'm sick you guys come around and they shoot I understand that shot was filmed in New York with people all around court and all by the police watching that scene How be damn who's right? Yes, they all eat the police they quarterback all the crowd the watch that scene It was life right then when the scene was over They applauded like crazy really yes Because I have never seen a scene like that my life somebody getting shot died Right, but he didn't die though don't don't embellish Five shots and he's still alive Yes, let's do a picture the gateway with a Get away with Steve McQueen out of him a girl and Sally Stranger he was in that I'll be down the joy see that that she that picture Nope, he said no George said no But that's one You should see him in that movie is it great. I agree that he's good. Yeah, also Yes, I'm born and raised and little at least everything you see in the god father's right I saw it myself Even the janko olive oil company I saw watching for now the parade with the Saints and the The dollar bills on the same right Mm-hmm as a kid. I took out the win as the gentlemen house and watch him do it I'm sure they had the best damn Italian sausage those festivals, huh? I'm serious. Yes, they did well. You know I was home at today everything you synthetic and plastic right Everything was made from scratch. Okay, my friend. I'll see you in a little Italy. All right, what's the sausage? See in Sicily with a big sausage thanks. Oh Holy mochi him no more I won't see him no more. I got to take a leak See what I mean every Erby scene Erby line Erby movement every breath Is like incredibly extend your memory forever. Never. That's why every time it comes on TV That's the reason we have to keep seeing it over and over again because we have to recall We have to reprise in our brain each and every one of those things all of these things Am I right? Yep I want to make them an offer again 5670560 pound five 60 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line Maybe maybe a done Corlean could come in intermediate that next we need between Greg Reed and Mozaigen you think Oh, I'm gonna make them an offer again. Here's a call from Hollywood hello I'm your home and brother Mike and I was stepped over Pop one and change Reverend Jones is doing fratol and Fratol sounded like he was enjoying it too 5670560 pound five 60 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line Michaels got 81 and done Corlean on his 75 Michaels pulling ahead he's yankin it Never oh now that can't be never so godfather is a 54 up to 13.2% That's depressing. That's tragic That's sad it's on it's on American is what is if the fourth of July It's our most patriotic of all holidays if he acts me Even more patriotic in fact a flag day So let's get with it. Let's over this weekend honor of American honor of Sicily the Sicilian I'm gonna make it to Sicily someday everybody tells me that's really just a beautiful place Yeah, who said that everybody had talk to they say you really ought to go to um Coloramol Corleany there is there obviously there is a place called Corleany Go whatever and see those puppet shows you know oh yeah Punch and Jude Let me's in fact maybe Michael it'd be behind the wheel maybe he can be my driver Let me show you Sicily Okay Here's Boit and Beetel What is he banding about your phone is what is it? About what Do a good who's something with him? I'm sure he's probably interested You don't have any mail address this person wants to give Boca Brian money Okay hold on put him on hold and I did put him on hold and you do whatever you want with him Okay, maybe you'd like to do something with him. I don't know he wants to do something with somebody Okay, I know if I'm looking if I'll check it out his busy maybe you can fill the boat I won't be to fill in oh what is this? There's more to that I got four pages I'm holding on to here at its funny. This is hysterical bash Baptist are saving homosexuals will give your church or pro family organization the XK You need to A prove that being a homo is just a silly choice so it's okay We've got to hate them and B raised dollars for new landscaping where the golf scheme jacket you've always known Jesus once once you have And and newly had a sexual Ricky Martin engaging in a typical red blood and had a sexual American Mail pass time a giggly afternoon at a West Hollywood salon for even more kinky highlights Excellent High school Ricky Tiki you think he's full of anybody any more no April need to give it a disparate babes out there They know they're on the even a little 11 and 12 year olds I mean they even figured out Nick Carter a little while back 20 stay took him a little while But they finally figured it out 26 past noon at Q.A.M Yeah That's the movie I'm queer but my admission I'm a bag who likes to fall I'm here looking for this mission It's back but that's not all I'll be waiting That's all Not A-L-Cuz... I got one edition to watch. I got one edition to watch. I got one edition to watch. I found a dual stick gun. I liked to wear a friend. I heard that goes on a smile. I got club 2018. Clean it up your spoiled guinea brat. 32, I was a good team. Probably got one vote that's reasonable. Maybe that was Connie. Maybe Connie got kissed a vote. Here's the fact that says, do you know that Paul Anderson, the director of Magnolia, is the son of Ernie Anderson, the old ABC TV announcer, we used to say, the love boat. I didn't know that, did you? No, no. Now we do. Yeah. He's great man, Paul. But what is his middle name? Because he did. What has his middle name? Paul Thomas Anderson. I don't care what George tells you, Magnolia. First he the godfather, the Magnolia. When you got about 50 hours. And then once upon a time in America, the new directors cut. And then you'll be dead. No, another take here the weekend anyway. Also with his fargo blows, don't waste your time. Okay. You'll be fine. I'm just, I'm just reading. I don't know. It would be the first time you had one that I didn't like. What kind of thing? It's Loki. You guys like bully. I like bully. Who? Based on what? Why did you like that? What was there like about that movie? Because it was gritty. It was disturbing it. No, it was something that rhymes with gritty. I'll tell you that. Remember, she made it used to be down at the accordion new stand all the time. No. And it says Eric spelling is one of my favorite things that I'm going to have with all the awards and that sentence spelled a real bizarre. Yeah. Eric, Eric, Eric said a little bit of identity crisis up there. He's not sure he wants to be a computer wizard or just a fact guy. So he's working on both. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. You don't forget our good close personal buddy, Joe Costello, who's now our married man. Probably going to have a family pretty soon. Wouldn't you think of the big books that he's making? I mean, I mean, I hate to say it, but probably she's making a lot more money than he is. Why am I in probably? Well, I know that she is, but I mean, I don't want to say like him. Fadically, yes, she is. I mean, he's our friend. Yeah. Okay. He's secure in his masculinity. So what does that have to do with it? Well, some guys don't like that getting out there that their woman makes more than them. I see. Make some fuel in adequate. Although I will say that thank God she got a different job because the agency she used to work for once it came up with those monks at the hockey games. Oh, I think the pants is lost a whole bunch of games in a row. Not third man with those damn monks up there and that would my luck. The they think I wear the monks is the night the leafs came to town and they kicked the leafs and asked that night. She moved on on. Yeah, she moved into a real job as opposed to that lame agency. See, the one thing was for real. I really do. I, because I know a lot of it is stick, but nevertheless, he's, you know, he's doing his thing. And he's got everybody whipped up into a friendly. He got a few people. The game last night. But the fact that it matter is when the a panther season starts and he's saying he's going to do the same thing there. I'm not going to jump on anybody's bad way unless they give us something. You know, give us something. Put something out there. Don't just be an astra. At least with a Marlins, you know, they got this kid now done. Trellin, they got the mic. And what's his name? That the grease ball, they're right for the essential mic for a dino. They were ripping him on a stagio that they because they were embarrassed by the truth of his column that he wrote. But it is true. Pretty embarrassing when a franchise has to hold a press conference to announce that they're not going to trade away their star player. That's pretty embarrassing. Pretty sad. That's like Michael Jackson and all these and Bert Reynolds and Tom, what's his name? Selic. Holding press conferences to announce that they're not gay. Gay. Yeah. Back. That aside. Yeah. Yeah. Let me say it right swear. I'm a soul of my grandchildren. Yep. And I want that to be a great piece with me either. Are you sure of why I'm done making a drinking service for the split? 24 to 1 at 560 WQM. So did I ever read the promo or not? Oh yeah, Jo's out there noon to two, not all two at the Verizon Wireless 6989 West Bargoyle Barred and Plantation. Stop by to spend the WQM prize wheel. And when some Marlon tickets if you're really, really lucky, that's now 12 with Jo Custelo at Verizon Wireless in prestigious plantation. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami with a whole bunch of stars next to it. You know what that means? Hello. Hello, me. Yes. Hello, you're darling. Okay. Listen to me. Absolutely. What's up, you about for round now. I want to listen to the for round now. Okay. Once the king always the king, okay, but once the queen's enough, get out of here. Lost. Of course it is, you know, it's the dog days of summer. You were telling me before the show today that come to what there wasn't a dog on the road. No. Not a live one anyway. In fact, George said there were a couple of cats on the road. It's where I got there so fast. He was speeding up, but he couldn't catch him. No, I have to all about that. I must confess that I have had the opportunity because cats are pretty dumb. I don't care what anybody says about how smart they're. They're stupid. Yeah. And I've had plenty of chance to run over cats and road up by me, but I just can't do it. No, they make a mess. You got to watch. No, it's not that. I'm not going to run over a little pussy like that. It's bad. It's pretty bad. Oh, no. I just couldn't live with myself. I mean, I must say that I would like like a dog. I would slam the break and I would swore into a tree. I would do anything to avoid a dog. I would have done those ducks. Those nasty meat. No, I have not. I don't. I'm not interested in killing living things. Okay. That you were interested in. I might make an exception. Absolutely. But I'm not interested in like. Squeezing the life out of some living creature. I mean, cats. I don't know what they're probably. They'll do one of two things. They'll either dart across the road real fast without even looking. I mean, I mean, even the arbet dillows and the cunes have got more common sense than that. You know, sure. Like you drive it at night out there like by me. I'm not in the country kind of although almost they be cornered. I was going to a house on it. But there's still a lot of possums and cunes out there. Right. Right. Well, the raccoons are thriving in the urban environment. But they'll look around, you know, before they cross the street. I mean, they get that deer in the headlights. So I put nevertheless at least at least there were where that they'd pass it like run in your way. But a cat, they'll either scoot across without paying any attention at all or they'll like kind of mozi along. And it like right in front of your car, maybe they're daring you. Maybe it's like an active suicide. They got their agenda. Is that what it is? So in other words, I'm interfering with the agenda. That's fine. I keep that in mind next time. 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Here's Tamarack. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you today? Pretty good. All right. This morning headlines on the today program was, there's some serial killer out there in a Denver and Utah and killing the cast. You're about that. Yeah, we had an on a logger. So 35 to 47 cats of deserve. Did I ever something like that? A lot of pussy dying out there. The second thing is quiet. I think the line was, there's a lot of dead pussy in Denver. Yes. The second thing is my favorite line is Clamenza with, with, take, leave the gun, take the canoli. Right. That's, that's probably one of the best parts of that movie. Absolutely. Please, I got, take the canoli. Anywhere you're the best in the matter here, I'm heading to South Carolina. Got a leaf Florida. I'm packing to you all right now. Are you getting out permanent? Yes, I gotta get out of here. Well, have a great life pal. It's, uh, you're moving in the right direction. All right. Have a great life. Bye, too. How do you like that? There's a guy who's so desperate. He's going to South Carolina. Well, if he's going to the coast, that ain't so bad. Okay. There you go. Maybe he's going over there. Where's that golf joint there in South Carolina? Where did you have the big golf tournament? You asking me about golf stuff? Oh, no, no. Not our gust of that in Georgia. We knew you know it is. It pebbled up. People beaches in California. What's the place in the South Carolina? Oh, come on. Jesus Christ. I think on this show, we'd have some real golf experts. We're going to be real often in the health head. Helping head. That's it. Really? Don't get out. They have golf there? That's what it's famous for. There's a big resort there. Well, what did you think Helping the head was famous? Features and expensive places to stay. Well, there you go. I mean, pebble beach too. I'm sure that there's plenty of resorts and beaches and famous stuff. But they have a world famous golf court. Augusta. I can't believe they're pulling a book. You better brush up on your golf. Mr. Otherwise, you're going to be off this station in a heartbeat. I've got a local VCC560. The radio is on your top. Boo! You ain't in. A boat. Tony, I told you don't bother me while I'm in here. I sir. Hello? It's Mickey Mouse. Oh, Mr. Mouse. Good morning. How are you? What the hell are you doing to me? Nothing, sir. You're quick and calm me. No, not. I got David Kelly calling me every three minutes. Why did we move the protest? Sir, you told me to move the bride and tell you when you're watching this. No sir, you said move the practice to Monday. Hey, listen, but wipe on the ball. I'm at the decisions. You take the heat. Right. You all move the practice. Okay. How are we going with it anyway? I'm home. Hold on. What are we doing? Grimmers. You little shot. Far hell up. I'm on the phone Reemers. How's this? Yes. It was your issue. I'm calling you. I'm going crazy over here. Between David Kelly and the Michael Jackson call me every three minutes. I'm going to go out of my sleeve and mind. Hold on. Reemers. Yeah, evo. So happy with it. I'm so full. So call the floor Reemers. I'm gonna... Wait a minute! If one sense of my hand rematch, that's your beat as well. My other hand rematch? That's a full ball. Right, I can't hear anything. We missed stop-sawing the floor. Sorry. I'm not certain. The moves are working out very well. The practice is four minutes times while the move is coming. It's time for us. We're even beating the WB. Fairly. Oh my god. Michael Jackson was a raining success. I've got a cold on a second. Reba. Pictiboo. What's a hellie of doing with a harmonica? I'm a little so bored. Don't blame rematch. I'll jam that thing down your throat. And get a blue burn away from me. Oh, come on, move. I'm allergic. I'm a loser. Sir, over 25 million people saw that. Stop out by, sir. Listen. Yeah. You see me when I'm going here? Sir, you're on the phone. I know I'm on the phone. Do you see what I'm doing? You're a imagination for quite a while. I'm going to leave my hands up and down. So I decide. I'm the puppet master. I say it. You do it. Now, box is going to air all the stuff that you cut out of a Michael Jackson interview. But sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him look like a movie. I bet that's a... Pop it, master. Me. Get it. Oh. We need to go. Yes, the ammo. What the hell are you doing now? Listen to blow, boss. It's nothing wrong with a floor remiss. What's this in my ear? That your penis blows. My other ear remiss. That's the phone. That's the phone remiss. Get out. Get out. Get out. I've heard. Yes, sir. Tell me. Tell me. I'm sorry, sir. Tell me. Sorry. I'm sorry, sir. Tell me. Sorry. Get out of this, all plate. 1248 at 5.16. Now I'm looking at our website. Now there's the summer schedule. I noticed speaking of spelling problems. We got Tuesday day. Is that for the godfather celebrate today? Right. Monday. Tuesday day. Wednesday. So there's a schedule for our starting this coming Monday. July 7th. You August 22th of this year. And then most importantly of all a must see for today. There is the best in the LCD cover. I can't get over that. Now who did that for us? The same guy as, um, Sorry, it's going to be fun. The same guy that did the, the Neil on the cloud. Thank you. Yeah. Thank you very much. Whoever you are, sir. Thank you. The best. The best in the largest 2002 2003, which has got great stuff. Including several of the Mickey and eyes. Your things. John Russell. Thank you, John. And there I am dancing on most grave. And there is most tombstone and his hand reaching up to the ground. And he's, and he's saying. It's a beautiful thing. Thanks, John. So take a puke. And now you can't order that yet. But it says coming soon and it will be as of August 1. Just five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, the pound five, six, the on the AT and the in the right. We're godfather intensive today. I really have been remiss, you know it. Cause I just love where it held us in. Yeah. He just took it away. What and how ? Right. And it's going to take us Ram's hands to walk through that table for ever now. That's true. And it will be fine. Safe two fire ten more times, and then we came here just out. And they sent us here. They sent us here. Here's a white rag but we're going to walk far off with the paper. So let's take a picture. It's not gonna happen. And you know that has to be just a since Kiwat told us. Tambin there's Sky sign. to me my favorite, but the loveliest in the Christian. Father of Elmo. He was the other way down, as you've had Flintested in all the Falcons of the Kind. Good morning, O It was very disturbing to see Al Pacino keep wiping his nose. He was over there and said, He was over there and said, He was over there and said, He was over there and said, He was over there and said, He was over there and said, He was over there and said, He was over there and said, He's still broke because of Clusky. Good athleticity. He was jumpers fire shot, Or was it just off the Prophetz? Something. He wasn't fired shut in idea, Maybe he needed braces like Donnie In the Wizard. Five, seven, five, and sixty, How'd tell you what if Donnie didn't need Great think about that. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, are you doing your pretty good sir? It's one thing to say the lines of the most thing to live them and I agree with you on mo green but you gotta, well I know you don't do this but you gotta try to bang and talk to our waitresses through at a time. Yeah. Is that what it is? Well, definitely the move but it's actually better to try it than actually and make the snake in the sauce on. So, you know what the new Bushite strategy is to what they do is they, you know most cities are funded by bonds. Yeah. What they're doing is in the cities that have legislators that they don't like to vote for the right wing agenda. They are not funding these bonds through their cronies to put pressure on them to vote the way they want on cultural and insurance issues and things of that nature. So there's like extortion going on the people don't even know. Yeah. That there are legislators are being called reverse bribe. Right. If they don't vote the way they want them to do they won't give them their... Not to mention all that we're distributing, they're trying to show up through like timely in Texas so that they can ensure that they have like, you know like a monarchy. Why wasn't Tom Delay on your list of people who have the stereotypes for what? He's, uh, people who have Hitler mustache on him, he's perfect. Is that what have been good? Great. Of course I think most of the people who have this, I think, uh, El Presidente, I think a little mustache on him. What would fit? Thanks a lot, Neil. Have a great day. Yeah. I've got you out there a little bit, but Paul Green. Do you know who I am? I'm Paul Green. I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleader. Hey, Paul, how about that shoulder? Well, at least he felt good on a way out, you know. I mean, he's got a nice massage. That was relaxed. That's right. Uh, uh, uh, uh. 5671. Sorry. It's the forl thing. 5675, they're in a more sars. Okay. We'll be skewering people. We'll finally got our act together here. Get that big roll and stones concert on July 30th here. Sorry. Do you know if they've sold almost the 400,000 tickets already? No. They're saying it could be up to 800,000 people there for that thing. Grow. AC DC going to be there. Rush? Okay. This don't like I said. Just didn't think about. I mean, nothing's perfect. 567560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Align 9. You just, you just know, can't you smell it? I don't see any stars next to it being her boy. I'll never listen. Here's Miami, hello. Hi, Uncle. Me? Yes, sir. All right, first time talking to you. I'm not one of those other jack-offs. All right, sir. We'll call. Let's see. Wow, a shocker. Align 9. I tried to call earlier, but I couldn't get through, but listen, you know, who you forgot to put on the list? That's a favorite of mine. He's a more character with a lot of style. It's Chee Chee. I think the only line he had was in part two when Franky can't handle he is all drunk and goes, what are they drinking? He had Chee, Chenigo champagne and he goes champagne. And then he gets wasted when they try to smell champagne. And they run them over. But he's got the sunglasses. And a little, little mustache. Yeah. Yeah, I'm a whole lot of that. I'm a little bit older. Remember, we had a lot of buffers. Yeah, we had a lot of buffers. Yeah, and then hearings, yeah buffers. He was on a wooden stand. Don't you remember that? Oh, yeah, that's right. But I just thought, you know, it's a little late to add. I was a buffer. The family had a lot of buffers. Yeah. All right. So Uncle Nick, now the reason I remember is because you know how many times I've seen that they have movie. But third man. Oh, thank you. And I got to be believe me. Have a great holiday, Phil. All right, you too. Oh, good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Yeah, so moving that if you see it once you keep watching, it's not a movie anymore. At that point, once you've seen the first time, all three of course, I'm mandatory. At that point, it becomes a part of your life. Am I right? Absolutely. No question about it. Absolutely correct. So we had him to the list. No. Okay. I mean, the guy, I understand what the guy is saying. He's talking about himself personal. But nobody's going to vote for him except him. He will. He had a nice head and nice little mustache. There he on, have any. Callos have one. That's obviously from some either woman hating guy out there or somebody will just lie into the hole us and anything. Clean it up. He's just beaten the crap out of her. They should be fighting, hiding in the toilet. And he's just beaten the snout out of her. And then when he gets the phone call when Centino gets the phone call, you notice how he bites his face. He bites his face. Oh man. Yeah. He's the side of his index finger. That's real. Yeah. Ice gone, sonny. James Khan, another one of our unsung heroes. He's a lot better than people given credit for being. Absolutely. Once Kathy Bates got a hold of me, was never the same again. In fact, I think it's debatable as to whether he was in worship after the episode on a cause war. Or after Kathy Bates finished with the kneecaps. I say 705 60. There's a message for you, Carlos. Don't be getting all these groupies out there going to be because now you're a celebrity. Really grabbing and groping you just because you're on a radio. Watch out for Kathy Bates too lately. I hear her twin sister hangs out at the E.M. Arlington Games. 1257. We got the big one to two hour coming up. And then I'm telling you, this is like a countdown. It's like New Year's Eve all over again for some of us. Plus you got tomorrow off. Right. Right. So it's the appearance. This whole treasure island from 68. Well, how can we know how promotes for that? I guess you'll promote. No, you won't. How can we should be promoting it today? You long-chead. Cause Miguel didn't give us a chance. And again, you were a long-chead. We should be promoting it today. Although Beterboy can promote it all over the LB anyway. It looks like. Say, yeah. 6 to 8. We got a special Friday night edition of Treasure Island. I'm our with George and whoever else shows up. I'll go buy a book of Rinal B. there and Miguel may be there. I would love a girlfriend, she, she, top fiduci. Mo Green. Right. Or maybe maybe some other moment, sure. Absolutely. And you called that. I'm at to see it at 100. What are you waiting for? If you want the best brands of discount prices every day without any hassles of show room shopping, then do what I always do. The smart thing. Don't be like Fred O'Bean, stupid, D smart. Call 1-800-MATT-RES right now. The people of Dalam. I have delivery down to a science. You get to choose the date and time to fit your schedule. Any two are one of that convenient for you so they have to sit around on your ass, killing a whole day. And don't forget Dalam. I have delivered evenings, weekends, holidays, even the fourth of July. Whenever it's most convenient for you. Maybe you're one of those people thinking about those Swedish ball mattresses that you see in a special these stores. A good news for you. Dalam Maipers carries temper peatick as well. Plus all the big brand names like Surtis, Simmons King Corl and Sealy, at unbeatable discount everyday prices. So I have a biggest mattress store in the country just a phone call away. You never have to leave the house. Our good friend, the lovely Miguel who just disobeyed up real bad today. Recently called 1-800-MATT-RES. Godam and his lovely girlfriend, the new mattress from the folks at Dalam Maipers. Nothing could have been easier just like I always tell you. They showed up right on time. They set up the beautiful new mattress. Take away the heavily soiled old mattress and the Dittus to Penders job for them. So don't wait another minute if you want to guarantee yourself a great night sleep for years and Eons to come. Pick up that phone right now and dial 1-800-MATRES. That's all it takes. 1-800-MATT-RES for Dalam Maipers or check them out on the web at mattress like he said.com. This is doing stop and black teeth and you're listening to the two to one hour. Hey, Farrow! By the way, song, I've been giving it some score. See, how many tickets I know that me and you can do much better go with 6-10 and on and 5. A gentile in the cranky tool. I think we might be happy to get there. I think you really got out of your mind. You got to have your wee wee bag. That's on too tight. No chance I'll go and show it to you. I'd rather die. We'd be crappy to get there. Sorry. I'll help you so that I'm a big baby too. A Brooklyn high-age. I've been waiting for you. I've been waiting for you. You're not fine, honey. We and Mo, this is that one, Mo. No way that if we had a fight that you'd survive would want to hear a genetile. And push it tight. That's crappy to get there. I don't want to go to the door, I don't want to go to the door. I don't want to go to the door. I don't want to go to the door. And show it to you and me. For me, is much better than 10-10 and on 5. It's only right that I should get worse leave for tonight. I think we might be happy to get there. I don't want to go to the door. I don't want to go to the door. I don't want to go to the door. I don't want to go to the door. I don't want to go to the door. I don't want to go to the door. I don't want to go to the door. I don't want to go to the door. All the crap you could unwrap, all the slime, all the time. That's a movie. 15560WDC, a world famous one to two, our mad dog from Shulaz and Key West to two. 5605060, pound five 60 on the AT&T line. Who's your favorite character from the godfather three movies? Look at how Michael is moving into a pretty good lead. 56050, pound callioni. He's got the 89. Never saw the godfather 7214.6% you believe that? I guess why not? San, San, Tino, sunny 47. Clemens a 35. Look at Brotsie 33. Tom Hagen 31. Mo Green 24. Freaky Pentagely 15. Fredo 13, Hyman Rothle 11. And he rushed to nobody cares about the rest. Because Jack Waltz is still got five votes. Not seeing the godfather is like not having eaten steak. Like it's like a step away from having breeds fresh air. Not having had sex. Right. Not having heard the more Howard David at show. Here's Miami, hello. I thought maybe that might go somewhere. Maybe in New York. What the hell was that? Told music. That was hold music? Yeah. I thought maybe we were on a hold. Yeah, that was that person does. They call it. They put you on hold. We never usually get that kind of entertainment though. Not a snappy tune like that. No. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Lots of open lines just how all of a sudden. I think we're alone now. Like how many James would say. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Can you hear? Yes sir. Being a altercacher in the prostate challenge. Capital of the world. Sorry. Doesn't number one quote have to be. I give 4 million just to be able to take a pistol out of her. Yeah, that was good. Yeah. Yeah. I have the book in front of me. I just could have to use Georgia. You know, Fred the guy saw the scene the guy saw so many times. Whether the only five characters that appear at all three movies played by the same actors and two other actors that are played by different actors. Would you and George be there? And what did they have for breakfast this morning? Michael is one of them. Right. Okay. K is number two. Number two. The Connie is number three. Right. There's two more actors that were all three played by the same actors. Uh, Fred was number three. No. No. What do you mean no? Fred was not in the gut by the tree. Like I said, Fred was not in there. Rocko. No. He was killed in two. That's right. Ah, Clemenza? No. Not in three. No. Uh, I haven't got a clue. One cup one D.C. Almyary played by Richard Gray. Almyary, yeah. And Theresa Hagan played by Terry Lvivornio. Yeah. Do we ever see her in the end of the tree? We believe it or not. Little glasses. I mean, I know we saw her at the wedding and got father one. Yeah. No. She's in two and three. I'll be there. No, no, you know, you should notice her in Godfather three because because Is it my closest, I wish her father could be here to see him or whatever. It was. And the other two courses have to be clearly own in all three. Played by different characters. Played by three different actors. Right. That's a happy point. And back to you. Yeah. He got us tonight when I never would have known that in a minute. No, he was a good. He held a gun in my head and forced me to listen to him for 20 hours. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. I'll take that instead. Pound five, six, six, The only AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a lady. I think it's our first lady today. How do you like that? We've been really passed over. Lady and Lake Worth. Hello. Hi. How are you? I am wonderful. I need to tell you the first of all. I need to confess my love to you. I think you are awesome. On the height even actually, I have to fix her three on my refrigerator. Oh my God. I know. It's a little hard for me to do this. And it's a little hard. So I can just flip it back and forth and check out. I think you're great. You've got excellent for a consumer. Very intelligent. Yes, I do. Get that you do. I'm so excited to tell you thank you for the width and the humor and entertainment. Well, I was very happy. I've had a bad couple of days here. Now I was fired or the phone. I'm sorry. I'm just lost. On my own time at home. And I'm pretty on today. And oh, immediately, you're here at me. I'm just following you. I'm really good mood today. And I just want to call you and thank you for that. And thank you for what you're doing for the pet. The pet rescue. Right. Type in. And I think you're really, really wonderful. And I have one of our negative comments. I think it's read the new times. Article with Scott. So I did a camp to listen to him one time. I did a camp to listen to him one time. I did a camp to listen to him one time. I'd rather listen to galby's little screechy voice. Yeah. And then an obnoxious guy for out. Well, he can't bet a thousand. You know what I'm saying? I love you. You are. Okay. Good luck sweetheart. Have a great holiday. Bye. Well, she don't like Scott. I'm sure that there's some women especially. I think all the men like Scott a lot. But there could be some women. Huh? Much to hit your grin. Right. He rarely have to women. Well, yeah, he's, look, he's doing okay. I'm not missing any days. Believe me. Five, six, say, they're missing any hours. Except maybe those he's working. See, that's a good other good reason. He should only be on eight to ten. He's busy. He's very busy. Michael 101 done Corly on a 93. Never saw the godfather 14 and a half percent. 74. Get with it. I hope every one of these video stores all over town. Especially a best buy. I still don't. I'm glad that was there for that one week when we're in the middle of all the movie time. Best buy's got an excellent selection. And you don't have to find somebody to climb up on a ceiling to get it for. You should have to wait for an hour to pick out your DVD. Right. Ooh. Can't think just, maybe they could get like insurance coverage and they could let us climb the ladders. What do you think? Right. Well, it's just bad luck. If they let the customer climb the ladder and then maybe if you go into what somebody else you hand them, the carton, whatever you want to generate, then you don't have to wait for like three hours to get away to that. And stand there very obediently like a school child at the counter. Stand right over there by the counter and will somebody will be with you right? It's hit or miss. Sometimes you can get in and out even when you need something off the high high shelf. Yeah. And off the jiff. I heard the other times. How's Jeff? I do him by the way. Haven't seen him lately. No, that lately. He did come in when I was down there, but haven't seen or heard from him here. All right. Oh, God. There's so many reasons I enjoy being here. And that's one of them. Twenty seven years on the air in Miami this past March. And this year is the 25th anniversary for Brandy shoes. Any little family shoes to that grows the way they do in six around that long. Has got to have been doing a lot of things right by their customers and your feet. And one of the things they do is offer you the best shoes in the business. Rockport's echoes. The Fisto, Timberland, Clark's essay has floor shop and lots more all the top names in a business. And no matter how gigantic or tiny your feet may be, they can give you a perfect fit. They got men sizes 6 to 15. They can even fit Tom Walley even when it's swelling in his foot too. Women's five to twelve and what's from the bravery narrow to the very big wide and fat. How about to generate those got big fat ones? And feet too. And don't forget the professional sales staff. They know you're feet just by the aroma. And I'll make sure you get a perfect fit every time. That's Brandy shoes, the perfect place for your feet. 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach, the rope on every day. Daily 9 to 9 Sunday, 10 to 5. And all this week at Brandy's shoes from a select group of women's naturalizer sandals. From a 3490 and men's rigorous boat shoes, only 3990. Stop in, we can visit Monter website Brandysshoose.com. You're my enroll. This is course when you'll find something new on the QAM. It's day to the most of Miami town. This is the first time. At 5 6. WQA. The day that he's in jail. I sent him for the night he went down to get him. And told that the song after we seemed to fail. This Miami prize is extended by all of the feelings that take in their shoulders. One thing that you said to lost control for him away. All of the year that it won't be long before my Christens feet. And the bars for a long stay. One 17 at 5 60 WQA. I just mentioned in passing bad unemployment news for the USA up to 6.4% this morning. Exactly. I do like that. Not in your high, it's a high market already closed the one or clock for the holidays. But not too good. The Dow was done. How much was it done? They keep changing at the end. They're I hate seeing it. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They can still go. They can still go. They can still go. So that's a whole lot of two votes, which is shots me. He should have more than that. He was good. Let me worry about Luca. Yeah? You were talking about Steph Carolina Gallo. Savannah Lakes is the three-mode golf course in South Carolina. But healthy head is, but healthy head is the famous one. It's a famous thing. I'll take your word for it. Thanks a lot, Pally. Have a great time. Bye. Take care. 560, many open lines this hour. This last hour would probably be doing like screenless. I don't see things since I got this big holiday coming out. I'd have a big blow out. When it's out, let's blow it out. Come on. Let's go. George, of course, you're going to take the calls. No, actually, this is kind of see I look at it philosophically. Now two years ago, I had like the whole summer off. Right. And then they decided like build a studio's here and it was an Amsterdam which are no longer in existence. See, in last year, keep in mind that the Amsterdam thing was really detrimental not only to the show, but to my health because I missed about half of those two new new new days. I was sick all the time. That's right. We got from that damn mill do we in nasty apartment and the basement there with all the mold and the, oh, God. Jesus, a plague. Oh, I think that's what was in there. I was sick all the goddamn time. You'll notice, I don't want to like knock on wood, you know. Right. I show up every day whether you want me here or not. No SARS. No SARS yet. No West Nile. No Mad Cow. We got the Mad Dog, but no Mad Cow. But the fact of the matter is that I look at it philosophically because now like, Friday, Saturday, Saturday, Saturday, Saturday, Tuesday and Thursday, and then you got a four day holiday for a vacation. So if I have a, it's having many vacations. Right. Because if it's one thing we like here on QMS having a lot of vacations. That's what it's all about. In fact, went for Ralph in his first vacation tomorrow. That's right. That's right. The beast will be on 8 to 10 of us. So stay up late tonight at July 4th. Either way and sleep in really tomorrow till dinner boys, there's plenty on bits. Gonna be great, isn't it? Dinner boy? Of course. Here's the call from Carl Springs. Hello. Hello. Yes. Yeah. I'll put it right. Who could brought these real name was? No, I do not. He was arrested on the, he wrestled on the name of one of my contaminants. Well, that's right. I saw it on the thing. I've looked at that before the show this morning. Yeah. I used to live next door to him and co-pay out on Mongamon in New York. He was a hell of a big guy. Oh, he was. Thanks guys, too. Great guy. How bad. It was a vibe with all kinds of kids saying he's helping him out. You've got stuff here. The fat people are the good people, man. There you go. Thank you. Have a great one. Thanks. Lenny Montana was Luca Bracci. Let me worry about Luca. Don't call you on. Yeah. He was good. And of course, the scene. What was that guy? I don't know what the guy that stabbed him in the hand. The Celucos stabbed him in the hand. And then somebody else reached the window. The one that held his impadded his hand on the bar. One of the goons. One of the taglias. Yeah. One of those goons with another really nifty hat. Yeah. Five, six, seven, five. So taglias goons here. I was Barzini all along. Oh, sorry. So you get it right. Up until this day. Here's North Miami Beach with a star. Hello. North Miami Beach. I'm not going to press my lock in. I'm saying. Right. Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I got questions. A particular scene in the Godfather. At the beginning of Connie's wedding. When Luca Bracci was out in the garage fair. And Tom Hayden was receiving death in the dawn study. And told after told, it's not that he's a lupid. He wanted to see it. He wanted to see it. On his, uh, uh, Randall said, wow, it was necessary. Is this really necessary, yeah? Why is that? Why didn't you want to see him? Because he wanted to go out and get involved with his daughter's wedding. He was getting impatient. Because he had all these assholes live. That wasn't personal. It was his business. You know what I mean? All right. Have a great day, pal. See, am I right about that? Done. Luca's just a soldier. I mean, why are you wasting my time? You're just a soldier. Get that on me. Yeah, you know, you're taking a spary first. Right. I would agree. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. He, there's just something about James Cohen. He starts doing that thing out of the corner of his mouth. What was the movie I was just telling you? He was in the night. His right. Oh, no, not misery. The other one. And I told you where he started talking about the, the way they're going. That's right. You haven't seen it yet. I haven't seen it yet. It's good. Pretty violent though. I don't know if you can. No, not really very good. I'll probably. Next time we head yesterday about what's his name. We're need like, how many day or whatever. How that kid's name is. What's his name? Who? Just French kid that acts in there. Come on, be in there, boy. That's right. Ryan Philippe. Philippe. Philippe. Philippe. I think we're going to have dead air from tentative to Marathlete. Can be in there, boys. Going to be just laid out. Or just laid. I think you need to go to the same opium part of that Bob the Nure was having such a good time. What's the pilot time in Marathlete? Get a little pipe action. Water pipe. Sir. WQAM. Speaking. Yeah. What happened there with Luca and when the godfather said, you know, I really have to see him. Right. It was in the book, because I'm just going to read the book right now. The book is great. I read that way before I saw the movie. I've always seen it one time. The movie one time. It's amazing how vivid the scenes that movie stuck within my head. Now, but he's in the book. He says that at the beginning when he talks about Luca that's a godfather doesn't necessarily be here in Luca, but he makes him very uneasy. Uh-huh. And that's why he was getting like a little shaky. He's like, I really have to see Luca. I mean, all these things are very scary. Very scary guy. Right. So he just made him a little uneasy. That's the one thing. I know the law was over. You mentioned, you know, what should you be doing with the bedtime stories on the website. Please leave them on. Oh, we were. Just, it's just, I can't even tell you. If you want to bomb my head with it, there's so many of them. I need like, you know, a day and a half, you get through the website because, you know, I get them a little slow, but I just love having it. And you do such a great job. Actually, thank you for it. Okay. Have a good holiday, pal. You too, ma'am. Thanks. Okay, there you go. There's a guy that appreciates the massive efforts. And the bedtime stories will continue all the way through the summer. By the way, Biner Boys taking personal responsibility on the days that I'm not working. Keep that in mind, Biner Boy, as in starting tomorrow. You got it. And I have. It's he, it's he, it is bad to shape as he sounds this week. He's been really comatose. Of course he haven't got it. A bigger part? He's been busy doing one. That time stories, things like that. I see. Excellent. After all, a little distance away to get some of that, sometimes. Got the schedule on there for December. And he's got to cover our CD right above Dancing Dwarf Mo. I'll tell you. If you really bored to that, just click out of where we got Dancing Dwarf Mo and just sit there and stare. It'll keep you occupied for hours. Make no mistake. What are you going to do? Nice college boy, yeah. They want to get mixed up in the family business. And now you want to go down to police, Captain One, because you slapped you in a face a little bit. What do you think? This is the obvious way you shoot them a mile away. You're going to get a close like this. The thing you blow that brains a lot with your nice side, Relic suit. Come in. You're taking a spare portion. He is too good to be treated. 26 after one at 5 60, out of any who else is great, Chuck Alfieri. Charlie's been helping guys with their bald spot, problems for over 35 years. Now, and sooner or later, to most of us, it happens. God sticks to the little finger in the ear and scratches you want to hit. And your hair starts falling out in clumps. Oh, good. It's bad news. Please do it with that big shiny bright spot. But most guys don't want. And you can do all kinds of things. They've got to be about 5,000 ways of filling in that bald spot. And there's only one that really looks good. Like it's the real thing. The natural hairline system, the most amazing hair system that we're invited, which is why even a guy's with a big bucks go to Charles Alfieri. And right now, Charlie's offering you his summer special hair system. Only 549 bucks per first time customers. If you already have a hair system, a piece. You can say 50% on service and repair on all patchs, air systems, including shampoo and trim. Can you imagine how neat he could make most muskwatt look? Nifty. Charles's got a guarantee for you too. And nothing lose but the bald spot because he betrays her system for 30 days. And all other way it looks and feels and smells. If you're not getting action like round a clock, then return it for a full refund. Charlie's really the benchmark of the hair industry. Don't delay. Get your life turned around forever. Look better and younger than the ever dreamed you could again. Call 1-800-3212413. That's 1-800-3212413. And give back a great looking full head of hair. Or check them out on the web at Charles Alfieri.com. Riding local. Here's for 20-560-0. 2-A-M. 2-Rical. 2-1-June. She was innocent. She was the greatest piece of ass I've ever had. I'm not part of all over the world. Fine. There's a TV channel for Ritnex. Well besides TNM. It's the WT. What? Clash television. Tonight at 8th join. Yeah, Foxworthy as he fits two teams of good ol' boys against one another. You see it? You can keep their hand on the box of the bot cat on. Fair vector. And tonight at 9th, Jeff Foxworthy will get to teams of shady free mechanics again. One another to see who's first to put together a run and vehicle from parts of a tour of cars in Jeff's front yard. All while ranking lots of ear. On. Drunkyard wars. Then at 10th. If you love them, thought robots. And we know you do. Be here when your host Jeff Foxworthy fits two teams of in-bred retard. Using cattle pros to make blind-folded cows running to one another. On the premiere episode of cattle bots. All that plus classic reruns of the Jeff Foxworthy show. Tonight on the WT. What? Trash television. 131. Good and 90's here easy. Here's a whole bunch of facts. His Keith and Vokus says you're killing me. Got a question for you guys in the godfather during the wedding scene. Some guy throws two or three sandwiches to that kid. Paulie, when he throws them he else something. What does he say? I think he's talking about Clemenza with a Paulie. More wine. Yeah. Right? That's the only thing I can think of. Right. It's big crack Clemenza. Paulie. More wine. That's your lead time. I can remember. Also Greg and I may later ask. We'll be forward to that one. Here's one that says from Robin Poverty, I can't remember the name of the Think Tanker with Web address you mentioned three months ago. It was right we in content putting it very mildly. And mentioned he was needing a small war for some BS reasons. Could you mention the Think Tank Statement Web address? I needed desperately. Grammy-Nationing it's my right wing Christian brother. Thank you very much. I think you're talking about a P-Nack project for the new American century. I think so. I think I take that. P-N-A-C. Just do a search P-N-A-C and you'll find they actually have their own website, which is kind of scary when you read their own crab and then you can read about them too. My people will expose them for the bunch of lunatics that they are including our governor, Jeff Bush. Oh! And our president. And a bunch of other Graham. Greg and Mommy Lakes. Why is Michael Corley only so special? I saw Godfather one in two twice. I thought Michael was kind of boring. Please explain the fascination for this character. Wow! I mean, compared to a Santinoe certainly boring and compared to Don Corley only. And compared to a Joey Zaza, he doesn't make a Belafagura like Joey Zaza. Right? He's low key. I don't know the word certainly isn't boring, but he is low key. He's endearing because like he's the war hero, the common man can relate to him. He's not so much of a Guido. Yeah. He's the war hero. Came back and just inherited the family business when the old man got sick. He was like filling it with wood at whole brine. When pop was in a hospital with his assassination attempt. And he loved his father. Right. And then he got smacked in a mouth by a McCloskey. Right. He's quick. He's quick. And then they hit a little a clent. Nice dinner at Louise in the Bronx. Which there is a Louise in the Bronx. By the way, we've already been through that. Let's be on the city. So there you go, Greg and Mommy Lakes. You're right. He's a little bit low key, but I don't think boring is the right word. And if you didn't like him, that's okay. All of he is winning the pool. Which I would not agree with that. Michael 107. In fact, I would think that Don Corleone and Santino both got him beat easy. Oh yeah. Right. Yeah. But he was in all three movies again and keep in mind based on that other guy to call before there's only five people that were all three of them. Michael 107. Your favorite character from the three godfather movies. Don Corleone. 100. Never saw the godfather. 79 of you 14.3%. 79 of the people in the pool. Santino, sunny 59. He should do better than that. Come ends of 39. Look at Brotsie 37. Tom Hagen 34. Mo Green 26. Fredo 16. Frankie Pintensia. See the people like Fredo the best. They probably can relate to him. Well, this is smart. Yeah. Not done. This is smart. Fredo 16. Frankie Pintensia 15. Hi, man. Roth at 12. Check. Walks up to six. So fear five. McCuski 3. Vincent 3. Connie 3. Tessio's got three. So let's go to Carl Carl O'Wann and nearie don't have any. Although he does eat a mean box of chocolates. I was a bit of thought would have been Clemenza. Now it's the smart move. Tessio was always the smarter one. That was another good scene. Where they're sitting there at the funeral. Right. And Michael is sitting there and Tom Hagen comes over. After Tessio comes over and arranges the meeting. 5.6.7. 5.6. 5.6. On the AT&T and Verizon. What am I doing? We're doing screen most, right? Right. I'm in coherent. WQAM Hello. Good. Hello. Yes sir. Okay. Good one. Thank you. Have a nice Saturday. WQAM Hello. Yes. How's it going? Good. Happy 4th of July. And back to you. Yeah. Just wanted to say. Will you please admit to me that my monkey's are cute? Oh. See, there's another one of our chronics that we do not want to speak to. We don't want to know anything about you. We don't want to hear from you. We don't want letters. We don't want phone calls. We want you to go away. There's nothing cute about you. Your monkeys, your brain, your mouth, your ass. We want you to go far away. Okay. You're an imbicil. WQAM Hello. Hey. Hey. Yes sir. How are you doing? Good. I hate all these chronic A-holes with their cheesy, whatever. You brought something up before that you only caught the tail of you said there's some kind of a concert going on in Toronto and Raj from the Rolling Stones and all that. Can you please inform me on that? July 30th. Okay. And it's, let's see. It's 2150 Canadian 16 bucks US. I think if you called, I don't know how far. I mean, I know they're selling in the US, but I don't know how far. If you called Ticketmaster, they could probably tell you where you'd have to call or do whatever to get them. Do you know the name of the event? So look it up with what you're doing. Oh, geez. I mean, how many concerts would you have had July 30th in Toronto? I see. It's the SARS benefit. I don't know if that's the actual name of it. I know you're not a big rush fan, but that's the reason I want to go see in my love. Right. But thanks for, thanks for the heads up on that. And once again, Neil, you're awesome. I'll see you at the border. Love you, baby. Okay. See you. Have a great holiday. Okay. There's a guy coming up. There's a lot of people coming up from the States in elsewhere for that concert. July 30th here in Toronto. I know George and the Binaibor both be up for that. Right. I'm up right now. 560, 50560. Stones. It just turned 90. Now, hey, listen, they still draw. I don't care what anybody says. They still a gigantic humongous draw. Cartons? No. Kind of like, you know, Portra Feady. Portra Feady. 560, 50560. It's a screenless last half hour. And then, of course, tomorrow's the 4th of July. Everybody's going to be off. And then we start our summer schedule to which we say, oh, yeah. And George is relieved too, because he had somebody trying to undermine him a little bit. Yeah, Carlos. Yeah. Somebody was traveling, sneaking in there a little bit. And he had no part of it. Not more power to him. He needs, he needs to just calm down a little bit. Take a little bit slower. We love him. He's greatest sensational. He's the Marlon man. He's taken. You can't take on the whole world all at once. Follow what I'm saying. No. What do you say? I don't know. WCWM. Hello. Yes, sir. You're this male? Yes. Hey, Neil. You and I will get the same face. I like time and for the lamps. I like for the godpie. Good check out the streets, gangster, New York. The streets, gangster, New York? Yeah. With the cop. Would Leo decarrio? No, I don't think so. No. 560560. Pound 560. Then we just go through that two days ago, but who would never ever. There is no chance. I wouldn't care if you told me it was the greatest film in the history of the human race. If Leo isn't, I wouldn't be called deadwatchen it. WCWM. Hello. Yeah. Let's speak to Neil. Speaking. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Good. How are you? Hey, so what about the... That's the real guy in the morning. As he looked here. How does he look to me? Ugly. He's a lovely guy. He's a big ugly guy, but he's a panic. How does he... why do you want to date with him? Yeah. I want to talk to him. Yeah. What did he say? He wants to talk to him. That was the for all guy that's called for time. Hi. No kidding. Come on, George. I may be incoherent, but I'm not stupid. Okay. There's a different incoherent as one thing. Stupid. That's another one. Do a lot of magic mushrooms you incoherent, but that doesn't necessarily make you stupid. 560560. Pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. He's a big, in fact, you... do we still have this picture on our website? Yeah. Why, you say, yeah. I mean, I don't know because we've had so much other stuff in that area. And that part of it, we got Dancing Mo and Swing in Mo and Scorley Mo and Mozo to clown. And dancing dwarf Mo. And then there's me, homo. So all kinds of stuff. Oh, and then let me also mention this. Don't forget about the Hot Couples Contest. We got Geldy and Geldy and Mo and Clarence in the Beast and Mo, Rape in yours, truly. Oh, and there it is. A very small picture. That's why I'm out of sight out of mind. You know, Mueller, then we put it up the really big. It's Mueller, then we original one. Anyway, we still have the pictures of Aaron and Amy on there for you. We need desperate folks just to keep taking a look at both of them. They'll do it for you. And we need to get a lot more of these entries. I should mention this because it is the dog days of summer now. The contest officially starts week. Oh, that's right. You got all week next week. And so to why? What am I thinking about? I was thinking it started this coming Monday. It's a week from Monday. So don't waste your time doing that. Okay. Thank you. Now, because we've only got it. But we got just the one or two. Right. What are two for a hot couple's contest number four or fourth in final for this year? Twenty till two at five sixty WQM at say Neil Rogers, fourth of July blowout sail from our good close personal buddies. Tom Lennon and Joe Prieto and Helipoddy XMC going on as I speak. So much of great deals going on. Wait and for it. Neil, the number one gets 0% financing for 60 months on every 2003 Ponec or GMC in stock. Neil, the number two get up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 GMC in Ponec in stock. Are you current in former military personnel? Get yourself an additional $750 rebate from your friends at Helipod right now just for the heck of it. Neil, the number three, least the new 2004 Grand Prix GT1, for as little as 289 bucks a month. That's a 36 month list. The good folks at Helipoddy. All the details. And Neil, the number four, glass but not least get an additional $500 bucks off some of the most popular GMC models included the onboard you cut into Nellie, now through this coming July fourth weekend, plus the GMC toolkit while supplies last. Also now at Helipoddy you can test our vehicle for 24 hours. You can take an home, take it to work, take it to the race track, anywhere you like and have a great time with it. Helipoddy XMC in the same great spot they've been making phenomenal deals and treating you great for 35 plus years. 134.01 South Fixie Highway that's on US one across from the falls over every day seven days a week. For more info on Ozoneel deals caught our hotline toll free at 1 Tribal 8, 534, 4211. 1 Tribal 8, 534, 4211. Don't forget all these Neil deals always substitute credit approval, see the good folks in Helipoddy Tales. You'll agree with me when you do your car shopping there at Helipoddy of GMC. They definitely are professional grade. My, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my Oh, you're back Mossy puedes...! Oh, the S.V vaid, come on, yeah, yeah... Doesn't bathe, dreaming me, dreaming the wine Hey, Lynch, good-bye! Oh, make a dinner. Ohh... No trick! Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no. You're not a good man. You're not a good man. Johnny Ponte will never get that movie. I don't care how many day go get you. What, Chris Paul, come by and come out on a woodwork. I'm German Irish. Well, let me tell you something, my crock, Nick, friend. I'm going to make so much trouble for you. You'll know what it was. Come to lawyer. I have that threat. I know almost every big lawyer in New York, who the hell are you? Exactly. Probably, it's still two or five, 60 QAM. I'm not having you. I'm not having you. Aren't you excited the way this countdown is going today? Yeah, sure. You're not excited. You're not excited. We're all excited as I am. Gee, I wonder why. Maybe it's the paycheck. Oh, WQAM, hello. I'll be damned. That is a real shot in the post. You know, I just damn it. WQAM. Yeah, can I have a video? Speaking. Leo, how you doing? Pretty good. I got to move for you know that new government will do not call it. Yes? Right. Right. You know, in order for you to apply your telephone, then we have to enter email address. Right. You know what the government is doing with three mail address? Something to the Internet marketing companies. So they can instead of spamming on a telephone. They can spam your email address. Maybe they can also sell it to the RIA, so they can check out, make sure you're not downloading and sharing files of music. Well, they're also doing it. You know how much a list can go for. Like, people pay like $1,000 a list. Right. For $1,000 a list, for about half a million names. And they're supposed to get about $67 million email address. Hmm. And you know, you've forgotten another mobile. Yeah. For Florida. More important thing. I love you, Neil. Well, here's you. Wow. 560, 560, pound 560, 180 and 10. And Verizon line. By the way, you didn't get a chance to rip those out today. Bell sells socks like the vacuum of space. Ha ha ha ha ha. George had another great bell-sophic experience. I'm saving that for Monday. Yeah. Say that for a Monday for your own information of my bell-sophic experience. Don't waste my time with your personal frustrations of my close personal friends like Spurious Canton and all those assholes at the bell-sophic at all. They should all rot. I agree. They hate me like poison anyway. So what though, you know. In fact, people will, well, how come you don't have a bell-soph line like you used to because they hate me? Because they're a bunch of religious nuts that run a company. Untrained chips working at Bell-sophic. And they should only rot. And that's the insult of chips. Precious on passions is going to be insulted and take that personal. How about a QA and hello? Hello. Yes. How are you? Good. How are you? I'm great. Johnny Olah. Johnny Olah was good. How could we forget Johnny Olah? And his piece of fruit for my amin. And Superman, right? And also, I think Sophia Copper was in all three as the little girl. Whenever, whatever age she was in, if I remember. I mean, you're right. She was the infant in the baptism scene in number one. And all three. But what was she in number two? She was the little girl. She was in there when Kay had a say goodbye. I was right. And then, was her, you're absolutely correct, you're right. I had a real difficult time on the poll. I was going for a comment. I voted for a commenter. But I love high men, well, I would digger the new style. Right. Love them. And I think also that Johnny Olah was one of Salat's. And who's? Boom. Yeah. In the garden scene. Danny, I yellow was in that movie. I think he was in, he was nobody. He was just one of the goons. But in the end. He's still nobody. If he asked me, I can't handle it. I don't know what it is, but there's something about him. I think it's lack of personality, like a somebody. He's just not an. He's not being a lot of movies. Yeah. That's so big. Have a great holiday. Thank you, too. Thanks, bye bye. Five. 151 Johnny Olah and Superman, how could we forget that? Oh, yeah, Johnny used to take me there all the time. Oh, that's right. Open, right. I'll never hold man raw through one of these places. But Johnny knows him like the back of his head. Right. Oh, and you can see the light bulbs going off off of a top of Michael's head. See that. His eyes were spinning like a. Tick on the sheet. 152 at 560 WQM. Hate by now. You've been here to talk on this program about Laminate Sir Us. And how laminated wood flooring from Laminate Sir Us is the easy. Low maintenance alternative to natural flooring. You've been here in that. Absolutely correct. Laminate Sir Us is the best place for you to find Laminate Wood flooring from Pirator. Purgot will son art unifloring quick step to top names in a business. They've got all the top names all installed by pergoster to fight installers. And here's another good reason why you had to be calling Laminate Sir Us. Their prices will positively floore you. Right now you can get there some are special for just 1995 bucks. That's right. Only 1995 bucks for up to 380 square feet of beautiful Laminate Wood flooring. Positively astonishing. And Laminate Sir Us will match any legitimate written offer to. For a free and home estimate with no obligation. Call Monser Us toll free. 1 8 7 7 7 7 7 7 3 3 3 3 3 6. What could be easier to give you free carpet disposal free furniture moving to 25 year warranty. And years and eons a beautiful easy care Laminate Wood flooring. Call Monser Us today. And please tell me the authority to call toll free. 1 8 7 7 7 7 7 3 3 3 6. My life and low. This is 4 30 5 60. You way and way and way. But yeah whatever. Let's talk about the N.A. I'm on today. I want to give me some goods. You have a way. Come that way. I woke up with King Gong this morning man. Dude I was pitching a bomb check. No I mean you're lady. We're doing a pretzel jet opposition last night. You know that one. What's your favorite position base? I don't have. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. A real sport. Ha ha ha. Hey. Oh damn darling. With scat million dollar contracts to play people. By escalates with gold spin or wheels. Ha ha. I hope they all flip upside down on each other in a giant pile up. And follow a cliff and tie. Wow. What the. What the. What the. What the. Well. I. Well. When was that book a blind get off. Compare me to Jack Daly all the time. Did I just don't get it? I was just hanging it off to me about. No. You weren't some of my meat. No. No thank you. You're now looking. Why? A good you just calm down. I need wear a sports station after all. I'm not supposed to be exciting. Yeah. I mean what you're talking about. Borders on slamming. It should just return to the sanctity of mo. It. Now put that out. Are you eating my leg. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Anybody want that's. That's. I want 56 at five 60 W Q a n. See, I think some people in the audience are confused. Well, I mean that's an understanding. If no, I mean. I mean. Because we like to keep them off guard. We're famous for that. A Q and we keep everybody. Like, you know, who's on first? Like yesterday given a wrong starting time for the Marlon game. I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean this facts, on I love the Condolese effects. That's a beautiful thing, yeah, thank you for whatever credit person said that. We just love Condolese. Not. Anyway, we asked that are a poll today and please be sure to look at our poll because if you're confused about the schedule, it's right on there. Being a boy that is usual, stellar job, not only are you getting that on there. I'm getting the summer schedule, but also getting the cover for a vizgeniel CD, which comes out in August. That's a beautiful thing. Hey, mol, mol, I'm dancing on your grave sweet, aren't I? Can't wait. you're supposed to play. I'm listening. Oh, that's he's way across the room. I'm listening. That could be the all-time best. Absolutely. Or even better, but I'm not sure. All the crap you could unwrap. All the slime all the time. They're all pretty damn good. Keep them coming, though. Okay, who's your favorite character from the three godfather movies, Michael Corleoni, 1116. Even other one guy thinks he's boring and he's a little okay. He's not as exciting as Don Corleoni's got 107. Never saw the godfather 84 14.2%. Let's see how many votes we got, 589, almost 600 and we got over 14% never seen it. Which I guess is good because if everybody would have seen it, then what are we accomplishing? It's like preaching to the choir. But here we can buy all of this hysterical and enthusiastic talk. We can encourage a bunch of other people to see it. Santino, Sonny's got 66. Plumins of 43, Luca Brazzi 37, Tom Hagen, Reston P. 35, Mo Green 28, Frankie Pentagely 17, Fredo 16, Hyman Roth 12, Jack Waltz, is got 7. Sophia 5, Captain of Class VIII, Vincent III, Connie III, Tessio III, Solato II, Carlos got one and now Niri has got one. Everybody's got at least one. I felt so bad for Niri. You know, because we all appreciated the job of the D.R. Bishop. Right. Now Greg and Miami Lates says, I almost forgot to have a great summer vacation when you return. I'd like to hear the highlights of your vacation. Making it sound as though like this is my last show to the end of the summer which I only wish from your mouth to Greg's ears Greg, another Greg. But no, I'll be on Tuesday and on Thursday. All through the summer, Georgia's doing Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Tomorrow, of course, is a holiday. So, Bina Boys is going to be playing a bunch of bits and crap and stuff and probably farting stuff like that in between. And if you heard from him, it'll be the real thing. So have a great July for holiday and Bina Boys and our Georgia'll see you on Monday and I'll see you on Tuesday. Bye. And all I can say is, All right. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.