Hey by the way Moquit's Ark at around Joe he says you don't want no party he hates you like boys Hey Moquit your oh My Because I've been looking around When excuse to explain my words Okay You can recognize me Great, but my top leaders have reached out my enemy's vision And I keep children wrong And they sleep inside my bed Are you sure? People say that I am gay That is why I'm married He's so worried He's afraid to lay to come and say With this song That's really bad Blame it on my child You try and draw those toys that I never had You need to show in my life What much for me and I'm you still done Yeah Before you touch me I call me free Let me find and hug And say That's really bad I believe it on my child That damn fact I can't stand it 10-03-5-60 WQM happy Wednesday too Well, I'm gonna tell you there are certain little group of people Without whom we'd never have anything to talk about Yeah Anyone who wants to buy a bozier to clown there as president Who just made that embarrassing speech in a London To a fixed house If we didn't have a Michael Michael Talk about we didn't have Rosio Dahma Right there's only about like 10 people it's always been this way Are good friend Howard I didn't know which Howard you were talking about That and that of course Don't forget Recent Ha ha ha ha ha Ha line Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Okay, that's enough for you, right? Good on you Small potatoes Michael Jackson reportedly saw for arrest on child molestation charges Poshed our Michael Jackson has been accused of multiple counts of child molestation involving a 12-year-old boy and award is reportedly been issued for his arrest Says ABC News The official documents in the case have been sealed because it involves a minor Monsensitive charges but court TV says citing anonymous sources That a Santa Barbara County, California, judge side of the arrest warrant for Jackson Between 60 and 70 investigators from the Santa Barbara County Sheriff Department of the DA's office Carried out of search warrant yesterday morning at the 45-year-olds 45 can you believe that yeah Well, here's the queen but seriously if she don't look like the man had her where that had for that I'm serious nobody was like that Nice hat come on. Oh, come on. Oh, come on. Oh, man had her in Matt Malice and Wonderland war of peace like that There's the queen with George She says oh if you think of the only queen in this house you mistaken anyway Between 60 and 70 investigators and the DA's office care of the search warrant yesterday morning The 45-year-old singer's home in the Santa Inaz Valley official said they spent several hours at the ranch Court-tive TV's Diane Diamond said law enforcement sources told her and the rest one had been issued Which would allow Jackson to be put in handcuffs in all 50 states. Oh, yeah, don't we want to see that She I do the search was part of an ongoing criminal battle better late than never land The search was part of an ongoing criminal investigation starts in Chris Papas said in the statement But the authorities declined to elaborate. They played a whole new conference today Papas denied a no rest more to be issued, but if court TV says it you know damn well right They don't mess with the truth right Brian Oxman who has represented the Jackson family members the past that the investigation involved a molest station allegation He said the investigation is about a 12-year-old boy to vales a molestation allegation and maybe masturbation at the station Oxman said in the statement sheriff deputies have an investigating the case for monsters in an ambulance that's already coming gone Well, what's that all about an ambulance? Maybe bubbles eruptured to something didn't need die Now actually bubbles got too old for him. See if anything gets and I'm not joking about that. It was a net book the unauthorized biography of a pay a pedophile There's a forensic span on the scene here. We go again. He said this is insane said mr. Oxman Jackson spokesman steward back him until ABC news the lastman was not authorized to make official statements on the singers behalf and a statement released The last night Jackson officials representative said he didn't know what the investigation was about But that the entertainer would cooperate with authorities Backerman condemned the malignant hoard of media hounds those brownie hounds who claimed to have the inside poop scoop A rose gallery of hucksters and self-style inside sources have dominated the away since reports of a search and neverland broke Speculated and by the way, I don't think there is any search all those pictures we just seen I think it's like will maybe I had the man on the moon Don't you sure what it's it's a hoax Oh, I just the big hoax So when we have Michael Jackson may wind up in handcuffs to which we say yeah Long long overdue anybody buying that he's the daddy of those babies. No, no the him and Lisa Marie ever No, no, no chance not a Chinaman stance and I noticed Johnny cock me not it didn't take this story wasn't even look warm yet Before already there were starting like a king last night on channel surfing there's our good buddy Larry And he's got his panel there's what what's your name? Nancy Grace and all these other were grave robbers are there? Well, you know Michael this and Michael that and they're starting all over again So like I said thank you Betty Betty much thank you to Ilion and Maris greasy ass and all of those people Because otherwise what though would we have to talk about right? Amen Because because the public didn't care about all the important stuff and we know that like a rack Like that like the fact is all these innocent people dying every day of all shapes and sizes and varieties for no reason at all They start a bunch of bull crap lies either Arabs Now I'm talking about the herbs and the Americans and the Brits and whoever else on innocent people Anyway 1229 votes now I want to say this Eric you're doing a great job on our website, but I have a feeling I could be wrong I have a feeling either Eric put there's only one or three possibilities Okay, all right because it started on Saturday I notice either Eric has done something different on my stats page there so that they're measuring the hits on our website Everything is like a different thing which he has a habit of doing that when at least expected Either that happened or after for well god candy audiences gone that's the number two possibility or number three Everybody's bailed out a town because of the FTA Everybody's just left because you keep telling me that when you drive it in there's no traffic no more this week No, there hasn't been lie and it's too early for people to be going away for Thanksgiving Now I do notice in the October trend that we talked about yesterday that the sports nerds man today rule or what? Wow six three in a morning In men we had a 65 afternoons a 79 so our run has I mean we were number one our time slot, but our run is rule of the worst on the station is over and I'm glad I'm glad to see that I hope it continues You know what I mean? Okay, no, it's too much I mean as long as we're number one we get the bonuses. What are we carrots too much? He's supposed to let the mad dog in a hopper a curious for while Let them all do it then we feel so left for well though, but he can't do it. He's not here no more I'd be nice to get that station overall bonus Well, we're still number one in man right still a five six number one in man baby Q a m So let the rest of them where we would the ones you know why I think it's time to do take a moment Catch your breath. Yeah, that's it. Don't you think what's that from huh? Is that one of those jingles? The next group is more great stuff from pams. Yeah, that's that jingles thing But I like the way he says take a moment catch your breath That's what Greg ought to do before he hears anybody else got just take a deep breath and sit back before he gets so carried away with your sports cramp We asked yesterday what was the number one bad idea of last century now we're gonna turn a vote on our polls because the first one We did yesterday what was the first one? Oh, but Joe Rosen and it wasn't even worded properly We left out we're listening to both I and I like to throw out that I'm listening to Joe Joe mama and let me say to get Mo Joe Hey, you quit sucking around Joe is complaining bitterly in a hallway And George can verify this. He was the spy that Mo keeps coming there sucking around and doesn't get the message He don't want nothing to do with the mole my street as money. Smell him. He doesn't want to see me Does money pet his muskrat. He don't want to any part of that old fart. He invaded the show He and yeah, he invaded the show. He don't want you in there. He's only got two hours for Christchew old kuts Stayed out of there quit inviting yourself in man a man who came to dinner and wouldn't leave Peace of crap We asked uh, what was the number one bad idea to last century 1229 votes United nations creation of Israel in the middle of a billion people who hate them 2013. That was the worst idea But I think that road map is uh Then we had a really good battle for second place the Supreme Court stopping the Florida whole count in the 2000 election Hundred ninety two people said that was a bad idea and the mole myster gave him a nice run for their money Absolutely even the hanging chads had a like a run like hell to stay away from mole WKWM giving more Howard David in his own show 184 very strong with despicable third place nice going mo give it to us all the crap you can unwrap He's got it Secret service in 63 for going the limbo bubble top in Dallas 88 and let's see today's Wednesday Saturday's the 40th anniversary of November 22 U.S. Congress in pitching to Clinton for lying about blow jobs 78 Hitler opening a second friend of guess rushes 70 Algor picking julee vermin for running mate 61 Lyndon Johnson escalating U.S. involvement in in Vietnam 51. How come that didn't have more? Chris Darden let's have O.J. try and him gloves 45 U.S. Congress passing prohibition 41 not a good idea Marsha Clark allowing in the nearly an all-black jury 38 in the O.J. case red socks on are selling Babe Ruth to the Yankees to finance a Broadway show 37 and they've never recovered Neville Chamberlain Munich agreement peace on our time 31 We've left off kissing your pieces in our hand In Vietnam remember that yeah, said peace in our hand didn't say a piece of what Even though we could smell it. Have the polio out of our Nixon I think you were talking about Dick Nixon Neville Chamberlain uh we just did that 31 the FCC Debrigulating the broadcast industry they've butcher did they killed it for as 29. Thank you assholes Coca Cola changing its recipe 28 it's a classic under compepsie Momek's creation of napton 19 in de regande I'm sure the six will make excellent bodyguards eight Cinecators giving magic Johnson TV show six Fox Network Chemitation show six and Ford motor company the Encel suck in hind wind in last place with four that was a good poll. Thank you All-oh Sean and Hollywood Thanks everybody who sends in their pool suggestions. We got a pair today. We got two pools First what about these fact of these game urges Which will get to momentarily see and then took an interesting pool and even though you see these national polis house They're online pool. I thought was pretty damn interesting which will get to momentarily and later We're gonna do that thing about is Britney Spears really a good role model for your daughter Why not why how about how about a good role model for somebody else's daughter damn there you go All of them there you go for everybody else's daughter, but not yours 10 13 at five 60 W to Q and hey, you know, I was just they showed that KFC thing on CNN before you heard a little bit of it And they're talking about low carbs everybody is talking about low carbs because just about everybody in the world is on some kind of a low carb diet They realize that we find carbahaid rates kill too many of man bad for you and that's why you love to let's waste Boca because it's an entire story devoted to you people or smart enough to realize that refined carbs be bad Everything they have in a story is either low carb or no carb or sugar free They got champion light drinks and five delicious flavors. They're back walnut brownies by control carb Southern the light chocolate chip cookies. They got bagels and breads Cheesecakes and muffins brownies chocolate pasta sauce chips Dip soups catch-up that great carbohydrate ice cream with almost no carbs Individual sized cheesecake and four flavors quick and easy cup of soups control carb brownies in seven different flavors Just chocolate and vanilla egg creams woodstoke mince Judy's low carb peanut brittle and La Nuba jam seven were may flavors to jam on and lots more stuff over a thousand items in stock You can try it even before your buy them that's great and they're open every day seven days away from ten to ten And also every day the atkins products are on sale all day every day at at the Delights of West Boca You'll find on the Northeast corner glazed in 441 next to Boston market for more info We can call that tool free number 1 877 low carb that's L.O. W. Don't forget the WCA RB low carb Run away with low carb.com For all you low carb fanatics out there you'll love this store or delights of West Boca your official atkins retail center Don't fall down by my And You're full of話 now build 100 like a unit in a more I'm a topi team exhale then коп 버ton unit! Alto bauba James, Iraq Drop and run MCI World Box-figure in bot say alarm here leki! Oh! Ground and roof, our Leland, the Rending roof, murder, Docs, Fox News, and Reuters on Young Bull. Oh, choice point democracy by gay to basicologies. Chuck Avales, aye, bold. Blocking out your vote. George Bush is a liar. George, it's 49, 11, for a global empire. George Bush is a liar. Can teach me on a late, big by now side, keep fire. Big, shady, wolf-boiled, Richard Perl and other big Andrew Card, Carl Robe and Mark Reticikko. Bill Bush can't push George P and Daddy Bush. Preston and Columbo and the Well Not The Mansion, Marvel. Trader Bob Null, facts, stepsie, aye, in the back. Brunsfield says, all is well and others soldier dies. Outsmoking them and cracked in the mail they get in, tracks, Iron and Hand, well-somed, then before their time. George Bush is a liar. Yeah, I call this poor, brim-ee, oh, I'm a vatty, art-on. George Bush is a liar. And the sin is there needy of, as you believe in, George Bush is a liar. The song is something that'll never get on your channel. George Bush is a liar. A traitor and the lady in and criminal piece. George Bush is a liar. 1019 at 5.60 WDQ, I'm happy Wednesday. I just realized it's Wednesday, George. Hey, you. Pity like that? What are we doing? Oh, we're doing at Big Special 1 to 2, our cousin's Wednesday. Are we ever dropping at Baby? Oh, hey. Michael Jackson tried to drop that baby board on dropping it. You could do a Michael Jackson block. I'm a girlset that call for Miami and line six as Muiportantes. So we're better taking it before I do that first poll today. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Oh, right. He was right. He told you, Muiportante. It's what he did that. It won't ready for me. Let's try tempered pines. That'll be better. Hello. Hey, now. You left off one main thing on your poll yesterday. What was the radiation of the IRS? Yeah, that's a good, a good bad idea. Yep. All next time. Yep. Next. All right. Thanks, Palo. Hey, up. Let's see. The last night, which are in their life. I know attention most because they were dime a dozen, but they had over 217,000 votes. Just a little more than we usually get. And the question was, uh, crap. Do you, well, well, well, I've never had a question. I wonder whether you agree with the should should know that. Here's the question. I remember it now. Should the Massachusetts legislature pass legislation to make gay marriage legal? 217,000 plus votes. 44% said yes. 56% said no. So these stats that they give you nationwide of a while only 30 or five percent. And like 60, I think the same 34 to 65% like two thirds of country are against it. Now granted, 44 to 56 isn't that close, but certainly, luck closer than they would lead you to believe. They lead you believe that most everybody lives like an abling Texas or something and some kind of a, the end it's all big it, you know? Or everybody lives in Dave County in the country. And as a result, he's a pointing finger that bull gets all in, we get wrongs and madacones and all this other crap, you know, obsessed with that factory. They're not because most people are too worried about their own goddamn lives. If you ask me, I could be wrong. Here's our first poll today. What's your take on gay marriage, is it? No way. God didn't create Adam and Steve. Why should I care? Absolutely. Absolutely. Everyone should have equal rights. Civil unions are okay, but not marriage. And only for members of the priesthood. Well, I had to put a little bit of a little bit of a little boy. We don't want to get too heavy, do you? Do we? They don't want to marry each other. And we certainly don't want to put nothing about neverland and they're because that would be bad taste. And that's my drip. Michael says it's really bad taste, especially if they're over the age of 12. That Michael's action thing, man. That should have people just foaming it them off long overdue. So you can get away for a while, Michael. You can fake your way through, but the bottom line is we're on the other hand. The whole world is on the right path. Nobody wants any more of your stupid records. Nobody wants to go and buy your crap at your pedaling. Nobody wants to see that grow test push. And so I started to say before that Johnny Cochrane was sticking his nose in this again. Every time Michael Jackson surfaces, Johnny Cochrane forced a habit, I guess, has to open up a push. Do you know the difference being that I guess he forgot to take a look recently? See, because Johnny's always coming to the defensive black guys. Usually, who are guilty as hell like OJ? Yeah. But OJ is a little bit blacker than Michael. If you catch my drip. If you walk on the inside, is that what it is? He's dark on the inside. I guarantee that. What's the dark? Evil. He's evil. Is what he is. Well, let's see. We've got a few votes on there already. This is pretty promising. 21 votes popped up immediately. What's your take on game averages? Absolutely. Everyone should have equal rights nine. Only remembers of the priesthood four. Why should I care three? Civil unions okay, but not marriage three. And no way God didn't create Adam and Steve too. I love the people who say that. That's why I put it on God didn't create Adam and Steve. It's always the ones who are the most limp-listed who are talking like that. More like Adam and Eddie would be good, you know, Adam and Eddie. A little problem over there in England. Ojo and Palace wants to investigate today and how it hired a journalist with a fake reference to be one of the servants assigned to serve President Bush's party. But that don't sound of it as it? No, it doesn't get. The Daily Mirror newspaper, depending on your exposed-day security, breached it. Fucking Ampalis said it's reported by given full access to Queen Elizabeth's residence on his first day on a job two months ago. The Mirror said reporter Ryan Perry had been due to serve breakfast this morning. The key Bush aids, because now it's like three and a half noon over there. It said Perry quit his job as a royal footman at midnight Tuesday. We keep being told this is the biggest security operation of all time. It seems to me to be a bigger belief. We could get to a situation as we did last night where our journalist was detailed with serving breakfast on the presidential floor this morning, and at the state banquet tonight. I'll see that I think they got the Bush's confused one and two, because this Bush had been on the floor yet. The first one. He had a little problem. I hit like that Brian Greasey syndrome. When he was in Japan, he had the problem falling down. I'm desperately looking for this damn thing. I can't find the thing. There it is. British Prime Minister Tony Blair's office had no immediate comment on this. Oh, go fall. What do they call scoffla? No, that's not it. What's the where I'm looking for? Goot, a gap? F-up. I see. We have air confidence in the British security, why'd House spokesman Claire Buchan say she referred all of the questions to British officials. In other words, we don't want to touch it. I guess you all heard that. I wanted to touch it. Buckingham Palace was conducting a full investigation in the incident. A Ross spokeswoman said on condition of anonymity. Security outside the palace was heavy this morning. He had the official welcome ceremony for Bush. The mirror published photos. He said that he picked the rooms and Buckingham Palace where Bush and his wife Laura are staying. And said, Perry had a full view of the presidential couple arriving Tuesday evening. How do you like that? It was a plant. It was a ringer. Something about security. It reminds me of like a 9-11. That thing with the White House and the Pentagon. How is that possible? Have you thought about that? Have you wondered? Yeah, briefly. How to help it's possible that it weren't scrambling jets like a meal. I mean, a new that won plain to be hijacked. And then of course within just a matter of minutes, they knew that at least another plane to be hijacked. How come there was like all kinds of activity going on? How may I present that? He was sitting there with that stupid look on his post in that classroom in Sarasota. I mean, what are we talking about? Is Michael more asked? You know? Faithing we deserve some answers. I asked, what up on it first break? So we'll all stop those spots. Miguel was of George's Bank because he facts me the log pages in reverse order. Me bad. Yeah, no, probably trying to just play a little game on me to see if I was alert. Which I was not. So it's both our bad. I screwed up because I just accepted. And you also facts me to pulls again. Well, just to be sure. Just in case I lost them like that story yesterday. Good thinking. When do you give to be old and seen off? Well, Bob Eisenberg should know something about that. 1026 at 560 WQM. Big news, our friends at Halipani, HMC. Just moments ago, I'm going to be like days ago. We're voted the number one Pani, HMC dealer in Dave County in customer satisfaction. That's why Tom Limon and Joe Prieto and all of the folks who had lasted so long. While others have come and gone. Over 35 long, amazing years they've been there. Stop by Halipani. I can check out the Pontiac vibe. Normally, retail's for over 20 grand, but you can buy it fully loaded runoffer just 16,500 bucks. Plus tax intake. And don't forget that Halipani's your truck head courters and maybe your trick head courters too, with over 300 to choose from, I believe, the Eucon and Eucon XL. And coming soon the new envoy, FCUV, which is the most unique SUV in a market. A hands down. Great Neil Deals are waiting for you everyday to Halipani, HMC 134-01. South DC Highway, that's US-1 right across the street from the falls of every day. Seven days a week. For more details, call the new Rogers Neil Deal Hotline tool for each city's delight me. 1 Tribal 8-534-4211. That's 1 Tribal 8-534-4211 don't forget. All Neil Deals submitted to credit to Provalcy the friends at Halipani hotels. Halipani, HMC, and Bob Byzenberg reminds us that they are, unlike him, professional favorites from Carter. Hey Jayi, you got started a week and you never got started, the most 5-6-6s in 2020 a year ago is the festival. Find out as soon as you stepped in the tent, carry the car, please help be sure you're safe and be patient. Ha ha! What do you call this? No, no, no, Taliya. Taliya. Let me talk to the devil. Please, hold. Mummy! Mummy! Ah! Raja! Mummy! Why is it? You cut the phone. Oh. Oh. Oh. Tommy with Toliya. Speaking, this is Michael Jackson. You lost your job. You lost your job. Oh, come on. Hey, I didn't lose my job. I stepped down or sure. However you want to paint the picture, whatever you have to tell yourself in order to save some sort of face you do it, but you will lost your job. You know, actually it's kind of nice to hear your voice. What? Kind of nice to hear anybody's voice. What are you talking about? Michael, that has something to do with that. Yeah. Can you hear that? That's my Mexican wife. Let me tell you. It was cute for maybe five minutes a day. But if I got to stay home on her, every day I'm going to go crazy. I want to fool. You're getting your justice, search. Tommy, Victoria, that devil. All we do is eat Mexican food. Chimmi, chongas, burritos, postitos. I got more gas and exon. And you deserve to have the bloat. Listen, Michael, I'll reserve for somewhere. I'll start another label. Sure you will. So you can destroy the career of other budding artists. Oh, we're going to Chevy. Yes, Tommy, we're going to Chevy. Thank you very much. All right. Oh, cheese. If it's not Chevy, it's cheese. If it's not cheese, it's what's that driving place. I don't know what you're talking about. I called to be way too. And all I'm getting is dribbled and chimmy chenga. Me. Mm. And minute, I was the reason you were forced to be fired. Right, I know. Because I'm very, very, very devilish. Mm. I'm not going to live in a mess. I was going to live in a mess. Yeah, living in America. All right. Hey, look, Mikey, I got to go. Okay. I got to take over the Taco Bell. Sandy. Okay. Chevy, you want to go with us? No, I don't want to be seen with you. You are at the devil. So at this point, I am finding myself having some sympathy for you. Oh, you're pretty good. All right. All right. All right. I got to go there, Mikey. Let me tell you something. If I were to plot it right now, after neighborhood would go up. Mm. God. Goodbye. Yeah. You're with that reminds me of what he says. He doesn't want to be seen with him. It's kind of like your role saying about Mo. He don't want to know people seeing that Mo was in a studio with him. Because he doesn't want him there. Speaking of, oh, yes. He's real pissed off about those best in the old things that we're running. Why is that? Because in some of them, they're, you know, you're playing excerpts. Right. Right. Right. About him. And he don't like it. Well, you know, what he can blow it out is old ass. I think he is. Well, what do you mean he don't like it? He doesn't like it. First of all, let me ask you this question. Did we put those promos together? No. Evil Evil Tommy did it. Evil Tommy, a production did it, which Tommy is a great guy and Tommy did it because he knows that those are some of the audiences favored. But see, if you really behind our charity drive, since he didn't donate a dime Mo and supposedly you're helping us out with my letting us use your likeness, your voice, your centaurian tones on our, the key chains. Then just dummy up. Okay. Don't be bitching in belly. You can't, you don't like this. You don't like anything. That's why everybody hates you, Mo. That's why you're dead near beat out the hanging charge. You came in a strong third in that podium today on the worst idea of the past century. I have never. And the fact that they had that six three in a morning, that has to either be an operation or the handful of mole licuser got to pull it or it was all for real, you know. It was all for real, it was all name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name. Could have been. Who not how low is it? But regardless whether he's got a six share or a point six share, which he said those, and then make any difference. He's still the same piece of crap. Okay. We don't care whether you like to promos, you're don't like him. And by the way, if we had a forwell key chain, we'd have raised a hell of a lot more money for a band of pet rescue than we're doing with your steps. In fact, I think even a mad dog one. The old ones from a couple years ago are going better. Right, let me go. There. He had to go to a meetup. Yeah, I'm not that I'm complaining. Tommy's fine, but you, I mean, Tom, you're going to put all the stuff on it from the five families and we go, I'd run off. Well, what kind of, so, once again, I mean, Tommy's got another job there in the building. So once again, what they do is, oh, is there anybody? Is there a body here? We got to go in there and push the buttons and play to guide them spots? What kind of crap is that? I say we could not make a gallon redefine. No, I say we could net the Greg Reed is what I say. Okay, we get nothing but leftovers on this space. We're making a more money than God that bitch, screw in, who's sitting back there with somebody's a toes in her, you know, where? Where? Yeah, she likes the toe job. To jam? To jam, yeah. Jam it. Jam it honey. Skanky bitch. But I mean, seriously, what kind of businesses this? It's bad enough that they brought in for else boyfriend there, who was like, I mean, Wow, if the audience could only know, that was the strangest piece of work I've ever encountered. He made Binear Boys seem like a rocket scientist. He made Binear Boys seem almost human, you're close personal friend. Man, oh man, the strangest looks and expressions and just, oh, like, just, totally incompetent on top of that. But nevertheless, so we head Miguel for a little while. Now we got Tommy and probably next arrow would be like, maybe Robert Greeper will come in, at which point I'll get up and walk out. I'll go out my living room. Let me know if he performs in, okay? All right. All right. I want to, I want to show what that prick on the edges, don't want to part of him. He should have been fired a long time ago. In fact, this, this coming here, you know, we make new years resolutions. It's only the middle of November, but I'm starting right now for 2004. That's going to be my, I don't try to get anybody can that unlike, like, I like, Mo is always doing, I'm not interested in depriving anybody else of a livelihood, even Mo. But in Robert Greeper's case, that's where I draw the line. I'm making exception. Oh, what? What? What? He never said they can. He's a dickhead. He's a trouble maker in a backstabber and he does more damn things wrong and shows up on, whenever he feels like it, because he's a professional student has been going to school for 100 years and now the rumor is he's got a girlfriend. That's the rumor. The girlfriend's name is Ted, I believe. I heard a confirmation on that. I'm what Ted. Oh, the girl friend. Oh, give me a break. What does that look like? What could that possibly be, huh? I heard actually not bad looking. Get out of here, get out of town. Maybe better or even. Yeah. Well, that's right. Maybe even at around J.D. Maybe her name is Clarence. He's not real bad looking. Well, Patrick and Voka Faxes and says, how about a countdown clock on your website with zero day being that a more hard day that a dad has a contract is up. What do you think? Absolutely. I don't even know when that is. Plus he's, I think his contract he must be extending it farther out than I am. Because I got three years and a month and a half, not that I'm counting. But one he extorted them and we're standing. Yeah, we all know about that. Moe, we loved the way you try to pull his crap and then keep it behind the scenes behind closed doors. He can't stand it. In fact, I wonder he injects Tom's and get along so well because they like to pull all our crap behind the scenes and then, oh, don't play me for that. Don't talk about that. I have nothing to do with that, you know. But I'd like to give both of them all the credit for all of the adurty deeds that they do. So Moe, you're right in there in the same category. Same smell. So he and his agent extorted Gregor Rich standing his contract about the year 25, 25, something like that. So we don't know about that. Also what says last week he said nobody don't dislike our carny. I did say that. At least that's what I think you said. Yes Patrick, that is what I said. How about a pool? See the problem with Patrick as he hasn't been listening to the long enough for you. Mr. Show, which is unacceptable. How about a pool to us? Other people that nobody don't dislike. Wasn't that long? We did that, remember? Right. We already done that Patrick in both cases. I would then and then adding insult to injury, Patrick. Guys, he says love you show websites. So we love you too Patrick, but you really, really shot yourself in a full with this one. This is how it put emerald on that list. Oh my god. I despise emerald. Somebody that nobody don't dislike. I don't know anybody that does like him. Oh no. Patrick. Emerald a gassy. Patrick, you must be the only one. Visa. George is the only one who likes iron chef and you're the only one who likes emerald. And I'm the only one who likes Tyler Florence because he looks good. Lebron Hall at Guy's name. Ooh. Florence Tyler. Tyler Florence. He's a cooking guy on a food channel. Oh. I don't care about his show. He just happens to look pretty good. You know me. Yeah. And Eric, by the way, is Dillon. He is a trip out there. I mentioned the thing about the, the stats page on the website. And so now I'm seeing numbers that all of a sudden that this isn't supposed to even change until two o'clock this afternoon to 15. And now all of a, because I check it religiously. I'm a student of this. That's why I'm still on the air, Eric. Okay. I'm not just like some fat slob who's a drug eaten all day. Hello. I just the fat slob part. So he's so he has been doing something. So my immediate like nervousness and concerned about that. Obviously is because he changed the thing again on it. You know what I mean? He changed the asperatus. Quite changing our asperatus, Eric. Now I know that that call in line six and a half, it would be a great call. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. You're having to see take on, take back the media, the true nine eleven. The video. No. You have to go to that website and check it out. It puts bush in the classrooms. Why everything was going on September 11th. It's incredible. It's incredible. Where do I see this? You go to take back the media dot com. And then it's slash true nine eleven. Okay. And it plays the whole video side by side of the event. Side by eleven. Okay. And it plays bush in the classroom on the other side of the screen. It plays them side by side. So you know, is he picking a house on this one or not? Ah, and there's not picking those, but he's reading why people are jumping out of building. Yeah. It's really incredible. Very tales. Yeah. That's what he does best. Okay. Thanks. Pounding out. Check it out. I thought it would be a good call. Take back the media dot com. You're going to have a good call or was retired. You was on a bench. Or something like that. My day isn't complete until I hear from that guy. He's my favorite right. He'll be here. He'll he'll be along. It's so let's see. Next hour. We're going to have like I think Greg is going to be sitting in our Greg weed. He's going to sit in there and do the thing. And they will probably have Dorine. And then what other sloppy bitch can we have come in? Maybe maybe he's going to come in there and like hold down the fort. Right. She's not on the chair. Oh, man. You remember that Randy chair? Can you imagine if a screen were squatting over that thing? Talk about the stromie for lunch. 1042 at 560. No. The go get a replacement. Talk about our Rubin sandwich. Oh, nothing. Anyway, if you can't stand the thought of that or look in an mirror because you got that big ugly ball spot like the mole man of solutes. It's a pain in the ass. Let's face it. If you want to look good. I mean, if you don't care like me, if you're an old fart and you're still doing pretty well, who cares? You know, like Wayne. Wayne don't need any hair because he's got billions. But if you're one of those guys, if you think your life could be a lot better, you might get a little bit of action. Maybe even get ahead in a world with some hair. Charles Alfie are the place to go. The natural hairline system. He's got his the best looking thing anywhere in the world. Nobody even knows it's not the real thing. That's the key. Every other piece. Man, it looks like a piece. It looks like a silly wig like Rick. Rick, Rick, the man who put the dud in Dudley. Rick Dudley to coach the panthers. He's got the most stupid hair piece. Even rivals the mole man. It's so bad. So if you want people laugh and act you go right ahead. But if you want to look great, call Charles Alfie or anything. You have nothing loose but you're ugly shiny bald spot because everybody gets Charlie's 38 Guadante. After 30 days, if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, if you're not getting late at least 15, 20, 30 times a day, Charlie give you a full refund. No questions asked. And if you mention your arches when you call it, you're going to get extra 200 bucks off the already low regular price. So get your hair back from Chuck Alfie or the smart way, not a mouse he's looking on Muscret. Call 1-800-3-2124-13. 1-800 on Guess what? Guess who's birthday we forgot yesterday. Who? I snorkeling! Mickey Mouse... Oh, oh, oh. Circus. Mickey Mouse. Mickey Mouse. Oh, I snorkeling. Mickey Mouse. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh. Come in next year. The king of pot for the tree! to try your hometown, touring to benefit the Caramel Classy School for wayward boys. It's Michael Jackson. The McLeod is a big key. A garland fairy, ever since. Michael Jackson. The men are not. The men are not. The men are not. The men are not. The men are not. The men are not. The boys school. The boys. Yes, Michael performs all of the craziest. Home Ode's with the Jackson Five. There's another ABC. I'm getting down on my knees. We're moving to Denver. We say this is not a me. Baby you and me. That's right. From the time of the tunes of the Jackson Five to the Classic School of Work, Michael Jackson's bit of fit to our aims to please. The people that surround the Superb are just in the Nile. Some call me babies rather some are better. I don't know what to decide. I just sit for a while and read a feed of feed of fun. I need to feed a baby. I don't Jackson. Sometimes I'm so depressed that I just sit around. So can't wait to go to call from the call and call kids. When I'm home and don't sit and make it by the phone. I need to feed it. And be one of the five buttonboys to receive backstage passes. To hang out in Michael Jackson's dressing room. Michael Jackson's bit of fit to show. And hey, yeah, I'm Michael. Yes, Bobby. Is that your real skin color? I don't know. It's inside the couch. Look at the light of a game that we can play to find out. And it runs a few fly. You know, it's time to treat Willie's face. Say, say, what you want? But you know who I do the fashion. We don't know how to read. But since no boys give me a reaction. And here's a rousing finale. Yes, Michael sings the song he wrote for the show of the world with the Vienna Boys choir backing him up. I don't like her. No. I like her. She'll never be. All right. I hope they win. I love you. It's a choice of making me. I like school life. But it's true that they make you clean his legs. We'll make you smile. Here are other great Michael Jackson classics. Mike Billy's jeans. Do you know how to tell time? And of course, smooth criminal. And you're a Michael Jackson's tour. Activate it. The cargo class is school. The way we're boys. Get your ticket now. Boys under ten of it and free. We're going to copy by no one. One back. They're white. They're really being attacked. They're going to get back. That's what they're telling. That's what they're telling. For Mike. Like I said, people don't all over the world. People bonnie each other up. We're sitting on pins and needles. Waiting for next shoot to drop. And Michael's a pedophile. Wow. Canoville. What a surprise. What a shock. 161 votes. Anyway, Eric says he hasn't deal with our thing. He did a one-to-one thing right now. But so that's a bad oldman. And I mean that everybody is left town since Friday, I guess. Or our audience's bamboo was once for our left. That was the end of QAM as we used. Once knew it for a brief few months. Gloria's months. Think that's possible. Impossible. And I think now that Tommy is there, I think it's very appropriate for Tommy to apologize to Moe for making those promos. You know what I mean? That had excerpts from us, Ripon and Anas, and making fun of him. Promos. Do you want to apologize? Tommy? I want to. He don't want to apologize because he hates him like poise. I don't want to put words in your mouth, but he hates him. Like everybody else does. Why should Tommy be any different? Especially now, he looks like human with his hair back. Like a guy. 161 votes on a poll. What's your take on game marriages? Absolutely. They said. That's a loop. Everyone should have equal right 64. Seems like an old dreamer to me. Right. Like I said, 67. Another 168 now. Why should I care for E3? In other words, my old business sounds good. Civil unions are okay, but not marriage 25. 26. Whatever that number says. No way God didn't create Adam and Steve 16 and only remembers the priesthood. 16. I don't know we had 16 priest listening. Did you? Well, I think we have more than that. I think that's a beautiful. Are they all listening right now? They're hanging on every word. How's it going, father? Paul suggests public evenly split. I'm of the gaze conchanged sexual orientation. This from the A and P. I'm a shop at the N.P. I don't see a Tommy doesn't know what he does. The call on line nine. That's his Miami. No matter who we have in there, whether it's Tommy, who just was dragged in there, or kicking and screaming or Miguel or a Scott or anybody else. It doesn't make any difference because they still put line nine is in Miami. See? You see that on the screen? Let's go to line nine in Miami. Hello. See? There is always him. It's always different. What it is. Nobody in data brow is going to call on line nine. It's like a toll free number. See? There we got a free number. So it's kind of like holding up a billboard saying, Hey, it's me again. The misfit, the professional crack, the worst of all them. The moment like four different voices will be a all-acraft. You know, it's me. But it's a good thing we get him on here because we keep them off the street. For a few minutes, anyway. For a little for, oh no, for four hours. Here's Miami on six, which is always an adventure. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, you might really consider this high numbers for the six to ten hour. That was back when the four of my arms made their run. Right. We've discussed that October was a humongous sports month because it was the playoffs and the world series. And so the sports was a huge and we did like less well. I mean, we were star of a one, but we were like small potatoes. The sports shows had huge months in October. Yeah, but that's because people don't want to stay up for two o'clock in the morning watching a four of my work. And so, you know, sports holes, that's what they do is they tune in for a long, a way to work. Right. Yeah, that's one of the, of prompt running phony the bandwagon. Jeopardy's were hopping aboard and getting all whipped up. Hey, let me ask you a question on your told the other day. The, um, about obscure movies. Let me ask you, what about Glenn Gay, Glenn Ross? Would you consider that obscure? I mean, I don't remember hearing anything about that one ever came out. But on the other hand, it's fairly obscure. I mean, it's, uh, it was a pretty well known. We'll be plus you when you look at the people who were in it. I mean, how can that be obscure? Is it correct? I'm sure you've got to be able to open it. I'm going to watch it again this weekend. You just inspired me. It's just the fabulous six-packed shop. When you have a sale department like we do a QA, and you've got to watch it every day. Anyhow far along are you in, uh, do we're in that country? Uh, how far along have finished it? How do you finish it? I'm doing the, I'm doing the Al Frankenbook now. Nice. Nice. We're hot to get on. And you too. Yeah, dude. Where my country? Everybody's got to read that. Everybody's got to watch bowling for Colabine. Everybody must read, dude, where's my country? And everybody, read, read, read, listen to me, read it on here. I see, I don't think they liked that. Who think they hate what? The audience, I think they hate it. Now, seriously, we had such a poultry turn out of a hits on a website yesterday. 152,000. That's like, uh, at least 60,000, sure to what we usually do. So like I said, you either. No, seriously. Because I take these things. It's very important, isn't it? No, well, I mean, you know, I got to do something. Something pretend that is still clear. Hey, you know, if can't go on forever, right? We can't be the king of the hill. No, no way. Can't be a forever. Let the mad dog do it. Let the hopper do it. It's his, it's his show. I'm top of the mountain. He liked the hop on it. Yeah, it was hilarious. But it's just, I think, and of course, when for well, God can't, all of a sudden, we got to major turnaround there, you know? You know what I mean? Ah, I mean, we got Joe, which we love Joe. And he did pretty good. I don't know how to interpret that poultry dish today, which was my intent. Keep it real confusing, because it might have turned out bad. Paul suggests public evenly split over the gaze-conchange sexual orientation. See, I mean, what is the word of that come from? What does that have to do with a price of peanuts? And that's so stupid. Huh, huh. Connor, you see, some of you people really need some serious help. And this is what's wrong with America. One of the main things that there's so many ignorant, ignorant people who just are, I don't know what kind of a planet you're living on, man. What kind of a cave you're hiding in. Why would you choose that? Of course, like, why? Why? Why? Why? That's a bad comparison, because you're born black. When you're born, whatever it had you are, too, they know that. There's no question about it. Sign your genes, baby. It's an image, just open up that fly. Huh? And they're pops right out. It's in your genes. Usually when I say that, they run. The public is evenly divided, other gaze-masmins-contains-de-sexual orientation. And white evangelicals are the most likely to think homosexuals can change their ways. Again, what a surprise what a shot. But they can't change theirs. Yeah, to where they can't become like a part of the human race. Oh, but the Bible says, and Jesus says, isn't a fascination in the eyes of the Lord? Yeah, blow it out to your ass. You silly. I'm trying to religious people are the dangerous people. Look all over the world, not in history. Just today, right now, this minute. We got that board again, buffalo over there in the London. They're all laughing around. They're running around protesting, screaming and carrying on. And in America, what we heard about Michael Jackson, I will try to this. The BBC has made a big, similar to about that story, too. The Michael Jackson story? Good. You know what? I'd like to make a big, similar about his time direct. I think next time I come back to town, he needs to be hung. Like Mussolini. And believe me, from what I'm hearing from the sales department and screw in, he definitely ain't hung. But he should be. What a piece of crap, man. Seriously, this guy is making money from all my phony agency stuff. He's got an all-commission from these accounts. And he must have naked pictures of these people because he doesn't do anything for him. Right? Man, we hate you, Todd. In fact, it's a, you're a close second to the moment, even Tommy would agree. Absolutely. Todd Drec is the anti-Christ junior. Hey, if you're underpaid and overworked, you like a new high-pank career, but you don't have four years to waste in college and maybe the money to go along with it that it takes. Here's the answer for it. It's not a big deal. It's just one simple phone call can change your life forever. Just call 1-866 Fast Train. And be sure to tell you the folks at Fast Train that Todd Drec turned you onto the whole deal. Fast Train can have you trained in certified for a brand new high-pank computer-never professional career. Or a high-paying medical computer specialist career, and as little as four months. That's right. You can be fully trained ready for a new career as the lowest four months. And by the way, Todd, your hundred dollar check for a band of pet rescue yesterday. Like I said, change is nothing. You're still a major asshole, and we hate you and wish you would die. Fast Train offers day evening weekend classes. Fast Train offers job placement assistant and even financially, the people who qualify. They've got six convenient floor to locations for right-in soft loaders, so there's about to be one nearby. You're so if you're tired, a work in for peanuts. If you're tired of moving your legs on the treadmill and your life is going nowhere, change your life. Get a job and a big paycheck that goes along with it. Check about in the web at Fast Train.com and then make that call. Get off your ass and stick your finger with it and make that call. 1-866 Fast Train. And I am lost. This is for 20 advice. You way, yeah. Baby, my old Jackson reveals the secret behind the pitch of his voice. And I'm crutch. And I'm crutch. And I'm crutch. And I'm crutch. And I'm crutch. I'm at a priest when I was never. He said he would say my soul. But we made a detour on the way to heaven. That into this bedroom we did take a stroll. But he was standing in his underwear. So he'd have been over and say a prayer. Right, though. Pulled up his road and went and thank you, man. I got my list of by the preacher man behind the rest of the room. The next day I fell like a sinner. And I showed up to get good union. But all my tongue that was in wait were. And if one said why to trip it up my chin. Workwork. Workwork. He was standing in his underwear. So he'd have been over and say a prayer. Pulled up his road and went and thank you, man. I got my list of by the preacher man behind the rest of the room. He was standing in his underwear. So he'd have been over and say a prayer. Pulled up his road and went and thank you, man. I got my list of by the preacher man behind the rest of the room. That Michael Jackson tour bid, which is several years old. It's one of our old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old. That has to be the best of all time. You know, I listen to that and the it's just brilliant. You know what I mean? I mean, Voka Bryant stuff a lot of it is brilliant. But that thing is just phenomenal. Is it just me? No, it's great. Doesn't it just blow you away? I'll speak in a blowing. The ceremony was held unusually in the forecourt of Buckingham Palace inside the Buckingham Palace. The court has security. The prison's Charlie will tell you what it is. Beyond it, there were some demonstrations that they were small and scattered. Some just alone voice of protest. And then thank the world's up, are you all shall know more? Opposition is expected to build. But so far, day one of the visits can be. The big stuff's going to be on Thursday. That's what I'm going to be doing. All hell's going to break loose. Here's the fact this is what chapter are you reading today? Love it. Well, and there's areas too. They like the, because I read this week two chapters from the Al Franken book. Lying liars and liars who tell them. And the one chapter was about an quarter of that skanky bitch. And I want you to know what yesterday was about Bill Oralea that line piece of Tired whose whole life is in the spin and dry zone. They're both great and funny. Yeah. But I'm telling you, the audience hates that. They don't like it. What do they know? I'm just saying it like those seven months. Just ask Tommy. He'll tell you he hated those seven months. Why didn't take any phone calls? He's one of those people likes the calls. If he's having to be listening in between doing all the great spots. That ain't true. Huh? That's not true. Hates that. McGill hated it. Dough hated it. Clarence despised it. Guilty. Didn't tell me that to my face because naturally, No, they don't have the balls to say anything to my face. Being a hacha that I am. You know why Clarence hated it? He said we'd no stories about. That's the deal right there. If it's not about points, those guys don't want to know from it. And Moth, I mean, she'd already give a crap on where they're about points. But because the station is supposed to be a... Spongebob station, therefore, he's got to pretend that she cares, which is why she shows up at the dolphin games and a marling game. She's got to be real. Spongebob. Docs nipper. What's she like to that part? But that's the deal. We'll fight out today. The fact, let's do it. Don't answer the phone time. We'll do a screenless real quickie. Okay. You got it. And we'll fight. Oh, they always like the toughest assignments, you know? Yeah. I don't even know why we answered the phones on his show. What might even bother any more? Damn good question. Why do you answer the phone? It's like me being here. Why don't we even answer the phone? It's almost always somebody had a lot to talk to. God. Hey, is he? You're a good guy. Is he? I hope you're a thing. Heels up. Don't call me up here anymore. Okay. Just leave me alone. And the same for PD. Let me don't be calling here. I mean, people that have no business even have the phone number. Okay. So they still won't leave you to hell alone. Okay. So then we'll take our quick survey before we go on. Yes. And I'm not exaggerating. This is the fifth time that we've gotten the five page George Bush resume from the same asshole. Oh, stop sending us to George Bush resumes. Hold on. We already had it in the first place. Anyway, we already know about it. It's not that we don't want it. We get it every day. Stop going. Don't want it. You idiot. You smuck you in your. Well, as soon as it starts coming, just press the S. Stop and cancel for you. Yeah, I've been. God. What kind of crap is that anyway? You're dimmer with us. Okay. We don't want it. It's not funny. Oh, look at this. Here's a guy with a beard made up in drag. George, he at Prince Williams 21st. Now the home secretary has announced this to be review of pilot security. Well, that was the guy had to crash the Prince wheels of the birthday. Remember that? The guy would he has to leave the lovely pink outfit. So we'll do like a quick screen listing on the reading those chapters. They all fracking. WQIM. I guess they'll pay for you to check 14 year olds. Get the round. Now I'm chasing 14 year olds. Kids around, remember Joe. WQIM. Okay. Good. This was a good idea. Want it? WQIM. Hello. Booga. Booga. Luzer. Luzer. Here's a candle when I was already on hold. Hello. Hello, Leo. How are you doing, sir? Hey, okay. About these same sex marriages. Yeah. You know, I don't know. I mean, okay. Now we know it's the American public knows that everything right? But you're going to get your company. No, it's one. Well, we know that. Let's say a little more than half is opposed to the, you know, to the other side, which is, yeah. You're going to say the 5545 deal. Yeah. But what about the gaze? What does they, you know, how do they feel about the gaze? Like, I don't know. Like, do both the gay men want to marry, but the gay men. How do they feel? Yeah. With their hands. 560560. We're going to tremendous response on. I see. I totally. I'm going to say that. What about the, it's so we voted them. They don't want to hear me are reading those books. What? You think they do? You like it? I love it. I like it. I don't like it. I don't like it. They like it. They like it. They don't like it. They want to hear all these great calls like these last year for we had so far. How many QAM? Yeah. You're the root cancer. I was on cocktail in the afternoon now. Yeah. Who cares? Yeah. I don't know. I just thought you wanted to know. Do you want to know why the things in a raccoon. I mean, I don't know the head chartoes over there's name is Lieutenant General Ricardo Sanchez. Did you know that? He's squatting on it. Were you aware of that? He went away. I'm not talking to him. You went away because I've punched the button. I'm talking to you. Not him. I thought you think I want to talk to him. Anybody calls me about Rick Sanchez in the middle of a very important survey that I'm doing here. You think I want to talk to this booze of booze? So Rick Sanchez is a general? Yes. General painted in the ass. WQAM. Hey, I like how to pronounce this. Speaking. Neil? Yes, sir. How come it doesn't sound like Neil? That's amazing. I don't know why it's me and believe me. I'm looking at it and it's mine. Trust me. Nobody else would want it. Neil, have you actually finished the Alpharctin book? No. You still read me. I'm still a progress. Have you gotten to the supply side Jesus? Yeah. That's awesome. It's a cartoon near the back. It's fantastic. I think you're reading great. I'm a singer. He's a humorist. It's a lightning. It's awesome. Okay. I'm Marky down at you and me. Enjoy your agenda. Thank you, Kelly. Have a great day. See, there's three of us we like it. But the general audience. That's not what they tuned in the world famous Neil Rogers show for. They want to hear a bunch of assholes on the phone and believe me. We're not going to let him down today. Are we? No. No chance. No way Jose. Anyway, Brittany says I'm a fine role model. Let's go to be our second pool. Once we get off that fag stuff. Brittany Spears and Sushi's role model for young girls. Despite her revealing outfits and her new album would sexually expose the lyrics. The BBC said a couple of days ago and I got to write my hand now in the story too. And a picture of Brittany showing her big, back to him. Not anywhere, log jail. But she's got an ample ass. Mm-hmm. And she's got a big smile on her post. It's a general ass. She thinks she's a role model. So we'll find out if you people out there have daughters or if you had a daughter. Who you think would be a good role model for them. You think it might be Brittany? No. No. Why not? She oughta be a good role model. She brings her home a lot of cash. You okay? So could a lot of people. Dalaraholer. Who do you keep weigh in? Okay. Hold on. Ah! Who do you keep weigh in, though? Let's talk about the bullfighting. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Wow. Who do you keep weigh in? Yes, the idea. I'm doing pretty good. I personally found those eight months when you did the all the stories. Seven months. I've heard you do. Really? I'm going to ask you this. Let me ask you this question. How old are you? 50. Say that's a problem. You're all fart like me. Well, yeah. But you know what? As far as I'm concerned, this is a pivotal time in the history of our country. Yeah. Don't get too carried away. I'm not going to change nothing. You're all. We'll say this. The floor election. I think in 2004 is going to be the pivotal deal again. Exactly. And you have a voice that we don't have. And you can get out there and you can you can tell us what's going on. Okay. You know, I have a full time job. I don't have time to scour and read all these articles. And when you were reading them, it's awesome. The fact that you're reading a Michael Mall book is fantastic. And I enjoy it every day. And I listen every single day. Thank God for us, pal. Thank God for us with a brain larger than our little small toe. There's a few of us. You have a great day. Thank you. So today you're going to have to get one of those in between all the other 40 or 50. You're a gay. You're a pervert. Yeah. All this other stuff. You know. From an exam for 11 and 5 60, WCM, Don't try to like use me or any other bag out there to cover up the Michael Jackson business. Don't try to play that game. Okay. Because the fact that a matter is that we're talking serious here between Michael and the priest. Same old crap. Dylan around eight and ten and 12 year old boys. And the answer is unacceptable. Unacceptable. Michael, I'm going to be. Well, his supporters claim there were so many friends and staff at the ranch any in Propriced he would be noticed. The singer used a TV address to proclaim his innocence. These statements about me are totally fast. No. Today the Lisa expected to give more details about this latest investigation. The singers promised them his full cooperation. Don't you love the BBC? I mean, I suppose that I'm not even watching the CNN normal. Because if anything happens, the world BBC have our right away. We won't miss anything. But at least at least though, when there's a story they like. No matter what it is, as opposed to like, I don't want to hear about Scott Lacey Peterson. No, no, no, no, no. He does it in fry as asked. That's all. I don't you think he done it Tommy? Yes. I think so. George, so that's it. You're convicted by a jury if you're queer peers. And that's it. You're done. Scott, fry as asked. See how simple that was? Didn't cost the taxpayers a dime. 1113 at five sixty W.M. Survey. You like the reading. You like that Al Franken book. And colder. Phil Orale. What do you say? What say you folks out there? How you got anything to say? No. We know that. Give it a ball. Give it a ball. If you're looking to replace that terrible carpeting in your home. Let me tell you about a great idea called Laminance R Us. They're the easy little maintenance alternative to natural work flooring, which looks great but cost you a damn armoured leg. Laminance or Us is the best place to find lemonade. We're flooring from the top names in the universe like Pirodor, Purgle. Wilson Art Uniform and Quich step two. Laminance or Us flooring is installed by Purgle certified installers too. Here's another reason to call Laminance or Us their prices will for you. Right now you can get their falls special for just fourteen hundred ninety five bucks. Just fourteen ninety five gets you up to two hundred ninety five square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring, which is positively. It is. And Laminance or Us guarantees you they'll match any legitimate written offer to. If you want to pre-in homestimate no obligation to do the smart thing, call Laminance or Us toll free. At one eight seven seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six nothing could be easy. They give you free carpet disposal free furniture moving at twenty five year warranty. And years and years of beautiful easy to care for alignment wood flooring. Call him today and tell me Cranky Old the alternative call Laminance or Us toll free one eight seven seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six. Laminate local. We're sports radio five sixty two eight two eight. The break. We've got Mary down under. If they make hot muggies love, I can help but what is talking about where to go. Jack. Michael Michael got well. Making love to Debbie. With a lot in their bed. Debbie is busy. Checked with the seat from Michael's line. When the baby pops right out he'll have a drop. And on his growing past because we're going to check. Michael Michael Michael has sex. Debbie's six. She'll be his wife just keep right from those checks. He might have to write it while I guess he didn't write the real big one. Is that the problem with this 12-year-old kid? Well, there's still a work in that out there's still negotiating. They did write a cops it out there right now. They're going to use it like a as a a lever. Right, these people say they won't be bought off. Is that what they're saying? But they Oh, it didn't It wasn't a guy Dennis. The other kids has a fund he wasn't going to be bought off either. But then when he saw all of them zeros on, there he said. Oh, well now we're talking business. Okay, what do we got on this first survey which we can you snitch into it and it here pretty soon. here pretty soon 283 votes. What's your take on game marriages? Absolutely. Everyone should have equal rights 123, 43.4%. Why should I care? 71.25%. So you put those two together got like 60, almost 69. Oh. Civil unions are okay, but not marriage 39. I think what they're trying to say to her just marriage sucks and I'm sure you can probably. And the marriage is not a civil union, by the way. Now it's unsoul as a get no question. No way God didn't create Adam and Steve 29. 10% of the audience says God didn't create the Lord didn't create Adam and Steve. It was Adam and Jack. And only remember to the priesthood 21 out of 283 votes. So that's, uh, early. I don't know. What would you call it? Pinos. Anyway, here's the, yeah, it's done. I want to get to the second pool. Britney says I'm a fine role model despite all her nudity and her revealing outfits and her new album would sexually sposalars. He said all the girls ought to be just like me. She's fine. Hot and rich. In a way, I'm in a view to be brought to chance to 21 year old pop star said parents should not be worried if their children want to copy her. They like to be just like Britney. I'll be honest with this picture here. Her post they'll look all that good. She's got bad angles. Does that it? That ankles? We can't see your ankles, but you can't see your hands. So that's to high bad ankles. I probably have more older fans than the young ones. He said, yeah, probably like a 70 year old guy sitting there. You know, look at it. This picture just go on crazy. Come on. I'm a little afraid of fans in a younger ones, but I think the reason why everyone talks about the younger fans so much is because the parents are concerned and in the end, in the end, you can't say that sweetheart. In the end, they shouldn't be concerned because they should trust their kids. Spears say something about spearing in the end. Five minutes. I think the five minute major in a game is conduct. She also defended recent magazine photos of her saying, I just recently done some covers that are a little bit explicit in sexy. A lot of people do think this is very over explicit, but that's our opinion. And some people think it's under explicit. Right. Some people want you to bear it all sweet. Heart like right now. Spears who kissed Madonna at the MTV video music awards also talked about her relationship with a singer. She's like my godmother in a way. I don't listen that many people. I'm very stubborn person when something tells me not to do something. I do it. That's just my rebellious nature. She said that's why she stuck her tongue deep down her down the road. Even after Christina Agalera had hers in there in her tongue too. Exactly. And after Dennis Robin had something else. You can you can ponder on that for a while. Okay. Oh, not all the listring in the world could be. Even forget about Listerine. How about Mr. Clean. Even I wouldn't do it. Here's our second poll of the day, which I think is kind of interesting. Tomorrow we'll do the guys. So to speak. I say we'll do the guys and I'll just listen. Okay. Poll. See, I would put on playboy TV, but we got so unlucky at the time. And I don't want to. It's like practice on your finger. Oh, see? No, no, no, no, no. That was okay. Wasn't that fine? Don't destroy your logic on here. Like she wants to swirl or tongue around the head. Okay. Yeah, you do. Does it? No, she didn't say easy. Does it? Oh, no. Heavy hair. He do these. What she's doing. She's twirling that thing around in a finger too. Anyway, what famous living person would you like to think is a role model for your daughter? If you had one, other words, if you have daughters fine, but even if you don't have one, that don't exclude you. Just pretend that your daughter was Brittany. She was about 25. And she anyway. Here's our list so far. Brittany Spears. Obviously, we got to put her on here because she says she's a fine role model. That's what she says. Oprah. I don't think most people want their daughter to look like Oprah, but they like them to be robinier, right? Sure. And very famous and admired. And unmarried. That fat and fat and disgusting and neurotic. Maria Schreiber, she's the wife of the governor of California. Hillary Clinton, homologize Hillary Clinton, the ice princess. We won't matter. There'd be frigid. Georgia's choice was Jocelyn Elders, the former Russ, secretary of HHS, S. W. Whatever to hell that is these days. Who had a design because the right wing has got all bad on the shape just because she said that masturbation wasn't so bad and talked about condoms and stuff like that and talking honestly to kids about sex and is it? Oh, no, you can't do that. All the right wing is had a nervous breakdown about poor Jocelyn and columnist Marine Dowd, who of course puts a lot of tough words in her stories just to screw me up, but we love Marine Dowd. We are proud of Miss Doud. Else or wrote on their Natalie Mains and Susan's random just because Susan's well, don't put too many on here because you'll steal the audience's thunder. Susan's commanded in Adley who? Mains. The Dixie chick. Oh, I don't know their names. The Dixie chick. She's the one with the mouth. Is she the Mains one? That's right. Okay. Natalie Mains. She got that. Susan's her random. That's all right. She's still got it. Dixie chick. We're going to show them a thing or two. Okay. Dixie chick. We're going to take off all their music and not sell them. Records in the store and MCDs and stuff and then we're going to show them a thing or two. Not going to our president. Yeah. Not in our president who just he just left London. He's back up in the tree and entry now. Planned us from an evangel. Oh, you talk about the usual deer in the headlights. Look, he's got the all brother. The stuff that they've been showing here. He talk about a fish out of water. Wow. He doesn't know whether the strut or put on his goolashes or his fedora or his killed for that matter. Wouldn't have a great if. Oh, don't say it. No, not. Oh, right your mind. Just let it go. Now walk away. Here's a couple of facts. As one says, you might be surprised that a lot of people love when you read those article. I'm surprised. I am. I can't believe it. I'm at work. Two jobs don't have time to be. Keep up the good work. Thanks. And what is that name? Javan, Javan. Yaman, Javan. Oh, it's no, it is. It's a Jamaican because it's just at the bottom. Yeah. But I say that. So it's Javan, the Jamaican. Yaman, thank you. Also to another one, which you are, you're just going to send me all the facts that the same person sends just to keep looking my ass. Only if they promote the reading. Oh, it's just, oh, I see. So in other words, this is going to be a skewed, a helper scouted skewed poll. Hey, you, Neil. Keep talking. Don't retire as what it said. I like to return to this week. I'm tired of it. I'm not actually a feel pretty good because I'm here and I'm out there. The week that I was there. Well, I picked it right week. I guess with all the crap going on, you know how to do it. I sure know how to pick a man. My timing has been impeccable. I come down here and for all gets canned and all this other crap is going down. Oh, brother, what a loony tomb placed that one. And then, of course, sitting there for a week would add other Scott. Wow. The audience, there's no way we could explain it. Unless you've encountered sometimes somewhere in your life a creature of that nature of that origin. You just, we just can't explain it to you. One of those people, you say, where are they hiding the ship? We don't Clark can't hide it in the basement. Where are they hiding the ship? And where did they get off it? And when did they go back? Man, Scott's junior. He was, he made Bina Boy seem like Emily Post. Hope refined. Oh, she was like, she was like, she was like, yeah, she also was on a cereal box. 26 past 11 at 5, 60 WQM. So what do you think? I think we'll get some of the names on ed list. Don't you? No. And don't answer the phone, Tommy. We're doing screenless. Now's Miguel. Come and back. Or is he just walked out? He threatened to come back. As soon as pods done with him. As soon as Todd's done doing him. Hey, Todd. I know about the other stuff. I had no about that. I didn't know Todd was into those things. Todd did say he liked our polo. Hey, imagine this. Beg an Todd Dreck. Zero closing cost our new next mortgage. Zero application fee. Zero credit bureau fee. Zero discounted points. It's the last mortgage you will ever need. The revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group now has an interest rate. Amazingly astonishingly breathtaking the low of just 1.95%. That means if you have a $200,000 loan, your payments are a mere $738.00. Once you be finance or get new home mortgage from financial group, I guarantee you'll never pay closing cost again. You want to find out more about it? Call 1-800-940-LAND. Grab yourself real financing power. Grab it. With the low rate mortgage you can move your next property without further cost or expense. Only one mortgage from financial group is what we're talking about. For details, it's 1-800-940-LAND. It's a whole new way to buy. Zero underwriting fee. Zero dock fee. Zero prepayment penalty. Zero closing costs even when you move to another property. How can you beat that? So get financing at just 1.95% call 1-800-940-LAND and never ever never pay closing cost again. Call 1-800-940-LAND either an equal housing lender. Restrictions apply rates. Subture the change monthly 5.19 to. Now with days it's different, especially when I dance in the room while there's a fun move around too much. Free the days just not fall off when pay off back. I'm back. Still moved to the crew. You know, oh yeah, I'm back. I'm back. I was paying to my lower back. You know I'm back. I'm back. You're the king of politics. I'm gonna pay up over if I get to my back. I'm a free dog face. I'm back. I'm 32 at 5.60. WCM. I got the mad dog at 2 at a hump or at 4. And you got your panthers preview with 7 o'clock. Not because the panthers are home against the New York Islanders. New York. The Islanders not who are not that bad this year. They're okay. At 730 and then 80K after the hockey game during Marko Rennite. And of course my close personal friend. That's a good guilty in a morning. Let's see. Laura Listener, facts. As in says tonight at 9 o'clock on the Sundance channel. A documentary about the 2000 presidential theft will be on. I found this to be as chilling in documentaries I've ever seen. While I didn't see the CBC broadcast I heard it on your show and feel a bit of the same quality. Please urge as many people as you can to see this tape it and pass it on. Hey see it tape it and pass it on. Good. Listen that. Why? Glad you mentioned that fact that tape that you played. Yeah. Twice. Unstriped in comments on that from people. Pause it. Are you really? Yeah. I'll see I thought they hated that. Well. I don't know. It's hard to read this crowd. I just think that one for L. G. K. And I Wednesday the Q. M. Just that was the end of us. We're finished. They're not hard to read. Remember? Whatever. I suggest a lot of it is because so few people get the Sundance. And everybody needs to see it. I sure is held on. I don't think I get no Sundance. I mean what that is. I don't think it's one of the movie channels. Actually it's. I don't know. It's the Sundance in my pan. Probably you. We get it. We get it. What do you mean you probably do? Because it's a movie channel that you get most of the movie channels like HBO shows on. No sort of no we don't. No I don't. I got other a whole bunch of other movie. Do not channel like Bravo. Sundance is like the independent. Yeah. Do get Bravo. Similar. What is that? Good. I have see. I get the independent film channel. You want to hear it. They say a lot of words on it. Maybe let's pop it up here. See what they say. Sundance is. What is it? Can you believe that? Looks like it's off the air or something. Is that possible? What the hell just happened to my thing here? Uh-oh. I just punched up 147. I think my cable one. I don't think the whole operation here just died. Look at that. It just froze up on me. Do you think it's a communist plot? It just died. Oh no. I TV just froze up and the whole thing just the whole mechanism here. Just the oh I'm saying. That's not a good moment. Anyways, I'll find out if I have the Sundance and Sandler or not. That might be the beginning of a communist plot. You think so? Yeah. I'm reading the end of the world even. Okay. Let's make Ken and Suthera pull here. Eric. We have 300 and what? 346. And I see that the Alunis out there got to a right be it. It's a good thing we're getting the software. What's your take on game marriage? Absolutely. Everybody should have equal rights 147. 42 and a person. Why should I care 88? 25 and a person. Put those two together. They got about 68%. Civil unions are okay, but not marriage, Mr. 45. No marriages. No way God didn't create Adam and Steve 38 and only remembers it a priesthood. Oh 28. I'll 353. They're pouring in now. God didn't create Adam and Steve. Okay. Adam and Steve he created a man in a woman which of course is why we bought all our women to like bend over a duggy style and back to him. Yeah. Okay. See that argument. I think went off the old window. You know what I mean? Once all you guys start getting obsessed with that anal crap. I never argued the point. And there's nothing worse than anal crap. Mark says about a thank you for your reading list. I'm thoroughly enjoying Frankins book. I'm lies and lies. I tell them the chapter on bitch slapping Goldberg. That's not Hank. That's Bernard Goldberg on his book and lack of facts. I hope you keep reading episodes from it each day. I'm a little ahead of where you are. So it's fun to go over again. Every Democrat in government should be required to read this book. The way they can go into the talking and shows armed. It's time to go after the lying right wing. My next book to read is hey dude. That's not he dude. It's a dude. Dude wears my country. And that's the what is it? The book on the house is south and how we protect them. It says Oprah had her book club. Why can't you have yours? They're not even as fat as she is. It says Mark. No, I'm not as fat and not as rich and nobody. Oh listen to the show no more. Hector says this is cute. On the subject of game marriage is a friend of mine's a divorce attorney. He's thrilled about Gaze getting married. Not because of my friend being open minded but he can't wait for the divorce procedure to start. Good point. It'd be a cottage industry as they say at the old cottage in cottage country. Anyway, getting back to the store started a half an hour ago. Yeah. WDQ I am. Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm going to get something to read now. Our friend can look. I've already read it. Right. You get to this part about this about five moves and bridges. Right. You know they try to try to try this well in the entire guy. Every time you bring up the subject that Clinton had a chance to get the lives and then do it. This guy named Mark and Reeves. We're about calling them on a fair date for it. When you get to the chat through the book about that Reeves, the interesting audience about this guy, this guy is so full of crap that he wouldn't believe it. How do you think? It's probably a food-of-day government. And this Reeves, I just want to bring that little sense because I really don't have that much of a period but I want to get to that sense because my manager reached out that's the same. Okay. Okay. You can let your listeners know about this guy that brought the news right to parade out there after a four-and-a-fair effort and he's the one that's saying Clinton had a chance. And that one he would try to broke up there between the food-of-day government and Clinton to bring in the lives. It's the whole bunch of hogwashmen. So you know what I'm saying? It foxes unfair in our balance story. Listen, fuck this terrible man. Reeves, if you can read that path to see your world, you're listed, man. I'll only look for it during the breakout look for maybe I'll do it today. This is a thought you thought about well, Ricky. Okay. All right. Thanks, Pally. Have a great day. Evangelicals are far more likely to stay homosexuals can change, Catholics and mainland Protestants fall in the middle and more secular people are more likely to say they cannot change, so it's got key to a poster with few research center for the people in the press, the people in the press. The survey reinforced the finding that religious attitude sharply effect feelings on gaze and gay behavior. Those with a high level religious commitment to post-game marriage, 80-12 percent. The pull found that opposition to game urge has grown since mid-Summer, with 32 percent in favor in 59 percent opposing, in July 53 percent said they oppose. But now 59, corner this. Political attitude sharply affected beliefs about game marriage. What a surprise. Are you shocked? No. Four and five of those who say they would vote to be like President Bush opposed game urge, while those who prefer that a Democrat when a presidency are evenly split, 50. Younger and I see here's what I don't understand about young people, 18 to 30 really uncomperitimate. I mean, 60 percent are Bush-Lickers, okay? They're the biggest demographic of people who support Bush, great watch. But on the issues, they don't agree. See if they make any sense to me. Younger adults were far more likely to say they favor game marriage and those between ages 20 and 30 about evenly split on favoring or opposing it. Opposition grew steadily as people age increased. Among those who waited here this, among those in the 60s and 70s, opponents on number supporters were more than 4 to 1. The old foeies man set in their ways. Oh no, we can't have them faggotes getting married to doctor and children, stuff like that. We're going to go to Hell and I had basket. That's hand basket rhymes with casket. You'll be seeing one soon. Americans with college degrees were closely divided on a question of game marriage, 49 percent of post-44 percent in favor. In other words, younger and more educated people say a lot of how not. And older and stuff here and more right wing people say, ah, no, the Bible says this and you're on the right male. Is what they say? Which like what they say? Can't like for real. You're on the right male, baby. Let's bring them back for a couple of weeks. Oh, go get it. The survey. No, what we need him because we're a tourist man. I'm Tony. We got some real problems here and I don't think that the powers that be are aware of it. They're still basking in the glory of that Marlins month that October that phony month, you know? Oh, the sports shows man sports talk is where it's said. I don't think so. I don't think so. It's pretty damn boring. The survey found a public is moved to a widespread opposition against discrimination generally against homosexuals despite the opposition to gay marriage. Now here's another good one. I love this and I feel so guilty now. Now you and I you understand I've ever done anything. I just think about it. I say most Americans 55 percent see they feel that homosexuality is a sin. While 33 percent disagree 55 percent of America, which is why America continues being in the Stone Age far far behind the rest of the civilized supposedly civilized and educated world. 55 percent it's a sin 33 percent say nay. What would you get if you ask those Americans about lesbianism? Or they like it. Right. Where can they see it? At nine and ten highly common. Oh, here you go. Nine and ten highly committed. They should be committed. White evangelicals underly three quarters of black Protestants say homosexual behaviors are sin. Oh, the Lord done it. The Lord done it. He saved me for myself. How do you like that? I mean America you just look at what it's made up of man. I don't want to use the word more on but there's you're a lot of running on the loose. Okay, we have that other pull up there now. I say Brittany if I had a daughter. I like to have her just like Brittany. Hey, we only want to step you don't bring Justin home. Right. Can you imagine all how lucky you are? You can't be confused. You got to take the good with the bad. I see. Well, how about a few of your daughter brought somebody home. It looks like Tim just in Tinkerbell. No, thank you. Yeah. You sure you're positive? How about if he had all that money? Okay. You go girl. 18 till no at least if he's here to be spread it around a little bit. Okay. In fact, it looks just it looks like somebody spread it all around right on his push. 18 till noon at Q.I.m. We got that big one to two hour come up. It's Wednesday. I don't know. I feel pretty good today. I don't know what it is. If you like that. Hi, is that what it is? Sure. As it Wednesday, it's hump day. I don't know. There's something in the year. Plus I'm not breathing that real humid stale air of South Florida, no, Mo. And I'm not smelling that back draught from Mo's hands. Welcome. If you're looking for a fund original gift for somebody's birthday anniversary for the holidays. Make somebody's day by setting them a Vermont teddy bear. Just call 1 800 829 bear in a friendly bear. Council will help you choose from a 100 hand-crafted bear. Deliver with a card and chocolate and a colorful gift box. You can shop online too if Vermont teddy bear.com. So a lot more personal and fun than those flowers which I know time at all and believe me your teddy bear will be enjoyed forever. You won't believe the reaction you'll get choose from bears like a birthday soup bear. The Thanksgiving turkey bear or babies first Christmas bear. They got bears for just about every occasion. All of the bears are handmade in Vermont and guaranteed for life. The quality is positively undelightable. It is. Over 9 Saturday deliver guaranteed too. So call Vermont teddy bear toll free at 1 800 829 bear or shop online for motetibird.com. 1 800 829 B-E-A-R and tell them that ancient Neil told you to call Vermont teddy bear. Anyway, here's the fact that says the sunman's channel is Robert Redford channel which primarily shows movies that have been shown at the sunman's film festival. It's usually only available from your cable satellite TV provider as part of their ultra platinum titanium coated jewel encroasted total viewing package for 600 a month. Thank you very much. Maybe I do get it here. I don't know if you'd like to have a lot of fun. You think you'll be pleased to know that I had an unplugged plug. Did you hear? Did it do anything on here? Oh yeah, no easy and... Go seriously. No. Oh well that's because I don't have the pot open for the TV. More only will life change on the ground. See? The knock had it open. So everything's back. Thank you. That's for that. Because if the world comes to learn we want to be able to report it first right here on a show. Okay. What famous living person would you like to think is a role model for your daughter if you had one when maybe you do maybe you don't but just for fun. 46 votes. Here we're going to Clinton 15. Susan sir. I'm not saying anything. A Susan sir and in seven. Jocelyn elder six. Oprah six. Marine dot five. Brittany Spears got four. What's wrong with that? What's wrong with having a daughter? Just like Brittany. Bringing home the bacon. Maria Schreiber. Bringing home that hot meat. Maria Schreiber three and Natalie mains from the next season. She's got the big she had gotten none. Okay. That's Mr. Smartie pants. Huh? That's because she got fat. She got nothing. So far. WQA and hello. Good morning. Yes ma'am. We're really funny. You must be psychic. I was just thinking we haven't had one lady call her all day. Well here I am and it's good news. All right. Not only do I love your reading of the elf Franken book but it changed my life. Really? Yes. My husband has stopped watching Bill O'Reilly because of your reading. Oh wow. I feel like I accomplished something. It's the best he's ever had in my life. That's plough she bully Bill O'Reilly. Okay. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thanks. Good great news. Bye. How do you like that? She's doing good for something. She had a problem as we're here for ratings and money and not to accomplish anything but I don't know. I'm sorry. You say you're good. That was funny. That was funny stuff. What? The book the Al Franken book. Okay. Now what is the one he's talking about? Fox is something with what one is in? I attended White House correspondent dinner with and a new I Carl Roe, Richard Pro poll, puts in the entire Fox News team but that's not it. I'm looking at the various chapters near to try the our friend that called earlier. The chapter on Fox. That might be it. Chapter on page 58. Let me just take a look. What? Nothing. Well, no, I was holding about Rupert Murdoch and Roger Ailes and all of these other far-bisselner right wing assholes. But there might be a thing in here that he's talking about about the Indian guy. The Indian guy. That he had on his the guest talking about the for this chance guy. You would have owe Samayyama. Don't say what's done. If any program on a Fox lineup represents the network's credo fair and balance, it's got to be what has been called the highest rated show in television. Handedly and Holmes. He's got handy in big print and Holmes and little teeny tiny letters. Every everywhere he puts it in here, he's got handy with big letters and Holmes and little tiny letters. And for example, his chapter on handedly and Holmes, which is after the door, ready one. He says, he says, Holmes rhetoric. Every time he writes to Allen or Holmes, it's in little tiny Holmes rhetoric may not be far, but at least there's not much of it. And instead of the Indian show, Team Franken did little rudimentary content analysis. They counted how many words added he said and then they counted how many words Holmes said in tiny letters. Then we compared them. Handedly and huge letters, 286, Holmes and little tiny letters, 1261. So there you go. I haven't found the other thing yet. I don't want to do it on here. I'll do it while I'm playing all that bitstreet I wanted to. Our Dean leads Kerry, New Hampshire Democrat primary. Howard Dean extended his double digit lead over rival John Kerry among likely voters in New Hampshire's Democratic presidential primary, according to a poll that showed Wesley Clark losing ground. Oh, General, if he'd hang out more with a mainstream people instead of the old Jews of the delies, he might be getting a little more support, you know. Although probably our committee delies in New Hampshire. Dean, the former Vermont governor, was favored by 39 percent of Democrats and independence planning to vote in the January 27th, Kerry had the back in 2023, 3923, and the poll by Marist College's Institute for Pupyric opinion. The other candidates were in single digits 14 undecided, 14 percent, single digits. So when you're Hampshire's at the tourist race, 39 percent for Dean and 23 percent for the scary John Kerry. Oh, I love this story. Well, I don't love this story, but I may just I wonder, I wonder who wrote the book a love. Palmbeat, this is from the Sun Sentinel, no less, which we rarely even waste our time with us to fish wrappers in South Florida. Palmbeat's County woman faces 8 to 16 years in prison for having sex with a 13 year old boy. Are you familiar with this story? No. Now obviously, it's, you know, not kosher, having sex with a 13 year old boy, even a 12 year old boy is Michaels about to find out, but 8 to 16 years in prison. You think that might be just a little heavy duty? A little bit. A mother of three, well, how much what would you say? Six or seven? Okay. A mother of three plea guilty yesterday, and having sex with a 13 year old boy and supply alcohol to other teenagers, who regularly hung out at her house, wasted like worthwhile or husband, was it work? Oh, say for that. Amy Dwayne, 37 agreed to a plea deal. I believe her in the fate in the hands of Palm Beach County's circuit judge Jack Cook. She faces 8 to 16 and a half years in prison under state-sensing guidelines. Sheriff's detectives arrested Dwayne a data entry processor in elementary school and her friend Devory Far of a girl scout's registrar in May after both limited-manent having sexual contact with boys at Dwayne's home according to court records. Neighborhood Junior High and High School students told authorities that the two of them allowed them to drink and smoke at the Pinyan Drive House when Dwayne's husband a firefighter wasn't around. But wait, there's more. Yeah, what does that mean? Don't drink and smoke and we'll get to it just relax. Calm down. You're like her husband. You're holding that host to tight. Dwayne first told investigators that she and the victim were really good friends, but later Professor Laugh for the boy Dwayne maintained that she had sex with the victim. This is like a throwback. What was that brought in, uh, she had a little turtle. Mary Kate Laterno. There you go. She maintained she had sex with the victim once but the teenager indicated the sexual relationship might have started up when he was 12, according to BS reports or not, not Palm Beach County. The teenager told authorities they had sex at least three times. But who's counting? But only he was. The victims of other circumstances they had Dwayne and woman they had considered a good neighbor had an ongoing sexual relationship with her son. The family is still trying to heal from the damage done by Dwayne. The mother said, the son sent was not publishing the name of the mother preventive and find the victim made juvenile. The mother said she approved of the plea deal because her son didn't want to go to court and she didn't want him to go through the embarrassment of a trial. Dwayne didn't speak at any length that her court hearing as she pleaded guilty to a single kind of ludorless severe spattery and nine misdemeanors counts to a sale of alcohol to persons under 21 as part of her, by the way, the illegal drinking agent Ontario here is 19. I just mentioned that in passing. Okay. As part of the plea deal, Pronto, don't you think it's a little more realistic than 21? Yeah. As part of the plea deal, Pronto, do you think we should drop a second cut of ludorless abuse behavior? Bad, wait. She declined to talk as she left the court with her attorney. That's it. Well, there you go. It's got some more comments. The attorney said this and this one said that. But that's a story. I mean, obviously a grotesque unacceptable act, but eight to six demon and a half years now, if it comes to find out Michael Jackson is convicted of having sex with a 12 year old boy, how many years we should we give him? But third man. There it is. It sounds reasonable to me. 30 hundred? Okay. I'm for that. Okay. Let's get some names for this pull here and quit the dittling around because we only have one more hour before our big one to two hour, which is shocking to me. Who's running the board now? Tommy. Tommy. Still Tommy. Well, what Miguel to sleep the building? He just left? We don't know. He was supposed to go to a meeting for 45 minutes and come back to relieve me, but right? Maybe he went to relieve himself. There is no relief. Hillary Clinton's got 23. What famous living person would you like to think is a role model for your daughter if you had one. Hillary 23, Oprah 12, Susan Surrand in 11, Marine Dow 10, Joyce Lonelder's nine. Why do they call her Joyce Lone? I mean, I know that was a name. But it's not spell like that. Maria Schreiber's seven, Brittany's spirit's seven, and Adley Manters is finally got means. Whatever name is, Miss Manters. Adley Manters has got a pair. But they're getting kind of like heavy in the bloated. That's what I'm hearing. She's got a she got pregnant. Yeah. Both of them. Six. One. One. One. One of them. Dixie. Tix might have been an aflitten with Hicks to get her kicks on route. It's 156. Forty. I'm in the. I like the. Licks. Yeah. I. That's it. Shelley Bloom's fashion. Clothes. You'd meet your licks there guys because many have been doing a right for guys in South Florida for 40 years in that same location. 40 long, amazing years. But that's like all of some kind of a record. 26. 15 Northwest Fifth Avenue. And my me fashion district is where you're fine. Shelley Bloom's and it's Shelley Bloom's cold years. You'll find fine men's clothing, suits and sport code, slags, dress and sports shirt, size even shoes. If you want to be a snappy dresser, I'm like most of us a QAM. Here's the place you ought to be doing it. Ask to find people at Shelley Bloom's what the secret is to stay in business in town for the past 40 years and they'll tell you the three keys to their sixes are service selection and price. Simple as that. Georgia, our money suits the cell from 1395 bucks to 50 95. Self-release 795 bucks at Shelley Bloom's fashion. Clothes even offer a fantastic slice of Italian suits starting at just 225 bucks each. You'll say, accepique here. The slices fantastic. The service is great. Thousands and Zillions of suits and stock at all times and their alterations are unbeatable too. So if you really want to look snappy, you want to find great deals unbelievably low prices. This is the place like it's been for 40 years. Shelley Bloom's fashion clotheers, 2650, Northwest Northwest, 5200 Miami Fashion District, Open Money through Saturday, 930 and A.M. Till 6 p.m. Stop by and tell me that old meals since you buy Shelley Bloom's fashion clotheers. The life of local all of your sixes is five sixes. The ring is on your top. Oh, you ain't! This mark, Morgan, is the 12-to-one hour on QATM. Hi. This is Jasmine Elders and I'm mad. Mad at those right wing slums and bitches that first bill Clinton fired me. Just hold her to hell they think they are. All I was trying to do was deal with the reality of sex and teenagers. Maybe if Jesse Holmes had buffed the chip or a new gangridge had butted the call to Little Moore, there wouldn't be so uptight. The vlog and the dog never hurt anybody. And if people did a little more of it, we might say some lives. Helen Clinton just stayed home and spent the monkey. He'd even be in last hot water. Teaching kids about masturbation would be no big deal. We could even take some standard teaching tools and just twist them around a little bit like C-Dick Run. When you see Dick Run, get to the doctor because you picked up a bag and it's a crown shrikers. Folks, we got to get real about the realities of the world we live in. There are too many kids out there taking a baloney ride and parking their yacht and hair harbor. Now if we just teach them to stay home and paddle the pickle, pump the python, walk the door, wax the carator, tickle the taco, we don't all be better off. And that's all I have to say. Now I'm going home now and see if Mr. Elves wants to pop it in the toast and hail oyster and burn the gorilla. From 0 to a five 60 WCM it's our gigantic due to one hour and of course one or two we've had like a layout. Are we laying out? No, we're having fun. Anyway 101 votes. What famous living person we like to see is a role model for your daughter if you had a daughter? Hillary Clinton 26 students ran in 150 per 14 jessler and older 12 marine dad 11 maria shrivert 10, Britney Spears 9, Natalie mains four. We'll get some more names on here this hour. Just the fact we just put on her a San Rene O'Connor. Why not? She's got a kind of nice attitude. She don't mind what parents token time is looks up or dress. She's a bitch. It says I know you'd well I agree with that. It says you don't agree with her politics. Or can you please include San Rene O'Connor? Because okay she would be my choice based upon accomplishments not ideology. It says you know problem. We'll put that bitch on there. Visible nasty hateful bitch right wing sell out. 560 505 60 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless on speaking a right wing. Or to break her work. Anyway, let's look at these calls man. Where the hell is the screamous action here? WQAM hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. What's up buddy? How you doing? Pretty good. Hey Nicole Kidman. Nicole Kidman? Yeah. Any special reason? I just think that any more of the way the society is going she's a typical prototype woman. Okay. husband she's on her taking care of her kids. Also want to put a plug in for Joe Mark and the lad for the eight o'clock hour. Okay. Thanks. Alright. Tonight. Although being well on an pull after Joe blackmailed me and finally put him on it. Okay. There you go. Nicole Kidman. For you know kind of like mysteries. Nothing to have said. Even the sound like all that and Tuesday about a day. No. 560 505 60 pound 560 on a AT&T. Let's build this list. Let's go. Let's go. I know that date counties all out of business this week. There everybody's out of there. They're all hiding. That's why one of the reasons we're not getting the usual response. We get on our website. All the people in data like run and hiding. Maybe they're families to brown or stay in hotels. I wouldn't be surprised if most of the hotels. The motels in the Broward. The hotel. Yeah. No, sir. When you imagine that they're loaded. I would imagine. Because tons of people are like working in the Broward who ordinarily are working and living in day. They're just they got that out. And anticipation of government was what? A. F the FTA. A. Lots of visitors from out of town. You know, with the media that's covering it. Lots of people there to get their posts on TV and make a big song to dance. And they're all I'm not not going to because I happen to agree with them. But the fact that a matter is the way that they want to accomplish their ends and going to get the job done. Right. Right. And my main feelings are what those poor bastards who are in business trying to eat a living out of where to close down their shops and board up the windows and the van moose to Broward or Palm Beach where would have they went and hope that when they come back to fight everything still on one piece. That's not a way to live. You know? If you want to protest, go a throw a rotten tomatoes at the government. Do some go to Washington. Don't let come to my Emmy. We already got enough tourists, man. We survived Ali on. We survived the hang in chads. I've got that teethr. We survived the Joker royal. I mean for Kranala. We even survived in Mayor Pinka, Picania. Why do you want to do this to us, huh? So I feel for it and people. WQA and hello. You knew. Yes, sir. What would you have been that in Kran? Put that on your website with you in 14-year-old kid run now. Oh, well you've just got the Kran. Cut the baloney. WQA and hello. Yeah. Talk to you, Neil. Speaking. Yeah. Yes, sir. Have you seen that side part thing that's going on in history, Chavramau? The possibility of LVJ kill Kennedy. Yes. I don't know if you're mentioning it. It's been over the last couple of days and it really leads to the fact that we're not here controlling our own diffsiness in this country. That's for name sure, man. And I just want to bring it up and call it in case some people have a scene that is affected. We can't trust none of them. Well, there's a book on that. I forget what the name of the book was. It was really just not that long ago. I'll find out. Yeah, well, originally, and I learned to read the story because when you are working, you've got to try to catch the real dirt. Any place you can and I know I can turn to you in the years. Thank you. All right. Thanks, Todd. 560560, pound 560. You even remember the name of the book about LVJ. It was like a strange name. No. We'll figure it out. We'll put it on our website eventually. Get a lot of names of this list. No. WQAM. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, let me turn my radio down. I haven't talked to having a list to you all day. I just got in the car, but I wondered, can anybody brought up the other year in the kind of the conspiracy thing like I am? Why is it that Michael Jackson's house was invaded on the same day that Massachusetts brought up the gay marriage thing? Yeah, I'm sure took a, that did cross my mind. They were talking about that last night that if there was anything that could take George W. And all the protesters in England off the front pages of the newspapers and off the top of the newscast, this was it. These two stories. Well, what I'm thinking, Neil, is a lot of, I think mainstream America that probably has never medigated person or they don't realize they have. They associate Michael Jackson with the gay because he's a child in the last year. That's right. And, and, and, and there's so that's so far, you know, removed from each other's pathetic. And I think that's what they did it for to bring out the Michael Jackson thing to overshadow and get the public opinion against the gay man. I think, I think, outside of the priesthood, I don't know too many gay child molesters. I think you're right, everybody. How do you get that, Bill? And you, too. Good point. 560505060, yes, you, America. Oh, and of course, now that Democrats are going to have to deal with this and everybody's ringing their hands. Well, why don't I held not? Okay, quit beating around the bush. You're part of that expression. Let's get right down to it. What do you really think, okay? I mean, are you like, really 100% or you're like 50%. I mean, you know, what kind of are we? Well, that's a start. Oh, but, gee, this is the last thing we needed the odd yodian all over other bull crap, you know. You're a mine's bill. Imagine me, a bubble. Although, Bubba sure got elected 92 by a pretty good margin by a huge margin, right? Even though he said the first thing he was going to do was like, uh, give rid of that whole thing in a military, right, with the ban and gay smell. Turned that across the right wingers said not so fast, Bubba. That lasted for about three minutes. Sure. They said, well, not so fast. That's what we got. Don't act. Don't tell. Okay. Well, don't ask. Don't tell because we're watching in the back and we'll all like drag your ass out of a closet and, uh, you know, embarrassing disgrace you. And what's this stuff you send me about Bernard Goldberg? How does it look like it's readers in bias now? He's a new book he's added again. Yeah, burn and burn. He Goldberg's an asshole. 560. 560. Let's get some names for this poll for this poll. Let's get some names on it. Okay. Let's hop on it. You think? Okay. WQAM. Hello. Neil, have you? Yes, sir. Hey, I got a question about this same six marriage stuff. Uh, yeah. Honent rather. You know, I've been hearing this about months and months and months and months. People talking about how marriage is ordained as far back as history can find in religion for procreation. Well, if you put the religious argument into it and say that you came out things like marriages because it's against a certain religion. The first amendment to the Constitution state, the Congress shall make no law respect, the establishment of religion or the original. Well, I don't see respect religious nuts to say they're always going to use the religions or excuse for their bigotry and they're always done it. What the thing is Congress can't create any law respecting any, you know, if you're going to put religion into it, then it's a question of what religion there are three South there that think things same six marriage is fine. So if you're going to put religion in that law, you have to say any ordained religion has the right to choose for themselves whether they're going to sanctify a thing. I think what you're going to see is a real ugly thing now because now right off the bat as soon as Massachusetts wrote yesterday they're calling for this constitutional amendment which of course is going to take a two, two and a half years because it's got to be ratified by two thirds of the states and it's going to be really divisive and hateful and full of crap and all the usual old evil stuff and it'll be rattled back and forth again. It's really sad. Sure. When it was making it's went through all that waste all our tax dollars and waste all this time it could be used for much better legislation. It's going to go before the Supreme Court being struck down because I've heard of a cryover has me of a blow job get all over again about all that impeachment crap. Well, the government cannot create any law that is discriminatory against the person. Yeah, but wait, it's easy to say that but for example on abortion which are not doing their best to overturn Roe v. Wade we just got this partial birth abortion bill. It's the same thing in the court. Of course the courts step in sometimes and I want to go to the Supreme Court. God only knows what they're going to do because he's got it stacked with his right wing buddies up there which gave me a little bit. But I understand that but the whole question before the court's on abortion is not completely religious. It's not sure when actually sure. Absolutely it is. The last question I've heard is based on what things are more when you be in such a way. I'm not I'm not gay but I just I think this whole thing is much to do about nothing. It's wasting everyone's time to piss off a lot of people. It's a it's a red hearing man that red hair. I'd rather see my tax dollars be wasted on something else that can actually affect people. Well, they're doing a good job with that too, believe me. Anyway, you have great that. And you too. They're doing a great job of wasting our tax dollars over 100 billion. Puppin into a rack. They're pumping it. People die every day in the public are sitting back. We're like that. I'm serious man. It's just it's scary. Yeah. It's really scary. How many stupid brainwashed mindless people are out there just no interest in anything else outside of their own little narrow lives. And that's it. By the way, all you gave people up there. You want to get married. How about a plank? Come out up to Toronto. Come on up to Ottawa. You'll be right here. Come up to London, Ontario. Go to Detroit and hop on the old bridge or the Atonel and head over to Windsor and tidy old knot. You'll be sorry, by the way. Speaking of red hair easier, one of the best outthought of dining secrets best kept secrets is right in cross springs. The gold co-sifu grilled is celebrated there. One year anniversary. They got three and a half stars from the Sun Central Showtime dining review. They get 10 stars from George because when they brought food in a few weeks ago, he said it was so good. It was almost obscene. It's fantastic. The gold co-sifu grilled's got lots of great specialties that sound great and taste great including mango plum salmon. I'm impressed at my he may orange honey glazed sea bass and crab and shrimp stuffed trout. There's a great bar atmosphere at the restaurant with an extensive wine of martini list too. Vigigmatic martini's at Happy Arrow on the 5 and a half bucks before the 7pm every day, seven days a week. The gold co-sifu grilled your five-it-and-croll springs at 252 North University drive right inside the beautiful walk shopping center for reservations called 9-5-4-2-5-5 9-5-4-2-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-9-inside-or outside large parties and private functions welcome to. By the way the oldest fish on record captivity just turned 65. Well, original that? No. 65 years old. And old fish. Happy birthday to the old fish. Experience the best kept secret in lunch and dinner dining. It's the gold co-sifu grilled roll springs. 27-52 North University drive inside the amazing walk shopping center. The gold co-sifu grill where you always find great seafood and great prices too. Four years you've frosted swargers to bring you 100% pure food in our delicious games and jellies. Well turns out we lied. So that means we're introducing a brand new line of products just for those whining it cooking vastards who demand truth and advertising. It's our own new four-hour new products from Mother Schmuckers. Yes, they're sort of strawberry. That's some great and practically peach and just like you they're all a bunch of Mother Schmuckers. And so for all you who've got nothing better to do and and why jelly you can all eat this with a name like Mother Schmuckers. Peach God I'll be full. Process of a teen. Don't step on me again Mason. Process of a teen at 560 WCM 139 votes on this second poll today. If you had a daughter maybe do have a daughter who would you like to be a role model. However, Clinton 40, Oprah 19, students ran an 18, Jocelyn Elder 16, Marine Dodd-Britney Spears 13, 13 for Brittany. Re-estriber 11, Natalie Mainz has got 570 count of four and Nicole Kimma has got the big. Oh, man. Probably because she was murdered at Tom Cruise and they don't want to touch it. Can you blame? No. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. How many QAM? Yes sir. Tell us if you can help me. Speaking. Sounds like me. Hey, nobody. I love you so far the way. Okay. This is the deal. I've even had a quick cream donut. Yeah. Okay. Do you know that the fall of the donut to a kosher? In? Well, no, it's funny. The old day I went for one of the stories then. Well, let me ask you something. Why do we care about that? Well, I'll be present with food samples. I mean, what would you say to catch all the fame for that, right? Oh, that was my best. That was the best call of your right there. All I can say is, oh, hey. Crispy-cure and donuts are kosher with our tax dollars are subsidizing it. How do you like that? Then Dan Jews are ready to get in. Well, I want my doughnuts. Got dinner. Put on a penny and say, oh, this asshole probably works for Duncan donuts. You know, by the way, you're donuts suck, pal. Okay. You like crispy cream a lot. Well, that's okay. So get your coffee at Duncan donuts and then hop in a car. Why do you drink it? Just write on a road a few blocks and go to crispy cream and get some great donuts. That's some Duncan doughnuts coffee disorder. Duncan doughnuts blows. Okay. They're coffee. Maybe the greatest, but I don't drink coffee. Number one number two. I should be donuts anyway. No, you should not. That was a great call. Let's play. I told you if you go through about 3000. Sooner or later. WQAM. Hello. Hey, New How are you doing? I'm doing okay. Hey, listen. I'm still pissed about for real. Yeah. Is it? I love that show. I love that. It pissed off my Republican boss. Beyond the league, which made it a better. Well, what does Pearl have to do with politics? Nothing. Just well, my boss is real wright wing bush lickers. Whatever is fancy. You know, I see the family values. She's a little bit too risque to over the top of your boss. Yeah, he would mean he got this. If even her, we listen to her work. The whole stuff. I want to tell you something. Really bothers me. Maybe I'm maybe I'm reading something wrong with this. But I'm Thursday and Friday, unlike some of my colleagues, if I could use that term, I told exactly what happened. But they liked their not New the audience. Would most of our listeners who unhappy would what happened. And I told it exactly the way it was. And there are a lot of people didn't want to hear exactly the way it was. They wanted to hear me go on and say, oh, our management's out of their mind. The blah blah blah blah. And it just ripped grid read again. Well, I did rip him for what he deserved. And that was hiring a guy. What she knew what he does in the first place. And then firing him for doing what he knew he should have done. You see what I'm saying? It's a great deserve to be ripped for that. But in this other case, when somebody tells you, you know, the real world, what somebody says, hey, we're taking a lot of heat because of you. Like last year it was me. I was the one who was my turn with a condolence of business. And they tell you, look, you can't do this again. Or you're going to lose your job. We're going to fire your ass unless you're on more on. Let's see if some kind of a death wish. You say, okay, I don't need to do that. See what I'm saying? Yeah, stupid. I'm with an awesome show. Right. Exactly. That's right. It was awesome show. But the problem was you deal with a guy who just has a death wish. What if he went when it went like, such someone would call him back down? Was that an hope? No. No. No. No. The word is out of control. Well, he's not coming back. Not on this station. So he didn't buy a living. And let me say it again. He was not going to be fired. He was going to be suspended. And when the two guys, when Clarence and Duff called him up on that Wednesday, a week ago, and the guys who've been supporting him and saving his job for a couple of months, because he keeps going over the edge. And they call him up to try to tell me he's going to be suspended for two days. And why are you sticking up your arm? I'm a guy. You've miserable. Faggot, I'm all this other crap. Well, you think your guys going to keep his job doing that? I just got his photo of my arbitron rating. Guy, right to him and you. And then you. Now, my vote is in my vote doesn't count. What do you mean? There's a whole. Great. What do you mean? There's a whole. Okay. Well, it helps you. Yeah. But it's going to help. Great. It's a higher revenue for that time. So I can go have a higher rating. Right. You know, my guy is gone. Well, I can all take his hand. Yeah. We enjoyed working with him. He was a lot of funny. He was a hoody. He was getting big numbers in there, which obviously shows not October. But you have to have a certain sense of survival. You know what I mean in this world? You just can't go off and do whatever you want. And like eight in between eight and 10, I don't want to hear sport. I want to laugh. You know, which I can work for. I know. I think it's how we love you. Thanks a lot. All right. Go ahead and get married. Okay. I'm going to this week. Anybody out there in the street? Hey, come on up. You look pretty good. Let's get married. I mean, if we could, you know, dwell on that. I mean, what I just said, I have the feeling that there are a lot of people enormous numbers of guys out there who are really unhappy with what I said. There's the infrety. You know, something I'd say it again, because that's just exactly what happened. And for me to like go in the defendant, defendant, the defendant, you know what reminds me of back in the Randy Rhodes days. Yeah. Here's another person. If you defended her 95% of the 98% of the time, but if there's two percent of the time you said, what, no, I think she was wrong about this or or whatever it was. Oh, my God. I thought you were my friend. That whole, uh, I like remember those days. Sure, do. Nobody supported her more than I did at IOD. And yet I still wasn't good enough. Because if you don't support me 100% 100% of the time, then you're a piece of crap and you're a backstabbing phony. Well, that's full crap. And we had a good thing going here, but I was aware of the stuff that was going on behind the scenes and how long can it go on? And I told, here's the I'm the one guy. This is what really frost my ass. The one guy in this market who's got the balls and to talk about Jack Thompson by name on Friday, which I have no compulsion with doing, because there's nothing to prevent me from doing it. Why should anybody who's pulling all this crap behind the scenes, can get some kind of an exemption? I don't know. He's a public figure for years and years. Now he's been pulling this kind of a crap. And I told it exactly the way it was. And when somebody is on your ass and on the stations, ass and on your license, there are things that you have to do to survive. Because if we don't have any license, uh, there is no Scott for real showing her right now, only you'll ride your shoulder ain't no no show. Okay, there ain't nothing. So matter of staying in business, it's not, it's not rocket science. And if you're that much, uh, filled with, you're filled up with yourself and that got that kind of kind of gigantic ego, then there's a problem there. And a problem there obviously is following this guy from one place or another because he gets canned everywhere he goes because he cannot stop. He cannot stop going way over the line and like I said last week, he doesn't need to do that. He's off the wall. He's entertaining. He's funny. He's a unique. He's all of these things. He doesn't need to go there. But he can't stop. And to me, it's kind of like childish. You know, it would have been like if I came on here the next day after meeting like a year ago, November, when a year ago now. And would have started playing the un-experated condol season the next day. I mean, it had to be a crazy person. But what would be the point? There exactly. George, you're fired. Yeah, I've heard that before. Yeah, I know. That's what I'm most said, right? I'm usually moving. Yeah, and I'm going most so far, you ain't got anybody fired. You're just a waste of time. And Joe Rose says, stay down a lot of his studio. He does. And now he does. And now I see people think I'm making them that up. You know what? And as Joe doesn't want anything to do with it. He made it very, very clear. Crystal, clear. Okay, Mo, stay down a lot of there. He doesn't want to conserve with you. He don't want nothing to do with you. He can't stand your ass. So, I'll come in there pretending to suck around now. I have to have to in fact he went so far, Mo. Well, Neil, I've now realized I shouldn't own sooner with all George Stich. Joe Rose is the real ass hole around here. Yeah, he goes from one to the other trying to deflect because of the fact that everybody hates him. You know, so trying to like suck up to me, that didn't work either, Mo. You're still a piece of crap. The most I'm sure, the most unacceptable human being I've ever met in my life in or out of radio. I just never encountered anybody. So full of himself and full of cram. In addition to what you show a so-de-embooring man, it's just pondress. Unbeleivable, Mo. Anyway, let's see Rudy says it was great listening to how Bill or Riley, but one person is more obnoxious as Sean Hannity. Please read out for him as a chapter about Sean Hannity. Well, I will be next. Alan Holmes and teeny tiny letters. You really have to see the pages. It's so funny because he's got, Sean Hannity and Big Letters and Alan Holmes, a little teeny tiny. Alex says, I hope you read this in on the air. Want to comment what you've been talking about today. Want to know why people feel that responsibility correct the world who cares. If you have two guys who want to get married, it doesn't solve me, bother me or harm me in any way. The people should worry about their own lives, which I'm sure it's not that great. Since they can't control their lives, they've got to control ours. If guys want to marry each other and supposed to go to hell, then that's their problem. Maybe they're going to flame in hell if they're flaming. They're not taking me with them for what they do. I live my life the way I want in that speed. And God gave us God in quotes. Says, Alex, I'm going Alex, you're a little chronic for nice going. Yeah, when people start worrying about other people's sex lives, then you have to really wonder, yeah, what the hell is going on with them, you know? Who are they doing? 27 pass noon at 5 60 WQM if you've got a really meanial crappy job. And you've spent a lot of energy, but it's not worth it because your paycheck is like squat. Here's the answer for you. Make one simple call that could change your life forever. One, eight six six fast train, that's number to dial. Because fast train can have you train in certified for a real honest goodness. High pain computer network professional career or a high pain medical computer specialist career in the as little as four months just four months out of your life is all it takes to get on the road at real success. That's right, fast train offers day evening weekend classes, they offer job placement assistance and even financially to people qualify too. Fast train's got six convenient floor locations to over in Tampa, which quite frankly, who cares about that. But for in South Dakota, so there's bound to be one post by where you live convenient for you. So if you'd like to get out of your dead end, job, say goodbye to your boss, just kisses ask goodbye. Pick up that phone and call fast train right now. Get the training for a real skilled job and a big paycheck that goes along with it. Check them out of the web if you like first at fast train.com and then make that call and please don't forget tell me that the illustrious Todd Drek with a capital D told you to call Todd Drek. Fast train is one, eight six six fast train. Every good question doesn't get too late. It's not so very hard to do. Papa, Papa, hey, loves the game. This is a Bible. There's a Europe with a two way we do. Tell people you know the way. It's a Bible say, invite them to your house. Take their possessions away and then you burn it down. You can get somebody to believe that. If you say, if the Bible say it's true, so matter what you do, you can be a good hurry. The heart will always work if you think of the poison this makes. Oh, wait. Wait. Oh, wow. Oh, my God. Find the portion clean. And chew the doctor down. Everybody, play along with your okay. Beat the crap out of your kiss. You're going to kill the drum. Oh, hold a night days away from another big anniversary. Speaking of drinking a cool age, Jim Jones. And I know they tried it out. Some of these survivors from Jones, do you see that? Why are we commemorating that? Is there a special reason? Or we should remember it. Why is that? Because it was a bad thing. And this is what can happen to you. If you believe a preacher, In other words, if you believe a cult like any of the other religion, No, I don't see it. I've got sucked in years ago back in those boring days when I used to do shows with guests, on KAT and WS news. And wow, we have to be program kids from these cults because they get brainwashed and they take away their ability to think. And I remember asking in those days because they used to argue with all the priests and the rabbis and all the other goyum. You know, well, what's the difference? What constitutes a cult? And the answers were just shocking mind-boggling. Well, you know, something with a strong, you know, like a father figure. And I'd say, you mean like the Pope? Oh, yeah, like that. Oh, no. And taking people's ability to reason for themselves away from them. Oh, you mean like all the other means they so called you, Christian, all the, all the, all of these things. Every religion is a cult. Okay? It's just that some do a better job of it. And some are more accepted by the guy named mainstream media, who I don't have the balls to take them on. That's the problem. So all of this business about gay people and gay marriages and the straight people and slavery and all of this other crap. And women are like, see, when you're looking all over the religion's of the world and see the way that women are treated, without dare the so-called Western religionist point their finger at the Muslims to talk about the way that they treat women. Huh? Right? It's all the same crap. It's all the same cravatist a different way of doing it. That's all. Did you day of Christian tradition has a long rich history of subjugating women and making them 10th class citizens? All those Middle Eastern religions. All the same. Right. All of them lunatics, crazy people. And if you don't believe me, take, just take a look at the news. Just take our glance. And you're panicked. Air be day at her busy. Tim on each other. Well, here's another illegal settlement over here. And because we think that one of the terrorists might live in this block, let's just blow some houses up and maybe some of his relatives will die too. And that'll teach them a lesson. At least they won't be doing no one suicide on the bottom. Yeah. Of course we're doing the same thing now in Iraq. There's a good story on our website. There's a lot of good stories on our website. Nobody's going to do it anymore. That's okay. They're busy. That is a great story about that about how we're doing the same thing in Iraq now It's part of our desperation to try to find a way out. Just wholesale laying waste. Yeah. Lying waste. Well, so in other words, if a bunch of houses are turned to rubble and are happened to be some innocent bystands. It's a pain in the ass innocent bystanders and it's about a bunch of kids in there. Well, that's just the way it goes. It's more collateral damage. And we don't count them anyway. We make sure that there's nobody in those groves that were cluster bombing right now. Right. This and this cute. I want my daughter to grow up to be just like Richard Simmons. Oh, okay. Oh, man. Maybe a little bit more much of than that. He's a real asshole. By the way, if I mentioned that in a long time, I would have heard five six seven. Oh, look at this. Look at this. Oh, man. This is really something. This is more common. Okay. This is from a Google search. Coral Gables are turning jacktapped in the spot of letter, complaint of checking the renewal of clear channel lessons for classic rock station WBGG, 90 for a lottery. I'll dig 106 on the base of the station's carriage of Howard Stern's syndicated morning show. So you see it isn't just Scott for real. It isn't just this station. It's any station that wacky Jackie doesn't approve of. He's afforded himself as the moral sensor of what you people out there can hear on a radio and watch on. TV and see on video games. The other damn thing. Thompson provided no tape tapes or transcripts with the complaint, but a search that the FCC cannot disregard this informal objection on the basis of some alleged faded of a free transcript to audio recordings as these have been provided the FCC by the understand and support of past formal decency complaints about Howard Stern show only to be ignored totally by the FCC. This in itself is an abrogation of legal duties of the FCC. Don't you like to tone of that? Yeah. How dare you do this, y'all. Y'all. And what I thought there's more of this. There are another page coming out. It's coming out a lot more. So it's here at clicking back there already. So there you go. I think it's time that you people should all be behind the scenes rather than all the going on quietly, which is why it's a damn good thing that I expose the mole my steer a long time ago. Like last year for all a crap he was trying to pull or get in George fired, interfering with this show, stir in the pot to try to light it up for everybody. What a hell it was. Everybody on that show. The beast and what tells your name, Carolyn Carolyn. See, out of sight out of mind. Well, this is just a little bit more on this. More on. More on. Oh, look at this. This is a letter from. This is a response from the FCC attorneys, I guess. Concerns the caption application for the renewal of license has been for a lot of while by clear channel. For the reason said for it below the informal objections are denied and the application is granted. How do you like that? The informal objections led to the biggest broadcast and decent programming and violation of 18 yaddhj, including the Howard Stern show and the new Rogers show and argued that such broadcast. Now how do you like that? Then he arrived your show is non big radio. WBGG. Hmm. And argue that such broadcast warranted an aisle of big Zalaisen three new applications. I sure hope that Waki Jackie didn't mention my name in regard to his complaints because the new Rogers is not supposed to be mentioned by a cell same. What do you want to agree with the he signed very voluntarily ten years ago? Or more than that. However, because none of the objections include audio tapes abroad cast transcripts. The commission cannot determine whether they provide a basis for further inquiry or denial or the renewal application. Further examination of the renewal application reveals that a grant their award for the public interest can be in necessity. Inline of the above and proselytotiodiodiodiodiodiodi in formal suggestions are denied and application renewed license of big FM, before Lawdonail are granted. But are we really good at the FCCD? Even though they got WBFF instead of BGG and this one, perver. If that's interesting, including the Howard Stern show and the new Rogers show, then he arrived your show is non big 106. What the hell do my name get involved in that again? Jack. There we go. I'm saving that. Look at the yos sincerely. Since yearly what? Linda Blair. Holy cow, the name of the broad that wrote this response was Linda Blair. That's a horrible Christ who tells you. Oh! The power of Christ who tells you. Onos says the mission. Mass media bureau. Linda Blair. How do you like that? She's a real headturner. I'll say to that. I'm saving that and pass that along with the proper authorities. I'll send that right now. Getting my name involved on a station. I don't even work for them. Which my program may even hurt. I wish it was though because it's FM with a big signal. Yeah, there's a fact. What? What'd not be nice? Yeah, it wouldn't be. What'd not be nice. That's what Brian Wilson said. Look what happened to him. Here's the fact. This is the suction from always just pathetic and desperate. He tries feverishly to backtrack in fact pedal. Anowny yellow is okay and Joe roses a buddy. You won't work. We all hate you, Mo. Everybody we hate you. I was going to give you the benefit of the doubts as the facts. But listen to your gloating and backstabbing last week. After your friend Scott was canceled. Everybody your two colors. As a nasty, talented, bitter old piece of crap. Very well said. That's the best facts we've had all year. Excellent. Got your thumb right on it. 1241 is 560 WQM. Imagine this when you buy a when you get your next mortgage. Zero closing cost. All of these things. Zero application fees. Zero credit bureau fee. Zero discounted points. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. The revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group now. With an interest rate of just 1.95%. That means if you have a $200,000 loan, your payments are only 738 a month. What you'll be finance. You get a new home mortgage from financial group. You'll never ever never pay closing costs again. So call 1-800-940-land. Grab real financing. Power would lower rate mortgage. You can move your next property without further cost to expense. Only one mortgage is called from financial group. If you want more details, call 1-800-940-land. It's a whole new way to buy. Zero underwriting fees.0. fees. 0 prepam in penalty. Zero closing cost. Even when you move to another property. Get yourself financing at the amazingly low rate. It's just 1.95%. Call 1-800-940-land. Never ever pay closing costs again. Get more info today by confidential group at 1-800-940-LAND. The renequal housing lender. Restrictions do apply. Rate-subtive to change monthly. 5.19 APR. Yeah. This one goes out to other people who think I'm so kind of free. And they're fun in the end. They can cry. Yeah. People like this. Selling like a jackson. You're not poor real. And so everybody really wants you to look at the view you can't even know. Just quit it. Okay, so my notes look a little nasty. Look at what happens when you have unnecessary runoff nasty. I don't know why you make it too big deal about my nose. What was the last time you took a look at my clothes? Oh my suits look like something out of search of pepper. But my skin looks like something you see on a lever. Well, I've heard my feelings. And it makes me sad. I used to be so popular. I used to be bad. You know what? You know what? I used to be bad. So bad. Oh, you're home. I'm not going to check. You need to breathe. You know, I don't even know your time. We'll be a little kids. We've been so they don't say what you did. There's the fight-alary in the fact that I started a holy charity. You know the cans. That's what I named it. But you can't even know something at all. After you've blamed it. What's one of the stuff I got by foot? And I walk with a limb. No, not even fast enough to catch a noble foot, too. And that's why right now I'm something. Then the fact that I'm still a love with the Holy Ghost. I wish things would be good again that they were in the 80s. People have tried to look like a brutal from Haiti. Sorry my questions, too. I'm really real. I'm really real. Where did all your dark cookies me go through? As bright as fairy land. And I'm not that sorry my objective. You're not the real. Why don't you go home? You never land. Leave outside and try to get a tank. You can't sign a Michael Jackson. And I'll be the real. Where did all your dark cookies me go through? As bright as fairy land. Sign a Michael Jackson. You're not the real. Why don't you go home? You never land. Leave outside and try to get a... Prop 48. I can't wait to tell I see him get in drag away with a cuff sign. That's going to be a beautiful holiday. I sure hope they all mess up his gloves though. There's no 200 nine votes. They can't do that. Hillary Clinton 58, Susan Surandon and Josh Lennold is Oprah time for Second with 23. So Hillary is going to hands down. All new people out there if you had a daughter. You have a daughter. You'd like them to be just like Hillary. No. Frigid. See I don't understand that. It's one thing to be spectacular. Or maybe you want to vote for. You think she's going to be a really great president? Or whatever it is. But you want your daughter to be like that? Sour bitch. Man. And your granddaughter is going to look like Chelsea. I don't think about that. Oh man. That might change your attitude. How's your mouth? Here's Evan Ture. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. The other night I was listening to the bubble gun. I mean, Fox News. And they were quoting Candlellis beans. I mean, like... I mean, kind of like... Nice. Candlellis are like... And... Hello. I'm listening. And... She said the atmosphere is looking for a leader in Europe. He was who can control the religious fanatics. Have can control the ethnic from killing each other. Well, I mean, he was going to control religious fanatics in the USA. Well, I'm saying that he was but she said. And have a respect of the people. And as of that, recognizable name. You know, I just think of it. Before we end that, they had a guy like that. Yeah. Right. Hey, they were going to be on the bus. He was a brutal dictator, but in the meantime, they had like a lot of order and the guy that shot. And he was working. The water was working. People had died. When we were treated better there than any other Muslim country. Things were bad, but they weren't like nearly as bad as they are right now. Right now, they got absolute chaos and people are dying every day. We should do a beautiful job. Because everybody knew which going to happen. Except our glorious leader. He just thought they'd go in here in the Grandi Oral. Oh, they were going to go in there. And that's what Cheney told him. So we got sucked into it. Did you hear the new West? You know, they cannot produce gasoline. So Hollywood and buys gasoline from one of his subsidies in Kuwait. For $2.50. And then they got a lot of the heat. And they said that they're 25 cents. And 225 are gallant. They're American taxpayers. Right. Right. You got it. That's really nice. Right. That's right. That's right. We're around businessmen. We're in the world. Oh, yes. That's right. They're on the board to made that like bandits. And all the, you know, the the the the the the the the weapons, you know, a bunker busting bomb cost 18 million dollars. He died of defective cannon barrels. Hey, if I were making cannon barrels. And I would have to as crude one up. And I would have to sell it to a junk man for five hundred dollars. Or the taxpayers were 18 million. Hey, I would sell it to the taxpayer for 18 million. There you go. Why not? That's my son. This is much fun. Have the price. Thanks a lot, Kelly. That's what you have. When you get another. Another dick in the White House. Right. Couldn't have said it better myself, Terry. We must tear a Griffin. Jesus sweetheart. Yes. She is. We worked with a lot of nice people over the years. And then we worked with some assholes too. You know, this patch you send me. This is a great idea for a poll, which we've never done. I didn't. I don't think we have. This is good. Because they shouldn't want to baseball. But you know, I'm going to show you something. In fact, I'll bet. Oh, I don't want to see it. No, listen, I bet most life on it. Okay. Tomorrow for part of the show. You know, a lot of days we do two polls. I mean, why not do two polls that more fun than doing just one. But that's what I always say. Where if we do the same poll with your son, who do you know, who do you to the son like to have for a role model? See what I'm saying? I guarantee there be a Zidin more votes. You'll see. You're right. A lot more names up. Question. It's part of that same thing I was talking to a little want to go to hell as my wife women. Anyway, I mean, people, you know, want to do something with them. They want to do them. They want to use them and abuse them. It'd be better. Other than that, more palpable women out there. Right. Anyway, maybe I'm wrong about that. Maybe there won't be any names on it either. Maybe it's just a bad idea. But I don't think so. I thought it was kind of cute. But this thing is good. The market film Institute hums the top 100 movie songs. Which is just a cute headline. And he would, uh, they're going to honor the songs of Hollywood. And it's ongoing celebration of American movies with AFI's 100 years, 100 songs. America's greatest music in the movies. The three are especially broadcast next year. And we never done nothing like that. Some put it in my TV thing. It's been not like that. Right. Not that. My I'm putting in my pool pile. I got an old pile of pools over here. And I'm sticking it right onto that. It's a good idea. Maybe it gets more names on this pool that they before we close this sucker rock. Because it's not good. Here's Orlando. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. How's going today? Pretty damn good. That's good. Hey, the last couple of days you've been reading now. Frank has put to it. Right. It was, uh, and colder. Yell tree was. Oh, Riley. Right. Man, you're reading his curse. Are you said next chapter in about the O'Reilly yesterday? He said we'll get the Sean Hannity later. I love the next chapter. I would love to hear that. I don't think you have time today to read it. I'm not from our house at town tomorrow sounds good to me. Excellent, man. He's an asshole. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Well, there's so many assholes in so little time. He's talking about Sean Hannity, by the way, not Alfred. You know, as I didn't get one call or one facts from anybody who said, oh, don't read that stuff on here. And of course, I know if we take the polls. It's a different story because a lot of people like to pile on our poll. Yeah, and loaded up. Hannity, in fact, the heading of chapter 14 in Frankins book, it says Hannity and then in much smaller letters and poems. Ha ha ha ha ha. This guy is a panic. He's the right on target. And he can take the most depressing, grow test of and give you a little chuckle to his great. I'll say it again. Michael Moore and, uh, Alfred, and president vice president and they can like alternate. You know what I mean? Like for six months of peace, then we'll like switch your positions. That's a balance ticket. Shouldn't a switch position? Ah. 64 say Hillary, they'd like their daughter to be just like Hillary. Frigid. 25, Joyce, a jocelyn elders. Susan Serendon, 24. I'll tell you who I loved all of she's dead. And people are going to say, you know, the usual homophobes and right wingers will say, oh, that's because she was a diketurt out with Barbara Jordan man. I loved her. She was brilliant. She was articulate. She had balls. Well, she was. But I mean, she was great. Remember Barbara Jordan? No. The Congresswoman from Texas? No. I wasn't into politics, uh, whenever that was. It's not that long ago. You have to be Schmidt and me. You know who Barbara Jordan was black. Right. Big, heavy. Real outspoken, liberal, great, no-do-take-and-oh-crap from anybody. Barbara Jordan was great. I can't, I can't believe it. I've heard the name and stuff. I just never, I was sitting in the other chair. Is he McGill sitting over there? Back in back. McGill's back. I should know because you put calls on hold. I didn't have to, but that's good. But, uh, now McGill's rid of Barbara Jordan. Not. I'm working with a couple of banana boat people. I can't believe this. How much have Tommy was still here? He wouldn't have heard he's there in the drugs. No, sure, but I mean, you've got to be kidding me. You've got to be kidding me. I've heard the name. I just never sat through one of her speeches. I didn't watch C-span. Oh, my god. You didn't have to watch C-span, or who Barbara Jordan was? Well, that just, it just, leaves me limp. My whole political interest is relatively recent. Oh, here it's speaking of a stone. We got somebody in my mind. It's his stone. Hello? Yeah. Yes, sir. How you doing? Are you stone? What? Yeah, stone, I go. Excellent. You know, when I heard you read the guy, Jake Thompson named, I give him, James, Jake Thompson, Jake Thompson. If this is the same jerk who is a chronic writer to the man you have, uh, editor of your page. Right. He gives a jerk. And then he's guys. Then I think you're in for a kind. Okay. Anyway, um, the telling that we'll be fine. Okay, exactly. Oh, we're fine. Very well, sir, fine. And you'll listen to what you like. Listen to and he can't get up a ship. I didn't have a great thing. Yeah. See, very simple, Jack. If you don't listen to this show or Howard Stern, or, uh, whatever, they'll listen to it. And we still have for Ralph Warren for you. I want the audience to know that very clearly. Okay. Because there were no other outside agitators. There was nobody else trying to get the guy can and that's the whole reason that he was taking all that heat and taking all that flat and crap. And of course, you'll notice nobody writes about that. Because everybody in the newspaper, including Jake and all the other is not understand. They're also intimidated. They're terrified to put the guy's name in the newspaper. Less tea come after them again. Plus they don't have the agreement like we got against the him with me. Which he can't touch me. And by the way, I sure hope they didn't mention my name and that big one was six because he might have to pack a toothbrush and some other, uh, a couprements very soon if he did. Talk about in clear violation. But then again, it's the kind of Hanky Panky who was specced happens behind the scenes. Nobody ever finds out about. Right, Jack. 1256 at 560 WQM. If you're looking for a really fun original neat gift for somebody's birthday, maybe like Mickey Mouse, happy birthday Mickey. Their anniversary for the holidays makes somebody's day by sending you a romantic bear. Just call 1-800-829. Bear in a friendly bear. Council will help you choose from over 100 hand-canted bears. Delivered with a card and chocolate and a colorful gift box. You can shop online to it for Montenegro.com. It's more personal and fun than flowers. And it'll be enjoyed forever. I mean, flowers are then no matter of hours and they're like a distant memory. And you won't believe the reaction you'll get to with a romantic bear. Choose some bears like the birthday suit bear. The Thanksgiving turkey bear, or babies first Christmas bear. They got bears for every occasion. All the bears are handmade and for Montenegro and Tied for life. The quality is un-feelable. Over-night and Saturday delivery guaranteed too. So call for Montenegro. We're at tollfree at 1-800-829-bear for a really neat gift. Or shop online at VermontTeddyBird.com. That's 1-800-829-B-EAR. Be sure to check out that Fat Neal. Totally to call. My life and love. This is for 2564. Way to way, man. It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. Happiness. Peace. A sense of well-being. A sense of self-worth. It comes from the inside out. It doesn't come from the outside in. Dr. Phil Jatme of the war. There's no substance there at all. Texas Matter Force that's known you look like a thing. Dr. Phil Framed when they walk. He's a mister, no head off. Never wanted to see him wearing a cheese dress. That's crazy. Dr. Phil Wai. Do your eyes do that. God's Phil Phil try. Do some love your own family. What makes you think that you do have the right to judge him. For games of you, you probably wouldn't use the one morning to a junior year. God's Phil given folks' knife fights. While he screams and falls white. About eating moth and air, you make sure that the failed days just sagging down. Your frequency is clown. Try to handle things like your friend or bro. That's crazy. Dr. Phil Star. The retired goal. Dr. Phil Star. Just leave and take your son Jay. He was sitting and watching the TV. Put the finger up there, punk. Where? Why come to know what's up in us? What prisons do perform? Be violent in the corners. While fondling their nons. Won't you buy the clothes? Oh, my God. To know what prisons you perform. Post the violent hasty from the pack of these. We're sailing back to the pack of holy and cheese. God holds his a big hit. Just in case they reproduce. That's just about over and over to you. Why let you know why come to know why come to know. Why come to know why come to know why come to know. Do the game is so important. While eating out there, don't worry. Why come to know why come to know what prisons you perform. Do the knowledge of the fish. I'm telling them they're trusting. Why come to know why come to know what prisons you perform. Do the standing feet and sit back down and can't you. Can't walk at all down with a 12 pack of food. Live a life of order, come to heaven, you go. God holds his a violent heart, holding that hole. I'm hurt to know why come to know why come to know why come to know. Alright, back to my interview. New this fall, I'm Fox. It's a late night talk show unlike any other you've ever seen. Thinking of pop snuggles into his king's eyes bed with warm milk and cookies and interviews some of Hollywood's hottest young celebrity. You can't. You know, this is Michael Jackson in bed with an Oscar nominee who was clearly starring as the voice of Mulvey and Disney's new animated adventure, the Jungle Book 2. Please welcome my special guest in my bed. Hail your eyes, man. Do we have to do this in your bed? It's in this it's very charming. I let my children sleep with very good. Oh, so tell me, Harry, Joe Osmond. How was it working with your loveable bear balloon? He's not real Michael, he's a cartoon voice by John Goodman. Hey, look what I could do with this. You never know who's going to be sleeping in Michael's bed. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. I'm here with my next guest, no gore loving my bed. It's a big TV star, the child who plays simple, it's a son and a my pity blue. Hello child who plays simple, it's a son and a my pity blue. By my eye. Would you like to play a game child who plays simple, it's a son and a my pity blue? Sure. Put put on this mask. Oh, yeah, I feel like having so much fun. Me and my children play this game with very good all the time. Woo! Put the mask on. I'm here. Here. I'm here. Touch this one time. Oh, woohoo! So grab some more milk and cookies and join Wacco Jacko for some late night TV like you've never seen before. It's sleeping with Michael Jackson. We tonight's on fall. Yeah, baby. Get down that movie. Wow. I got there on the floor. I got me on the floor. I was turning blue. I bad run after you. I never thought that I would die. At the same time, the giant hatch is too. Cut the ambulance door. Yo, I am your little doll. Where's that thing else you can do? Got it. I'm your favorite fooder. Take your backpack on the river. Pass away with the boy named Scream. I think I may have caught something when I thank you. That's how much that day. I always thought for a fool. Well, every show I could blue. Oh, it was steady. It's all the problem out at all. And in the cocaine. I was a star of the two. And that was both of the two. Although there's this three years that I got off the whip for breath. So I'm saying goodbye to those songs I've prized. So they said, free songs on a loud. So I'm paying for them now. I'm a missing senior return. Are I a A-sum? Lots of shoes now. The fun is over. And now we are swimming no more free songs. Oh, when summer rolls around, there's nothing I like more than sitting on the front porch with a nice cold glass of country and moment lemonade. Now the thing that could make it better would be a pretty little girl sitting next to me. No way to second. I pretty little naked girl. Yeah, that's what I meant. No no wait. A pretty little naked girl who puts her hand on my thigh and starts rubbing real gentle like no no no no. I got it. A pretty little naked girl rubbing my thigh. Talking dirty in my air. Those down the porch and has her way with me. Yeah, that's it. She just starts pounding me man. Rod in the hog. Screamin' do me baby. Dammit. Give it to mama. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh, forget the damn lemonade man. Just to be a naked girl. Come on. I need more riders. We love you. And they have a kiss. That's what things got in real. These are look at it. And she said she said, as they vote, look at it. On the outside she's looking. It wasn't just a kiss. Can't keep it in his hands. Can't keep it in his hands. That day it came out of the window. He won the fatless bottle. But no, he changed his mind. No more words, he could she. No more words, he could she. No more words, he could she. Unless it's his little chain. Now go be no. He's got a gun's lawyer. To paint the chili out of me. Do. His wife will stay in bed. Without fear, all you're ready going to be. I need more. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Show up and say it's so deep, you know. It's a pool of simple. You can terrific soon, pretty much. Be ready. shrimpools, can'tsee. You have a worth when you show off. Stop selfie-Fi Audio devices. Tube игры Yao The election's crazy, my galaxy turned on the data So soon it's ground Dominate the news right now Can wait to see how things turn out Look at Joe crazy That's going to be crazy and California I think they turned out just fine And they know they were great Come on and Sam, I want to I love the way that baby ends don't you? I'm brought Man, real a bro Come after one at five, sixty WCM We got the mad dog standing by Hildi here two to four Hang goldburg at four we got pants at preview any interest Oh, pants against the islanders tonight the macaroon at preview at seven again time seven thirty with jugs and the clown And then you got after the game at EK and Joe Markov and I two to five in a morning You know what it comes to having your carpets clean and top of these holidays coming up Thanksgiving is just the days away and then of course you got Christmas and Chinooka new years all of these things Why not do it now? Color good friends and dry concepts when you make that call ask him how you can say 15% on your next car per cleaning When they get done you'll be amazed, dig your entire I'll bet you most life on it You'll look down on a Florence say they just looked like brand new carpeting just laid on a floor And that's exactly what they do which is why I've used them for over 20 years in my home They make even a schwitzies looking carpets look just like brand new because they dry clean your carpets They leave them sparkling clean vibrant color soft to the touch smell and lemony fresh They grind a couple of hours. It's like somebody came in with the magic wand to perform a miracle on your floor They do it right in town for like I said a cool sage and That way that that they do a spectacular job on your oriental rugs in your drapery and a pulse roll these things as well And it give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start the job all the way around You can't be these two pennies job that they do free a dry concepts column today tool for you get your house looking really great for the holidays call 1 800 2 4 8 5 7 1 that's 1 800 2 4 8 5 7 1 clean today entertainment night with our friends a dry content My None of the same old seafood restaurants ever get the red lobster and come on in the Erica's red snapper Erica's red snapper is very popular. That's why it's the only red snapper open 24 hours a day Everyone loves to eat Erica's red snapper and if you have a large party to entertain no problem Erica's red snapper will always find a way to squeeze everybody in even if she has to open the back door Erica always keeps her red snapper fresh So when you take a whip a red snapper you'll never get that eki fishy smell Things around Erica's red snapper can get a little hairy and that's why Erica's red snapper is happy to provide protection Who ever asked for it? So don't wait come on in to Erica's red snapper today Red snapper for the snapper lover in you I'm gonna give you an update of what took place just now off the air because I think it's important to hear this Howard just called the radio station Howard David who I get along with great I thought he called me an asshole Saying I was trying to stir it up my point back to Howard is don't listen Listen to 101.5. Let me see what age group 101.5 for Howard Maybe 102.7 some easily listening love music So you could focus on your wife and your family and the grandkids instead of listening and always calling the radio station He's become empowered the caller like Howard from Boca Howard from Boca It's like you know, it's okay So anyway he's he's listening so just want to get the message out and don't call my shelter just for a record Don't call off the air because I don't want to talk to you and I don't want to hear you on the private line congratulations You know the private line number that's great, but don't call cuz you're not coming on this show You've got you've got your three hours five to eight Monday through Friday you can talk all you want but you're not coming on this show and we'll leave it at that All right, I got nothing against you. You seem like a decent person And I know you've been getting that taking a big hit on the radio station from everybody else But it's over me and you've done You But there's no Man's coming call me president run around I can receive. I don't get yourself weak I'm not saying sure that's right. I'm the president. I'm a wise judge. Haha, haha, haha, haha. I'm a wise judge. If anybody has a opinion, this sentence from our way, we'll place your name in Pudasista, and the enemy of the state. Don't even bother to quit, just follow under me. Everybody's turning fast. I just do everything. In the act of victory is a... We're watching all of you. Everyone got the suspicion. So much for you. This got me for the judge. And all you might know. This bush's fatherlandation. I have to say. Get out of here, don't you? And Clinton's everst to. Believe everything we tell you. And the state will run you. Let war and war come with. We love your husband. Hey. I'll rob in Taney bush, baby. Let us do this thing. We don't like to see our job, though. All that economy's blue. We're passing day to fight, Kano. Don't meet us, you've been wooed. All that was in prison. The fact of marriage in war. Everybody's turning fast. Yes. We've passed you away today. It's been a little constant in the year. And the middle lady of featuring the king of heavy metal. Very manoeuvre. Very manoeuvre. Very manoeuvre. With special gas. Sure. I'm not the kind of person. I'm not the kind of person. I'm not the kind of person. I'm not the kind of person. The link is far. What a lie. Very manoeuvre. Very manoeuvre. Very manoeuvre. Very manoeuvre. Very manoeuvre. Very manoeuvre. Very manoeuvre. Very manoeuvre. What's the matter, pal? Prozac, not working. Lithium just doesn't seem to do it for you anymore. Are you unable to cope? Then you need to talk to your doctor about new? Fug it all. It was coming for the holidays? Fug it all. Was riding you again? Fug it all. Wife being a pain in the ass? Fug it all. Fug it all has been prescribed in Europe for years. And thanks to a loophole in FDA regulations, he's now available in the good old US of A. Patients using Fug it all should be aware of the following side effects. Boyly discharge. Spontaneous air loss. Genital shrinking. Historic of blindness. Hidney stones. Uncertainly now Fug it. Reckablyding. And worms. So when the pressures of everyday life get you down, I need this on my desk by seven o'clock. Test came back positive. I'm pregnant. Hami. Just reach for that little blue bottle and say, Fug it all. Oh, right. Oh. You and I went to the bar. We drank some whiskey from the jar. We got drunk all over town. Then I asked you to go down, you go up to it. Like a master, but soon there was disaster. The food's sure went down easy. Now you're saying you're crazy. It felt good just like it should, but then it's done. Cause you would drunk, you spilled your guts. Pug it all my guts. There's drunk in horror's really wack. I look down to see her less naked. Come right back. Pug it all my sack. I thought I could get a decent homer. But dinner on my boner is a boner. And now my lap is full of crap. Cause my monster's a gold your console spilled your guts. Pug it all my guts. I was hoping for a decent B.J. But now I am wearing Chinese buffet. All my mows were getting louder. Now my lap looks like crème chouder. Nasty slut. Fucing how my nuts. I should have held back my frost. You will love your lunch. Now my lap turned to his glass. Pug it all my nuts. Jump in all your lunch. Fucing how my nuts. Oh, 1 26 and 5 60 WD come. Here are the three votes on who would you like to have your daughter admire. Be a role model for your daughter if you had one. And maybe you do. Hillary Clinton, the ice princess got 83. She wins hands down your pants. You ready for that? No. Would you like your daughter's both to be just like sworey? No. Susan Surrandon 34, Marine Dow 33, Joshlon Elders 29, Oprah 28, Brittany Spirits 28, Todia, San Rudeo Connor 24, San Rudeo Connor. Oh my God. Yeah girl. Maria Shriver 18, Natalie Maine's 14 and Nicole Kidman's got a dozen. She's got the old dirty dozen. 26 past one mad dog come up on a clock. If you're looking to replace that tired old carpet in your home. Here's a really great idea called Laminance Aras. There's an easy low maintenance alternative to mighty expensive natural wood flooring which looks great for custom arm and four legs. Laminance Aras is the best place to find laminated wood flooring and they get all the top manufacturers in the universe. They got pergo, perador, well, sonar, beautiful and quick step. And all of their flooring is installed by guys who we know they're crap pergo certified in stars. Another reason to call Laminance Aras, they're priced there. So, although they are unbeatable. Call Laminance Aras. Their prices are like I said, the lowest in the world. Right now get their falls special for just 1495 bucks. Just 1495 gets it to 295 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring, which is positively unrelateable. And Laminance Aras will match any legit vivid knoffer too. For a free and homestimate call Laminance Aras, toll free, 1-877-777-3336, nothing would be simpler. Free carpet disposal free furniture moving may give you a 25 year warranty, and you get years and years of beautiful easy care, Laminate wood flooring. Come at all the auto-duke call Laminance Aras. It's toll free. It's 1-877-7777-3336. Laminate wood flooring. This is 560. Free your boat, yours. Pup, you win. Get up, give me a lunk of my hand. Come up, come up, come up, come up. This is Rush Limbaugh. Servant of humanity. Talks to your host. Hemorride sufferer. Folks and over 300 pounds, I know the aggravated of this kind of dilemma. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you there's a felt. With new preparation Rush and my Rush to excellent suppositories. Now you can end the pain and isring of hemorride'll tissue. Just but for my picture on the box of suppositories, and the applicator tube of other fine products from OIB. The obesity and broadcasting network. Jump here to the taxi. The taxi car about her driver said, well, pardon me. You look at me so quish-a-during. I could tell he wasn't a dog. So I acted out my pop-shurried. And with my arms the trees I made. There's no bug speaks English and immobile. I went down to my, yeah, I met which way the weather is nice. I'm shunning. I walked into a liquor store, but the guy there talks real fun. I asked him for a pint of fortune, beaming just 90 end of what does that mean? Nobody's choosing Rush and immobile. That corner delie. Hell, I think I've been Pakistan's taking with smelly. Or you can go back to your hour, eh. I came here for a year to go. I learned my ABC. I don't say much as gross as I said pretty good. So get yourself to a classroom quick. You're an American now. Stop making me sick. No matter speaking English, come on in a moment. Oh. Don't bow God that God my friend. Pass it over to me. Don't bow God that God my friend. Pass it over to me. Roll up to the ground. Just like the other one. It's a scene to be a fog of quits. And I need another hand. Don't bow God that God my friend. Pass it over to me. Don't bow God that God my friend. Yes man, it won't die. Roll up to the ground. Just like the other one. This was a scene to be a fog of quits. And I don't have another sense. And I don't have another sense. And I don't have another sense. And I don't have another sense. And I don't have another sense. And I don't have another sense. And I don't have another sense. We're talking today about why man cheat. I've just done it because it felt good at the time. I didn't think about it. I didn't concern myself with my wife. She just got boring so I got to run around. And I'm above reproach on that. If you want to chase women, go do it. So what about Alan and Aaron here? She's pregnant. Do you want this marriage to work? Or are you willing to allow him to cheat? I don't want to. Do you believe that you can look? You're fianceing the eye and say, I want that instead of you and go do it. Definitely. And you get it. You get women. You've started out as an innocent weekend racking trip with the guys. Until... Deliverance, 98. Since today's hot film TV stars as they make the jump to the big screen. Deliverance, not yet. Star and Kyle, Kenny and Cartman. She been over. You're like a pain. I see it squeal. Baddish. I'm not thinking anything. And I don't want to help out. What's your balance? Take turns on the self-park kids. Oh my god. They fuck some of Kenny. Deliverance, 98. Is something? Don't be a deal though. Don't be the one to get anything. I felt my tank up. I was either know I'd be helping finance 9-11 by giving money to you and a cow or avocado and the carl to settle. I turned my lights on last night. How's that an odd paying Jake and Big was great things? I made two of those today. How was I to know I was providing bath water to the middle east? Well, that ain't so bad again. Every time you bite a marijuana cigarette, you're helping to finance running on overlords and breaking a law based on the old movie referment. Latter Joe, Joe, on a... Is the sky a boom and a guide? I just spent a river choice now. I'm white pan, you know. Or now I'm the jump of this window. This was a pay for by the community to keep the market in the dark areas. And they're doing a great job, by the way. 22 till 26, the WCM 2021 votes on a poll. And Hillary is untouchable. Would you touch it? No, that's my case. What payments living person would you like to think is a role model for your daughter if you had a daughter? Hillary Clinton 89. Woo! Susan Sermand in 36, Marine Dowd 31, they'd be proud to emulate Marine Dowd. She's a little loud. Tossler Elder's 31, Brittany Spears' 30, don't they always say are we Spectur Elders? How many's Brittany got? About 30 men! Oprah 29 said Rodeo Carter 27, howdy pressing. Re-a-scriber 19, Natalie mains 15 and Nicole Kibbin, has still got that same, wrinkled dozen. 22 till Mad Dog time until a clock. If you're fat, you've tried them all. You've tried the watermelon diet, the eggings diet, the scatkins diet. You've tried still men and the swim and all of the others. And you're still fat. If you fail them all of the others, maybe because you're like, uh, not too smart. Maybe you just don't understand it. And that's why balance for life will help you out because they do all the figuring out for you. They don't have to, uh, let you worry about carb counting or calorie counting because they do it for you. Like I said, all you have to do is to worry about reaching down and grabbing your black sack. And what's up, respecting guy to want to reach down and grab their black sack? Or just anyway, just reach outside the door by six o'clock in the morning every morning. It's there waiting for you. And inside your black sack from balance for life are three gourmets, meows, two delicious snacks, everything fresh and delicious. Nothing frozen. No chemicals, no prefabricated crap in a box. Just really good stuff. And plenty of food and then to keep you full and happy and the satisfied all day long. So you won't have to be cheating either. And don't forget, balance for life is the only company. Let's you pick between two choices for each meal I read in the channel program. You fill out a menu once a week. You've passed it back to him. And exactly what you want, it's in there. So that balance for life finally. Help you lose that weight if you're overweight. Out of shape if you're disgusted, we've earned puppets. If you're diabetic around a verge of a knife, I beg you. Believe me, you don't want to go there. So I called balance for life at nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine. You'll start seeing results on at scale within just a matter of a day. You can get more info about them to on your website balance for life.com. We're sports video five six six two a.m. Well he's a tele-heavy nasty. Oh, he got the money from his daddy. Oh, and if I said like little granny, whoa, within a gender that's crappy. Oh, well he's a tele-heavy nasty. Oh, well they're fellow. Bellies are present and Tristan who doesn't have to run. No one else is gone away. He might as well just move right in. She got. She got. She got. He has a golden spoon. He was born with nothing that. So look out on you, Jews. Get ready for the cat. He's a tele-heavy nasty. Oh, he'll give our fiddle right so whammy. Whoa, why did the tele-heavy nasty? Oh, well they're fellow. Bellies are very wealthy dudes with very faggy fumes. Who never created dudes by the kids? Who will all be screwed? She got. She got. She got. Any sparkly wind that rays? Against Buddy, we're K-Wild, you think they call it Gilbert? The Toriel and he race isn't gonna have the nasty. Oh, he'll be the K-K-K-K-K-K-K-K-K-K-K-K-K-K-K-K-K-K-K-K-K-K-K. Oh, I need the tele-heavy nasty. Go, the best of a way. To fill out the Jewish step. Come on, they don't. Let's go, for this. Come on, they're all. It's a terrorist one and a... So as you drive on to work, be alert. The White House says what all the film now can't be sure. She went in my strike neck, yeah, we're nervous, Rex, cause of all of the stress. From spits as we've been in watch out, He used the word I feel nuclear. It's a terrorist one and a... Oh, you have. The government says we prove they're... And I'm scared. They say not give, but when now? Not specific, pretentious. Yeah, I think they're a whole steak, if you mean strobe. I think that I just will ignore it. Yeah, live my life. Enjoy the ride, live my life. I can't live my life. Terrorists, make me say, oh. You played in all your life, remember your journey. Okay, maybe you haven't waited all your life, and don't give a rat sass That's that they're together again, but they're playing just for you. Simon and Garponso. One night only, one hit only because they're tired. It's the return of Simon and Garponso, barely lie, and on stage. Go into us, friendly, hard-to-pens. We chill, let's don't make smoke go bust with a break. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. I've got to leave now with my patrons, but I won't stop making just between. Get your tickets now. We're Simon and Garponso, along their live, but just really tour. Come with me, give me some of the babysitter and go to a movie instead. All right, who's that group of Muslims helping terrorists? It's the bunch of faculty in front of the list, the salad and... Who are those fanatics? They're not so good-kate. If you're what's stealing, that's your hand, I'm good-kate. The salad and... The salad and... The salad and... Because they rule, I've got a stand about that up to no goal. A salad and man, he doesn't give a damn about his country's stomach masses. He shows us where the driver passes, so we can go and kick their asses. Welcome! Who keeps all the women? Covered at the toe? It could be Osama under their youth, never know. The salad and... The salad and... The salad and... Because they rule, I've got a stand about that up to no goal. So I'm watching the BBC news that I'm a sports segment. I'm seeing a bunch of a Brit's acting like real assholes, which of course they always are. And it looked to me like they were in a damn square at Amsterdam. I said, that can't be in Britain. That's an Amsterdam. And then there he went back to the way. It was like the Royal Palace and it was Amsterdam. They're getting ready for some big soccer match or some crap like that. I said. And I said, God damn, that's Amsterdam. And it was. I just mentioned that in passing and you'll be interested in no direct and like assholes. 151 at 560 WQMH. Listen, you're an idiot if you don't get you in New Actors. So the older one is lumpy and bumpy and not doing you good. And your back is hurting from it. You're not getting a good night's sleep. If you're like crap, you'll feel a lot better with a great mattress. Some dollar mattress. George knows it. Miguel knows it. Folka Brian knows it. Fat boy knows it. I know it. And reason I know it has to have been called him for years. Every time it's time to replace the mattress, you make the one simple call. You don't get sucked in by those betting and apartments. That rip you off cause they got a big overhead to pay. You call 1-800 mattress. That's it. That's all you do. And what time you want them to show up? Any to our window between 8 AM and 10 PM 7 days a week and they'll be there. No shell games, no phony claims, no phony promises, no bait and swish. Just unbeatable discount prices on the best goods in the world every day, including now, Steer and some bananas foster. So don't get sucked in by those so-called giants in the mattress industry because they rip your ass off. Pick up the phone right now called dialometrist. They'll be knocking on your door no time at all. You'll have a big smile on your push and you'll be sleeping like a baby tonight and for years to come. 1-800-MATTR-ES, the easiest pieces shopping you'll ever do 1-800-MATTR-ES or online it's mattress.com. 1-800-MORS. This is 4-205-6. 2-way AM. Roger's good I could hear the word asshole. Have you ever turned on the radio and said, that song makes me sick. Very well now. KOPK Records presents. So is that make you wanna grow up? I'm the dad to go now. I'll check on you. I gotta. Hey, so steal it to you. Stay away from my corner. This is like a... Yes. And so is that make you wanna grow up. You get sting. You fire the blue, my lord. I'm gonna flee by for a run. And who could forget that classic? Pew, pew, pew, pew, pew, pew, pew, pew, pew, pew, pew, pew, pew, pew. You know you make me wanna buy me this, my grocery bar, all my child, all my kookies, all of my kookies, all of my kookies. You can tear the pieces, sounds that make you wanna grow up. Bye bye, baby. Coming next year, the King of Pop put a tray your home down to ring to benefit the cargo classy school for wavered boys. It's Michael Jackson. The Mculay isn't picky. I've got a very epic sense. Michael Jackson. The Mculay is a fun little man he's shining with. He's back all right. Michael Jackson. Yes, Michael performs all of his greatest hits from all these with the Jackson five. I'm getting down on my knees. Remove the nails. The baby sees a lot of me. Baby, you and me. That's right. From the time of tunes of the Jackson five, the classic solo work, Michael Jackson together. Michael Jackson. Just sit over there. I'm a fan of the five-locked boys to receive backstage passes to hang out in Michael Jackson's Pressing room Michael Jackson's benefits Hey, yeah, I might go. Yes, Bobby, is that your real skin color? It's inside with cats, but I know a game that we can play to find out at the institute Right, you know it's time to re-willy And here the rousing finale. Yes Michael sings the song he wrote for the show another world with the Vienna voice choir Back in Hima烤 me�� apply t Jax posters White Billy's jeans. Dino had a dull time. And of course, smooth criminal. And you're a Michael Jackson Stewart. She ended up at the cargo class in school and for a wayward voice. Forget your tickets now. Boys under 10 have been in free when a company buying no one. Black, a damn white. They really really tell you. Oh, they're black, a damn white. They really really tell you. Oh. Yeah, Black, a damn white. White, white, white. Can you watch your show? I'm the vice president of the EU Q&A. My only for my own. My six-irt. Oh, yeah.