I'm having me some turkey and gravy soda for Thanksgiving. How's that sound? Alright. I had the ability to do. I take you out here right now. Take your goddamn teeth in. Except the handful of homeboats. Swort holes, palm-o-brake kids. Grab the morning show that boats. One day the well-dressed red green has margin to lead. My CTF needs a new hygry. Do you mind if I borrowed your veins tonight? There's another line that goes here. And goes your pyramopalata mission, like with her fluids. Mo-ho-we-mo-ke-fastard. Nasty, cranky-fit-turkey. 10-o-wanted five, 60. Don't answer the phone. I want to be a new Josh. Is Josh here today? Yes. I'm assuming he is. His armpits are still a little on the moyside from last couple days. A lot of pressure there. Oh, yeah. A lot of pressure. Spurs, there's a couple of people that are sat in that chair. Yeah. Yeah. And paired to a... Ha ha ha ha ha ha. What in particular? So if Josh is lying on a floor with his feet straight up an area on this day, maybe he had too much turkey and baby. So what does this do? Screamless today because look at... See the guy's turn. This is great. The guy's turn at online six. And now he's over at my favorite line. Fine nine. QAM. Where am I gonna die? Ha ha ha ha ha ha. All right. Happy Thanksgiving. Oh, he's the best. And he's the best. I love him. He's no Reverend Jones though. I'm actually a Reverend Jones on there in like five seconds. He'll last don't you think? A little early for him. Now, no way. It's never too early on this show for Reverend Jones. Our close personal friend. He usually just have a bug up your ass about him. He just, you know, you know, you're the funny... When you tell me before to show today that Woody is like, uh, in different category. A piker, yeah. They're all the same. They're all the same. This could be him right here. WDQM Reverend Jones line. Okay. Ha ha ha ha. Not good. Not good. Anyway, I'm just out of what it is before to show is like a little bit down. I don't know why. And then the sun came out here and it's all the way up to like 38 degrees. It's toasty, eh? Maybe it was down syndrome. Is that what it was? I could have that. And then of course I heard them. But I think that perk me up a little bit. Absolutely. I'm a little bit asked, ripped in. Verico's veins popping all over the place. I've great said light. Anyway, yesterday we asked which Democrat a contender do you think has got the best chance to be George Bush in 2004? And we didn't ask we you liked the best. I have a feeling that's what they were saying, you know. Right. We've done that too many times already. How are Dean 405? How are Dean when his mean machine? He's doing it so far. 405. General Wesley Clark did pretty good. Good strong second 348. After that it was a small potatoes. Nobody can beat Bush 267.22.3% of you. Very defeatest and sad people. Of course I would assume that maybe 15% are Bush people. Yeah. John Kerry who looks more and more scary as each day goes by would I'd like to keep them face. John Kerry's got 51. Al Sharpton 40. Did give hard 24. John Edwards 19. Carol mostly brought 15. Julie women 13. Oh, and Dennis, because Senate 10 on 1192 almost 1200 votes. The saddest thing is they showed I can't find it anywhere on the way. But not then please don't send it to me. It's 2D pressing. If anybody's got it. They showed the latest Gallup poll in Florida. And the Democratic candidate who's got the doing the best against Bush is. Oh, a two regimen. Although Bush is leading it all by about 20 points. So it's so far which means that only old Cubans and old Jews are votein in Florida. Because certainly Dark folks aren't allowed to vote. Right, not anymore. Not no mode, not after the last election. If you're a little bit, they have like a Richter scale. And when you walk into your polling place, if it goes off like and it means you're a little bit too dark, you're not allowed to vote. I believe they'll put some, huh? They use the Brown Bag test. Does that what it is? Yeah. I bet to this is Reverend Joseph L. I'm 3. WQIM. Shut up. Yeah. Ah, usually doesn't call till after 11. He'll be there. You mark my words. We may have a tough time. That was our friend in Croll Gables allegedly. I don't think they'd left that kind of Croll Gables. No, he doesn't pass the code. No, he'll, he's out in the code. WQIM Reverend Jones line. WQIM. Yes, sir. He helped the pardon me for not listening to your show lately. But what was the reason that, um, for Rolga? What does that mean? No, I'm just saying because I didn't hear about the wife for all that fired. Why he got fired? Yeah. It's a long story. Oh, come on, explain it then. Party mouth. Uh, I thought he meant that. They had two guys sitting on the dump button. They were like dumping every other word. He finally just, uh, after I agreed 500 times not to say this and not do that. And he kept doing it. Pony, pick about the outdoor hockey game up there. What do I think about? Oh, he was, uh, his, he's getting a call from Reverend Jones. It was okay. I hope they don't do it again. It was 25 to raise below zero. It's a desperate attempt to try to go up a dying league. The National hockey league is really dying on the vine. The crowds are sparse at best and most of the places around league. And it's, uh, it's that game is very boring. And they keep Gary betmans and asshole. They keep talking about opening it up. And all, we're going to enforce the rules and they don't. And it's like a lot of clutching and grabbing. That's why he had that scoreless tie. Rangers and Carolina couple nights ago. But I must be really exciting. Wow. I mean the Tampa Bay and Carolina. Nothing could be fine. I didn't to get rid of Carolina. I mean it just too many teams that don't need to exist. Like the Panthers, for example, is no reason they got a game tonight. By the way, so don't be negative about it. You're so damn negative. They'll be hosting the New York Rangers tonight. You probably ought to be able to get a really good seat. Cause there's nobody in town. 730. We got the Panthers. People with seven Rangers at the Panthers 730. And then we also got her a cool basketball after that. And he lost Vegas. Turny Hurkohans had Bragg and Bradley. Ready for that? Quarking, Turkey and gravy soda selling well. Seattle Company makes Thanksgiving theme. Turkey and gravy soda and people are gobbling it up. The New Turkey and gravy soda taste well pretty much like you to imagine it says here. This is ABC News. But that's not stopping people from buying it. Even the producers of the Thanksgiving theme, David Jones, soda company were surprised by the demand. They sold out all 6,000 bottles online within about two hours last week. Online. To be honest, we really didn't think so many people would want it said Michelle Whitehead, marketing assistant at the Seattle based Pringy soda company that has a reputation for quirky flavors. Founder and CE. Oh, Peter Van Stoke. Good Dutchman. Beamed up the seasonal flavor on a large vitamins. He can't stomach an entire bottle. The liquids ominous. I love it. The liquids ominous, murky brown color, accurately warns consumers about the taste. The first sip rings the mix of sweet caramel and savory lard. It's downhill from there. Savory lard. A limited number of Turkey and gravy soda is a available stores around Seattle and Olympia for this suggested retail price of the 99 cents. A few entrepreneurs are selling theirs on eBay. By Tuesday, the bidding was up to $63 for a two bottle set. The company founded in 1966, Pantsodone proceeds from sales of Turkey and gravy soda to the choice for toxicity and Van Stoke said he'll personally match it on the issue. Well, that nice of them. So you're really lucky. You can go online on eBay and get some Turkey and gravy soda. This is what I have said the beauty of it is that Luxemales and fields the same. Go in and as it does coming out. Might assume it's carbonated because it's called soda. California priest. Victim agreed a $16 million deal. This is a panic. This is hysterical. A Roman Catholic priest agreed to pay $16 million to settle a lawsuit filed by a man who said he was molested more than 20 years ago. The victim's lawyer said yesterday. The priest is or agreed to pay $16 million. Whether the Reverend Robert Fratis 50 it has the money was unclear. We might think highly unlikely, right? Additionally, the Roman Catholic Dices of Oakland agreed to pay one made in plus $50,000 to provide counseling for the victim, Mark Bogdanoids. He's pleased that both the Dices and the priest of economics, what was none of them said Bogdanoids's lawyer, Larry Dreeva, drive on. The seventh was reached Monday, concluding a civil trial that began to remember 10th Dices, spoke from an sister Barbara Flanary. How come they're always Irish? Sister Barbara Flanary said the Dices and sure will pay the $1 million to the victim. As far as the $16 million from the priest, forget about it. Fratis and inactive, clerical not resume ever any kind of mystery in the church, Flanary said. Bogdanoids 38 is a former Navy seal and Gulf War veteran also worked in the airline industry. The alleged abuse occurred several times in 1979 when Bogdanoids was 15, and Fratis was serving at Santa Paula Catholic Church in Fremont. Bogdanoids first told his mother, Yamama, Bogdibus in 2001, some 22 years later. Fratis was arrested in 2002 following a police investigation. He later played guilty one kind of child molestation. It was sentenced to six months in prison. There you go. Just another isolated incident. Speaking of child molestation is how it's Michael doing. That Mark Garagos man, what did an answer? You know it? Yeah. All spin all the time. See this is the new deal now. Let's, we haven't even got the charges yet, and of course this isn't going to be till at least December 15, because there are so many more things to investigate evidently. People are coming forward from all over the place and some might be legitimate. But his hysteria about that video tape that was made on that privately reject, that they rented in Vegas to fly in Michael the California. That way, and we're going to come down like a ton of bricks on anybody who be smirchers, Michael, and pop a bond tries to exploit, make money from us. Just hysterical, and of course, be smirching out of the family of the accuser. And she stole a freight train, and a kid was a shoplift. Do we have that story yesterday? And about how they sued JC Penis. Of course, they're different being that they won $137,000 from JC Penis. So maybe they had something legit there, possibly. But that's always the deal. I just like to brought a notice every tabloid, which maybe you don't look at. But every tabloid now's got wild headlines about the accuser in the Kobe rape case. Oh, she did this, and she did that, and now she's in rehab and detox. And she's hanging out with Russian poppin, oxy's like crazy, and she had sex 45 times in the hour before Kobe allegedly did the rape, and he never stole a freight train. So what's not to like? You know, she was a drug and slut, and there you go. Just like Robert Plateswif, that you got sucked into that so easy. You know, she was a piece of trash, trailer trash crap. She had an bitch had it coming. I think that's just going to be it. Of course, in Michael's case, maybe a little bit different. But all these other cases where women get light like Sean Relievey. Right. All Gary Condon had to do was to cut it off at the pass by saying, hey, guess what? The bitch had a comment. Right. And America wouldn't be the men certainly would have said, Oh, right. I've lied. She was ugly anyway. She was grotesque. She was not nearly as ugly as mine. Well, she was over here, but now this fat is monochlor. Right. What thing about Bubba? He needs to get the two good to get to it, optomologist. Because between Hillary and Monika man, his taste and women, these little, at least the Kennedy's had good taste. You know what I'm saying? Oh, yeah. They were after like what was the GN Conn's girlfriend's name? I don't know. Come on. Let's go. You can do it. Exner, Judith Campbell, X. Okay. And Marilyn Monroe and some hot hot babes. That's a hub. Bubba? I mean, if you're going to, you know, if you're going to like get in Pete's based on blow jobs, at least, at least get him from somebody. Looks pretty good like, you know, Channer Reno. Well, he did that Elizabeth Gracon. She was, uh, I don't know, miscannitors, something like that. Elizabeth Gracon? Something like that. Providence passed ten and five, 60. Happy holidays to you for a lot of your good post personal friends at WQAM. If you haven't. And what do that first guy say? Or something about why for real got part. He's coming back. I think he's coming back. Don't you? No. Come on. Somewhere. Do you think? Sure. I'm surprised he hasn't popped up somewhere already. Ah. Maybe it's just a rule, huh? Maybe we're just like, uh, did them with the audiences that emotions out there. Who the hell knows? Hey, I'll tell you one thing I know. And that's Shelley Bloom's fashion clotheers are doing it right because they've been around for a long time in the same location. 40 years in that same great location serving the menace of Florida. The year of the year 2650, North West Fifth Avenue and Miami Fashion District. And it Shelley Bloom's you'll find the best fine men's clothing suits, sport codes. They got it all slacks. Dress and sport shirts ties. And one of the biggest lesson designers shoes anywhere in town. Shelley's got beautiful a tie-d in Slack Super 120's. In 15 colors for only 60 bucks. And I guarantee a Shelley don't have no checkered pants either. George U. R. Money suits itself from 13.95 to 15.95. Or only 795 bucks at Shelley Bloom's fashion clotheers. Shelley even offers a fantastic unbeatable selection of the 10 in suit starting at an amazingly low 225 bucks each. There are three ingredients that answered a question how to Shelley stay in business in the same location all those years. Service selection and price unbeatable. That's why over 40 years he's been in the same spot and it'll ever change. The selection is fantastic. All the races are always free and with thousands of suits in stock. Up to size 70. You're always going to be sure you'll find exactly what you need. So stop over spending at the malls especially during the holidays. Make the trip to Shelley Bloom's in the heart of the fashion district and prestigious Miami. Open Monday through Saturday 9 3rd in AM till 6 PM. If you have questions, I want to compare price just give Shelley a call 305 5 7 3 58 90. That's 305 5 7 350 and 90. Tell that fat-old slot meal towards you to call. Shelley Bloom's fashion clotheers believe you me it's worth the trip. Oh, Ryan. I was standing there one day not thinking I would die from being able to make this a juggle. I should never eat McDonald's. A breakback must be trapped here's right about what I'm not gonna. How can you die from infected thoughts? You're letting these put your doctors in. Now my hot stuff. You're smart since I'm out. For my intestines out. I guess I should have known what to expect. Is it in Miami? Which the time ups and downs you get in this town? I would act to leave too far. Hello. Here's my TV that I follow. Why did you live with me so you could ask? Why get you losers to get it right? My power was blocked inside my hiding. Can make my clothes go out. Oh. Congratulations to the coaches about Sineau. But I remind you, Beach for doing a beautiful job on Morris Gid. Don't see him no more. Well, if you take it from me because I had my own gobladder sprints about Sineau, don't go there. Okay, unless they like drag you and you can't find a way out. Just don't go to Mount Sineau. Go go to that hospital. Unless you're ready to check out. Don't go to the hospital. You're going to be amazed at this story, I guarantee you. Okay. Holy, this is off. Mema, off, metabod. Excuse me? India. Off, metabod, India. Holy man claims not to have eaten for 68 years. Yeah, yeah. And, India, listen to this, and Indian Man who claims divine inspiration says you have survived 68 years without eating, drinking, or relieving himself. Baffling doctors who are unable to prove him. I'm just tongue-diaperness, unable to prove men imposter. Pray, lad, Johnny. Here is Johnny. A 76 year old as a extraordinary tale is one of a small band of devotees, accepted and dared underwent round the clasher valence at a hospital lost metabod. The commercial capital of the western state of Gujarat. Clayton is trademark red, sorry. Veryl's and nose ring. Identifying him as a follower of the goddess Ambaaji, Mr. Johnny managed to puzzle the sterling hospitals for 100 doctors. Neurologist, Sudhir Shah, said Mr. Johnny was under watch for 10 days with post-circuit camera running and the doctors were convinced he didn't break any of his vows. Or any wind. Are you by one thing so? Maybe he's a recycling train. However, there was no way of verifying whether he had pulled it off for 68 years or pulled it at all. Yeah. He didn't pull a lot of a watch him. At the end of his confinement doctors noted no deterioration of his condition other than a slight drop in his weight. He has evidence of the formation of urine which was re-absorbed on his bladder wall. The medical committee does not have any scientific explanation. According to the BBC, Mr. Johnny spends most of his time in a cave near the Ambaaji Temple in Gujarat State. He spent his 10 days in a hospital and especially prepared room which sealed off Torl with a sealed off Torlut and constant video surveillance. To help the doctors verify his plans he agreed to avoid bathing for the duration. That was just smell good and the only fluid he was allowed was a small amount of water to use as a mouth wash. A hundred milliliters of water were given to him and then collected and measured out in a beaker when he spat it out. A statement from off-medibods association physician said that even though no water entered his body urine and less appeared to form in his bladder only to be re-absored by the bladder walls, Mr. Johnny claims his condition is due to a hole in his palate. Drops of water filtered through this hole keeping him alive. He said he's never fall-milled and can continue to live like this. Said one of his followers. Mr. Johnny said he realized that the age A that he'd been blessed. Are we blessed down here? He was the vermillion heek of mark on his forehead more often seen on myriad Hindu women. Well, of course, it will be a big song of that. That was we don't care what's done. So there we go. There's a guy that doesn't need anything and he's and he got a picture of me. And he's a little on the slums. I would say I heard he's going to write a diet book. I guarantee you one thing if he moves to Boston he won't be buying no red grapes. Licking snow him. Heidi wait. Went to the store for grapes. She came back home with a poisonous pet. Wait was feeding red seedless grapes to a one and a half year old daughter this weekend when their father stopped her cold. A black widow spider. The muggators tap a spider in the west was nestled in the bunch of fruit. Wait didn't panic. She put the arachnid in her children's bug jar and accepted their ever since. I couldn't come to Kurt terms with killing what she said. Wait a voilston man's purchased the California grape slice we get a Shaw supermarket in Shrew'sberry. She said she wanted to get the word out to ensure that others would be cautious with their grapes. It ought to squeeze your grapes too hard. In response to venomous discoveries by wait and another customer who bought grapes at a different store Shaw supermarket to unit of Britain's G.C. in G.S. Hinsbury PLC. set up an increased inspection of fruit at the stores and sell grapes loose instead of in bags. As result of the growers efforts to reduce these to pesticides and industry, the possibility of finding an insect or spider exists. The current problem of black widow spiders is limited to red grapes because currently they're harvested. How do you like that? The black widow spiders venom by the way is usually not fatal to humans because only a little tiny minutemout is transmitted but the bite is extremely painful. Following that? Okay. In other words, I want you to touch it hurts. Right. I got a lot of stuff here today. You know we'll understand a few calls because it's a holiday. Nobody in town. We want to put a lot of pressure on you. It's all I will challenge you. I guarantee of every drones will call in before 11. WQIM. Hello? Yes sir. Yes. Pretty good sir. I just had a question for you. I just want to know how to get your CD. The best of 2003. We have a phone number you can call. Got a pencil pen? Yes sir. Right. He's a chalk 305. All right. What's that number George? 650. 650. Oh 156. Oh 156. Oh 156. Okay thank you and have a great holiday. Or he can go. There you go. I was calm. We're looking for a van hitman. I'm assuming he maybe don't have a computer. That's why he's asking. If he had the roger's dot com if he had a PC, he'd already see it on there and I hope a lot of people out of the holidays are here because we're really slow this year. All the charities have it a bit of a time because the economy is so good. Oh yeah, but we've turned a corner baby. Make no mistake about it. Just in time for the present to be reelected. Just like that Medicare scam. In fact, things are going so good. The Dow is down two points. Although the Nasdaq's up a couple of points eight point whatever it is that what do that say about the euro I missed a dammit? Merkin dollars worth about nothing. Few cents. Anyway, MSNBC cancels you can and impress your favorite pet you can. Former presidential candidate, Pat Buchanan's lost his regular person MSNBC. Maybe come on for present again. So you idiots in Palm Beach County can vote for Pat Buchanan instead of for our dean. The news network said yesterday was canceling the political talk show. Buchanan and press which period two, CNN crossed our alumni in Buchanan and Bill Press. Both member will continue to be contributed to MSNBC. Said Eric Souranson, the network's president. And I will say this. Uh, this since that was the only good show on the entire network of MSNBC. I just shut it down. Legal correspondent Dan Abrams, the Abrams report will move from prime time to Philadelphia, Houston, Slot that Buchanan and press occupied, is the just adventurous deland we know I mean I know they find these shoved in on here. I saw one show was embarrassing. And I don't even know if he's still on. Is he? I don't know. I'll be damn. I guess I can let's see. I can go to my guide. I'm a cable here. Okay, 133 is MSNBC. I'll go during the break on the guide. Oh, there's Tanny Faye. Biden convicted and half the serve, whatever sentence he has to serve. But if he's not guilty, this will be with him the rest of his life no matter what he does. Wow. Man, she's got enough makeup on. It took a, uh, a stadium. Wow. She is just a piece of work, ain't she? And of course, you know, who's a big fan of Tanny Faye, don't you? Yeah, I think that we got sitting out in front of freaky Carlos. Yeah, birds of a feather, act freaky together. Plus I think they got the same going to college just say makeup artist. 10 27 at 560 WQM. How tell you one thing when you wake up in a morning and in the morning there's a warning. If you don't feel good, if you're back as out of a shape, the answer is your mattress is probably ahead of even the best mattresses in the world though, Lance forever. So if your mattress is bumpy and lumpy and just a finito, here's the answer, make that one simple call certainly ought to know by now. We've been talking about for a coupons age. Call 1 800 mattress, dial a mattress 1 800 mA TTR ES. And when you talk to these people, you don't have to go schlep it around time looking for a good deal because they give it the best deals in the world. No phony promises, no batons which just unbeatable discount prices every day on the top name brands and universe. Now including even stirrens in bananas faster. And as far as deliveries concerned, whoever heard of this, you picked it to our window when you wanted them to and they actually do a show up on time. Like 8 in the morning till 10 a night, in a 12-in-between, you pick it there there seven days a week. And they take away the crafty old smelly bedding instead of your brand new one in the extra chart. So you put together this combination, you have to be a lunatic to get to a mattress any place else. On a sales practice is fantastic service on readable everyday low prices. Same day delivery when you want and free setup and removal. All of these things make dial a mattress number one of the world's customer satisfaction. So call them right now. You could be having a new mattress there today in Tampa, Dallas called Tulfrey 1-800-MX-100-MATTRES or online its mattress.com. Now the trucker or did he cock it? He was so good. He was so good. He was so good. He was so good. He was so good. He was so good. He was so good. He was so good. He was so good. He was so good. He was so good. He was so good. He was so good. He was so good. He was so good. He was so good. He was so good. He was so good. He was so good. He was so good. He was so good. He was so good. He was so good. He was so good. He was so good. He was so good. He was so good. He was going up to Sanjay and that wasroyable. And I was so good! Why did J genera smell theázsa? This might of been tanned. I got aine coming out. Oh, I just voted. I just voted the just for anything just to get it going and there's a bunch of votes on there already The reason I'm doing that is that last Tuesday The American film Institute unveiled 400 songs vying to be the favorite music in films is part of its hundred years series of annual sporting annual events spotlighting the film history. Oh, I got to do something Because it's American film Institute, so they got to do something, right? Oh, yeah, and we've had so many of that, you know, hundred years hundred movies and all these other movie lists and all that crap So now they're doing the best songs for movies, so why don't I not do it? I want to get a 400 Are we maybe? No, no, we got a list that we started with today and then of course you can add to it We'll give you something to do. I wonder if that's Reverend Jones online three or four. What about is this Reverend Jones? No, it's him. The only once per day asshole only once a day. He's how to control now that one What is the all-time best song from a movie? And we got list so far three six nine and eleven Somewhere over the rainbow Judy Garland Come on Judy have another drink Pop another oxy I think she was doing oxy's no I thought it was just that person down this oh I started Judy Garland live in 1956 at the art at the where was it in New York at the place What that was the name of that place music hall music city I'm ready to be music hall radius the very good radius the music hall She I already told you this a million times Judy Garland she was great and senior wensis was the Leedon I think a couple of other huh? Sorry, alright, he's dead and she's dead. She's very dead and of course she what she gave She left us the legacy of great music and lies in Manelli proving that nothing is perfect Because I want to tell you something if there's anybody that's a good poll Well, we've already done a lot of those but she just bothers the crap out of me. I don't know who bothers me the most rosio dommel Liz Taylor that professional faggagg and lies in Manelli. That's another one professional faggagg Well by the way, yeah, she was asked last Friday what she had to say about Michael. Ah, she had no comment She said give me that She didn't use the bother me Who lies a yeah like in the cabaret that movie and all my jazz right by not But she grew on me like a fungus. No, be in the seat. She had or she has and had her mother's neuroses without a talent She's one thing if you're reading neurotic, but you had tremendous talent Like Elvis for example. He was like poppin all the empills and he was like a basket case and the fat and she's burgers But he was a talented Judy Garland was a great talent had a wonderful voice great entertainer, but she was neurotic his hell at all kinds of problems There was breakdowns every couple of weeks She was kind of like a little like to him Crawford, you know Not only not quite as butch and had better shoulder pads So here's the shortlist some more over to rainbow the wavy word, which I sure hope all that's oh, I can't there's another one Yeah, with that that's a good list barber's Christan another female at bothers the crap out of me She just bugs me with her cross eyes and her big mouth Biggest in a lie from Saturday night fever stand lie Morris give was trying to stay alive and then they sent it into a mountaineine a bad move rather this good bad idea I don't want to miss a thing that was aerosmith from that space from Armageddon Right old-time rock and roll, which it seems to me I could be wrong, but it seemed Yeah, how do you like that? Was that incredible or what Tom Cruise from what he was dancing naked in his underwear when a lot of people still liked him from that movie Don't tell me risky business just where my mind is sharp today man. How on you? One of his soldiers. That was George's idea one tin soldier sort of came for you But I can't find it. I've got your Reverend Jones is online too here WQAM hello Speaking Bill yes, I have a tiger I have the tiger is good Excellent. Thank you I like that don't you? No, you don't like the eye of the tiger It's great in your one-ton soup. Oh, man. They will make your own ears get off well. Oh, please boy As time goes by you must remember this Remember that as time goes by play it again Sam Oh, I like a right with hungry bokeh on the know he didn't say play it again Sam I know he didn't say that that's not the point light Christmas being cross me Dreaming which inspires me to play like white Christians and all the other good bokeh Brambits we got today and honor the holidays. Quite Christians. I think it's KJ Is what KJ Or can I say play all him KJ bits today and then of course I want to make sure you understand which one we're talking about Godfather or Kind of a lovely Star Wars and star He said no thing no tango peho and La punta but in your your mama Now I'm trying to remember where to hold a got that from Was that wasn't the one from the movie right that was from the godfather. Oh, oh, I know you You brought that back from Italy or something like that. I did or John God also had Luis Miguel sing in that to remember that right But no no no that wasn't he wasn't singing that he was singing some Titan song Italian and we also had an Ricae sing in the Italian I don't care what language just singing and Ricky look okay to me We got white Christmas godfather theme. Oh, it'll put me know don't say thing moon river from breakfast Attivities with a great odd beheper and she's still dead day by day Oh, dear lord You know that was your suggestion not mine God spell I had the tiger and then now you know we're came to my mind doing a break Oh, I and I guess what guess during the last break. I looked up for Jesse Ventura on MSNBC and Didn't see his name on my program guide So maybe to give him like one or two shows they figured okay Jesse go uh get some new material and call us back in a couple years when you think you can do another show I mean I like Jesse Ventura But not everybody's a talk show host trust me you know what I mean Absolutely here's a good example for oh boy not everybody's a talk show It's all just even sure we like a lot better than more. Absolutely. Correct. We like anybody better than more even Barbara stress and even lies in Manelli Uh a movie that had great music and I can't think of the names of any of the songs damn it even on my mind is very sharp Like a moths of ball uh fame Right wasn't a music great in fame because who wants to go to an effin dance school anyway, Lee Roy? What he called that's does a great movie. It was all right wicked It was all right You know thing fame was a damn good movie. I like to find it. Let me ask you this question What's not to like it was a little gay Get out of here because there was one faggotter. Let me ask you to do thinking in a school like the junior at school of music What I was supposed to be with a music there's like only one gay student in there. It was a musical You see oh man, it was a musical it was not a musical it was a story was definitely not a musical Is he because of a song? No, no, you see a wrong and the I thought I know you're wrong. See them plan you use that expression in a musical all of a sudden like Donald O'Connor or Judy Garland to break out in song and Jean Kelly That that's a musical Julie Andrews, but this was not that kind of the the songs in here All part of the ongoing story lunchroom jam Well, they were just they were just a jam in and yeah, they were jamming on it I Like my favorite line from that movie besides nobody wants to go to an F and dance school Was and when he instructor was showing him how to hold the bow on a violin right and he said hold it with respect Right, he said you like my ballpoint pen You So There you go, same old good things again Look around you, all you see are a tanker standing the rice All they want is just a chance to win the loot Here's your surprise, business is about to suck The hill is filled the week is making sure You and you, what's that you say? Who is it? That links to be the sparking without today I didn't like that Just how he gets back to nowhere to do Somebody says how about from the graduate business Robinson, here you go, you want it, you got it It's on there Somewhere over the rainbow's got 18 votes Votes are coming in already Even though the list has got a long way to go As time goes by 15, the best song from the movies of all time Stay in the live 14, I like it White Christmas 14, and by the way white Christians was both a brand white native Is it? Got it El Padrino, godfather 11 The way we were 7, old time rock and roll 5, 1 10 soldier 5, how's that? I don't know If I ever try to get it, it'll be much much too soon Oh, I can't find it I don't want to miss a thing, aerosmith 4 I had the Tigers got a pair of moon members got one So we're building it As the film that's due to the looks of a hundred years of movie music How about some of the music from the son of movies When it used to tink a lot on a piano didn't you love that? Oh yeah Speaking of tinkling, are we got to get Reverend Jones on before 11 WDQIM How about everybody's talking from midnight cowboy That was excellent Thank you And have a great holiday Hi Everybody's but that's not the name of the song that was it I don't know, sing a few bars Did everybody's talking? Nelson? Hmm That might be it No Was that it? I'm playing it in my head Everybody's talking I'll put it down in the zap But I'm not really sure that's the name of the song I know the song she's talking about Midnight cowboy, and I do realize Oh and I'm glad she mentioned Midnight cowboy You wanted to know why? There's another example I saw right? Yes Why? Long time ago Why? Because it was on I was somewhere in it with the song Yeah See this is a guy that won't watch a talented Mr. Ripley Because it's a fag movie But he watched Midnight cowboy was... Here's a go I held a lot of faggot and I held it Mr. Ripley Yeah I even saw Cruisin for the same reason Oh geez Like Michael Jackson is not a piniotta speaking of fags That's the word for Michael Jacko's lawyer I'm not a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a woman who's a woman who's a woman who's a woman who's a woman who's a woman who's a woman who's a woman who's a woman who's a woman who's a woman who's a woman who's a woman who's a man who's a woman who's a woman who's a woman who's a woman who's a man who's a man who's a woman who's a woman who's a woman who's a woman who's a woman who's a woman who's a woman who's a woman who's a woman who's a woman who's a woman who's a woman who's a them out. Now of course they got her on a short leash. That miserable bitch. I just mentioned that in passing. When you wish your Pana star Andrew and Boynton thank you so much happy holidays to Andrew when you wish your Pana star got it. I want to tell movie was that from. That was Peter Pan. Yes. Was it? Yes. Really? Really? Good one. It's good to gay. Kyle's mom is a big fat bitch from South Park, the movie. What's wrong with that? Nothing. You could even play it. I could play it if we had time. In fact I'll just how about if I just play like, oh it's not in here. Sure it is. It is. Or maybe it's just under Carl. You see this is what bugs me about the way and I don't want to start in. Well, I'm fishing to make that fish to make it into the home. My body to do it. But some stuff is like under South Park. It's something that's under South and Slums. Then if you can't find it then you have to go like to cows mom and say, uh, you're a system when you try to tell. Who will? Josh will listen to instructions when I tell him something. Oh, what do we'll play the whole thing in the later? How about thanks for the memories and what was that? That was a song from a movie? I was going to ask you that. Bob Hope movie again. Thanks for your memories was a song from a movie. I thought it was his personal theme song. It was. Could have been a movie. It could have been. Well, see now we got a problem. I'm going to start looking at all this crap up. It's nine minutes before 11 o'clock. Which means we only have nine minutes to Reverend Jones deadline. Let me pick one here. Russia. Line five could be him. Q. A. M. Hello. Yes. Yes, sir. Good to fly now from Rocky. Now what about the theme from Rocky? That is the theme from Rocky. Is that what it's called? Yes. Thank you so much. Thank you. And have a great day. What is it called? Going to fly now is the theme from Rocky. So how do we want to put it down? Nobody's going to know that. Can we just put down the Rocky theme? We could put down none of the above. Ha ha ha. Now that will get a lot of votes. A lot of people like that. It's powerful. We're going to powerful. All right. Let's do things then. Well, let me buy that. It's in the movie. It's a movie. So it was a song. You heard that song. We play it everywhere. Sure. About you don't put a sporting event. So you don't hear it. Right. You play it everywhere. It's get it on there. Michael Jackson is not a pinata. That's the word for Michael Jackress. Laura Honleast of blistering attack yesterday. Vowing to land like a ton of bricks and anyone who be smirch is the pop stars reputation and charging that the kid sex rapid sex was fueled by money. Michael Jackson is not going to be abused today. Furious Mark Garigo. She's not going to abuse. He'll be the abuser. But he's not going to be abused. Michael Jackson is not going to be slammed. It's not going to be a pinata he raged during a psychotic LA press conference as he went on the offensive and I can't think of too many people more offensive than Mark Garigo's. Taking the gloves off all brother there's more plays that this is in the New York post. Wow. Taking the little Michael Jackson gloves off and I right Garigo's called the Jackson Childs Excandal Scoural Disaccusations and nothing more than an attempt by the accused's family to shake down the chain singer for his millions. Right. If that's the case, how come they went to the police and didn't just say like, hey, let's pass the note to the Jackson's that we want 15, 20 million. We'll take whatever you gave the other family. The Nameson's to you? Sure. Of course it does. All adds up. Australian Wade Robson, one of the hottest young talents in Hollywood and they had his picture in a story from the Harold's son. Hi, I'll stride you. Yesterday said he shared a bed with Michael Jackson. The Brisbane dancer who has a hit TV show in the US and three movie directing deal with Disney, said he visited Jackson several times that his never-line ranch in California. Now 21, Robson says it was an innocent relationship to begin when he was five that never involved any sort of abuse. I never had the experience. I hope it never happened to anybody else he said. Jackson arrested in Bokka, Yadi, Yadi, Yadi, Robson met the other Taylor in 1987 after winning a Jackson dance in personation contest. Over the years Robson said Jackson brought bought him instruments and encouraged him in their friendship that according to the rising star was always creatively based. He said let's work on this. His initial interest in me was because of my dancing. He saw the town in spark inside me and all he has ever wanted to do just help my career. He said, asked if he ever stopped in Jackson's bed. Robson said said, yeah, but nothing strange happened. Just because there were a lot of kids sleeping in his bed. Does that mean anything strange happened? No, no way. Any other secret room? What does that mean? You're just... paranoid. That's right. It doesn't prove that anything happened that it was didling anybody with plain little rubber rubber. Let's hop in the tuba and give a call to Baba. See if he wants to partake. Let's see. Somebody says, somewhere over to Rainbow, give me a friggin break. Everybody's talking to me, midnight cowboy. Then we just put that under everybody's talking. Have me or Bob me? I don't know. I don't know what I'm talking. Am I going to have to look these up now? You might have to. I'm getting too old-Ellisted and the gigantic book too. Man-esting is heavy. It's my bill. Oh, you know, it's not going to be in here. This is not the right book. You want to know why? Why? Well, because this is the top 40 book that never made the top 40. You think? I wonder if IMDB has information like that. Everybody's everybody, everybody dance. Everybody be dancing. Everybody be dancing. By the way, the song you were thinking about from fame. The biggest hit was fame. Ray. Oh, I can never remember that. I know it's too hard. Let's see. Everybody's got to learn sometime. Everybody's somebody's. Everybody's talking. By Nilsen did not tell you the artist told him. Oh, it's a go. I think he's a bit helper. Right. Nilsen. Everybody's talking. That's an image. Everybody's talking. Not about at in on. Everybody's talking. But the lady said she had it right. Right. Thank you, sweetheart. Then says Mrs. Robinson. Good to be at any ugly. The song. Oh, no, but that was a hit. See, you don't understand. I was in hit. It was a hit. So was the Star Wars theme. So were all the other themes that were well, let's look at the question again. What is the all-time best song from a movie? You're wrong. The Star Wars. If you're wrong, the buzz is going to go. It was a hit. They played it on their audio independently. The Star Wars. Can we put it on there then? All right. Star Wars theme. What's are you some kind of like anti-Semite or something? What's wrong with that? There you go. I think a loose scar and Skywalker was Jewish. And by the way, he's got a wife and a family, Mark Hamill. All those things used to say about him. They're good to bat in the ugly. Hugo, Martin Negro. That's right. Wow. Wow. And my country, we have no Negro. Right. I mean, I could be able to have no Negro's name. Hugo, we have Hugo, winter order. Can we get sunset? So at least, thank you. At least, it's a show. There you go. That could be the winter. The theme from shaft. Right. Right. It's wrong with that. Nothing. We all love shaft. I got that. And Jim says the best and nicest song from a movie in my view is the U and M song. Are we putting fame on there? I already stuck it on there, I think. Do you stick it? The U and M song by the wantedies from Romeo and Juliet. What is that? Never heard of it. The U and M song? Never heard of it. But that from that fake remake, Romeo and Juliet with Leonardo, the light bulb head. Yeah, where he was running real real super tight tights. My life and love is not the name of this sports video. My city is the way to weigh him. God. In theaters now, Star Wars episode one, the van's own studious early Skywalker. Anyone can open it? Mo two D2. Our wars, the Phantom's Dugious. It's 11.15.60. WQM happy Wednesday. Happy Thanksgiving to you. Here's one that says for your poor best song from Obooy. I know it won't get a lot of us. My old time favorite would be, burning bridges from Kelly's heroes. Okay. What? I saw Kelly's heroes. I sure don't remember that. Burning bridges. Mickey bridges used to grab a pump and a park and similar way in Orlando. How about adding Beethoven's ninth from Clockwork Orange? Well that's, I mean, just because the movie uses a old writing song. Come on, Clockwork, you can do better than that. And listen that bow tie a little bit. It's good to tie. I noticed that you're trying to rig the pull. And because contrary to my directions, you put on there gonna fly now, which at the very least, we should have rocky and parenthesis. All right. That's the name of the song, but nobody knows the name of the song. I mean, that ain't no. That's not the way. I was on there. Sorry. It was trying to be accurate. Not the devious. We don't want to be accurate. This is an erasure. We don't care about accurate. Do we? No. We don't give a flying crap about accurate. We just have a lot of dummies out there. We want to know what they're voting for. Nobody knows that's the name of the song. We got to call it like because he knows his crap. What? If they like it, they'll know the name of it. No, they won't. I don't like it. And I didn't know the name of it either. See, somewhere over to rainbow 27, Godfather, you'll put the renal 19. Oh, it's so he-mish. So on I have the tiger. Should we put in parentheses theme from like Rocky 2 or three or whatever? No. Stan Live 19. No, because the eye of the tiger was a hit song. I know. Jesus. K Christ. Oh, by the way, Jimmy Christ, they got his body in a box. But just a box. Stan Live 19. As time goes by 17, White Christmas 16. Let me forget White Christians by Volka Brian. Eye of the tiger's got 10. Everybody knows that song. One 10 soldiers got nine. Boy, like a five-nose people. Man, round them up. Mrs. Robinson ate. The way we were seven. Old time rock and roll six. I want to thought that way to done better. When you tired of it, they beat it to death. Dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, come on, let's hear the beginning of that one more time, Neil. Thank you. Come on. How did Tom Cruise go from being somebody that most everybody likes as such an asshole? Progress. I think it was that Scientology thing. Don't you? Oh, yeah, that'll do it. And I've fake merch in a cold kidney. That merch. Let's see. Everybody's talking from midnight cowboy. Queens, Bohemian, Morhapsody. What movie was that from? Somebody used the name of you came out on the out. Spaceman, David Bowie movie, Spaceman. Somebody fashed all this crap in here. Oh, I see. This is, uh, brother. What are all of these? What about that awful movie from the, uh, Titanic? That awful song. That awful song from that all my new heart will go on by my heart. Go on by the on obnoxious Canadian Celine Dion. We'd like to ship her out. Anybody want that bitch? Oh, God, why hate her. See, that's bad. There's just all these female celebrities and most of me. You don't like the Wonder Woman or like a second-wind, you know what? Yeah. Exactly. We were talking the other day about the black leaders that the blacks don't have any leaders. And of course, look what we got for a president. White tank on no leaders. Everyone have no leaders. Put a real woman in there like, you know, Janet Reno. Everybody's talking me and my arrow. I guess the Lord must be in New York City. What are we tying? That's also from midnight cowboy. Whatever. Oh, over 10. Well, we can't put all of these on air. We're not going to put 80 80 songs from the same movie on air. We'll have a list of hundreds and hundreds and airicals start like, he'll start shove it a food just out of frustration, just shove it at down before he even Thanksgiving day. By the way, Eric, don't overdo it tomorrow. Please. Okay. I mean, we don't like you that much, but you've been pretty good lately. But he may have wrapped City. Let's see, from the movie, Wayne's World. Oh, Wayne's World, Mike Myers and Dana Carvey. Yeah. But that, but see, and we're getting facts as long the same vein. They're taking movies that take a song that like came out 10 or 20 years before. Right. That's where I was just going to say because the song originally came out in 76 and they used it in the movie. That's not a song from a movie. So that doesn't qualify. We've got a factor from Dan and Louise. Thank you. The end that they used at the beginning of Apocalypse Now, which was already an ancient door song that just because they used it doesn't mean it's from that movie. What? But let me ask you this now. That very, I like what we do these pulls right. You can argue for like two hours because it kills good times. About what qualifies for the pull is if it really makes any difference. What about, for example, because it's a perfect example why you just said, stand by me. Penny King. Right. Because that was in the early 60s. I'm not going to look it up. The books on the floor. But, but the movie was just came out much later than that. But that was the name of the movie. How can you not use it when it's the name of the movie? That's a good point. Well, that one we got to put on there. Right. Exceptions when you feel like it. Stand by me. Would River penis, he's still dead, I think. Oh, now you're going to love this story. This should see there's no point getting excited. There's no point to it. Because Americans like being raped did it just like more, right? Absolutely. They like it. They enjoy it. Here is a classic example of how these grave robbers have to every everything that was for the rich in the ultra-rich. There's nothing for anybody else. A congressional compromise on how much of the TV viewing public a media company may reach sets the limit at 39% a seemingly random number that's not random at all. It means two media giants won't have to sell any other stations. That's how they arrived at the number. Instead, the 45% that they were trying to push. Viacom Inc. owner of CBS and UPN onstage. Any wonder why CBS postponing the scuffed off the showtime to Reagan? Viacom Inc. owner of CBS and UPN onstage. Guess what percent of viewers, George? 37%. 39. Oh, you didn't hear it right the first time. And newscorp, owner of Fox. Has stations reaching what do you say? 39%. Would you say? 37%. 37%. Both face the possibility being forced to sell some other stations out of the old guidelines of 35. But, now it's 39 or will be. They and the other network spot to get the FCC to raise the level from 35 to 45. The FCC with the support of President Bush did so in June. Opponents concerned the change of the law of a handful of conglomerates to control what American C. on TV. Urge Congress to roll back the change. Lawmakers listen but under a veto threat from Bush negotiated the compromise and settled on 39%. What a coincidence! Congress must still approve the agreement but passage is expected this month in January. It just shows the power of the broadcast lobby said, C. L. Vigo Wexler, no kind of C. L. Cruz, research director for common cause and advocacy group that supported the lower cap. It's an early Christmas present. Is what she said, over the via common via in Fox. And newscorp. White House Office of a Management Budget spokesman, Chan Colton said Bush believed the 45% cap more accurately reflects the changing media landscape and the current state of network station ownership bulkarting units, undue concentration in a marketplace. Why? The 39% cap was a reasonable compromise he said. Wow. The item was not in dispute for its hauling said. Top Democrat on the Senate Commerce Committee. All had agreed to the 35% cap. The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves and announced the compromise of 39. So that could pass if I their friends had via a com. Oh, what a pile of duty man. There you go. Public just continues with these stupid polls. How many times can you get raped? I read about 60 articles on his Medicare abroad bill, which is what it is. Not about Medicare fraud. It's a fraudulent bill. And there was there anything good about it? No. In any respect? No. Seven pines employees likely to face discipline or reaction for circulating email porn. Whatever you do, don't let me forget today because I've got a big pile. I got piles of size of a mouth rush more that pet groomer story from yesterday that you call me about. Oh, and I did I did put it out again from the Harold and I go on to forget about it because you know being the animal and dog weather that I am, that just makes me want a puke. Makes me want to find that guy. Let's see, here's a linda says easy rider and don't bogarth that joint. I didn't know that was for me, is he rider? Don't bogarth that joint is from easy rider? I didn't know that. We're not going to find that. Don't bogarth. That's what linda says put it on there. Don't bogarth that joint. I'll play it. Just make her happy. Andy and Miami says, what about the James? Oh, yeah. Good one, Andy. James Bond movie songs. Live in Leith die. I agree wholeheartedly, but Billy and Deerfield his facts you should have against it. Yeah, I can't wait. He, I think his nomination is one for the worst movie songs of all time. I don't have a year. Oh, man. Great choice, Billy. Uh, live in Leith die. Nobody does it better from the spy who loved me and gold finger. We gotta get gold finger on her. Live in Leith die, huh? Yes. And what about nobody does it better? There's nothing wrong with that. You're all the above. Let's get all three of mine here from Majam's Bond. Don't we have a song called No, we have nobody rips you better. By the time I get through the next couple of minutes, she is going to have to pick every scave off that Keep your head, put spilled body of hers, all right? With the great enema we are else beginning. So there we go. Thank you, Andy. In Miami. Zack says, love your shoulders and everything in New York City on the internet. All right. Happy holiday, Zack. Both you and George do a great job. Those freaks in my meeting to get a life. He suggests nine to five Dolly Parton. What's wrong with that? Nine to five. Dolly Parton. She's got big, big ones. Baby everybody knows that. Flange dance, what are feeling? From Fittluth, how a foot loose? I think flash dance is from flash dance. Flange dance is from flash dance and Fittluth is from foot loose. Yes. That's what I said. Okay. That's what I meant to say. Foot loose. Kevin Bacon. In the sun. Like Kevin Bacon. Nothing wrong with him. I can't find that movie again that I saw in an independent film channel, one day, where he was a star naked. He was flacking a right in the breeze. He came out of the shower there. Somebody will know what movie that is. Not that it was really there much to see, but he was making bacon. From a different sample, we're looking for the best song from a movie of all time. This could go on for a month, George. Hit, hit, hit. Okay. And then we can do the worst and use the same list. Yeah, the worst song ever from a movie. The song from a movie that you're most ambivalent about. If you never heard it again, it would be too soon. Somewhere over the rainbow, the great Juni Garland, you got it there, right? You got it? See, nobody under the age of 100 likes that song. It's not like it's not like it's so corny. It's so freaking corny. Wow. It's so beautiful. Although I do like you know, I like I like corn rap. What do you call that? They call it Indian corn? I don't know. I was in a different kind of corn. When you take corn and you wrap it in tin foil and put it on the barbecue, I guess you just call that barbecue corn. Yeah, barbecue corn in the cotton. Don't you just love that? Yeah. It's not like, it's like nice and almost black. You know, not that burnt, but like almost burnt. You know, right? There's good. Somewhere over the rainbow, Juni Garland's leading with 30 votes. Godfather, God 23. Well, man, I keep keep playing that. Oh, man. Come on, let me go. Let me go, let me go. I'm looking for dreams that you sing. Okay, it's not really. Ah, Dimash, Juni, Juni. Juni, got buzzed. Boy, she was great in person. She was dynamic. I could see was neurotic. You know, every song was like, you were afraid you would have an nervous breakdown in every note. 11 14 at 560 WQM, hey, attention audio horse racing fans, Pompano Park harnesses open for its big gigantic 40th anniversary season. The track features free admission, free general parking every day. Live harness racing in the poker room, open every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Poker starts at noon and live racing gets underway. And I think it's 705 in the PM, including tonight. And don't forget every Monday, that there's that big two for $25 dollar dinner special at the top of the park restaurant on the sixth floor. Every Wednesday like tonight at Pompano Park for the next month, the Hooray's rules will be a Pompano Park for dollar night, helping serve drafters and sodas meaning racing fans. You'd be amazed at what you can get for just $1 a Wednesdays from the Hooray girls. And coming up this coming Monday, December 1, the first free spaghetti dinner night of the season this Monday. Oh, right. For a forget bring your own teeth. Pompano Park also open every day for a Simon casting seven days and nights week featuring the best in harness Thurbrain Highlight action from all across North America for you to watch and plunge your guts on. Pompano Park where it's happening right now, a block south of the landing put a bar on Powerline Road for the new racing schedule called 9 5 4 9 7 2 2 1000 or check them out of the way that Pompano Park.com. Don't forget live racing the night first post time 705 in the PM. Ellen Lava, when she was exploited for reasons of the version of the evening news, and now Terry Shiboh is back singing holiday favorites the whole family can enjoy even if you don't have one. Oh, that Terry put you in a coma with this in shipping standard. Order your Terry Shiboh holiday seating to dinner and it's happy holidays on behalf of the owner list everywhere. I never got that fact she said had to worse the of all times. Oh, you must have the worst list. I never got that. I did get the one that said that said. That said. Yeah, come on. Why is that already? Oh, that's not it. No, this isn't wild out. That's young. So, not sure the site would qualify for your impulses. It doesn't have lyrics. Well, the good to bat in the ugly. I don't have lyrics either. Does it? No. But how about to saw you play from recleam for a dream? I believe it's called Lux A Turner. It's also been used in a couple of credits to the Lord of the Rings trilogy. She says Elmer actually has been using the first one to order the great video game. Is it's why? He go to the Rings video game. Is what he's been used. Oh, Rippo artist He's where Lord of the Rings ain't no reckoning for a dream. I can go back to his life on that. And Greg read to him. And won't that's your duty. Nobody like this is all. It's great. I like it a lot. I play. You're right. But people do know what this is called. Yeah. If I could tell you how I love any man, this song, that movie. I mean, it's just, uh, I don't care what you say. I don't care about the ending. What? Huh? I got news for the ending. He's better than Fargo. No, Fargo actually ended. What you know? Yeah. Like you have an ending kind of like just like that. Like with a look in a screen. Is the Chinese in and with like a look in a shmoor? Or it was there? You did not get the fact from billion to your field. No, pick up the ring on. Like voices bring them on. See how many of our people you can do. And how the snow, the snow, the snow, the snow. Why is up from Agnolia? Let's get that on their right away. Excellent choice. Thank you, Jason in my middle. Alright, put it on. How about your part? Way ahead of you. Are you already put it on there? Sure. Okay. Can I go back to the story about the cops with their email porn? Okay. 7 Pembro Pines police employees have put it for a sworn officers. We'll be disciplined for using department computers to circulate 8,000 pornographic and inappropriate emails between December and September police said. To the employees have been counseled in the past for the same offense police record show. The emails circulated among the four officers, two clerks, a part region of paratry is servicing others on a emailing list outside the department. It included graphic description and the pickings of nude women and men, ethnic and sexual jokes and sexually explicit cartoon. Alright. Subject lines of some of the emails warn that they are not appropriate for the office or for children, police documents show. They're not appropriate for your office. So stick them someplace else. Both departments of the email activity was not criminal however. So I'm tired of this crap. Okay. And not only that, but when we're in there doing your emails to kept them off the streets in Pembro Pines, we're usually out there busy with their radar with their speed traps, shooting fish and a barrel, making people's lives miserable and writing a lot of tickets. So let them do their photographic emails and cut the crappy idiots. That's wrong with you people. A woman says she was raped in real world house. San Diego police said yesterday they're investigating a 22 year woman's allegations that she was raped at it. In the ocean front home where MTV is coming the latest season of its real-world reality program. And we all know there's nothing funny about rape. Absolutely. The woman who's not a cash member of the TV show said she believes she was assaulted between November 14 and November 15 at the home which serves as the production area living quarters for the cast in crew. The woman told investigators she went to a downtown nightclub number 14 where she met a man who was in acquaintance of one of the real-world San Diego cast members. The woman told police she consumed a drink offered by the man and blacked out. She said that once she awoke the next morning 10 30 naim she was fully clothed on a bed in the guest room of the real-world house being filled by a camera crew. The woman had some pain in her genital area and believed that someone had sex with her while she was unconscious according to court documents. A person whose name was not released told a female cast member that the man who gave the drink of the alleged victim left home saying, I just hit that. I just hit it. I just banged it. I just did it. I hit it and I did it. The unidentified person found the woman lying naked on the bathroom floor. The person dressed her motor to a living room couch. The female cast member returned the home morning to November 15 soldable and on the couch. Cast member the unidentified person moved her to the guest bedroom. Well, at least it's supposed to be a real-world right? There you go. Ray Pappins in a real-world right? Oh man, facts is up the ass. What does that say? From Gary, I guess a bad fact. It says two songs for your pool. Oh the theme from love story. Right? Okay. Love story. It's only a little bit of a story. Love story and the suicide is painless from mash. Well, I never watched a TV show for I certainly didn't see a movie. The theme song, the one you know. Oh, so can we just put the mash theme? The mash theme? The mash theme? The mash theme? The mash theme? The mash theme? The mash theme? The mash theme? The mash theme? All right. Oh thanks for the memories. No wonder neither knew your eye. Neither one of us could remember thanks for the memories. It was from the movie The Big Broadcast in 1938 with WC Fields, Burns and Alan Martha Ray and of course Bob Hope. Oh yeah, I saw that when it was new in the theater. So let's put it on there. Thanks for the memories. Tell the nobody's going to vote for that except this old fart. But thank you anyway. Thanks for the memories. Thanks for the memories. Bob Hope's still there. He's laying around a bit. Oh, let's see. Good morning. Happy Thanksgiving. It says how about the song Shen and Doa from the classic James Stewart Civil War movie. Shen and Doa. How about the song Oklahoma? From the song of the week Oklahoma. There you go. How come you're fastest to me twice? It wasn't that good. I didn't mean to. Here's from Paul Simon. Who says by the way, art still doesn't use any deodorant. Paul Simon says Paul suggestions for movie theme songs. The greatest game. That's good. Okay. Magnificent seven is great. Like, nifes are. And the James Bond theme. Now what is the James Bond theme? Is that live in my time? No. What is the James Bond theme? I don't know what you mean. I know exactly what you mean. I don't want to hear it. I don't want to hear it. Okay, James Bond theme. Thank you. Are we going to do the break? Really? Well, I tell you one thing. You had a lot of pressure there. I thought this was going to be like Maple Leaf showed today. You know, the day before Thanksgiving, it's not. Don't forget we got a full plate for you here. A full docked, right? Absolutely. It's got the mad dog at two. You got, uh, what does that mean? Mad dog and Curtis. Are they like doing it together today? You know what said on the schedule? Mad dog slash Curtis. Okay. I don't know what that means. Anyway, Curtis is going to be sitting on Mad dog's lab. Hank Goldberg, the Huffleparet for, including the they've once that show it eight really because the game is a tomorrow. Panther preview with seven arranges at the Panthers at the Macarena 739. Hurricane's in Bradley basketball. The Vegas turning attend 30. Anycated a basketball game. Joe Markovadad and then tomorrow I'll be here 10 to noon. Don't abandon me. I know it's not going to be much in fact. Look at a schedule tomorrow. Mother go over later. Look at that. Yeah, we don't have too many like real people working. I'm not a fact. I think I'm like the only real person working tomorrow. You know what I mean? Absolutely. Real person. We got some Maple Leaf people. Hey, what are you having for Thanksgiving? One hour with the number one Asian buffet restaurant. I'm a toast to all the cooking for you. They'll be featuring a traditional Thanksgiving feast with all the trimmings. They have locations in sunrise, Northeastern, New East, New East, New East, and Pembert Pines with the right-mode tickets. Stark in mouthwatering eating experience with six different soup sample dozens of suck out on the entree. Like New York stripped me to order the gourmet center that sizzling Asian grill of featuring grilled shrimp, scampy style, their new seafood taste, jok. If that isn't enough, try their Jonas Stone crab and lobster thermators on a weekend. The Hancar Prime rib, their new Oriental chicken salad. The animal coast buffet promotes healthy living too because they don't use any crap. No MSD, no cornstarch. They cook everything with cholesterol free oils too. And the buffet features a full salad bar, sushi bar, fresh shrimp cocktail, and if you have any room left to be in, like bring a crowbar to shove in your pants and make a little room for that fantastic dessert station, featuring Belgian waffles, pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream and all your favorite toppings, and fresh fruit as well, even be heaven, watermelon, man. Airmode coast relocations for you. Don't forget a great Thanksgiving feast tomorrow. Sunrise at Pine Island in 44th Street. Collins Avenue just north of 163 North Miami Beach and at the intersection of Flamingo and Pembroke's and Pembroke's. So take the whole family or book your next business lesson right now, I'll size parties welcome. Let the folks at Emile Coast do all a cooking for a cook up of feast. Take out Olivia available too called 9 5 4 5 7 238 22 9 5 4 5 7 238 22 for the amazing unbeatable Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. On the television, the Michael Jackson interview Michael the cops are searching your ranch as we speak. Have you been having slumber parties with little kids again? I have to have for the day with me too. Who? Thousands of 1000s of children. Oh, bear. Killed in all over the world. Wow. I've been doing it for years. In Maccolic, Buckingham, Orlando. Kiri, Kieran, Colton with sequel this time. Maccolic, Buckingham on this side. This is in there. We're all just doing it all kind of crazy stuff. I don't know. I wouldn't say anything else until your lawyer gets here. You know, the cops are looking for videos of you naked with the kids. We have the footage. How about a thing? Rub it, just rub it, just rub it. Rub it. Rub it, rub it, rub it. Rub it, rub it, rub it, rub it, here. Let's happen the tub of 27 golden at 5 60 WC. It's just amazing to me. It's like things that are so obvious. Nullie energy that's expanded. It kills a lot of good time in Emileo. Look on the Larry King show. And all the other talking I chose. But things that are so patented like I'm looking out the window is the sun shining. You're right, China. Somewhere, including here. It's like it's like asking, I mean, asking is Michael Jackson of Petaphiles. Like asking is George W. Bush and asshole, right? Many answers clearly. There's no debate. Anthony says, when beneath my wings from beaches. And don't say nothing about that sequel because that's how people I do that about that. Some of the beaches get really pissed off. When beneath my wings got it. That Miller, I like that Miller. I hate that song. Everybody read that too. Oh, man. It just makes me want a barf. I just now the one overplayed butchered very to the ground. You want to know, it was very small to see the first time I brought a tear to your eye. And then it brought tears to your eyes for other reasons. Debbie says, the choice from Bush casting in the Sundance kid. Rain drops. You fall on my head. OJ Simpson. I mean, BJ Thomas. Right. What does the BJ stand for? Billy and dear field says, happy turkey day. The best song from movie. Well, it was Arthur's theme. Oh, there you go. Or between the moon and New York City. That's the one between the New York City. The first cross. What is the name of that song? Arthur's theme. Was that what it's called? Yes. I hate Chris Cross. Yes. I can't say, you know, I want to correct something I've been saying for years. Because it's, you know, I suppose to hate anybody, especially this time of the year. We're supposed to be nice for a few days here. The rest of you, we can be assholes and hate everybody, which is kind of stupid. But I do hate a lot of people. You know what I mean? Absolutely. Yeah. There's a lot right there. Explain it. Explain what? Elaborate. You said, do you know what you mean? Absolutely. He knows. Yeah. He finally caught on. Anyway, Arthur's theme. What's wrong with that? Why are you so upset about that? Because it's Chris Cross and Tom Hottes. And we hated. But this guy, Billy and dear fields, let us show our life. What do you want from him? I passed it along. It's a great deal. He likes it. He likes Chris Cross. Maybe he wants to do them. Who don't know is maybe Chris Cross is cute. I don't know. I doubt it. No. What is the all-time best song from a movie? Pulling progress. Eric, and I see Eric, we have another student quite a while. Of course, since you are going to be filling your face tomorrow, and I will be, uh, actually, you're the pull for tomorrow tonight. Um, just relax. I feel, I feel guilty when we do this to him because it's like when I apologize all of his time, but it keeps him away from the refrigerator. And probably his Japanese wife has to keep breathing. You know, oh, this is bad. I'm thinking of that Haraldo show you know what I got. I was like in the big bed, the 600 pound guy in the fan. And the fat family just can bring him all this booth of him. I can just envision that in Orlando that Eric is got his computer and his keyboard sitting right there at the side of his bed. Why not? Cross, cross, cross out of the hospital of course. That's bad. That's bad. He lost an answer to last time we saw him. He did he lost how many ounces? That's like a two and a half pounds or pounded. I almost two pounds. Why do I speak in a two pounds Katrina is doing her balance for life in Los Os seven pounds? Yes. She's doing great. She is a sweetheart. She's one of the really nice people in the building. It certainly wasn't genetic. And anyway, somewhere with a rainbow 35, the godfather, 28. I didn't know no godfather. Now when we say the godfather, I want you to understand because there's many, many different songs. We're talking about the love theme from the godfather, El Patrimo. So freaking small, see man. Make sure to make sure to cut the butter. At least don't blow anybody away. Wanna stare blowing everybody away? How about the theme from Debbie to Debbie does Dallas? Yeah. You put it, friends, all over the United States. I believe so. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I got a couple articles after read today. On. You're gonna read. Yeah, as in Greg. Every here, Greg, read. I got a daily corn article for later capital gains and cultures religious war. You like that a lot. And I got Robert Sheer, who made me one of the top five columnist in the universe in the LA times. He says for the GOP criticism is next to cowardice. I'm gonna read that a few minutes. It's in their both great. I hate to do that. I apologize, but I don't hate doing it. I like guys. Some are going to rain both 35. Godfather, 28. Stay in the live 25. I wish I had it. You got it there. Don't you? You got some beaches. Somewhere. I've been going through the CDs trying to work it out. How about Morris give us? He's staying alive? No. No, because they slept in the Mount Sinai. I guess he won't be going back there no, Mo. I'm telling you, don't go to Mount Sinai when it comes that time. You know, I just go out and the street and lay down on the road. As time goes by 24. Now that's surprising. You see, the reason I was a little hesitant to do this is because a lot of these are like for old farts like me, which is fine. But, you know, we're trying to like develop a younger audience under the age of 100, like maybe 70, 80 for the average demo. And a lot of these are old folks. And I don't really know like your like average 25 or 30 year old person out there, what songs they want? What movies they watch? See what I'm saying? Other than pornographic. But other than that, what are they watching? Whatever's you would have seen? No, I'm talking about when they go to like God forbid to blockbuster or wherever they pick up their grent or DVDs. What are they getting? What are they watching? What are they got? Whatever's out? No, no, I'm not talking about current now. In other words, you're saying that 25 and 30 year olds are not not a margin. There's didn't old movies. But the better you're talking about for the most of all they're a bunch of dumb rocks. Responding to commercials. You know how it goes. Are you saying the 25 and 30 year olds are a bunch of dummies? Yeah. That's probably good. Anyway, as time goes by 24. That's old. I bet you 48 would be my guess. 1948, Humphrey Bogart. Casablanca. You must remember this. Right. This was just my guess. I don't know. That's another part. You know what I'm going to do? I'm going to type in right now. Casablanca. I don't want to spill my soda on the day before things given. Never saw it. You never saw Casablanca? No, perfect record so far. I'm going to get through life without seeing that. Oh, I'm so sorry. I'm in historic. I did a Casablanca. No, that's not what I'm looking for. Never saw the Maltese Falcon. Casablanca hotel. I better put something a little more specific in here. My search in my Google search. Oh, Casablanca. Maybe you should have a movie? I think for that. You have one? You should have a thing for IMDB. Casablanca bed and breakfast in Nelson British Columbia. How come I can't find this goddamn thing? I have to do it during the break. That really pisses me. Come to Kabul, Captain Jacks. Forty toss up like a nine-bedrooms in the audio of the C. Of Cortez. Go to Mexico by the way. Nobody else ever see again. 42. 42. I think 42. Just. Are you sure? Are you sure? Well, that seemed like a little premature evaluation to me. 1942 and guess who was born at year. So what does that tell you? Oh, congratulations. They said play with it again, Sam. 20 till noon at 5.60. W if you have no forget we got the mad dog and Curtis sitting his lap two to four this afternoon. And I need another year. Don't bow guard that join my friend. That you don't round. Don't bow guard that join my friend. Just man that hold down. Whoa. I'm originally by fraternity of men and covered by little feet. I can't stand little feet. You like them big? Oh, I like them big and a feet too. By Elliot Inberg wrote the music and lyrics. Did you know that? No, I did not. And it was originally down the soundtrack of Easy Rider like that. Thanks for saying, well, there you go. I thought we'd kill some time when I'd like that. That's somebody else of course. Here's the fact that says, happy turkey. Can you feel the love tonight at the Lion King By Elton John? I can feel it. Can you feel it? There's a beautiful list. That's a good song. It's a little corny. And you don't like Elton John, so like on the turn. A lot. I know you don't. That song, yes I do. Anyway, there you hate the song. Can you feel it? I think it's pretty good. It's okay. It's small. You don't like small. I like old Elton John, not the new Elton John. I agree. Back when he was really, Well, a lot of big glasses. He was a real screamer. Like Carlos out there at the desk. Not that much of a screamer. Although the difference being we like Elton John, we hate Carlos. Here's a fashion where real chronic a Whitney, the bodyguard. He says these three suggestions from the Beverly's Hill Cup movie series, the Heads On. Can he logins? Now, what is this? I think it's Can logins. New Trondance. Plainer says busted Bob Seagr. What does that mean? The Heads On is a fine choice from all of us. But what does that mean? It's all of them people? No, no. He's leaving a whole bunch of songs and people. So let's just model through it. Heads On. There you go. Well, this is written so in coherently and you like, I see. I see. The Heads On. Kenny Logins. Well, it says I thought it was a sentence. See, new Trondance by the Punishist who's impusted by Bob Seagr. I'm reading it all together like it's because this is in coherent. Now, let's see. And I can't read the rest of it. Whitney Houston and I will always love you from the body. Oh, geez. Oh, man. Oh, boom. No, we don't think she even produced it. I'll say that. Here's a list from us as most in Effing's come back. And of course, we know that you are a salute. Correct. Up where we belong. Joe Cocker from Officer and a gentleman. Okay. Up where we belong. Remember Joe Cocker? Yeah. Just like you said. Help by the Beatles from the movie. Help. Don't you forget about me. It was simple minds from Breakfast Club. And so I got a life. Type all of these you realize. I think you're part. I'm typing all of these out. Good. Circle of life. Elton John from the Lion King. Is another one. Circle of life. Do you know that song? Yeah. It sucks. One line. Go put it on. Stop put that on. One from the movie is good. We got to the finitive one. Here's another one. My favorite movie song is just to be with a flash. It's perfect. Careful. Holiday stuff. Eric. Oh, Eric. I'll always look at a bright set of life. That's cute. What's wrong with that? We love it. Since I think you enjoyed playing this with the fans. It's a song for the fans. It's a song for the fans. I can really like you. I'll play that next to the break. I love that. You had to put that little bleep in it. Of course. But that's. The way it is. This is radio man. This is America. We're feeding the speeches. Just a figment of somebody's imagination. 560560. Pottenham. And forget the Robert's your article. Don't forget. And the David Corn. Somewhere over the rainbow is holding its own man. Judy Garland. You can't touch it with a stick. She is Dino Mike. Although. Yeah. In second place. And doing very nicely. If I can find the damn thing. There you go. And it's one thing they both haven't come to both very small to you. You've straight nearly small to you, right? You can almost smell the small tearing. I can feel it. You can almost feel the chicken fed. Just clogging up your arteries going. A clogged. Or the turkey lard from that. Right from that soda. That's from that soda. How many Q.I.M. hello? Hello. Yes sir. How you doing? Pretty good. This is Dave from my home. I don't. Listen. The name that's gone for Kelly. Kelly's heroes. Movie is Mike Curb. Congregation. That's name of the band. Oh. Oh. I hate the Mike Curb Congregation. They're much of religious nuts. And there were Centoni Orlando and Don. Hey man. Yeah. Me and my brother were a home with an interior. Excellent. He's a good kid. A task in a tisket. Let's jump into that bit of brisket. Hey. I got it. I got it. You're a brisket in a home stand. Oh my god. They're going to come and take your asses of wealth. Yeah. That's right. Probably going to be Lindsey before. We're going to smile on her face. How about the end from the doors. The box. Let's now. That's good. We covered that. We discussed that already. Yeah. The song that was a hit before long before the movie. Green braised, Sergeant Barry Sadler. Oh my god. You're going to make me commit so. Oh my god. That's great. Oh brother. God wait. It's still John Wayne. Yeah. Have a great turkey. Baby. Have a great brisket. Hey. What do you think? We got a request. Sure. How about the bagpipe. You got it. Thank you. See you. Bye. I'm sorry. Use it homestead. What I just pretended to be Jewish. Hey, they're not. We need Jewish. Don't go get it. What? Use that a lot of it. I would. That's you. Leave a man man. What a clown. The fact that he's leading me. A mom of the democrats and a florida. That puts the duh in florida. If a book of bridal pardon me for stealing that expression. The duh. You will leave a man in my ass. Talk about a death wish. Those are the same people of older for began. Somewhere over to rainbow 37. Yeah, they voted for me. Can they thought he was Jewish? Godfather 30 how many's the godfather god? I'm 30 man right As time goes by a by the way was 1942 Okay, I looked it up you were right a Casablanca 28 stand alive 25 White Christmas 21 Mrs. Robinson 15 cows mom is a big-fabbage. I'm gonna start right these down though. I got to play out a play cows mom A plane bag pipes right right and what was the other one? Don't bugger at that joint. No, no, there's another one No, I just got you saying it. I don't know. Oh, you see that's why I didn't write them gone thanks to no too bad. Oh, well It's way close Um I had the tiger 14 one 10 soldier 11 moon river eight. Wait, we were eight star wars teammate. Oh, but I found Oh No, that's it If you're in the desert, you're gonna be down to writing up a source You help the lead jack on the horse Old time rock and roll seven shaft six gonna fly now rocky six. He put rocky under now. They know what tell us song is the good The bed in the uglie five to song about mo I don't want to miss a thing for aerosmiths only got four votes nine to five dolly part would have big big gigantic hooters five Living that die three fames got three there's some other good songs. There's one called red light But then time or drink it all upset if we play red light, you know Well back in those days that have a different connotation. I say red light everybody like hides under the bed Supposedly they keep talking about all these elevated threats, but you notice they haven't changed it from yellow to orange We're looking bad for market. It's bad. I'm not just bad for the market. It's bad for the American psyche See under in the holidays the right wingers don't want to do that I see they're trying to say you not see a boom doesn't want to do that. They want to keep keep your thing And hey, everything's great everything's coming up roses. See you Allen wrote that by the way Yeah, he did He used to be a great guy Steve Allen you wouldn't know that now he's dead suicide is painless from match two Why's up Amy man. I love I love Amy man too when you wish upon a star two Gold finger two everybody's talking one the you and me song one Arthur steams got one see there you go You were poop pulling it probably the guy. The little who says one Kevin's making bacon Don't regret that you want one Thanks for the memories one from 19 to 06 loves to a one the wind beneath my wings has one And there's several of mine here don't have no votes day by day. Thank goodness. Nobody does it better has gotten none Why's that you think? Because some people are just better than others Great escape none magnificent seven non stand by me non how can stand by me? Have no votes Shen and doing on and day by day. I think we got that under twice or did you know just moved on me? How how that happened? It reloaded and it moved It's a whole bunch of that is zero, but it just moved on me. You know, I just had a major movement How can stand by me by the great Benny King have no votes even if he didn't like the movie? How can you not like the movie that's number one is a cute movie and number two how can you not love stand by me? I'm gonna find I bet you're gonna hear some more that's around What was the other thing I was for all of Bonnie Python? That's that you're very little help today you're useless wait till Josh starts Putting some right card on his armpits are running and dripping all over the place Then he might actually be some use then he'll put you asked the shame four minutes till noon at QAM But thanks for the memories and he's got a good choice the theme from blackboard jungle rock around a clock Happy Thanksgiving Alan happy guys how they's do Rocker out of clock billhailing the comments with that nice do in fact he had a better do than even more Early school girl page Johnny Depp ripped him off with that unfortunately That bad bad movie Which was called cry baby Make you see I got that blocked out of my mind especially since Johnny Depp has been declared by people magazine the sexiest man alive I don't agree with that, but he certainly in the top 500 Here's a fact from Steve who was on a great like about Greg Boudell. It's a good time for the great taste Neil this is noodles reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste Anyway Steve writes for alternative entertainment because I hate mojo Absolutely I have listened to Greg Boudell show and WJNA during these six to ten a mowers It's somewhat entertaining is enjoy listening to the old fart colors of color for freebies and what songs they want to hear big bands? It said that's a majority of his audience He's talking live spots for some liposuction surgery that he had done all of Steve Kane He also promotes Mitch Hirsch and has him on a year. Oh, oh, oh If you think I hated Greg Boudell in the past you just saying to hurt nothing yet. They all hate you Greg He's also using your Yiddish terms constantly how originally and as always he tells the audience about his past drug Additions re-hands, etc. And how he's the new improved Greg Boudell was wondering when that's gonna happen and last but not least Donald noodles that we just heard from his society kids come out of the closet. I wonder if he means that literally I say it's a good time for the great taste. I'm under what noodles is tasting. I was hoping that some of his old mature Of course noodles from Grow once upon a time in America would be embarrassed Was that noodles in the pick and the garbage truck? Yeah, the renewables in there and some chips. I was hoping for some of his old material But obviously you can't come out of the or up of the original idea. Thank you Steve happy turkey to you too Makala was a good fancier says The love theme song from Romeo and Juliet the old movie not the one with diapers is the one they're talking about sorry Don't know the name of the song, but there's no way I can hum it to you on paper. I think it goes like No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Somebody will know what it is. I wrote a love theme from Romeo and Juliet. Is that what it's called? I don't know. I think it how does it go? I Remember Leonard whiting where it knows the tights. Yeah, they were tight. It's uh The old lady who was a he was awful pretty, you know. He was just too pretty Leonard whiting. Yeah, really was pretty. It's one thing to be cute It's nothing to be handsome is nothing to be like I don't know, but he was pretty you know what I mean Pretty boy 567. Oh, I don't think you do know what I mean 567 on the whatever it is out of timeline Kyle's mom. We got to play and play in bagpipes. I and tomorrow I think tend to know I'm just gonna do all requests Hey, is that a good idea? Why not the whole why should I? I got to do the Robert's your article right now I know there's clothes are frigging frigging and bringing in front of you They're frigging frigging robber chair and ali time says a new ad questioning the patriotism of democratic candidates is dirty politics. He writes what nerve for president bush to question the patriotism of his democratic opponents? Two of whom are highly decorated purple heart and bronze and silver star veterans and all of whom have labored long to make this a better country But to tell of his dad's that if your public and party is running on bushes behalf and I with this week Does just that making the outrageous insinuation that critics of the president's policies are in fact supporters of terrorists Some are now attacking the president for attacking terrorists the ad states some call for us to retreat putting our national Security in the hands of others the ad urges viewers to tell Congress to support the president's policy of preemptive self defense This is dirty politics at its absolute lowest equating criticism with cowardice The irony is that the ad features the president delivering the 2003 state of the union speech Which has turned out to be an enormous embarrassment of admitted distortions including one claim Based on a forged document that Iraq was a nuclear threat It was in that speech that the president and taw that the imminent threat of Iraq so far Undiscovered weapons of mass destruction while implying that sottom who's saying collaborated with al-Qaeda on the 9-Levite attacks Attached that the president himself recently conceded was without foundation In fact the Iraq war has proved to be a terrible test case for preemptive self defense because the intelligence it was founded on his own Is so much loose sand If you say somebody is a threat and then it turns out that the art your preemptive attack is no longer self defense Worst though is general Wesley Clark points out is that the Iraq war occupation have been a distraction from the war against al-Qaeda I'm not critical of president bush because he's attacking terrorists Clark said I'm critical of president bush because he's not attacking terrorists If the president were serious about heating the lessons of 9-Levite the White House would not be refusing to send executive records to the independent commission That's trying to determine how those attacks were allowed to occur and white what might prevent them in the future Former Senator mass Cleveland a member of that commission is called a president stone walling Nick Sonyan Suggesting that bush might not really want the truth to come out As Cleveland a triple amputee Vietnam veteran put it in an interview with salon.com It's been painfully obvious the administration not only fought the creation of the commission, but that their objective was the war in Iraq And one of the notions that was built on was there was a direct connection between al-Qaeda 9-Levite and sottom who's saying there was not So therefore they didn't want the 9-Levite commission to get going they want to kick this can down past the elections a more ominous possibilities that the White House and intelligence records kept From the being kept from the 9-Levite commission Me and in diedtham administration for indifference to the problem posed by our solid bit laden's gang before the 9-Levite attacks We do know that the incoming bush team did not take very seriously the dire warnings passed on by president Clinton's outgoing National Security Advisor Sandy Burger and by FBI agents in the field the bush administration See more preoccupied with the war on drugs than terrorism even congratulating the Taliban for its successful drug eradication program Just weeks before 9-11 Furthermore the US failed to seriously confront al-Qaeda sponsors in Saudi Arabia before and after the terrorist attacks Instead we invaded Iraq The president has got a lot to answer for in his failed war on terrorism been lawed in the still a large al-Qaeda According to the White House as responsible for the series of devastating terrorist attacks in Turkey Saudi Arabia and Afghanistan Bush has managed to turn formally a secular Iraq in way hotbed of religious fanaticism while diverting attention from Afghanistan along the Taliban al-Qaeda to cleat back in Although Cleveland voted for the Iraq war authorization last year that didn't stop his Republican opponent Saxi Shambles will vote at service and Vietnam from defeating War Hero Cleveland in 2002 by using attack as the question is patriotism In those ads Cleveland's face was presented alongside pictures of Bin Laden who sane is if they were one on the same as has been famously said The appeal the patriotism is often the last refuge of a scondrel What would be truly unpatriotic and an abrogation of the responsibility to the American people is for the democratic candidates to fail to tick on Bush's record in Subverting the fight against terrorism Robert you who always writes a great call a high school in Bobby in the LA time Hugo Boy son our website Got a thumb right on it Some more over the rainbow. I'm shocked aren't you are you kind of surprised? Yeah, look I guess everybody if every age has seen the wizard of odds haven't I correct the old wizard mandatory wouldn't one for the a wizard Rain somewhere would arrange both 41 by the neurotic but wonderfully talented Judy girl and let's hear a little of it and is there anyone that didn't like it Wizzard of odds what's not to lie exactly what do we like best the tin man the mad hatter The tussure cat Some are the rainbow 41 the godfather ill put reno 38 as time goes by 28 That one surprises me too 1942 all the life thing now see to go back to what I said before I think that people of all ages If they go to a because it's so famous you know and even though they do have the mistake about play it again Sam which he didn't say that everybody has seen that Except you because of like a no Ain't gonna eat it and I think it's also ironic you know the thing about don't pull out that joint because it did become part of the language I was I was really an interesting thing on a website about that But he died of lung cancer see so I think there's like a there's a symbol as the present would say a sub-level message in there like I don't suck on it too hard Stain alive 26 white Christmas 23 cows mama's a big fed bitch 18. That's what I'm hearing this is robins in 16 I had the tiger 15 which you don't like for some reason. I think it's pretty good one tin soldier Which you do like and I despise has got 12 The way we were is got 10. I'm so sorry and then nine for star wars theme the good to bet in the ubly nine for that Moon River 8 rocky theme seven gonna fly now that a- Tadia shower unfortunately her was in that I looked at your shower, but it didn't said she was in that What I Shaved did you see it even what rocky yeah, yeah was okay rocky was okay Was it was actually okay yo Adrian I was surprised I was like monumental stupidities what a what I avoided it for a long time So freaking stupid man. It just makes me want to puke Yeah, shaft is got seven maybe can run for governor old-time rock and roll seven. I don't want to miss a thing still stuck on four from Armageddon Aerospace fame has got three mash theme and then whatever just single digits on a rest 12 13 at five 60 W. If your hair is missing if it's just falling out and chunks over the years And you wonder where to hell it went forget about looking for it. You ain't gonna find it But if you make one easy call you can find yourself a good hit a hair from suck out theory the natural hairline system the best looking piece anywhere in the world We've got about how many people we got plug-in hair things on here At least everybody in their brother now is giving you some of the dance about they're gonna make you look great And they're gonna drill holes in your head and stick a bunch of hair in there and they're gonna pull hair out of your ass and put it on your head Forget about that the natural hairline system looks like the real thing like real hair like it's been there all along grown out of your scalp That's the key as opposed to a dead farm animal flop it on your head. You know what I mean? I'm sure he would so here's the deal yet nothing lose but your balls but because Charlie will bring in give your free consultation show you how much better and younger He can make you look you wear the piece for 30 days if you're not just ecstatic if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells If you're not getting ahead like at least 20 30 times a day return it for a full refund and if you mention you'll watch is when you make your original call Charlie will not get another 200 bucks off the already reasonable price of his unbeatable amazing natural hairline system call today and get your hair back for the holidays and for the rest of your life Call toll free 1 800 3212413 That's 1 800 3212413 or Log onto it at Charlesoffere.com Why? And local We're sports radio 560s you a UAM Don't floss Hi there boys and girls Today we've been a very extra special friend starting by show us all about something really special I'm a little bit the door right now Come on in it's like man Ha ha ha Oh, already a laddy Hey brought by something I wanted to show you Oh, I wonder where it is It looks like it looks like I got the person a cutter That's me back boy Oh, you're bad. Hey. Oh, what can I touch you? Sure, look ahead Oh, it's run your hands That's that's so Hey, like you're a little bit Hey What's this right here? That is my ball pipe What do you do with the blow pipe? You blow it lad You blow You blow it Hey, you put your mouth around it on your blow Oh, can I do that? Hey, would you like to blow my pipe like it? Oh, can I? Sure, get it Okay, come on lad You got the foot your mouth around it. No, don't be afraid. It's not going to break I like like this Hey, that's a boy Stick it on the way down your throw Bigger Hey, it means you're doing it life Which looks this over here? That's me chandel What's what do I do with that? What you do with that laddy is you put your bow hands on it You cover the hole and you run your hands up and down the shaft real quick Oh, no, hey Hey, run your hands up and down there No, what you want to do laddy is you want to blow on the pipe You want us Squeeze the bag nice and gentle And then you want to run your hands up into the shaft real quick All together all at the same time Okay, here we go Good laddy Hey, just good lad Sure There's good laddy Keep low on Moharder laddy Hader Squeeze the bag Squeeze mom You run your hands up and down the shaft You pick the buso Run your hands up and down the shaft You blow You blow You blow You blow You do you play I'm up there Come on Come on Okay You're not looking at me After the catch me but I'm maybe You know, speaking of that This story that you just asked me from Rafiq about bush You're bringing his own food tasted to the panel Swim it was an England last week Yeah, fancy that You're never going to believe because you probably didn't read the whole thing just yet A bottom about dessert You see who Volunteered to be the food tasted for the presidential party when they brought delivered to spotted dick princess Charlie No, you're right. I didn't read that far anyway Rafiq suggests Elmer Bernstein's version of the magnificent 70 original everything I think we got that on there. We have that on there already. Yes. How's it doing? Magnum not well It's on her she better hold for let's see theme from the magnificent seven's gotten none got the big two better half on her in hold Rafiq get with it Can't believe that has none. It's really a pretty powerful song. Yeah, I think last time I took of it No 56070560 pond. I see I don't know we're gonna have any calls till two because everybody's leaving now even Reverend Jones didn't call them Oh, I know it's a staff already bail It's like you me and Josh and the power of the day Don't have Reverend Jones on the phone sir. That's the best we can do But we'll have a few spotty one boy you think it's bad way till Friday when you have to do the whole four hours I just got two easy hours tomorrow plus I'm doing the pre pre pre pre pre for play a dolphin pre game Because the game our broadcast starts at noon. Well, let me see something I'm gonna do the Dave once that show Yeah, I'm gonna tell me's an asshole and he sucks. He's gonna get canned when the season's over I am I would tell them that Now look we got Curtis Lenin flat. Oh, and I'm glad that I got it to this because why do we have I don't want to start pushing people around Especially since nobody's there anyway to listen to me after they would But Curtis is so good on the ear and I noticed he's out with mad dog They supposedly why don't they like use him and Dave Hagen since they both excellent on the ear and they know there's stuff Instead of big a lot more to like fill in those empty slots because they're actually like real broadcasts And they both speak like real English as opposed to like that Spanish baby talk that the big goes speak But anyway, I just think an out loud Curtis Lenin flat will be on a bar between five and eight and a moa slot of salute be a big improvement Beast in Zack 8 to 10 Well, I'll be on 10 to noon. Then we got Dolphins count out a kickoff at noon The game don't start till four which I'm sure most of you know that Dolphins had Dallas and then we got hours and hours of a that football cramp so I'm only on two hours tomorrow and all it can say that is Good actually does it make what even on a bother coming in I said sure why don't I where am I gonna go anyway? So thanks given here. We already had our Thanksgiving way ahead Push brothers divorce reveals sex roms. Oh my god Neil Bush younger brother president Bush detail lucrative business deals and admitted to engaging in sex roms With women in Asia and a deposition taken marches part of his divorce from now x-wife Sharon Bush These are the people gonna bring just these and see and and civility back and you know respect Back to politics and work the whole Bush family the Bush plan Columbna right The figure towards p George p junior All of these people The daughters Cornelico documents destroyed Tuesday yesterday Sharon Bush's lawyers questioned Neil Bush closely about the deals Especially a contract with grace semiconductor manufacturing corp are from backed by jang Myeonghang the son of former Chinese ministers. I mean that would pay him too many dollars and stock over five years Marshall David this is the same deal bush by the way from the silver rado as an else scandal And he's still making all kinds of deals we live in dealing I had rather have Billy Carter back myself Marshall Davis Brown lawyer for Sharon Bush Express B. Williaminist why gracewood one bush and it's such a high price since he knew Basically nothing about the semiconductor business you have absolutely no educational background in semiconductors do you ask Brown that's correct Bush 48 we spotted the march forth deposition a transcript of which was read by rotors after the Houston Chronicle first reported on the documents And you have absolutely over last 10 15 20 years not a lot of demonstrable business experience that would bring our company Investing $2 million in you I personally but objective the assumption they're investing $2 million in me said Bush went on to explain new a lot about business and be working in Asia for years Do a lot of monkey business Scoring a lot of hot Asian babes is what he said here you go It has bringing civility they're bringing all of this good stuff morality back to politics and Washington to White House and Tallahassee would a banjo underneath It'd be even bringing Freddie Cannon Freddie boom boom cannon to sing about the Tallahassee Lassie Who Freddie Cannon all right a Palacades park Yeah, just like that Kind of like that Okay, let's get back to these movie songs with showy got a lot of fish to fry here WQAM Hello, yes, sir The greatest song was when you wish upon a star by Jimmy Greg head come on We got it don't we have that on there. Yes. We do we've handed on there for a long time. He's got any votes When you wish your pana star got three votes Three votes so give it what full Just spat me another one of these says from Henry for the pull I'd like to suggest to song Danger zone for the movie top gun. How does echo? I Danger zone danger zone state hell out of the thing. I don't have what that is also including our class our debate is to sit in people The city Liani one of the change the town name of Collione because they miss perception I'm happy if ties through the garbada you ready for that you see a lot of people out there think that don call Leonie that it's just the name that they made up, you know Right Collione it's in Sicilia, Sicily. I tell you before you die you gotta go to Italy If there's one place I'd like listen to me everybody not just you and one time I started recommend to everyone in a world I know a Amsterdam's exciting and a lot of the drugs and sex and sex and drugs and Germany's a lot of fun And a lot of good food and sex and but I'm telling the Italy's where it's at man Roma Roma the aroma The aroma in the aroma I am just telling you right now You know me I've been around I'll have some bucks some day maybe When's that why's that I don't know why's my I'm got some bucks. Who knows? Well, and why wait? Why don't you wait? All right, I'll visit a hawk Let's get out with it right now. I was just thinking like more like let's find out she's got it Because they're way to do that. Oh, she's up in the mountains a lot you know what I mean? I'll Present you the what do they call it when they have the what do they call it? You'll be a character witness. No, no when they read the will what do they call it? A witness? No, no, no, not the person while when they have the thing when they destroy your reads the will There's a name for that You got me I think they call it the moment of joy. Oh, if she got any money if not There's a name for that 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T line trust me. We'll get more we'll get about 100 more of these movies songs on here There's only about 40,000 Do and well. That's got the 21 votes already. How do you like that? Yeah 1233 at 560 WMU will thanks me this thing about Titi a Corleon in it didn't come out it just is what's in the name in Corleon Is Titi that's is the line and that's it. Wasn't meant to be what do you mean by that But you can fact it again. I guess I mean some of the stuff used facts twice. I wouldn't wish on Hitler, okay? Or even on bush Well speaking of that. Oh, this really bugs me this story about the pet groomer And I use that term very loosely It's been more than a month since 16 year old spike a miniature poodle died the day after he left a well-mannered pet grooming salon A month before that pandabera Persian cat suffered a broken leg of the same salon her owner says the injury is left her with a limp On Monday of this week Mark Goldstein 51 of plantation who owned the now defunct happy pause that's P.A.W. Z Surrended to authorities to face two charges of animal cruelty resulting from those cases The news was welcome to Brian Butler and skip geals spike owners and Carol Seamus was that shamish Whatever that is who owns pandabera Seamus that her cat was injured on September 12th spike the poodle was dropped off at happy pause October 15 was bleeding from the mouth when Butler picked him up that day Butler told police When Butler took spike to the beddy discovered spike had fractured ribs Contusions on his left lung and a tooth sheared at the roots according to a will-mannered police reports fight died October 16 I think he did the right thing by turning himself in said Seamus of Orlaterdale unfortunately my cat suffered for months And had to have two surgeries in a pinneler legs said Butler I hope he wroughts in jail. It's where he belonged Goldstein's attorney Russell William said his time will treat not killed at the charges and feel sympathy for spikes owners He's devastated the William city couldn't believe this is happening to him. I think he's a condo compassionate man right Goldstein been a pet groomer since 1998 when he said he ran happy pause on Wilton drive for three years until his lease expired in October What was that interesting is lease expired and so did spike? Is that incredible or what I'm not will Manor's police sergeant Pete Biggleson said Goldstein to cloud to give a statement to police He's Seamus is so goldstein saw small claims court to cover the veterinary and bills about 18 and a bus She said Goldstein home she had known for more than two years said he'd pay the bill But is not sounds like a case for judge duty that part of it. I'm sure Boy, as we have my spirits of my two thousand let me give you a little piece of advice Ghost don't be dropping your pets off on any strangers. They really know I'll hold a lot about And even if you've had an area in recommends see my veterinarians since I'm never gonna use her again I can just rip her an ass He reminds me of doctors in South Florida a lot of times I get in doctor thing. Oh, this guy's really great Or you know the best and then after realize that they named near curduous. Maybe they weren't quite as good as I thought they were And the same when you're veterinary and recommends oh well this this surgeon over here needs to do an operation and tiny's leg And this one needs to do an operation on when he's ears and now And what you can find out is they're all in bed together. They all have their asshole their bunk butt buddies And so when you recommend a place to board your animals take your pets and run Scream yelling and carry on like just run for the hills And we'll ever ever let them touch your pet again. Are you ever see it no more? That was the beginning of then for an interesting enough both my dogs and buddy your little over your part, but that was it Bording for a week in a place where they treated I don't want to go in it two grow testing gruesome as best now Thanksgiving 5 6 7 0 5 they're lying one I notice is still look at that The euro goes on it says leapy lead little arrows it goes on to do nothing. I just mentioned that in passing and I'm sure that there are no engineers around And other we got how heavy duty holidays Thanksgiving and Christmas and Chinooka New Year's that means nothing's been a good done for weeks and weeks and more weeks Who else here though? Poolyo is there yeah, what's he doing there? Stop by to say hi for the holidays apparently is he still there back in town of visiting family. He's not in the studios Here, I just saw it in the hall good man nice to see you holy or even by long distance He misses it up here. I'll guarantee that he loved it. What did you QA in hello? Yes I mean Those are their man and then that song he says I'm going away the sun keeps shining through the porn ring Right, that's not Was there anywhere on that gray-hound the gay-hound bus hug headed for Florida? Hey, you we repeat your poll. I didn't hear your poll of the poll press you're pretty cool. The poll is what is the all-time best song from a movie? 2001 station out of sees that on there. That's that's a good one. Thank you Just calm down. That's a good one, right? The spake is out of the story. Give her you ever like singing the lyrics sure 2001 spade I like that and that's good and certainly played enough everywhere everybody in their brother who's that also In sporting events remaining dramatic happens like the end of the world then it'll be playing that That's a good poll question when the end of the world comes to they play 2000 amount of space Odyssey the theme from Rocky or I got another great idea Well, it's because it's in the spirit of our radio station Right yeah Oh my god All that Gary Glitter is Is not cool. It's especially than portal pictures in the case I Don't think he was doing no investigated reporting like the who guy who was a p-touchin? Yes He wasn't doing like no investigative check and things out like Pete. Well, how do you know? Well, maybe he was or maybe he was like a fine in a friend's for Michael Jackson Well, you can't say that you can't be saying that because Mark Garagosa's on the war path baby He's got come down like a ton of bricks right on your ass if you even start taking bad stuff about Michael Michael motorcycle Even though we all know it's true and Latoya said years ago what kind of a freak what kind of a 35-year-old man Sleeps with little boys and sleep 30 nights in row with the same kid huh in the same bed Anybody buying it Not with a brain except those sicko jack-o fan fans out there You're the cousin of the for I mean the uncle I told you was on King last night one of those shows It was talking about the fact that the family got death threats When that case was going on death threats Yeah, because like I mean you think that like you maybe Alice Cooper or Merrill and Manson one of those some of their fans would be like a little out of controlled you know I'm saying Michael Jackson that only he's got an army of like very militant asshole followers out there who are like You know, they got their glove on the hand and they're foot up each other's ass and they're not gonna take no crap No, no moonwalk over and kick you ace 2012-560 WQM were basically alone Welcome back to the smigmov another victorious firing thanks for the more how an inhibition Oh What kids with the crucial Rochowat Are you in 78 and I'm an old you why you my here's not back from the tailor yet. Yeah suckling Yeah, I'm having it a him Besides it's it it's now it's today why you haven't even noticed my big baggy low crotch pants Yeah I choose to That şeyler rate yeah, more room for my sales I do had four to game Thanks be one a single clean bleed primoic a green bling Lincoln I'm gonna have me a hypnotic an insanity Helloiniz<|haw|> Jackie Cooper Am I ciao man? I gotta do what teddy do What did he Bang clan and he don't the google mer somethin And we we beg on a gooo gooo pen. Said that puts my schizo to the middle of my ischka bibl. I got more of that record bingser than the mitsikator. Mizo mizo mizo mizo grab it on my ball. That ain't whole of the stuff. I want to die. 25. Go ahead and go to you give our permission now. Phil and Carl Springs who I have it only is in a bad mood for the holidays. He wants the nitpick with all our mistakes. He said everything's coming up. Rose was written by Julie Stein and Steven Sommeheim for Gypsy. But what's the song I'm thinking of? Steve Allen wrote that Steve Lawrence and E. G. G. or Maysang. I don't know. I thought it was up a moment. That's right. That's right. That's a moment. Everything's coming. She shouted it. Yeah. She shouted it up. So Steve Allen had nothing to do with it. Well excuse me Phil. And if that isn't bad enough, when you wish upon a star's not from Peter, then wish we both be there was that mistake. It's from Pinocchio, which he's right. He's right. So nice going Phil and Carl Springs are only able to do all day. Don't choke out of his phone and quit the correctness. They don't like the nipickers. Now speaking of correcting people, it's my turn. Because somebody unnamed sent you this facts and here's Phil Collins against all odds. We want to put that on her. Is that the name of the song? Yeah. Well I'll find a white man. And that's the name of the movie. I thought the song was called Take a Look at my Cow or something like that. Take a look at my ass. Let's see. Phil Collins. Uh, against take a look at me now. Right. The name of the song is against all odds and in parentheses. Take a look at me now. Oh, the title song from against all odds. So against all odds has been a plus the other things too long. Okay. Phil Collins. Little monkey. Step on it. Before it's too late. Step on it before makes a big comeback. Now somebody writes unsanemality. Well obviously the thinking of the movie goes with the obnoxious Patrick Sleazy in it. I have a bit of a to news to you. See, that's another classic example what we were talking about. Right. So as that were big hits. And of course I'm sure that they think that the hit was the righteous brothers. One of them are more than piece. Which one died? Bill Medley? Probably half. Yeah. The hatfield. The hatfield then. McCoy. So be coy. But the fact that a matter is that even that wouldn't be appropriate because guess who we recorded originally. Al Hitler. Oh, Dick or record. Al Hibba. Oh, my love. My darling. I've hung up the boy up. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Now the fact that I found that is so scary to me that it just it's just enough to be one of plots, you know. I can't believe it. But I found it because Vokabrine did put it. I think it was when Al Hitler died. I do believe he heard to go. Because we're really big on people dying on this show. And he put this together. He was like a compendium of Al Hitler's greatest hits. And I was one of them. I don't want to play anymore because it's crappy. He was okay in his time. How many years ago? Do you believe me? Nope. Al Hitler. Let's see. You'll never know. And back here at a bigger hit. It's not even on here. Nice. Go on. Boker. Brian. You idiot. Like I said, if you're going to give me Al Hitler, it's giving me the big one. 560. I'm so glad I stumbled out of this today. And I've been holding it back. Hold it back. What else could we have done on a day before Thanksgiving? You got a response like this, you know. I don't know. Nothing. Almost we do one of our hate polls. Like who do you hate today? That's always big and soft Florida. WQAM. Yeah. Hi. What about the public? Speaking. Neil. The movie was Kevin Bacon was the naked shower scene was wild thing. Wild thing. I said a couple of months ago. You're right. Great movie. You're also wild thing is a matter of fact. I'm sorry for your poll. Morning after from the side of the adventure. Good one. Gobble gobble. Thanks a lot, Pally. Good morning after. Okay. Do the morning after that was. Don't tell me. Who? Marine McGovern. Oh crap. I knew it. And she can't adjured. No. Here's the article. You made up for the other one. You texted me about 75 times. What's it a name in quality only. Sicily a lot. It's just quick. What comes to mind when you hear the word. Coralione. What comes to mind? Mama. Mama. Yeah. Local lawyer Anthony D. Lorenzo began a signature drive yesterday to change the... ...Arenzo. Oh, and I see this. This is chopped off to change the name of the town south of Plerma made famous by the godfather. Books and movies. I'm being uploaded. Bains or lobby and I cyber leaks. Of the 70s. He thinks enough is enough. I'm not to see his name change to protect the innocent but not everyone agrees. Why would you want to change the name for crying out loud? Right. Kind of nonsense is that. Right. You're not a traitor. You broke my life. You broke my life. You broke my life. Let's go fishing. Play to see if you actually help me. What was worse when he was either when he was hanging out with El Pacino? The first time? Attica. Attica. Or when he was in a boat fishing. Either way. Same result. He's dead now to what that was his name? Oh, we know. We know it was name. What was it? It's John something. John Cazal. That's it. God, I'm telling you. I'm going to go to the track. I'm going to go to Mohawk. Man, oh man, am I sharp as a marble? Some people come all the way from company such as Denmark to give me a mirror here so they can get married in a mafia town. He told Royad is by phone. It's an historical list that we have to cure as an honest citizen. I can't tolerate this kind of stuff. If this is the problem, then we have to change the name you saw. I'm making some of this up because it chopped off on a right hand margin. Corleoni was made famous in the city of the world by Don Vito Corleoni. Played at different ages by Marlon Brando and Robert De Nero. Robert De Nero. But it's the real life birthplace of a number of top mafia bosses who the russe who's roofed was bloodlet. He made the film, uh, Pamela and when significance by comparison, I think is what it says here. Is no way you think it says something like that. Something like that. Do you know who I am? No. I'm more green. I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders. Look a brush. You should have fishers. Okay, Kanda. They include Totorino, who were the mafia supreme until it is arrested 1993 and is heir apparent. Uh, something rather Bernardo, some greaseball because the name is chopped off. Who's been on the run for four decades. He said the runs. I guess he's making up for that guy in India who never does it be him. This guy's been on the run for four decades. De Lorenzo said Corleoni should be referred to its early year name, Corleoni, Lionheart. Well, that's not even Italian. Is it C. O. R. Sounds French. No, no, it is. No, it is because it's a Cord de Leonie. Which is what it was. Maybe it is French, which was what it was called a long time ago. He wants an historical commission to decide. This is pure folly. Total rubbish said mayor Niccolo Nicolosi of Corleoni, Toledrodo's by phone. Corleoni and his people must take advantage of its fame to seek positive things, such as this fight against the mafia and something else. Our notoriety can up our rebirth he said. Even some of the most active anti-mothic campaigners have ridiculed. De Lorenzo scheme. Yeah, don't mess with success. Okay, baby. Otherwise. I want to make a man off again. Exactly. 5.6. 0.5.60. I'm telling you, man, it's in your blood. You can't get it out. You can't wash it out. You can't even shout it out. How about shout, shout, not yourself out by Ernema Rescoz. I don't list. No. WDQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, this is a deputy QAM. Yes, it is. Okay. I was just trying to get ahold of the ill. You're speaking to him. Oh, yes. We don't, we don't explain this because we got to know producer who sweats a lot. He's very nice. Okay. I'm sorry. I mean, do you come out here? No, that's the idea. That's the way we play the game here. I'm sure we like to keep everybody on their toes off balance a little bit. Like a barrier. Okay. No, you know, I brought up a goal finger with Shirley Bathy. Right. She actually was one that did two songs. I think the only first that ever could do songs for the James Bond. James Bond movie. It's right. And I also wanted to bring up a bit of her and Well, that was pretty much it. Ben, was that with Chuck Heston? He was son of a bitch. Yes, yes. He was having a bunch of fun. But the theme song, and any John Barry movie that you know, Albert Hitchcock had there was also fantastic. Okay. I'll figure word for it. Have a great holiday, Pally. Okay. You too, Neil. Okay. He was a little bit nervous like Josh. Never the less. What do you say, John Barry and Alfred Hitchcock are doing it? I think that's what he said. How can you forget? Oh, yeah. Oh, we apologize again. Forget about filling them up, Gates. Yeah. Dolling banjos from deliverance. Oh, are we stupid or what? Are we dumb? Are we stupid? More on here? Yeah, we apologize. Well, look at it on. We got plenty of time to vote. What? Already got two votes. That captured the Yahoo mood perfectly. In fact, that's the beasley family of theme song. Hmm. It also says, I think that Grape in our Herman composed several great themes. Most notably Psycho. I don't remember the theme for Psycho. You don't? No, that wasn't the theme. That was the, that was the, that was the Chao we're seeing. Yeah, let's see on the music. I recall from it. Poor Janet Lee. She's still a freak down. The day the earth stood still, Cape Fear and Taxi Driver, Not to mention the theme for TV's Twilight Zone. What was Twilight Zone at movie? Yeah, but that would be back because it was a TV show. So it's happy. Thanks for giving you and George. I know candidates in different day, but so that's right. It was a month ago. We're way ahead of you. Okay, here it is. George says this is the best facts ever. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. My favorite of all time is the love theme from the Texas Taints on Massacre. Right. Here we go. It says it was the song. My x-wife and I first danced to. Now she's dead. Ha ha ha ha ha. I wonder how she died. Oh, yeah. But there's a problem of this. See again, they don't, they don't get it. And we did put, did we put stand by me on there? I forgot, did we? I think we did. I don't think I was doing votes. But this is as C of love. Now the only problem with that is now that was that even the movie, right? I don't know. What? I don't know. Was there a movie? Or was that from maybe that was from the movie with what's his name, Al Pacino? Maybe that was in that movie, the Senegal Woman. I'm trying to think was it because I never saw it if there was. But I know what they're talking about. There was the Honeydrew Bridge did C of love. But that was the original was Phil Phillips in the 60s. Sure. Let's see. See of love. Phil Phillips with a Twilight's 259. Vell Shannon 82 and 85 of the Honeydrew Bridge. Now let's look about, isn't any of those? What the hell movie was that in? I don't know. Dan, Dan, Dan, Dan. I'm thinking it was in a set of a one. But it probably wasn't. It was probably a movie called C of love. Well, somebody will know. What do you think? I could look it out. 1256, the Mad Dog and Curtis are going to be doing it together. You want to hear the audio from that. That'll be 2 to 4. The Humphorid 4 and boy, we got some heavy duty stuff. We got the Dave one statue at 5 because the ball game is tomorrow. And Hank is going to say, hey, Dave, you think you're going to get canned or what's it. You think we're going to be nervous if you want to pull that out of your ass against the reds. Going to get some girls team on Sunday. You think you're out of full out of your ass, Dave? And of course, if they get blown out tomorrow, Dave, I was probably will happen. You think you're jobless to hear those are questions we want to hear where Hank says to one statue. Then we got the Panthers game to Panthers and arranges the macarine and pre game at 7 game time 7 30 tonight. 5 and a local, this is 560. 3 is on your own. Oh, my favorite republicans. This is Mad Dog. And it's time for the skills back up loading. It's time once again for the Neil Ray. 1 to 2 hours. The first king of blockbuster hit pirates of the Caribbean followed by hunted mentioned. And now this means studios, because of another exciting film based on a old park ride. It's Michael Jackson's Captain. He's old. He's old. He's old. He's old. I think what I'm going to talk. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Oh, can you go? They're handlers. Okay, here I come. Oh, I'm not being right there. We have a warrant Mr. Jackson's in the cell phone. Oh, get the escape card ready. Hi, I'm on my card. Did you hope the escape card ready? Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry now. Oh, I'm not. I'm standing here. Oh, Michael is not paying us. Oh, my God. Michael Jackson's thighs in Captain Heal by a ticket to your theaters soon. He causes rich. So he must be better than us. Anyway, I'm we're all over the place with this stuff. You know it? Yeah. See if love was the name of the movie. And Al Pacino was in it. So I'm getting confused about that. Right. And the problem is if we put on there, if we don't put it on there, we already put the what you call it on there. Stand by me. Right. And I think that the judges are going to probably come down on our ass. I don't think we should put it on there because I love the original one. The club's was long, long love. So forget about that. Democrats promised battle on ownership. Democratic lawmakers vowed to fight a compromise between the what house and commercial Republicans on that media ownership limit bill, calling it a backroom deal. Senator Byron Durgan, Democratic North Dakota, ripped Republicans for tickering with a bill. Already settled on by house and Senate Comfories. They were going to like buck the president. They were going to stick with a 35% can't. He says this will order mind the entire process of appropriation conferences. He said. I intend to continue to fight the overturn of the camp. And there you go. So they're going to like work on it. And then they'll be outnumbered. They'll push it up to 39% and buy a combo. Continue like with their own and that's it. Let's continue going. Now Bridget have ever acquired. What's that was the name of that song? That was my name of the song. I. What's what's the name of the song from the bridge number of or whatever. I was number one for 27 weeks on your head parade. According to this, it'll be one can. I could whistle it for you. But I don't know the name. Yeah, whistle it. That's bad. That. That. That. That. I don't know what that's called. It's definitely not the, I don't know what it is. It's not called Bridget or the Revolt Quiet. No. Dale from Palm Metal Basis. There was a movie called Unchanged starring Crazy Legs. Herst released 1955. Unchanged Melody was the theme from this movie. Ah. I guess we better put on shame melody on there. I. Okay. Because obviously 55 was the original by Al Hibler. I'm Decker Records that I played only moments ago. And if you think I'm playing it again, you're nuts. Let's see. It says Ray the banjo boy from deliverance. I thought you might be interested in this story from the New Yorker to remember 17 issue. Also an interesting article on Wesley Clark at a submission of the Stephen Verl Beach. That's Steve. The reality. Where's the article? You never said it. Oh, and here we go. Thank you, Phil. No, I think you were a lot sharper than we are. Okay. Your sharp as a tack and where sharp as a guy then bowling ball. Steve Allen. This could be the start of something big. Now, everything's coming up. Rose is not the same. Is this could be the start of something pretty close? I was confused those two songs. So excuse me, but he did write that and then Stephen Eady. I'll record it. Remember Stephen Eady? But wait, never tell you the sea Lawrence's brother was the elevator operator that the track. You know what I'm actually thinking. Oh, man. I'm telling you, man, nothing like it. No, trust me. I know all about it. Is this Yerkel about the banjo boy? I said it. So I heard his I got it. Billy Redden is synonymous with the singular type of movie role the banjo boy. He definitely is kind of the beastly. He's made no mistake about that. So he got a start of the 1972 film deliverance which followed four urbanites on a canoe trip through World Georgia as they were trying to get to entry up the Kuhullabase river. After a bit of exposition the film really begins at backwards gas station where Redden as Lani sits with a banjo on a port swing, arrestingly still his pale flat eyes and stony face those of a fledgling buzzard. On a casting call at the local Clayton Elementary School, the filmmaker's a chosen man for his insular look. Ned Vady's character, Bobby, glances at Lani Lani, it's an old Lani and Lani and murmurs talk about genetic deficiencies isn't that pitiful? Can I remember that? Do you remember that line? No, I don't either. But when drew played by Ronnie Costrom's a court in his guitar, Lani answers it and soon the two are locked in a gleeful, call and response the bluegrass hit, dueling banjo's. God damn you play a mean banjo, grew shouts, go into shake Lani's hand where he's a wren's away. Redden's seen steaming in scutability foreshadows the events to come including Drew's death and notoriously Bobby's being forced to squeal, squeal like a pig. That's good stuff, thank you to EverFast, that's interesting crap, you know what? Show that, there's more. Yeah, kind of foreshadows some pretty heavy duty crap. Back to him, right? Okay, so about a nid. Too late. Maybe that's why he, uh, call and answer poor Howard Beal and the other movie. I said it right now, never stomOST important movie of our lives, you don't know it, even you punks out there, especially any of you people to soft don't know it, but it is. WDQA in home. Nobody there online to see I just babbled and babbled and they just don't hang on too bad. WDQA in hello. Yeah, Colonel Boge's March is the next one. Thank you so much. Thanks it. Thanks. Have a you two. The Colonel Boge March. Don't boge you that joint now. Colonel. See, like, how big Boge are to zero way, you know, even Boge and that Colonel Boge March. Da da da da da da da da da. See, Punks don't know from that song. Sure, nobody would see the red. And this, you know, my inla, sort of, and let's you know, movie review book. They ripped the hell out of that movie. Bird's number of required. That's a good movie. Talk to the film about this. Because that was Obi-Wan. Well, I'm just telling you, they ripped the hell out of it. But the like it or not, I'm just passing it along. I don't agree with him. I thought it was an in fact it's listed as one of the 200 movies of all times. And those pulls, you know, by the experts, the so called experts are here's the way to pull is going so far. What is the all time best song from a movie? And the reason I'm doing this is because last Tuesday, I'm American film Institute. Looks like a hundred years of movie music. They put out there. They're, they're actually not putting it up. What is it coming out? Oh, they did put it out. And I can't, oh, I see. They're vying. They put out the contenders, but they haven't had the voting yet. Um, they're going to, it's going to be sometime next year. June, oh, June, we got a long time to wait. We chose songs that filmmakers used to help tell their stories about Gazelle, or relationship John Cazell, director of AFI productions, which will put on a broadcast in June the next year where the top hundred songs will be unveiled. That should take a long time. Unless they're going to like, three or four notes from each one. So I'm wearing it. Like that. Yeah, like that. Okay, what do we got going on to pull now? So we're over to rainbow. That's still in lead. Yeah. It's been there right from the start, and it is just refusing to, to relinquish the lead. Somewhere over to rainbow, 49, just like a front runner, driven by kiddo malls at Pompropark. Doesn't want to give up that lead. Uh, the godfather, El Padrino 45, right on Judy Garland's ass. Stain alive 32, as time goes by, he's got about 32, man. Cosmama's a big fed bitch got 27. White Christmas 26. I haven't played that yet. Mrs Robinson 20, Star Wars teammate team. How does that go? I have the Tigers 17. They're going to bed in the Eugleas title with one ten soldier 13. Oh, one ten soldier. I just wanted to die. What was the song we got was talking about before by the, I'm not Tony Rolando and Dawn. Who was it? My curb congregation. What was the song? Oh boy, why hate the my curb congregation? But you hate a lot. Yeah, I do. I've been around a long time. I've learned to hate a lot of stuff. Don't play a hate. Yeah, I do. The way we were is got 11. I hate that. And I hate Barbara Strasse. Uh, gonna fly and I'll rock he's got 10. I hate that. And I hate the slice alone. I do like shot shot the entire. Everybody's talking, milson nine midnight cowboy. I was trying to ask the guy to call me forth. They were like, if that dialogue was going on at a great hunt bus when we're headed for Miami. Although Dustin didn't make it. What that was his name and I'm moving. I don't know what was like 10 years old. Oh, come on Dustin Hoffman's character in a movie midnight cowboy. Tootsie. No, come on. Jesus. I was watching marathon last night though. Oh, brother. Does he still run? Yeah, he is. He just, he just run. He's like the energizer bunny man. He just, he's running. I guess I got to look up in this nasty book of mine. Meet the freebies. Oh, the feeble. Phoebe's. I thought it said meet the freebies. I thought it was about South Florida. What am I looking for? Midnight cowboy. Can't even remember the name of the day. And moving I'm looking for it. Here's my me blues. Midnight queer. Midnight cowboy. Uh, let's see. What's all my looking for? Why am I looking for Midnight cowboy? I forgot. I thought it was a bad idea for the beginning. No, I'm looking for the name. The name of the rat. So I didn't even find it. Okay. I didn't find it. I'm being infected. Didn't even listen here. Rats or whizzer wasn't that his name? Yes, that's not in here. But that was his name. Just came to me. Nice going Neil. Oh, good. You feeble minded old fart. 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Mine. See? See what I mean? See all of you when you get old. Your brain will like say, okay, you reach capacities. And it's like when your hard drive is full. And there's no room left at the end. And then you're deep tourists. Pretty cute way. Hello. Yeah, I got a song for Neil. Go ahead. Um, one stop. Clock is still there. I should go. How can we leave that out? That's a classic. All right. Have a great holiday, man. Thanks. One stop, right? CSNY. We're without the wire. We don't need Neil Young. How did they always drag him along? He needs to get paid to. 560560. We got an impressive list here so far. Did I actually have a finished readness here? I interrupted myself. You interrupted yourself. Oh, where the hell was I? Who cares? Yeah, it's just cool sometime. Suicide is paleo. Shack is god nine. That's where I left off at 10 because I said a hate rocky. Suicide is painless to theme for mash and nine. Old time rock and roll nine. Moon River nine. Breakfast activities. The great Audrey Hepburn. She's still dead. Everybody's talking. I'm going to go to the house and nine. Live and let die six. I was good. I like that. Good movie. Good song. I don't want to miss the thing. Five got one more vote for aerosmith there. Probably his daughter. What tells your name Bonnie Tyler? Right. Don't you forget about me. Five. Stand by me. He's got four. Arthur steams. Got four. See a new poo poo. That man. Arthur's name. Yes. We're song ever. Gold finger three. When you wish upon a star three from up. Pinocchio. How about some from song song of the south? Right. Is it pretty. So, but he do. And if you want to go out and rent song of the south, you can. Although. Some people have a pirate copy. Some people have a pirate copy, which for the right price George will loan you. One thirteen and five sixty WQM. If you want to really fantastic meal, Vic and herbs. You want something fast. Something fresh. Something really delicious. You want to go to a fast food joint. Everything tastes like crap. It's all prefabricated. The meat and some of those places taste like tires. And everything generally is the same crap. That's why Vic and herbs are so popular. And Rochester, Navy and around since 1934. And a good news for south. Nobody in Ziz that it's right in Fort Lutterdale now. You'll find Vic and herbs on federal highway. Just south of Barbarne, Barbarne on the tunnel on the east side. Vic and herbs is like the old days man. Not prefab, past food garbage. But everything cooked fresh to order right in front of your post. Go in and enjoy a really great burger hot dog. Serve hot fresh in past and the good news for you is that they use the best ingredients because Vic and herbs is brought to you and for a lot of day. By the same guys who feed you cheaper. Grachyberger those big fat ones and Vic and herbs use the same fresh. 100% ground shot meat is cheaper. And speaking of a big fat when they are pretty incredible. Big gigantic quarter pound hot dog that will do a dance in your. Tonsels and second of that. The reason that Vic and herbs stands above the rest is that signature meat sauce that they've been making for years. Which they've lost ladle on all of the good stuff. Like nothing you ever had before in your life. They got a great breakfast menu too. Omelette's cooked to order French toast pancakes on your favorite side dishes. So whether it's breakfast lunch or dinner whenever you're going to move for something really fast and delicious. This is the place Vic and herbs on federal highway. Just south of our poor run in the tunnel on the east side. If you're from the Rochester area by the way, it's the same great stuff that you look for years and years right in for a lot of day. Am I a bit of a risk time that old meal sent you by? Like I said, tell them that old meal. At times at old meal. No, we're scorch we meal Five sixty hearts now, us thatおい, yeah. There is just be different There's never a water finish. There's never a rye. Here's Tominette. I don't give it all you need to do is pour it all. Like a wise Christian, about the Jews and gay homo. Oh, I'd love to, very close friends, and still they're very close to those who don't know the Bible, like I know. I'm the Stephen, like a wise Christian. And how we all must think and act alike, not to think whenever it's appropriate. The elves would make a wonderful life. Everybody in the world was white and Christian, and look the same and said the same things. Boring, I don't think so. No, to me, that would be paradise and Republican ways. I see the like a wise Christian. And how we all must think and act alike. All the games black and give life must die. Oh, I can't believe everybody's Christian. What? I didn't realize there was a second page of the Banjo Boy story, which came in like a little bit odd to lead. There's more to it. So, talks about these guys from the movie. They were filming their big fish. Is that it? Huh? Obviously, two big fish crew members drove to Northeast Georgia once and they asking is anybody know where the Banjo Boy lives? They finally found him in Diller, Diller, Joja, Redden who's now 47 worse 10 hours a day as a cook in dishwasher, thinner by a cookie jar cafe. He was hesitant first to take a time off to appear in another film for one thing. He always regretted being the post-deboir for deliverance's Gothic view of rural America. For another, he hadn't enjoyed working with film star Bert Reynolds. Bert didn't want to say nothing at all, but he Redden says now. He's like, he made us look real bad. He said, I'm telling him, is that all people in Raven County do his watch cars go by and spit. It watch cars go by and he spit. I like that. And of course, I'm about his Banjo and how about a mama had a cellar. Banjo because she was a desperate need of money to pay for the bills. Daddy died when he was a baby. That's kind of a Christian craft. Anyway, let's see, take my breath away from by Berlin from Top Gun. Got that, take my breath away. Got it. Okay. Now, in 18, who's a good friend, at least was 100 years ago Johnny Deb writes. And says, I have an hour of time for a busy need to tell you that women do listen to your show. Even though some could be intimidated by you, I wonder why. Knowing you and being a big fan since 77, the garlic festival. The garlic festival in Top Deneberg. Thanks a lot of time. I still have the money from that. You idiot. She says, I'm pushing my top of my list. Neil Rogers, Johnny Deb, Tom Belling and Rikai Glace isn't Tom Brady. I think I got the same parts. They just don't look quite the same. Uh, can't wait to see Harvey is Mrs. Sad and the Macy Day Paray Robberchum attending. P.S. World Sexies Man Live Johnny Deb Paray. They finally woke up. My daughter, Julie, who grew up with Johnny and Miramar upon my request. Rotem, I'll keep you updated if I have any response. Have a great holiday, Nadine. And if Julie does get a response, let us know if there's like a stain on the letter. Like on the envelope, maybe? I remember you guys to put those, the wad they sealed the um, waxed ceiling waxed. Sealing waxed, the red ceiling wax made it kosher. Maybe there'll be something like that after a few waxed. How about Mona Lisa from the Mona Lisa movie, performed by the Great and Late and Dead, Net King Cool? Okay. Mona Lisa, well he had such a wonderful voice. You know what I mean? I like that. That's right. How about Natalie Cole, she ain't a bad chasin? She has, uh, what song she got from some movie? I don't know. And what about Diana Ross from a hogony? Right? Right? From a hogony? I'll put it down. How come we don't have that on there? We're slow. There's only about, how many thousand? About 30,000, man. About 30,000 of these. So that's why this is a great folder. It's an endless list. I could have gone, see, I wasn't really going to even do this today. And I'm sure we're show glad I did. Let's see, my hogony, Diana Ross, where the hell is it? I don't even see it. Where are you looking? Here it is. Team from a hogony. Do you know where you're going to? Yes, I do. From the movie, a hogony staring Ross, number one adult contemporary hit for one week. 112275, and on the Billboard Top 40, reach number one. Diana Ross, that's back before she became a man. And before she became so obnoxious and at least a like to Anna Ross wants to find a time. That's not all about those people. Sure. Like Tom Cruise, a pretty like the lot. Stick to the music honey. It could be in a crazy bitch and quit being a belly aching about this and about that. And about how they want to check your boobies at the airport in London. Always got a problem that bitch. 56560, 560, pound 560 on the ATT. See most of the female celebrities that I like are can speak for anybody else. Most of them are dead. You know, like Elizabeth Montgomery? She's dead, right? And most of the ones around the day, like, you know, Rossanne and Rossanne, Rossio Dottel and Barbara Streisand, oh, geez. You know, those aren't today, what celebrities? I'm talking about the ones that are still alive. Boy, how are you? How are you? How about LND? Generate? Do you like her? No. Oh, my God. I don't know which direction you're looking. There's lots of beautiful, wonderful females. I'm not talking about what they look like. I'm talking about, okay, name me a great female celebrity. How about what's in in Julia Roberts? I like Julia Roberts. Well, with her. But a lot of people hate her like poison for some reason. I don't know why. She's fine. Maybe they're jealous. Maybe they know that the Eric Roberts is your brother. I don't like him. But Charlize there. Oh, man. I don't like him. You know what I'm talking about? Eric Roberts? Yeah. He's that movie killer. Just bugs me. There's something about him. It looks like he's been sleeping with some guy. Here's your friend Puerto Rican, the Ralph PR, Ralph says. First of all, I have a great stake to the answers. Leave it. How about putting on the rich from your own Frankenstein? Well, they performed a movie. I mean, they performed that song in the movie. That's like 20. That's like 20. That's like 20. That's a little song. It's a little ancient song. Here's what it says. I'd like to dominate Lara's theme by Michael Jari from Dr. Javago, Lara's theme. That's definitely got to be on it, right? How does that go? I don't know. I don't know how I remember how it goes. But I do remember the song, Lara's theme from Dr. Javago. Was big. Was huge. It was humongous man. It was gigantic. Okay. How many weeks on the top 80 list? I've heard of that man. Don't remember it. I remember Rahal Bohemian Bowman. I don't just remember how it goes. Somebody will call and whistle it. Hummet. Do something. 26 after one at 5. 60. WM happy Thanksgiving. Do it. There's just like I said before. We're just all alone. There's nobody. Is there anybody in the building? Except the three of us? No, I don't know. And who are you? I thought you said who it was gone. Oh, yeah, but he sent his love. Have a great holiday. Holy, oh, love you, baby. Good man. One of a few good guys that ever walked through them doors. That's why they screwed them over. Fire, disaster. He's working for UNIVION in Phoenix, Arizona. And boy to those beaners talk funny. He says. All right. Good for you. Good for you. Congratulations for getting out of that toilet. Get away from especially Bob for moving to George Corse on all the other Goi men in engineering. Nice going to Leo. He says all the spicks are brown in Phoenix. And we wrote your name on the alley walls. They're just to make sure that people know you were hearing. Big news. How about potty at GMC is now auto city potty at GMC of Pine Crest. They're a good close personal buddy Tom Laminatex a lot for all the memories. By the way, Tom Goodman. I sold the dealership to Lumberto Padez of Auto City View of Pine HMC homestead. And you can expect all of the same great service deals because the general sales manager has been there about 100 years Joe Prieto. He's still there to not kind of mess with him. Stop by Auto City Padex GMC of Pine Crest for great Neil Rogers deals on all makes and models in stock right as I speak. And right now you can take advantage of 0% financing from the 72 months. Or save up to $9,000 nine grand with rebates and incentives right now at Auto City Potty at GMC. And the Neil deals are still going on. It's at 134 or 1.6. See how it's in great location. That's US one across from the fall shopping center. Open every day seven days a week. If you want more info on those special Neil deals, I'll do it's call the Neil Rogers Neil Neil Holland. See they still mention my name a whole bunch of time. About 10 man in the spot so things must be okay. The Neil Rogers Neil Neil Holland is toll free one triple eight five three four forty two eleven. See why didn't buy this card. You wish you a lot that other member that. That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven. Don't forget all offers are subbed credit approval. See our friends at Auto City Potty at GMC for details. The brand new and exciting used to be Helipontiac. But now it's Auto City Potty at GMC of Pine Crest low prices without the high pressure. This is for 20. You way. But I have a heart or a liver. Coming up tonight on Inside of Behind the True Hollywood Celebrity Music Biography Profile Story. It's the question that has plagued the music industry for years. Just how did Hanson happen? That was one of my better words. In his first ever television interview, Satan tells Inside of Behind about the gating mob hell that made room for the Hanson brothers. Oh, it was perfect. We had door-o-o-white brothers going up and toast Oklahoma. Little knowing that they were part of my grand design to reflect pain on the entire world. Taylor, Isaac and Zach Hanson were raised by loving parents who encouraged their ability to play music. Yes, yes, he's done well. Mr. and Mrs. Hanson. The brothers played hundreds of local venues until at a record industry mixer they would discover by a Hollywood record producer. I love coming to work in the form of a humming with record producer. And I knew that those handsome boys would outroof even my earlier trial. Debbie gives a... And then in 1997, Bob reached number one in every corner of the globe. And you went mad. You chewed you and didn't chew. Oh, it was glorious to watch. Here. Who is it again? How you like, now? Satan's only regret is that Hanson vanished from the radar screen after only one hit. Oh, I would have left to have kept him around. But it was part of the deal I made with God. I get to unleash one brain knowing a piece of crap every year. And he keeps you to going. So... Hanson. Ah hell. It's a big juicy shopping went look at show business tonight on inside of a hind. 133 at 560 WWCM. Here's one it says. And I guess this could be on there. Theme from the Valley of the Dolls. Sunk by the Unwork was guaranteed. How's your in doing these days? Oh, well, see her no more. I'll tell you one thing about speaking and sharing tape. If anybody is against the death penalty, here's the best living ad for the death penalty. It's Charlie Manson. Sure. And speaking of that, the judge now says that he may actually let John Hinkley go and do those We can visit some home on supervised. Yeah. Is that unbelievable? Yeah. Man, oh man, Zion America, baby. It's all I can tell you. 560, 50560, on the AT&T. You got that on there, where are the value of the Dolls? Is that the name of it? Theme from the Valley of the Dolls. Is the name of the OCSS theme? Oh, yeah, that's an input. All right. I wish that I could remember how Laura steam goes from Dr. Javago because it was very, very big. Was it like Mitch Miller or right kind of, right kind of? Or wait a minute, wasn't it somewhere in my love? That's it somewhere in my love. Yeah. I think it's somewhere in my love. Laura steam is like another name for it. Oh, wow. Oh, sure. Everywhere. Everybody was there. Well, I'm telling you, my mind is sharp today. I got to go to the track. I got to go play the lottery. I got to go do it. Go play with it. 6705. If you line 9 is a ring and I was always in sight. But there's nobody on it. Damn it. How much is that was the big one? WQAM. Hey Neil, how you doing? Yes, sir. Great. Good. Just a couple quick things. First you want to, um, start on for the movie. Right. Oh, for today. Uh-huh. Okay. That one goes back to 1970. Elton John, friends. No. Nice piece of music. We've played on ALR radio years ago. It was okay. Yeah, it was all right. We'll therapy was all right. Well, it's not very long. It was only about 2.5 minutes. Thank God. Yeah. The other thing was, I didn't get chance. You're over three volts of the poll last night. Of our poll? Yeah. Was it what's the Clarkity Wim? No. Howard Dean won by about 45 votes. They were, they were million miles ahead of everybody. 22% said Bush was unbeatable, which is depressing. But, you know, we press on. Well, it's scary enough with that, uh, that rape, uh, bill that passed the house yesterday. Yeah. I was in public. And, uh, this one girl comes up to me and she says, You look a little, uh, just made with the manner. I said, I just heard some bad crap on the radio. She says, well, what about? I said, uh, what do you read the paper? You know what's going on in the Senate and the house today with the medicare. Oh, yeah. Right. Oh. Right. Yeah. Well, you'll love the response. I don't know if it's too cute you can do things to tell you. But I guess I will. She says, I don't, I don't know. And I let other people decide that for me. And I'm like, there we go. Let me give you a quick trivia question that was there. Yes, sir. Jeperty, uh, a couple of weeks ago. And this should probably help put a lot of things in a perspective. I despise that show and house Rebecca's Canadian. But go ahead. A, yeah. I know what you mean. But just just taken into account. Let's look at percentages between zero and 100. Neither being the correct answer. But third man, probably less. But what is the percentage of Americans? Figure on the ages of average 22 to 25 enough that have one. Four year degree. Just one time. 10. 10. Your way high. Four. Your still high. Two. It's free enough. Let's been free enough. Wow. And if you go for a master's degree, now you're looking at less than 1%. Hmm. Just look around. Yeah. At that baby. I hear them sounds. They're good. They're drifting all the way up here. But, like that. I don't really know how they mean. Toronto's a great place. I used to visit it often from 65 on up to a couple of years ago. I love it like you wouldn't believe it. It's just great. Civilized. That's the word. Keep that word in my man. Civilized. No. Young and blurs. No. Young and blurs. But what is the place? Britain. The best bookstore in Toronto. How about the world's largest bookstore in Edward Street downtown? Yeah. But Britain was loud. My aunt used to work there before she died. It was a great store. Lot of great stuff. I'll go up through this afternoon. Have a great one. See you. Bye. Thanks. I'm 5060 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. You know, one of the reasons that I like, I mean, plus the fact that I'm here. Born the reason I like this studio so much better is it because it's a little smaller and so compact. I can go online here, which you'll notice I have much much more information like if anything happens. Forget about the TV because it's TV a lot of times as it's seen in a slow and MSNBC. But you can go online and it's sitting right here. As opposed to where you're sitting right there. You see how on wheelie that whole thing. I have to put the keyboard over here. And it got the keyboard on a copy file there. It's a piece of crap. You know, it's exactly the respect from George Corso. But holy old helped to build this studio. And of course, our good friends up here in Toronto. Let's see. I was going to fast earlier to nominate Waltzinger to move the on the beach with Gregory Peck. Then the lady called with everybody's talk and that's my vote. Waltzinger to do that. But that's 100 years old. On the beach with Gregory Peck. I don't remember that. You came from that movie. It's an old Australian folks song. Yes, they did play the song when Ratsil and Joe Buck run a bus to Florida. They also played with the opening credits. Everybody's talking. Yeah. Run our way to my mind. Like Ann Baycroft said, we all go to Florida to die. Too bad she's a gold farm never made it. And neither did Harry. No. I don't think. No. But what's your name? She'll come and see you. That was her name. Marion. Marion. Marion. Marion. That movie is so good. It was on again the other night. I couldn't turn it off. I watched the last hour and half of it again. I was just going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. I was going to see the movie. That was the pedophile from happiness. It was the doctor. It was a dream. Anyway, it was on the safe. Hoffman's name in the movie was on Rico Rizzo. On Rico. He liked being called Rico. When Joe Buckford was going to see the movie. What is going to be asked is in the restaurant. He started calling it. The song was performed by Nilsen. But written by Fred Neal. It was that kind of thing. Who is born and saved. He was born and saved. He was born and saved. He was born and saved. He was born and saved. He was born and saved. He was born and saved. He was born and saved. The other side of this life, and the dolphins. Thanks a lot, Gerry. But any of the Springs are one of our top five Facts is of all time. He is good. How about the theme from Gone with the Wind? I think it's called Terresteem. Uh, I thought Terresteem was somewhere in my love. The theme from Gone with The Wind. Ah, oh. No. Oh. Oh. And climax every mountain ittlebikes are the song from Sout of Music. small from an old champion film. What do you say? No. I see no. Climb every mountain. How about Lara's thing and Tara's team and Tara's thing? Tara's thing? See now they're playing on another playing with our minds. They're getting us confused. Can't stand it. 19 till 2 at 5 60 WCM and I have a feeling now it's 5147. Summer over the rainbow is hanging on which gotta be I mean old farts like me voting for that. 51 votes but the godfather is right on their ass. 47 votes. Let's put them over the top. What do you say? Or something bad might happen. You know what I mean? I'll tell you one thing Brandy shows us still going strong better than every they've been in town for over 25 years. In fact this year 2003 this is their 25th anniversary of doing people right on their feet and that's why Brandy is still around while the others are all the top names in the shoe business you got love and they got them rock ports echoes mafisto timbreland Clark's S.A.S. floor shime all the top names in all the sizes too. They got men sizes of 16 to 15 women's five to 12 and what's from the very narrow to the very big fat and wide. No forget when you get old your feet get wider too. Nothing. Yeah they do. In fact I'm looking down right now it's like the old plight of a plight of a post. And they got people that give you friendly personal service to that's why people have sharpened a Brandy's because they make sure you get a perfect at every time. Brandy's shoes you'll find them in that same great spot 12 90 North federal highway in Pablo Beach open Monday through Saturday 9 till 9 Sunday 10 to 5 and as part of their 25th anniversary celebration this week even better than normal great savings on men's women's S.A.S. shoes going on right now all this week or if you want more info on their sale this week and every week just check out their website Brandy's shoes that's with two S.A.S. Brandy's shoes.com. Why in local here sports radio 560's you a new A.M. Our phone conversation between Queen Elizabeth and the Arab parent her son Prince Charles. Hello hello Charles. It's mom. Mom. What are you calling for? I'm worried about your Charles. Mom you're currently calling me every day. I'm very worried to call me like 10 times a day mom. I've been handed the newspaper here. The Daily Mirror. Yes. I don't read such rubbish. Well did you happen to see the front page? I didn't see it. Mom I don't read such rubbish. I'll tell you. It says it's Charles by sexual. Because what is it true? Charles is Charles by sexual. What's it mean by that mom? It means you like the lashes and the lads. I don't like the lads mom. Don't cry mom. It's really this. Don't cry mom. It's true. I knew I should have thought someone wrong when they caught you listening to Clay Egg. I like him. Mom he's a good singer. I mean that's all of this. It all those Barbara strides and movies in the collection. I love to in yet oh mom. That doesn't make me buy. How dare he? Very fine. With it watching him shower right now. Wait crying mom. It's true is it? What? It's true. It's not true. You're my sexual. I am not by sexual. I don't have any sex. The woman I'm dating mom looks like the horse. I mean she doesn't give it to me at all. You know that. Is that why you go for the men? I don't go for the men. So which not true? I'm going to be king of England. Yeah. That's what I'm worried about. Oh you worry mom. You're being king and the boy. I can't continue this conversation. No no no mom. All right. My date here. You date? The committer? I'm on in early. Who is that? Just a friend. Is that committer? It's early. Ernie who's early? My friend. Ernie. Who is Ernie? We play here. People together mom. You don't play for Marl. We play games together. I've got to go to have them. Some crying. Some crying. 149 had a five 60 WD here when I liked that little thing on the internet too. Too bad we didn't have a trip you on that WD. Lissius marijuana. Yeah that's bad. Anyway, Taristine. That has to be on there because that is the theme from gone with the wind. It's just we had a Lara steam and a Taristine. I thought what is this? You know they hit me from both sides of a blind side. Of course that's big. That's the theme from gone with the wind. I'm crazy. Faith. Don't remember that? Sure. Taristine. Tara. Get with it. And also this is a good one. Michelle a grand and the summer knows. Team from summer 42. Hermy was a little squirmy with Jennifer O'Neill. Was Jennifer O'Neill an M.O.B. I guess. And wasn't she also in the reincarnation of proud Peter with Michael Serison? Peter Proud? Yes. That's a good movie. That's a really, yeah you wouldn't like it. I see you see it. I liked it. Yeah. What's not to like? Right. I don't know how it ends. I liked the mother. Oh boy. She was a real piece of work. She was a real if you look up bitch and that's hearing her pictures next week. So, next week. My mom says summer 42. It's called the summer knows. It's going to the song. Summer note. Okay. Summer over to rainbow. The best all-time song from movie 51. Godfather. You'll put that in a 49. It's getting tight. Stay in live 33. Come on, Morris. Don't go to outside. I please. Kyle's mom is a big bad bitch. 32. As time goes by has got a third man. Like Christmas 26. Mrs. Robinson. I thought the movie was highly overrated by the way. 24. Star Wars theme 21. I have the Tiger 19. The good about in the U.V. 16. I'll only do double digits. One 10 soldiers got 13. We were 12. Old time rock and roll 12. Suicide is painless from match 10. Shaft 10. Moon Rivers got 10. Everybody's talking 10 and got a flying off from Rocky has got 10. WQAM. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Happy Thanksgiving of day early to you. And back to you. I'm a throw couple out here for you. Okay. Frankie Lane, thing from blazing battles. Okay. BJ Thomas, range drops keep falling on my head. I think we got that when we put that under Georgia. We did. D on war week to thing from Alcy. Oh, what's it all about? Yeah. Okay. And Andy Williams, days of wine and roses. The days of swallowing. That's got to be under. Thanks a lot, Pally. All right. Have a good one. You too. Yeah. In fact, they hit a biography Andy. We just a couple of nights ago. You want to rely like about anyway. It's the most I give up. Is that we don't see him anymore. Oh, I mean, he was he was good in that very old fashioned way. He had a good voice and you know, he didn't ever store freight train in bother anybody. I mean, if you don't like the Ozman, you can hold that against him or Pat Boone, you can hold that against him too. But he's okay, Andy Williams. There's somebody we all like, right? There we don't. No, and then like I said, after his career was pretty much done, he went back into the woodwork. He's got his golf treatment going. He knows this Christmas special release he did for a hundred years. And that's it. Days of swine and roses man get that on there right now. You got it. You got it. Got it. You got friends. You got what's it all about Alfie? And what the help time is the answer. Second cut line coming up. My life and more. This is for three of my sixty four. Two and a half. Peace. From the twisted minds who brought you hollowing comes an entirely new dementia and in horror. Don't look in the oven or you'll experience the stock. Make it terrible. That is. Thanksgiving. A family just like yours. It's a bird that was once alive. And they eat until they feel like they're going to explode. But it doesn't stop there. Uncle Luther. No, which time to entertain the in law. Is that fish I smell on a dog? I'm a logic in them. And you'll think they're never going to leave. So where do I put these two cases? And just when you thought you could have skipped by watching TV. You discover there is no way out. Now game number two of our holiday NFL quadruple header. Thanksgiving. The annual terror is back. Why is that a good land? Oh. It's all playing an adining room near you. 1557 at 5.6158. Look at that cursed even since I think they gave us like a blind switch here. A bait and switch. What? Because it said, Man, it's not working today. He's on his way to Dallas. Probably with a moment. Absolutely. Can you imagine the trips that they have together when they have to travel on the plane? No thanks. Oh man. Probably Moe is a may-de-sitten cargo. Anyway, I'm all right. You may-de-sis fade from candy shack. It says the ultimate sports whole comedy. Thanksgiving for letting it out. Can he log in? I'm all right. Got it. Got it. And Tom says, which goes to sure that we're not the only one who made bad mistakes, just to be accurate to some woodstock was performed in the movie by Joni Mitchell, not cross these Dils Nation old young. How do you like that? Yeah. Yeah. Well, everybody wants to get it right. You just stay. You know, you're just trying to fake your way through to four hours. Just slack at the point. That's what I'm doing too. Speaking of that, well, let's take a look at the totals there. The Peach is totals. And don't forget, this is the time of the year now. It's tomorrow's the busiest shopping day. I mean, the day after tomorrow of the year. So let's get that best in the Elmerz and I was going to make a great holiday gift for Christmas, Tynuka. The Howard David Keychains, the Moe, uh, the Nutrack, and our best in the Elmerz 2002, 2003 CDs for a great cause of bad and perescue. Let's get with it. Just go online and click it on and uh, cut loose with some cash. The all-time best song from a movie, somewhere over the rainbow's got 53. The godfather's got 50. It is so tight. It could barely stop a curly hair in between them. Cows mom is a big fat bitch 35, stay in the live 34. As time goes by's got about 30 men. Like Christmas 27, Mrs. Robinson 24, Star Wars theme 21 and downhill from there. But you got a long way to go to. Fix, I mean, to take care of it. I never got to the David Corn article. Maybe I'll read it tomorrow. What do you think? Oh yeah, go for it. And code is religious war, Republicans and conservatives say the darnest things. It's pretty damn good. David Corn is the Washington editor for the nation magazine. Right, uh, pretty damn good stuff. Anyway, I'll be here tomorrow if there's any interest. They're in interest. No, tend to know in George or be with you all day on Friday. Have a great holiday. Bye bye. Bye bye. I got nothing to do. I'm sure of it.