I See you're gonna build me up into a fever picture my grilled cheese sandwich with bacon on the Holy toast Anyway, we're the hell is that oh first this facts arrogant for dr and I didn't say that we were arrogant for drop And about mom was reading Nelson Mandela's comments. I don't believe that for a second I think Truman had big balls and we need to do that and save it a hell of a lot of American life was war baby That's right In addition to which is anybody remember Pearl Harbor I don't say any comparison between what's happening in our rack now. How come he keeps saying iranians again? I have to correct himself for what you say Somebody please show our president like get him a compass in a road map and show more Iraq and Iran or on a map and explain him that iranians don't live in Iraq or Iraq Anyway, it says erga for mama ba has to be the dumbest thing ever her Well, there are a lot of things that have been said that I don't want to agree with for example the thing with the French We got an article on our website today about the French which has got some with points for the fact of the matter is the French number one never met a terrorist They didn't like and number two of the French were the ones that sold the nuclear reactor to saw them in a first place What she has really said to a blog for us so they did not have nuclear weapons Anybody remember that? I sure do so you know what we say about the French Fum that's what we say about the French haven't I always told you about that? That's the French. Exactly. Absolutely and anyway green piece boat sinking frogs scumbags and By the way your food sucks, okay Here's what it says sorry if you've heard this but sawnwb39 this morning the Sun Sentinel next Wednesday Will include a small veil poster Tomoling isn't naked as we'd all hope but but keep in mind that from the neck up. He looks really good You don't want to see anymore. Especially those big size 82 feet By the way, didn't hear the whole show yesterday, but it sounds like my suggestion the monkeys had an nerve take care K Whoever to help K is. Well, thank you K But What does that mean? That's because George doesn't like the monkeys and we're not doing that pulled by the way. I changed my mind Did I say that yesterday? We're not doing that pull about artists because like I said and how did I ever get sucked into that? I don't know how did I ever get sucked into that? Because Well, it's not easy coming up with an interesting portal. Especially some people will talk but don't answer the phone Because we're gonna do screenless nine a tenery day I'm talking about all of the calls I take I'm not gonna say the whole hour of the screenless you have to be you'd have to be suicidal to do that But I'm saying the calls I take that I was in generous more response Spices up a little bit, but it gave me like a bug I'd look now Plus it makes your life a lot easier with your all excited about the the comedy that's nine to ten hours So here's another kid and he just sit there and I'm not gonna try any other problems about it Thank you I don't hear what he has to say and tell him Mommy first it off Oh, now lots of you what he has to say nobody wants you what he has to say. That still he says it. I mean don't take it personal It's like when I was in there taking a dump this morning. He's in the room in the sink again floating around and that came in God Zach I thought was gonna mistaken for like a piece of leftover sandwiches something and eat him right there to guide them to you I could say something but and it was like all of that food out there too I did have a couple of strips of bacon So in other words, you're telling me now we have to wait for a pony tail to call you back I'll keep trying though. We may have to send the hollows out to pick up a grilled cheese sandwich across the street of the Ud Stadium diner sure If you don't get a call back soon. I'm I'm just horny for a That was really good in fact. It was really my friend which he's not but if y'all he was really my friend when those guys get to food from how is in a morning How come there's not a grilled cheese on the whole way for me in there? I'll pay him for it. I'll be thinking of paying for that food or not Is it a freebie? I'll be more than happy to pay for it So I've heard not not that. Oh wait Here's the Keith Blaney who stuff by and oh and now the reason I've played that in Mickey thing here's this fact Jonathan says I'm one of your younger listeners. I've been listening to you show for close to tears since I moved down here I'm 25 and I love you show that's what we want is a lot of 25 year old guys. That's what I want Don't change a thing and contrary to what the other facts you said the comedy bits are hilarious I think the new most songs ginger and moge union and watch your back-sack are classics and you know what? Jonathan says keep playing them all so you used to play an in Mickey song It said something like tell me a lie one and become over which I just played was hoping you could play it Sometimes I haven't in long time take care of all the best to you. There you go Jonathan and there was the how do you like that? Right on top of it baby So all you nasirs all you poo pores out there poo poo on this okay as what we say here As we try somehow desperately to undo the damage the Greg Reed is done to our lineup into this program Try to put the pieces together like frickin Humpty Dumpty next time he comes in there and talks to you long after I'm gone when it's the coast is clear and things are safe Tell him we really appreciate the nice job he's done here Found we'd rather we'd rather follow the test pattern Here's West Miami hello Yes, sir, and that fact was right man your show's really got crappy. Yeah And And thanks for listening Thank you. Okay 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on again See I mean this like I've said before what do those calls mean that the guys got mental problems? He's listening. Not always he listening. He's calling to share that with us Our show is gone crappy. It's gone in the crapper I'm just I'm crushed yeah, I haven't got a clue what we're gonna do now. Here's the towel 5 6 7 0 5 60 Palm 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line WQAM Hey Neil. Yes, sir The show's not gone crappy and I don't think you should try a format it your best shows are when you just come in and start But doing your stuff starts growing around just you know I mean you don't need no this format from nine to ten right right on that's right because the best of happens Fontaineous like oh, I would like when George was rolling one on the floor before And another thing Carlos push sucks Okay, and then my last my last comment is Are you gonna go to the the the off-dark game this weekend? No No, no, I'm gonna let me say it again no I never go I in fact I know even on television that won't be watching it Really I don't care about all star games of any any sport to just the Kakka When I go to see a hockey game I want to see a real game I mean too, but I think I still enjoy watching all the getting all the best players in one But all the best players aren't gonna be there there'd be no Mario no Matt Sandin no Second clue. There's a lot of guys that I might know Eddie Belfor You're right. How do I go leave? Trying to over land a last night have a great day sir enjoy the game. I'm not going to know all star game Let me see it again why do these people aren't so super? Or you're not a real hockey fan full crap I watch more hockey last night than most of you in your life just last night So good part of the penguin washing in game so the least game beaten by a ladder five two Panthers and Detroit are very boring two two time What else did I watch? There was one other one was one other one I got to have like oh, I'm gonna have to have six sets like women now so I can watch like a whole bunch of games at the same time But I do I watch a lot kind of joy. I love it if it's a good game Penguin washing the game was a coma inducer, but nevertheless And these people all I you gotta go. I don't know not interested in the old story I'm there's no hitting it's an exhibition game the score is like 15 to 10 it's a joke But I'm not discouraging people a place is gonna be packed gonna be a lot of people there pretenders like mode this morning Oh, it's all star weekend. He's hate hockey He's not gonna be there. He's not interested Y'all they told me that he was like under penalty of death if he talked about it for more than 30 seconds Consecured about nitro penalty a death He said that I was gonna you know put that cord at the class me bad quarterback is not can strangling Especially during football season it is a no-no is what it is. It's a no-no, huh during that show Mo-ho, Mo- see now you got me confused. I'm not what they'll to call him well I do know what to call he's an asshole. WQAM Yeah, like talking to you speaking Dale yes I Just wanted to say something about bush, you know, it really bugs me that this guy is the hero of nine eleven When he got a specific warning on August 6 2001 that we were gonna have an attack and he did nothing about it Yeah, well we've already been through all of that sir, but the problem is the American people most of them are just as ignorant or even Then he is and so as a result they you know wave the flag and they get all whipped up in emotional and they don't understand They don't see it through all of this crap right and the press goes along with and you know You know, it's in all of these weeks and months now they're gone out where they've had to make the case for this invasion of Iraq They it because they can't find specific They keep making all of these illusions to these general things that that don't exist and they keep having a press conferences and they Press core they yuck it up with rums failed you know everything's a big joke and they yuck it up with all the Reflected the other day everything's a big yuck and in the meantime we're talking about dropping nuclear weapons right and you know and I've heard that anybody that Asked the really tough questions They kind of get exclude yeah, they suddenly don't call on them anymore. I like the kid that gets put in the back of the classroom Exactly, well good luck to you pal. Hang on to the bed. I'll be seeing you. Okay. Okay Nukes use in Iraq could spin out a control right Senator Ted Kennedy. It's in from the LA times. It's in the days on Sentinel Do I have time to read it now? No, I'm in fact. I may not read it But you ought to read it. Threat there in your son Sentinel on the op-ed page Nukes use in Iraq could spin out a control a dangerous world Just group more dangerous as Teddy Kennedy reports that the administration is contemplating the preemptive use of nuclear weapons Interact should set off alarm bills that this could not only be the wrong word to wrong time But it could quickly spin out a control Initiating the use of nuclear weapons would make a conflict with Iraq potentially catastrophic Senator Ted Which we know and a public is going Listen on bad we be good. You know and screw everybody else Tell everybody else When that when that statement that foreign policy statement came out several months ago Remember and I read it on here right? It's in mother Joan How come everybody was like say are you out of your mind? You make Teddy Roosevelt look like a Sunday school preacher. Are you crazy person all of a sudden? We're gonna become imperialist and we're better than everybody else and nobody else is gonna It's that or like that Do you hear that? I heard it that was Jack Capretty. It's another he's another asshole We're supposed for the old five six This is the new Roger show This is your buddy Any questions I You You You 10 out three and five six to double your comments are official start of the show now That's what we do nine to ten we screw around them we start to show a ten Now could I think we solve it again and maybe not and then if not then money will solve it a different way Huh? We'll just oh by the way Laurie maze you asshole and David Ross you asshole yeah I keep channel. Let's reason I play that hearings yesterday in Washington and clear channel says oh Well, we succeed when radio stations serve the needs of local community. All right. What's that gonna start? You cookie cutter morons you you asshole right? Oh He I like the way he says that you know That is like with real in fact Betcha Len is just got emotional now. She probably reach for the cucumbers Man Well, she gets excited when she hears that you asshole sorry Try to screw stuff her sex life a little bit that was our poll yesterday which will get to momentarily after I've read about clear channel communications The head of clear channel communications in case today sought to convince skeptical US lawmakers that the nation's largest radio station Not the arm twisting brute portrayed by smaller rivals and musicians Clear channel CEO Laurie maze That lead the night allegations from rocks that are done handling and other critics that the media empires 1200 plus stations have muscle-doubt smaller rivals taken bribes to play songs or engage in other Anti competitive practices as whole facing sharp questioning from members of these Senate Commerce Committee may's pointed out He painted clear channels a first competitor that has thrived since media regulations were relaxed in 1996 under Bubba dude with careful audience research now I do understand that he didn't appoint all the members of the FCC but nevertheless it was during the Bubba era So it's when you can't delay my bush We succeed when radio stations serve the ages of local communities maze said you asshole fair channel takes in now What listen to this? Roughly one out of four advertising dollars in the radio industry and also oversees rapidly growing constant promotion and billboard advertising businesses If ever, in fact if you look up Parker brothers monopoly you'll see a picture of a Pete bulger And David Ross you asshole and Rhonda think wolf you asshole quit it says created a blend that we here We go here is the definitive comment about cheap channel Critics say it's created a blend network of sound-alike stations that very little from city to city Which I just got through saying only moments ago Here is Dr. Laura here is Lord Aslimba here is the shit myster here is whatever else, so that's what all I got no thanks It's car wash guys just asking if I wanted my car wash We don't get nervous about it. You are what what was you talking about that's how it was I just had no thanks Maybe the thought McGill just came in here and flashed do something. I don't know I'm doing a radio show now came again. It's not nice to talk with you mouthful They've also charged their clear channel with using their radio market power to squeeze out rivals jackup Concentrate ticket prices and steer business to its concert promotion arm. That's why they got all those billboards by the way We side-defected this place is such a cheap pass outfit and lies a lot But that's why they got all the 80 million billboards is because they own them haha Alligations of pay-o-l-like pay for play practices have dog pretty a cheap channel along with the rest of the music business Don't heavily accused clear channel of blackballing artists who didn't tour with its concert promotion arm or play for free at benefit shows put on by its radio stations You know it reminds me of You remember when they were out there in Vegas and And they were talking to Al Martino Johnny with that with Johnny Fontaine right and he had a handsome contact with you Oh, well, we appreciate if I'm a buy and the godfather likes to that a knee informing somebody To perform so many times here and you occur some of your friends in the business to do the same etc. Yeah That's what it reminds me of Henley who's greatest hits package with his bad eagles ranks is the number one selling record of all time Said he could be scratched from clear channel playlists for testifying for the committee But maze dismissed his charge as long as our audience wants to hear mr. Henley's music He has no threat of retribution maze replied Over to past year clear clear channel's emerges a poster child for both a drawbacks and benefits of media consolidation as the FCC Consider is whether to relax ownership limits further court court. Oh my god. Yeah, that's what they're doing Yeah, that's what the big fear is about We're doomed. Well not that fear Some lawmakers plugged to clear channel when they voiced concerns that loose ownership caps with a lot of broadcasting Just to focus on cutting costs by laying off staff Redda and serving local markets are providing a wide range of news entertainment programming We must preserve radio as a medium for democracy Said Wisconsin Democratic Senator Russ Feingold who has introduced the bill out of rent cheap channel from expanding Curbets alleged and he competitive practices But several Republican senators said oh, here's my favorite all you good right wingers out there Several Republicans Senator said the company was simply practicing sound business and helping turn around the industry that was largely unprofitable ten years ago Huh find gold and California Democratic Representative Howard Burman said they had asked the Justice Department to investigate But it got no response The Justice Department did not return a call seeking comment. This is from Washington Post Arizona Republican Senator John McCain peppered maize with questions and quibble with them over several claims But did not indicate whether this committee would take up fine girls bill or otherwise press the company further. Yeah Several Republican senators said the company was simply practicing sound business practices in other words We like monopolies. We like big business. That's our bread and butter. That's what it's all about And by the way no butter on my grilled cheese please pony tail Well he made such a production of that Carlos you know we turn a call when you were taking a crap or whatever you would do Is that what you were doing I was taking a pee Okay, don't have a good sense it about the audiences now marking these things down. Okay 1003 George takes a pee and don't blame me. Okay. See Just calm down you asshole He just says that with such emotion I mean from the bottom of this they grow man sounds like it starts in his back home comes out his mouth Like a lot of other things he says So anyway there you go cheap channels says hey, it's a for what they're basically trying to say is I mean I thought it was like free enterprise So in other words if the radio was unprofitable It's like every other industry the right people who can make it you know they survive But at least they have the opportunity to come in and bring it all turn in their program into a job as for different people To give the audience out there something that choose from it's the same of the set of the same cookie cutter Craft and every market in the country the good ones thrive the bad ones rail but of course the people some people in this country Aren't for free enterprise all they care about is big business making it stronger and giving you fewer choices For example the people who were buying drugs on the internet from Canada to see that story the same And that I want to stop that right Okay, you come off your water if you keep doing that up because we want to be able to gouge the public light In other words if you can buy something for a dollar instead of $10 Should you be able to do that? That's called the free marketplace not if it's medicine and your life depends on it Oh, I forgot about that and you have to choose between having a meal and like taking Your medicine things like that with so many people are doing Well, I'm gonna tell you something I you know, I think I think that a lot of people have this country do like to get raped Did it I really do well, it's funny because it's happening every day I'm in a Sanctuary 10. What am I getting so worked up about here? Okay, just calm down relax. It's Friday We're very excited about that we finally figured out that nine to ten hour We'll just do the comedy but it's night to ten on Wednesday mornings Which I'm sure will upset Pete from all KAT whatever he's but that's what goes you can't please everybody In fact in this town it's a miracle if you've never please anybody. I got it. Yeah, greenless comedy bed time stories screenless comedy bed time stories With two or three polls and music and a lot of music and Some BG you asshole and a lot of sports scores four to three two to one five two maple leaves We could have Zach do updates as a matter of fact. We don't want Zach to an update on this show Don't take it personal Zach. We like you, but we don't have room in here for you We don't do we have room in here for him? No No, this is not a big studio, okay Zach Seriously, I mean, what is he thinking about food And they're gonna give him over good answer good answer like his family feud good answer good answer George That is what he's thinking about and one of these days you know what he's gonna be don't you dad Come on Zach cut with all the guy named plus he's under all of this stress now now they know that dagger is pointed straight to his fat back And boy that's a hard target to miss So he's under the scene or what do you say when we were in there? I was taking a dump and you were brushing your earlobe or whatever you were doing And he said something about you know like 30 sleepless nights and because he's under such tremendous pressure, you know Frey that he might fart in a mose face or like the wrong flavor something later look at him cross side and right away You asshole you're out You know plus give me some good guest damn it here you're my problem You know what your problem is mo一次 for letter word. It's called life How it's speaking of food? How about pago high man the bago highs now under new ownership of the same great name and even better food than ever The bago high restaurant and deliathas south east corner of pints in university has gotten to owners Brian and Fran and The place like I just said only moments ago is even better than used to be they feature hand rule Bago's and everything is made fresh from scratch Life is salad eggs salad tuna salad chicken salad and more stopping the day for the best lunch special in the universe You'll get a sandwich pile how it delicious corn beef to strami turkey or salami fries cool Slopickel and soda only five ninety nine Why waste money on fast food when you can get homemade food fast the friend fresh stop in a day for lunch and see Brian and Fran They're open till three in the PM if you have an party let him customize a party platter for you They've got plettis for any size group or occasion the bago high opens daily for breakfast at six a.m. with hot fresh and made rule Bago's seven days week in a 259 breakfast special which includes two eggs potatoes oatmeal coffee and a bagel Check them out of the southeast corner pints in university in Pembroke pints call ahead for takeout nine five four nine eight seven 8605 that's nine five four nine eight seven eight six. Oh five the bagel high restaurant and deliaths the real Nakhaya Over By the you To No, no, no, no, no, no, no. What do you think? You won't wait for one more. No more! You can't hold? I got enough, I got to think about a top again, right there. And then I don't need a rating that her mind is safe. Don't care! I went to do longer than the thunder, snorted a guy to wait in a little hodder on the guest. You're more. Arouse your guts to go. There's a lot of fat producers, you know. That's right, what's the back side? Well, you won't wait for one more. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. What's your back side? What would you want? Wait for no more. No more. Oh, brother, I'll let blah-bye. I don't understand. And you can eat from a truck while you can both handle. Perfect, that's what you mean, a rating's worth. You just take Clinton and Paul, you are far. And a straight-drip, fat ass out. Well, I'll pick the boat out of you, I found. That's right, that's it. That's it. You won't wait for one more. No more than five. No, no. One more. You won't wait for one. You're going to have Tonya's刷 while you turn the new knife. I can do it. Yezz MITZA bas, Penn's levitating at five, 60 WN FPS talking baby. on fire practically. Let's see, here's the one that says it's time for that old bastard Nelson Mandela beat and by a line and have the line Schmidt on Miriam Maola Fenton have Janet Temporeino called a play by play with Howard No Mode David, Bob Maddox, and a screen stock quotes to the sold out Raymond James Stadium. Oh, brother. Those Tampa people, man. Now that they want a super bowl, you thought they were bad before? Now they're really, move a bit like that. Here's what it's said, this is interesting. It says you spoke about guys that are good looking but get ugly as they take off their clothes. Oh, you won't believe who I threw a facelay from besides crazy HH for more every is. Mitch. And for Mitch from video waves? No. Who is joined with Andy? No, I remember with this. I was in the show. And he's got scoryating me about, well, Sanders, Sandwich, Othla, you're an idiot, Mitch. At least you're consistent, okay? Don't give me lectures about what to say on a year, okay? The organization is just continuing to dismantle the team and don't be S. Me. Anyway, you spoke about guys that are good looking but get ugly as they take off their clothes. I also heard you some time ago mentioned that Matt Damon and the tell that Mr. Ripley looking so pale and pasty, which was on purpose. There's one scene in the borne identity where Mr. Damon is washing a woman's hair and takes off his shirt. Let me tell you, this is one scene and just his arms alone. Make the DVD purchase worth every penalty. Mop, penny, mama, me, it says. How do you like that? See, I can't, you know what bothers me about him? The teeth, he's got when he smiles or laughs like this, something about his teeth. When you see the scene, you won't be looking at his face. It says, of course he doesn't take enough off in the scene. He says it's not very long or he or her or her, but it isn't very long. I thought it was just if he didn't take his clothes off, how do they know it isn't very long? So now I'm not as old. You think they's ugly? I think he's ugly. Like, kind of like, horsey-looking, you mean like a carlassum? No, oh, that's, no, you really have lost it, okay? Now I know that your shipment was coming in time for the weekend. There's nothing. Anybody out there needs some real good drugs and all drugs, okay? Because obviously the shipment came in. You asshole? He's wrong with mediocre. Mad Damon? Right, that's not true. What do you know about guys anymore? What do you know about women? Plenty. I know good looking women. I'm the one to turn you on a Britney Spears. I see him. I got one right. You wouldn't know Britney Spears from your ass, okay? Who wasn't for me and he'd make a lot of me stuff. I know a beautiful, hot-looking, baby, when I see one. That doesn't mean I want to do her, but I sure can recognize it. Well, I know what is it. Oh, I'll push you out there. Oh, well, yeah, when you're sitting right next to one, you just have one. There you go. Just anything that looks anywhere close. Got all mighties. He grow tests. Where'd you find him? Okay, where is one it says? I'm telling you the facts people are psychotic today. What do you mean you're not doing the rock and roll bands that shouldn't be a plan there? You asshole? That's what it says. It's Friday. We want to have some fun. You're getting us all worked up for Alex Brothers. It's an armor last. Why sound a little hyper today? Not me. I'm relaxed. That was wrong with you. Now, the reason we're not doing that pull is because it dawned on me once we started that it would it could go on for like months. I mean, if this is a market where there were like some reasonable music stations, then it would be like limited number. But since they don't play any good groups for the most part, then we could have every every group you like. That's what you'd like to have on that pull. And you'd be right. Even the monkey is George, even though it's still foaming at the mouth about what you say. You asshole. But the monkey's yesterday. A lot of people like the monkey. Yeah, and look, let's face it. We're talking different area. The music that they're sending all these facts and which is a good sign. I mean, we got somebody out of the age of 100 out there listening. I like the monkeys. I don't think they're talking about the zoo. I'm talking about the metros. I'm talking about the music. I don't think they're being underplayed. I can't tell you the last time I heard a monkey song. Chris, I also can't tell you the last time I turned on FM. Do you think that magic is who plays the monkeys? I don't know. Who else would play the whole island? Oh, someone meant it. So how do you know that they're not being played too little if you're not listening? I'm not listening to the radio every once in a while. Wait, what year was this? What decade? What century? 1380. 1980. That's about the last time I tried it too. Fact last time I listened to FM was when I was on Zeta. Sounded good to me. But you're laughing about. We had to invite a way, cast your novel. We had a big, big, big fat numbers in there. Okay. Who now are you? We had like, not just one show to compete with, which is all you got. We had like eight million shows. We're a witch, many of her little borders. In the morning. And tonight, talk to my teacher, Char. FM played those in a long time. Of course, I'd rather hear. We'll wix me up in the morning. We'll make a wix me up with a smile. We'll make a wix me up with a smile. We'll make a wix me up with a smile. What happened to the bird? What happened to the bird? How happened to the bird? I mean, what happened to the cart? The cackle. It should be right there. Well, guess what? It's not Mr. That, if I was playing it once when you were a kid. Right. I know that I heard that. So I know that you were digging with that cart. Okay. And that's what one is not here. And it would be there. Oh, no. Anyway, now what was that in response to? I was in response to the fact that music on FM hear sucks. But they have these amazing things called CDs. And once in a while you might buy one, then you can get like a rebate in between downloading all the music for free from, well, we're not suggesting that, but we know you're all doing that. Okay. From when mixed and other others. What, what do you, what do you, what do you, what's he going like that? Well, why is he putting his, I mean, they're all doing that already. Oh, he's not a secret. He's calling. I hate to read the rebate. I hate to break the news to you. It's not a secret. Okay. That people, I don't want to mention you names are downloading music by the thousands and thousands and thousands of titles free from the internet. And I, you know, what are case of rasser. Here's a appall who's just, oh, you know, who this is, this isn't even appall is not just plain polish at know that. So there it goes. Bishop and Bush's church in New Antewar ad, the National Council of Churches of the Engineering, a television commercial today, in which a bishop of the United Methodist Church, President Bush's denomination, says going to work against Iraq violates God's law and the teachings of Jesus Christ. How do you like that, huh? Why do that? Yeah. Well, this is his denomination. Ten bucks. So thanks to Lord, he's not letting religion interfere with his choices. Jesus Christ, sure. The 30 second ad schedule appear several times a day over the next week on CNN Fox, which is fascist cable news in New York and Washington, is part of an accelerating TV radio and print media campaign by, when without war, a coalition of organizations opposed to invading Iraq. The choice of a method is Bishop as a spokesman is intended to emphasize the opposition of war from America's mainstream churches, and to convey that the peace movement is in the middle of the road and patriotic corn do, when without war's national director, former representative Tom Andrews Democrat a man. Some national TV never said local stations ever ejected the anti-war coalition's ever divided advertising time, signed in the controversial content of its ads. The first spot which aired in 14 cities beginning January 16 showed a little girl plucking pedals from a dayzy during a missile launch countdown followed by a nuclear mushroom cloud. It was a remake of one of the most famous political ads in history and attempted 1964 by President Lyndon B. Johnson's campaign to portray his Republican opponent very goldwater as a war-monger. What do you mean an attempt? Oh. And as an interesting after a goldwater lost that election, how will the sudden became so moderate and so reasonable? Just a minute. Oh, speaking of moderate and reasonable, there's Tommy. He looks like he just came from hell. Now you understand. He calls it. Are we all need the money on the side? Especially when he work here. He's not walking around looking like that by choices. What he's saying is walking around. I look like that because he's in a pan. Okay, here's the result of yesterday's poll. Although I think apparently we ought to do the break first. You know, so we don't have to interrupt ourselves in midstream. A lot of people out there, it's probably their problem. Their sex life business is a should-be. The squirts court is they have to keep interrupting in midstream. Which is not easy to do, by the way. So we asked yesterday which of these statements best describes your sex life results to follow momentarily. So lorry maze and a bunch of lunatics up there said, oh yeah, this is good for this is great. You asshole, God. Look at all the people are out on the beach now. Thanks to these monopolies. All the people in this industry. A lot of talented people. It could be on a year entertaining you folks out there. They can a living, making the radio dial vibrant and exciting again as opposed to stale. And they're talking about deregulated even more. Why not just have Kurt Chanload every radio station? There you go. Then everybody in the world can hear Lard Aslimba on Dr. Lorne and all the other stale crap they got on there. So only one show they got on. Are you sure that anybody would want to listen to? And that's fuel. And other than that, forget about it. Am I right? Yeah. What else did they got? No, be saw me that's smitshit by my stir. Me? I'm talking about that. Yeah. No, I'm talking about them. I've heard his crap. Okay, believe me. Crap would be a compliment. Lard Aslimba your tamper revisited. Oh, and not even good tamper radio. If that isn't an oxymoron. I mean, just the same old stale stuff, you know. How come he doesn't go? Let's go to the how come he ain't doing that. And I'm pretty sure he will be doing it. What can I hire register? Like guilty and crying. Craig. Seriously, when I heard I still don't believe I really heard that had to be a dream. But I heard this morning. I think we call those nightmares. And breath the tent lady and and moishi and boat lady. Joey and. Ah. Hi, this is Brian Craig and I'm here because Steve is on vacation. They had a separate us at the hip. They had to do an operation for Steve to leave the building without me. Yeah, I don't understand if Mr. Ego's on vacation. How did he go anywhere without his entourage? Let me be here at some fillings to fill in or maybe they cloned Brian Craig. Maybe the Arrayleyans cloned him. Huh? A little bit too old now, Brian. Turn the clock back a little bit. Norm said you were pretty good. Hey, do you need car insurance? Have you gotten tickets to the pastor? Had an accident? You have bad credit. If you answered yes to any of these things, call this number. 1-Triple 8-506-7283. That's the number four. Florida first insurance. They've got the car insurance policy plan for everyone regardless of your past record. They've got low down payments and catch you. The car insurance you need for as little as 35 bucks a month. Call him now. 1-800. 1-Triple 8-506-7283. Same difference. 1-Triple 8-506-7283. Florida first insurance offers free quotes as family owned and operated and they've been due to a long time. You deserve the car insurance you're looking for. So call these folks now. 1-Triple 8-506-7283. If you need home insurance, life insurance, health or commercial insurance, Florida first insurance can get your ass covered. And right now is a special promotion stop by any Florida first insurance location. Get yourself a quote and you'll get two free casino cruise passes at the same time. The insurance of Las Vegas now marketing a $60 value. Absolutely free. So call 1. Triple 8-506-7283. Get a car insurance quote from Florida first insurance to get two free casino cruise passes. And don't forget no matter what your car history record is. You have to call this number to give it all straightened out. Florida first insurance for all your car insurance needs. 1-888-506-7283. Hi guys. Do you like my eyes? Wanna get some nice and straws and stuff down some my time? I've been working out. Wanna feel my size? You'll fly high. How do you know if you never tried guys? Tonight I got a date and I'm trying to get my head straight but I can't figure out which spice girl I want to impersonate. And Dr. J said. 3-2-1-3-1-1. Look at that wing boy you're on the team. Well since age 12 I've found out that my first mouth. I never since then never fell the chase in that tail. Look at this star! Then rip my ex-boyfriend's nips off. Kiss him and said. I didn't know this dick made look this up. Look at that part of Paul then taese on my mole. Or Gazz me control as my ultimate goal. Come here, it's black. Wait. Get away from me. I'm your bro, darling. I don't give up. I take them. So take your clothes off. Hi. My name is Phil. My name is Mr. Slimslady. My name is Phil. My name is Phil. My name is Mr. Slimslady. Hi. My name is Phil. My name is Mr. Slimslady. Hi. My name is Phil. My name is Phil. Hey, Mr. Slimslady. Hey, how long I know what was going on this building this morning. I came in and freaky Carlos was bent over a chair behind a reception desk. Anyway, here's the original of the pool. From yesterday, which of these statements best describes your sex life? Speaking of that, 1168 votes. Could be better, 199, sensational, 190, 16.2%. Aren't we jealous of those 190 people? Aren't we jealous? Oh, that's silly. We believe them. Oh, hey, listen. It's all relative. Sensational means maybe they could lead once every six months. Who the hell knows? Maybe it's true. Who knows what they considered to be sensational. Who knows what kind of disgusting Harry grotesque looking women are sleeping with? That smell real bad and have bad breath and burst part a lot. Who knows? Or guys? Let's see, could be better 190, sensational, 190. Okay, 183. Could be a lot better 182. Solo, 127, 10.8%. Non-existent 97. Something of the past 87. I'm desperate, 56. And week, which you pool pooled that, 47. Even though it did come in last. Week. I just thought it was too similar to another entry. Yeah. But another entry is that another one of your little double on tons. There to another entry as in. Well, we'll see what the figure out. I've assessed with. Got her brain. Not me. Here's it. So we got on our website also this column which I'm not going to waste my time with Nick or Crystal, flogging the French. I'd rather we do something else to the French because we're the F. But there is one interesting second paragraph. The European edition of Time magazine has been collecting a pool on its website. Which country poses the greatest danger to world peace in 2003? With 318,000 votes cast so far from all over the world all over Europe. The responses are North Korea 7% Iraq 8% the United States 84%. Ah! So when somebody tells you that the whole world hates us already and that if we start we need to do a wild and crazy things, they're going to hate us even a lot more, which makes our security in your very life worth a lot less. Don't pool pool it, okay? Like Georgia's so quick to pool pool things. You asshole? Yeah. I think I get like a little tremor when I hear him say that. I'm going to admit it. I just get like a little, I don't want to say where but back home. Yeah. He uses that big and eltsrable. Whoever when he says, you asshole! Man. Put me in my place. Here's today's pool, which we think chronic a real sick person out there. I don't want to mention Jeff Heiss for more neighbor. I guess it shows that if you throw enough crap out of the air sooner later, some of it will come down hit the ground. Today's pool movies that made chronic men cry but they won't admit it. Here's the list so far, most of which he sent. Where's the ones that we added? Any idea? Well, I've only got 6,000 pieces of thing here in front of me here. Here it is, here's the ones we added. Well, it's only the one I added, which is Rain Man. That was pretty like it's emotional moments there. Anyway, movies that made me incredible and all the way to admit it, see that by the way, it won't hurt my image. ET, field of dreams, pretty woman, Brian Song, Shinders List. Oh, have you seen that yet? Yeah. Driving Miss Daisy is really good. Rudy, love story. Rocky won, and she dead. Adrian? Adrian? Adrian? For Rocky? No, no, no, no, love story. What was your name? Ryan McNeil. And I can see your face. But then I see that span. Oh, it's coming to me. I think she died. I don't think so. And doesn't he have something like old age or something? Yeah, he has old age. Ryan McNeil's got something. Ryan McNeil and something in love story. Come on, let's see who's got the word the dead brain that disease. I can see her face right now. I'm looking at her. I see her. What's his name? Ray McRough. Ellen McRough. Very good. Ray McLan played the daddy. Remember that? No. Ray McLan played his daddy. No, I don't even know. The hard-hearted nasty miserable odd. You know, as long ago, I think it was too much. So that's good points for me. You've got Ellen McRough got Ray McLan. And Carlos has got Ryan McNeil, who's old and got something. Rocky won and Fatso. And he's got a lot of stuff that's been done in Ray McLan. And also, it's a wonderful life. I got like choice. And you know what? I do cry when I see wonderful life. But not during the movie. That's when I see it comes out of my screen. And then I change it. I cry a lot. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't want to say it. Because Jimmy's. I liked Jimmy Stewart. Like in rear window and in where few movies. I thought he was very good in the Hitchcock movies. Rope. Oh, yeah. But. It's a wonderful life. I don't know. I don't like that Jimmy Stewart. I was telling you mentioned that I keep Joneson for that bit. We have Jimmy Stewart's screws whom Katherine Hepburn. No. Now what what a what kind of a thing is that? We got Jimmy a Danny. Jimmy a Danny. And now the sound of Jimmy's stories. Mickey loved Katherine Hepburn. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. Funny like a little love. I just got a funny. Brain Craig facts. Very bad, very weak funny. No, no, no, no, no. I'm not gonna. You know, it wasn't a new even Paul if I want to get blamed for something or be called an asshole if I deserve it You're right doing them Paul so sorry. It was the other chronic Paul has also become really even more chronic than then we went Chowder Ryan Craig by the way is going to be taking over George's job starting Monday So let's see we got a few here. Huh, and I'm sure we'll get a lot more of these real tears your group at the teeth And from what I'm seeing here on our pool there must be a lot of jerkers out there When you think since we're doing tears today So to see George again, you know, it's the pattern you can't be in a plan that because I think he's getting paid off by somebody This must be this show due to well Get me to uh, play all those unfunny comedy. I thought it was very amusing myself. I thought it was funny a bit to Howard thought it was funny who? You asshole just relax. Okay, stop. Will you stop it? See when you're on by yourself? You don't have the balls now that you got the new contract right now. Drew one I said everything that was worth saying during those two weeks of Vacation About one about anything and everybody him trying to get your ass fired Yeah, yeah and being a hard-ass Yeah, and having a bad hair piece that too and playing too much. My joining shuffleboard all of it And we're chucked pants and having bad vera clothes veins and playing too much golf with old people in Boca Carlos said you never said anything about he's shaking his head. I said never said a word What would he do Not much where's that sandwich pony tear? Let's go. How hard couldn't be? We didn't have to make a big production about this I don't want to sound pushy or ungrateful, but since I saw that I should have taken guilty sandwich you know it screw him Got it's trying to stab my good friend jugs in the back try to get that panther play by play job Hi everybody it's hard for the panther game. I mean, you know what is that? What what is that? That was okay for foster and bill hew it that high-pitched fall settle. You know But I mean I don't think that's the sound that people want to hear on a sportscast. Do you You think so? How would I know? Well, you better get with it mister you've been to a hockey game or two in your time right see Do you want to hear somebody doing play by play? Who talks like that? I don't think so So I'm next time there's one out there. I'm gonna eat gildies damn or it could That's gonna be my new diet by the way Although that's your Bob was on the Donny who last night. I was one of the 10 people watching briefly Men and between hockey games There was Dr. Bob on there. Well, it looks very old by the way. Your close personal friend Dr. Bob Yeah, that can's as good really as if you can do it right if you can do it. I can't do it I'm just telling you right now. I can't do it. He says don't make excuses That's your emotions. I can't do it I need something How about if sweet I Maybe some of them calls a cough drops those holes a sobbing to oh wow by the way Yesterday He had to just speak to something sweet and the atkins die which I just got through Tony is so good for a lot of people and they can do it The lights are white focus is a story that will help you stay on it because other than just meeting cheese and lobster and steak and bacon and eggs You know it that even with all those things that never sounds great, but after while gets ponderous repetitive If you want to find Zidians of other great things that are low in carbs and they're safe for that diet The lights are white spokeer is like a a find in the desert like a miracle. I've got over 600 delicious low-carb food products all in this one great store This week tried the synthly low carb loaf of delicious new bread would just three grams of adjustable carbs for a slice and the delicious taste of whole wheat bread In fact, how come we don't have some of that? What did you do with that loaf that pity-lany brought in that'd be great for like a grilled cheese sandwich with bacon? Took it home. You took it home was it any good? Yeah, that's all right So whether it's carb or light ice cream bread chips muffin cheese case pasta and sauces the lights west book is the place to find it and you can try before you pop it in your post or Before you buy it how's that go? They got an eligible staff open seven days a week from ten to ten and they create the most complete line of Atkins products in the world that are always 25% off all day every day. I'm sure you've heard the reports Maybe you saw Dr. Bob on till Donnie who last night. Maybe you want to fill 10 viewers So if you're on atkins and you want to get a whole variety of great things that are low in carbs and sugar Here's the number one low carb sugar freester in the university lights a west booker and you'll find it on the northeast corner of blades in 441 right next to Boston market or column tool free at 1 877 low carb or you'll find them on the world working wide web at lowcarb.com One of the most acclaimed films of our time is now the musical event of the decade A story about what it is to hope a story about what it means to huh Sorry, I can't be a word with a Daniel de Lewis My left foot the musical My left foot the musical this time he's putting his best foot forward 1047 what when I what are you doing with my food Jeff Cohen is here from the paits a lot of your bra me to put in a what are you doing there? I'm just I like having a mess here, okay I'm not turning in my consciously without their eager sandwich and thank you very very much where's this from again? Fried green tomato Griffin and we're Griffin and a pineapple thank you was very very good grilled cheese on whole wheat bread would bacon No butter could be my new diet So I'm gonna eat his grilled cheese sandwiches with the wither without bacon. What are you laughing about on whole wheat bread? I've read it I'm not supposed to eat bread because it's high in carbohydrates, but you know this is whole wheat bread And maybe George of ring back some of that really great bread. We were just talking about from pitty Lenny That you all anyway here's a facts that says the following two stories confirm suspicions of the Bush regime's fabrication of evidence Look at that fold by the way with all the suggestions on our pull like many facts is not one call on a board for you people are just If you know don't look at us on this end of the show. This end of the show is cooking man is smoking You people out there is a stiff as a piece of cardboard You know what I'm saying because you cannot not come because they're your customers by the way pizza loft two locations Davy and the plantation Right beyond wall greens and plantation you can't see it from the street right beyond wall greens not heaven sunrise It's great sing great food is the other one and she prices in good food What I just say before we got $80 million worth of pre-plied. That's why he's still in business He voted on our poya yesterday said his sex life was sensational You don't have one anymore Since he got dumped by that brought from my mirrors the following two stories confirm what we have bush lying about the EEC I don't think that's right the Report that never existed we have bush repeating we firmly refuted nuclear aluminum tube spriplications and now There's evidence and that's been for quite a while since the 1990 defense intelligence agency report that's how Them did not gas his own people how do you like that? The lies are gonna be deep in dangerous. What do you mean yeah, right? How do you know and if he did it was with our gas anyway we gave him the gas? Yeah, but why do we why do we why do we what did we what did we say about it then? Did we say anything about it then was rummese beer leveter shake it his hand and smiling and kissing his ass Yes, I mean Say it's a good thing his mic is off. Okay Okay, I don't really you know if we went over there we like blue is brains out. That's fine with me. That's great But the idea that we're gonna like start World War three maybe we're got to know is it instigate a whole bunch of terrorist crap And jeopardize the lives of not only our troops with all the American people is a little bit unnerving but nevertheless Why why are you talking nobody can hear you? I'm not gonna turn on your microphone. Are you want to start doing politics now? Do you want to start doing politics? Do you have come into the pizza law with two locations in Broward County making a lot of money in great food? That'd be no no no no no bad idea no. I'm gonna tell stories about you pretty soon. No not a good idea Would be you? Are you starting to make trouble for the automakers now and for the right wingers two movies cook who's nice at the end when Nicholson has the lobotomy I didn't find anything tear jerking about cook who's nice Did you even when the Indian ran out? I Thought it was funnier and hell when the Indian ran out. I thought it was it was tear jerking why? Are you serious no? Dear hunter when Christopher walking goes over the edge I Need you to show me how to eat the edge That's cuz you piled these up on a plate idiot Could you please play the bit Santana plays guitar? I have no idea what that is is that in their Santana? Are there napkins around here something am I gonna have to like smear up everything here get all oily? This is the only man in the world could make like a major giant production about a Chief grilled cheese sandwich which is not that I'm I'm grateful I appreciated more than you never know But I mean a major major production Here's a good fact. It's from the movie. Maybe and it says adding a gross career died. She's still alive We're building this pool, but of course Carlos is doing everything but working feverishly on it He's bouncing around what's that now. I would not let him take care of it. Okay. I don't want sound Greatful, but he's the food man Like I said thanks for bringing him in he can't fight couldn't find one of the gun up his ass 560 50560 we got two and enough napkins already. Okay Jesus Christ How about old yellow Sashon you know chronic Sean and Hollywood says uh maybe it's another Sean Oh, that's the classic We got a couple of most role dealer get that on their Carlos. I'm not right any of these down a busy eating These great the grilled cheese we come assuming you have to pay for oh Or for what huh or for roof And bought a couple of grilled cheese sandwiches for like three and a half bucks and I gave him already $5,000 worth of very advertising in ten minutes and just started Don't start with a policy if he's not going for booze One hey, I'm I don't know what it is. I'm Jones in for a grilled cheese sandwich Which is a lot better than Jones and for like uh yesterday. Why were we talking about spores? Oh, yeah Ice cream and candy all that crap So I Dr. Bob last night. I'm thinking of myself mask here's what it says mask And my left foot which is why I just played that Being a hard-hearted bastard that I am never saw either one of those mask wasn't that sheer was it mask? Yeah, you ought to be wearing one Believe me Christy should have shared it with her ex husband Look at look at how good response we're getting on the phone on this See I'm not gonna I didn't play the comedy but it's nine to ten today. We might do it like a love in a one I love these people that like give me all these instructions and lecture and facts And you do this and you and look at a phone. It's the same old crap here's never got a change never gonna change Here's a car and he and his cell phone is going off in here. Here's a call from Holly would hello Hey, no, how you doing okay? I have a phone for you. I just find anyone not to a brother like a baby when they watch this and it's called my dog Skip more recent film, but it's a real tear jerk. Oh, not about a dog dying Well usually yeah I hope I'm coming up pretty soon and I'm not so sure I cried too much. Yeah, go ahead Defoe Use the play and death leopard Good question. We'll find out for him All right, thanks By the way cheap channel owns and billboards. He don't work for the national head of buy and that's something out in the light bulb Had a buy those billboards or where every works for now Now the rumor is we're gonna have billboards here. I was supposed to be in January, but since today's the 30th British any coming over. No, that's the rumor The same billboards have been promising me since before Jesus was a baby 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T line try to build a pool and no response Movies that may have been private. They wanted to it It's a great pool Even though it came from this smuck and he stole the off the internet. It's a sensational pool And you know what they just wanted to admit to it. That's the problem. Here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir. Hey Jeff stick with the magic show. That's first thing. That's right. No politics man don't these right wingers know as soon as that first bomb drops on Iraq There's gonna be terrorism all over the United States right all over the world. I mean this is just ridiculous And guys trying to find every way imaginable and make some up to just go after a rock I mean this is just this ridiculous I mean that's it. I'm going to the app to the mountains with George have a good time Sad who else is name up there Mark Furman Al Qaeda is making dirty bomb by the way BBC reports British officials presenting evidence which they claim shows Al Qaeda's been trying with several radioactive material to build a so-called dirty bomb They revealed that Osama bin Laden's weapons program was further on than anyone thought But I think we need to go into Iraq because we know that they have some ties. I love that line about well There were some Iraqi officials who were like that one a day of killed in Jordan Once we're in Baghdad. I guess the reluctance said we know that there were a lot of Al Qaeda people In this country, I'm probably still are so why don't we just drop bombs on the US? Oh there you go some ties There's some ties there We know they were in Buffalo. Let's drop some bombs on Buffalo. Oh, I bet you we have a unanimous vote on that I heard they were both eyes. Oh, I hope to add the fall. I'll make sure that when is blowing like south That they had them under flown up there to Toronto's too close Yeah, we're invading Buffalo tomorrow by the way The French and Indian war part two Oh look at that just put a little sandwich right there a Jeff don't take it personal 5 6 7 0 5 6 where and you know, that Eric is building the poll on there as we speak right along during the show See we're all on one page here on a sin the audience by the way still sit out there trying to figure it out Try to figure out exactly and you know who started it all good guy we appreciate it's listing all these years What's always his name the one who's the Pete the KT listeners. We're listening to me hundred years. You asshole You Why the you Have you ever turned on the radio and said that song makes me Well K. O. P. K. Records presents songs that make you one a throw up Yes, I'm sorry that Mickey one is throw up you get sting bye I can please fall for läm and who could forget our class You You know you make me wanna burn You can do the puking sounds that make you wanna grow up You asshole, love it on one and five sixty wqm happy Friday 2. You got a pristine lineup that I know ball games though How's it right? Jim had his one hand gold Brigadier 3 the hurt cool hotline at seven the big eight to ten That's where land well security and biggest the operative word any came from GA attend and you and oh Boy caught myself amid stream by the way happy birthday Joe custom. We forgot yesterday's year just fault He has been ready over it. Yeah, and we said I saw it out of the corner my eye on Wednesday So I get you know, it's better to say it ahead of time, which we did on Wednesday than too late Like even a birthday card to somebody a week after their birthday cuz you forgot it I did just does not have the same impact and I in fact it makes you feel really bad Like you did this just because somebody told you it was my birthday and you missed it and you really didn't care enough to send you very best in the first place And you suck you You asshole Here's a facts from a chronic who says speaking of billboards, but why thanks again Jeff called from the pizza law for a great grilled cheese sandwich is about ten of Good good stuff. Where you say was from the fried pickle The fried tomato Fried the green tomato Oh fried green tomato don't be talking with your mouth full mister. That's bad radio bad bad radio pretty soon You'd be working for clear channel for about about about an hour pretty soon. You'd be working for David Ross And all those other great and p.D. Bulger you asshole You know something that that's what I wish I don't wish ill health on anybody But you know I wish I wish that a certain somebody works in the morning on this station would wind up working for Pete Bulger oh I Would constantly be like squirt squirt down my pants squirt squirt all day long squirt squirt. You having like squirt squirt spontaneous squirt squirt squirt Anyway speaking of billboards I've seen way too much Schmidt snitch. He's one hideous dude and at least one billboard with your old ugly ass in a pop-off It's a yeah, what anything even no outfit just naked anything Not this outfit 567.0560 pound five 60 But I'm not voting until we get the list completed then again the thing is which movie now? What do we say what your favorite movie that made men crab a one-and-middle? It's a kind of awkward way of wording it. Well, how else do we do it? And it was so hard to get them to calls because they don't want to admit it and then they're also asked to be a category on their Eric Never cried a movie Okay, I'm sure that there are people out there maybe even some women Maybe you want to have two categories Like I'm a woman who never cried a movie or I'm a man who never cried a movie we could make it gender neutral I'm not sure who I am, but I never cried a baby movie that made I'm a little trope I want said it will be with Brian Craig cried my eyes up Bald my brains up. You did what what's right bald. I didn't know normal And what was I just saying okay? Let's have two more categories. I'm a woman who never cried a movie and I'm a man never cried a movie just for those people can vote for the other ones I'm not saying everybody cries in the movies like I'm on to silly that week emotional And I was just a movie it's just a movie. Let's see. Oh no, let's see buddy. He had the shoot yeller. Yeah, I didn't see that It was said was it's I don't remember, but I was a little kid so I probably I'll speak into people miss treating dogs Did you see that story on the news last night about that guy? Where was that and Hollywood? Would the two dogs tied to the tree the two of me shit? Oh, and I got my fingers crossed that we don't get a phone call today Two really nice dogs young dog can't I'm tied up with rope the one had the chain around the next So tight I mean I mean my lunch I don't want to tell you how and and flee so bad that part of his ear fell on And the arrest is a guy no food no water a Abuse dogs. I mean just how could anybody do that anybody? Anybody But anyway I guess they're doing okay and they were like had a big thing on the news and they were gonna be adopted or whatever They were in cruel spring some hospital there that lady by the way I'm always happy to help out, but don't push your luck okay lady if I were a multi-made a dare I would just have a whole show here and all I wouldn't have any show. I just be gone But if I still was here, you know assuming I was a schmuck And all I would do is like have people called in for abandoned abused animals and I'd like we'd raise money every day And I'd write a check see what I'm saying like that asshole and right wing or schmuck What's his name? When someone's those money? What is his name? Ben Stein Ben Stein oh I Ben Stein Why do I despise him? Talk about an arrogant e-contestinal schmuck Ben Stein you make me one a you make me nauseous You want to make me get my foreskin back that's how much I can't stand you Ben Stein you asshole Here's Miami hello I don't know yes, sir. All right. Can you hear me? Okay, I'm in the college of a little earplug hand freaking in my in my phone here. You're good I got two pretty good movies that made me cry at the end of them okay Redemption okay and gladiator gladiator With ready-go at the very end when he's dead and you see the sound man That was pretty nice and you cry a little a little bit of a you tear it up a little bit a little bit a little choke it up action Okay, thanks a lot pal. I cry very gladiator starting at about the middle of it when I realized how to What if I knew it was and then all the way rest the way through. Yeah, who's in a Peter North Russell Crow gladiator Yes He was Ron Jeremy and I said Ron Jeremy in a minute while I luncheon. I'm still I didn't gag Didn't gag didn't choke didn't because I'm trying not to think about it How about the Randy West Oh Now what you interrupted me in a middle of a very important thought this I was saying what Give it to me I'll strike we don't see that no sorry Jason and by the way, we don't want to see any more pictures of your extra maneuver That was disgusting right takes a takes a polar words snapshot of his Jay in the bull Don't think I would like to see his O. J in a bull. I'd like to see that like in pieces dismembered Hey, O. J. We hate you by the way and kiss you had any doubts dismembered here. No, that member over there. Here's deer field. Hello Yeah, yes, sir trick one for you and let me interrupt in the good part of it is unlike almost every other pool if you have two or three No problem cuz we're not you know you can have all over saying what's your favorite That's okay First we've become of a deer bench. Oh, what's your limit claim? Yeah, I'm trying just thinking about her now at her psychic reading and the second for anybody would ever serve in the military It's the more recent movie it's with Mel Gibson we were soldier I cry a lot when I see Mel Gibson Thanks a lot now have a great weekend. Have you ever run we were soldiers that was heavy Mel Gibson I won't watch Mel Gibson movie so I mean he's dead to make my skin crawl Nevertheless, I just don't like him. It was heavy. I like teen hackman I like Al Pacino. I like Robert De Niro. I like Most of the actors and actresses I like her and black with her cross dies Robert down in junior. No, I don't like Robert down each one Although he now he was in a good movie Well, what was the name of the guy who I can never think of his name sex lies in video tape what was his name change spader Very good. I'll let's hear it Wasn't he in that movie yeah, he wasn't him. It was that fact I mean at the good looking young what was his name? Yeah, I'll have said I'm lost this is bad for me because when he gets me this old You're mixing your movies. Don't you know who played the villain that movie Jane Spader was in where they were up on a roof And he was like toasting his girlfriend like a marshmallow And he had her tied to that thing and it was about I see that movie that was a good movie The evil guy that came back to town in Chicago wherever and was Uh Well see the reason I paused is that we're both thinking real hard. I never saw that I tell you who the other guy was and I can't believe I can't think of his name. I would remember a movie where a girl was being tortured on a roof Yeah, I guess you never saw that no What's the name of a Carlos? Look up James Spader On the internet because how many movies did James Spader made that? A lot too many to my yeah, you know like James Spader He was no Christian Slater Slow burn He's just looking up the database. Oh, that might have been a If he getting cooked on the leave was a kind of like a burger kind of just like in the the hit your like she was like to be tied between the two Truckers are basically kind of like the same thing see Thomas Hall See Thomas run see Thomas make it 560 Pound five see I can't believe I can't think of the other dudes name that's in that movie. They I mean it's a such an obvious Cano Reeves just came to me see what you know Yeah, he plays the bad guy That would make you happy and In the end I think it's already calm pretty pretty tense. Oh, it's nice rude at for me You're not gonna go see the internet or five that movie you're rent that movie. I like games Spader You hate cano Reeves, right? Which I'm not that fun of a meter See the difference between I've been too fun of an actor actress or having a disliking them so much You won't see the movie like like Mel Gibson Leonardo Yeah, I mean he's just ridiculous. You know he there's what's the point That's like he's like the rascal house of movies. He's like that's all They are like sliced alone. Oh, well, that's another camera. Is there enough money in in the world to pay us to go see a movie with sliced alone? Well, why don't they make us an opera? We'll see I mean you want to know why there's so many dumb people in the world just go see a slice the long movie Yo Adrian I mean that's it that's him yo Adrian that's it. It's all the res He makes OJ look like a great actor Well at least he wasn't some funny movies naked gun was the naked gun and Leslie he also in good Canadian boy by the way. I just spit out a little piece of my sandwich 11 past 11 at 5 60 Hey, let me tell you if you want to put something good in your post. That's good for you how about O'O'O' Met all your meds Mediterranean formulas or advanced combinations of pharmaceutical great olive oil combined with lots of really good Healthy stuff there vitamins minerals herbal's and other nutrients in there scientifically decided to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support Specific health needs look for O'O'O'O'O'O'O' Meds three new formulas which are sleep weight management at co-q 10 O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O'O' Ah-I Veta,'LO YI). Sony Cmon, Olga it Konzaba,moil and Elliot Collins,řian's not running 검찰 saying he's forgot he wants it in format it'd SMS they told me I'm five can Pon claustrum to mic users for eighteen Logan set the device to fire situation in Cmon ice Of course you can always order their products on our website, Oliumetamerca.com. And during football season, Dolphin season, which is only 20 or 30 months away, don't forget to visit their sampling for a new year at Sports Town every Sunday. Start feeling great today with the help of Oliomans. Five local species, five sixies, three years old yours. Oh, a cute way. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, an incredible magic deck, incredible but so�니다. Did they all seem to have any luxuries of reality, just not doing them? love boy, theautre but a secret, is it that he's one plate of fountain that is justSubin. Gosh, let's 줄in Illiniscence! Oh, there's no other again. Though I would not feel for more spools. No! And I would not be ashamed about a ginger and more gay union. Just pull the ribbon stroke in the way. Put the pity for the pity for the pity for your that might bite. Just sound like a nine year old kid. Only a much or many guys. You don't notice? That makes me flip my wig. If ginger was a lover of mine, gang rape is running. I'd bury my bull this feiny nose. Inside is a pimply rare end. No, I would not be a sport home. If I was not the closet of faith, That's why your ginger and more gay union would make me feel gay. Everybody follow my thousand bulls. Yeah, ginger and more gay union. That would make my sorrow fully ass, too safe. If we had a ginger and more gay union, That would make me raped. You asshole? 1118 at 560 WQAM. She's the reason I couldn't think of the judge her. Do you want to know why? That's it. Twenty days ago. Last name reminds me of Mitchers. Oh, it's not a mental block. Anyway, there's a movie called Without a Trace. That's a great movie. I mean, very depressing and very sad. Put that on. And what's her name that plays as she's a great actress that plays the mother of the little kid? Well, look it up, buddy. You got it. You already checked that out. And Judd Hersh is in there. And he plays the cop that eventually. He eventually finds the kid in the end by the way up there. And he went somewhere in some little town in a Connecticut. And he will braw that's got the kid. She reminds me of Beth's mother on passions. By the way, she's not dead. Mrs. Wallace ain't dead. See, I just bore the thrall of passions people. That's okay. They like a little bit of. They know that anyway. If they killed her off, that would be the end of that show. Well, Missy. She's the best. She's absolutely the best. What's the name of the actress? Barbara Hersh? No. Barbara Hersh. Are you off here? Somebody could say it. No. Not Barbara Hersh. Not even close. If on what? No. You want an element? Yeah, me? Yummy. Yummy. Yummy. Yummy. Yummy. She's the star of the race. Without a trace, Versa Tove. No. Barbara Billingsley. Barbara Billingsley played June and Hugh Beaumont is Walley. I mean, he's the dead. And Tony Down. Here's one of the says I'm sorry to bother you. It's from Michelle. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, don't you have an obsession? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You have an obsession? Babe, what if the two say? Again? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. What if the other one says? Same that. Why did Paul go along with me, Caiάλ Kolbe 채amam, twice as sorry, don't you stick with me. My double hand. Which I've said several times, I remember most things, I wasking at 2000. I mean see that's another thing that makes me like an old fart and I'm happy I don't want to be cool. I don't want to be hit by the one to put on an act. I'm an old fart Okay, but down here. I'm still like a teenager, but Adam Sandler. It's gotten out of general weight I think Mike Myers is hysterical. He's very fun. He is and he's a good dog Adam Sandler is not funny. Not you know what that movie was sad. He's a really sad that movie big daddy What wasn't it was said that they made it into a movie it was a glorification of this asshole's Abran anti-social behavior. You know home invading assaulting people and making him a hero out of it because of it That's what that movie was. Christian Tine That's what it says here on this list okay from Brian and Washington Crimson Tide his outside fiction. I don't know put it down there. Okay? It Elizabeth and a few others and then he says and gives us a lot of the award Brian's coming from here's an idea for a pool your favorite male porn star See Brian I hate to break the news to you, but other than you we have like maybe four or five facts Listen to the show. It's number one and number two as far as the heterosexual male population Which is the overwhelming majority of the audience? I don't think most straight guys care about who the guys are in a porn movie at all right good call Huh We don't even want them in there as if we had a favorite one And that's right most guys have preferred there wouldn't be nothing but lesbian scenes, but the you know the guys will be they're just with too Just leave for like a little squirt score daughter something else to keep the babes all worked And speaking that Bob the builder says WWE and Debbie does Dallas made me cry because I had a cast in my hand the time I saw it He only has one hand Debbie does he's not Amber Desteros. Debbie does Dallas was a great porn movie Whatever baby woods, but see now there's a man you never saw it. David has that not ever said if you don't take you thought you thought that Brittany was caught Okay, bandy woods ain't far into her behind okay. She's right there now it's old Bob that you could still find it I'm sure Debbie does Dallas. There's a lot of time ago. Yeah, maybe on a real Trying to think of well-smilded the usual cast of Mr. In fact, they see the problem with a male porn stars in Ostraight movies is that It's the same Eight people but they're like nasty prisoner scapeys with the jailhouse cats and the greasy hair Not a long ago though. There were maybe a couple of guys that looked human back when time bar and decided to become a freak and wanted to be like I don't home as part two. Huh? I don't remember that time bar I don't remember any attractive male. It's not true not ugly. Not true nasty True big nose hairy not true Harry Reems was in like one movie was in deep throat. Yeah, that's the one I saw and that was in his name that was just an act If Harry Reems does band beat well, whatever. Yes, he would 5 6705 60 were building the list on here. Of course if Eric would put Rayman on it then I could vote I don't want to get pushy, Eric, but and he has no way of knowing that because you haven't facts in the rest of the list yet See I'm looking at it this way since this is the pull for the weekend There's no emergency on here, of course and our Carlos has been after leave early today because you gotta go to the bank and give them a bunch of pennies and try to cover that bad check. I mean and Now what time you leave them? By noon about 10 minutes from now any minute So this is gone Gonna fall on your uh, oh there he goes What's a big deal, okay? Tell parents to cover it I've heard for the status movies are ET we had that terms of endearment So did we mention without a trace with Kate now again? There's a more is there a Some show on TV now couple out of trace. Yeah, that's got nothing to do with that movie. They just stole the name Are you seeing that right? Yeah, and a little kid this Appears and then they think that the fact I mean at the worker or whatever it really was the handyman did it because he was gay And they found the soil bloody panties and he turns out he cut his hand in the sink or whatever kind of like OJ You know I haven't said anybody they cut their hand in the sink right And then coming to find out that old bag had kidnapped that little kid and The end of the movie. She's coming home with her groceries in her arm and that dog I think was a golden retriever wasn't that the dog Who played the dog by the way look that up Carlos classy and last he was not a golden retriever. Okay, mr. I know God Street magnolia is what do you say about that? Never saw and tracing Kendall says the status parts actually saw these I never saw ET does that make me a bad guy? No, it makes you lucky It was good in its time, but hokey yeah, okay? So, I hope he hokey hokey that's all it is hokey. So you know what's the obsession with hokey Virginia please please please please go They do a using boy Oh, yeah, we had the store and this guy before Earlier a romantic happily priest play to go to the day to sexually using a 14 year old boy 1982 was given a suspended a 20 year prison term suspended a sentence Prince George County circuit judge told the Reverend John Pete blankmanship that if he missed behaves during that period He would impose the entire 20 year sense the maximum allowed by and for the for for the four courts The prosecution said the crimes took place between June 82 November 82 when the victim has mother went to the church of the sacred part a heart in Prince College George County do housekeeping chores the attacks occur when the boy was left in black and jibbs care And so we get say suspended a sentence how do you like that? What a joke? Why were we heard from the Vatican that they get one freebie anyway, don't they? As long as it's not passionate here's when it says how is mistaken about today survey never saw my husband cried during Stepmom it would never admit it. Thanks is tracing count more tracing candles just quiet She may drown in her own tears like Alison Wonderland like Alice at the palace 560 50560 see now we're getting this going a little bit. I like the way we did the show today by the way so far But he looking at me. I'm just I'm just telling it worked for me as opposed I mean you like the comedy bits because then you just sit back there and bull crap with him all in the whole hour And it's like a freebie out the web like you want to get paid for just sitting there on your ass talking to somebody. Yeah, could I like me 27 after 11 although I think I may be talking to a few more people and you're not necessarily that many lately But hey, do you need car insurance if you got in tickets in past that netizen? Do you have really bad credit if you answered yes to any of these things? Call this number one triple eight five oh six seventy two eighty three that's the number four Florida first insurance I'll never read a grilled cheese sandwich again by the way. It's very good But in other words I got my fix do you follow the same? No, what do you say no more no mass anyway Florida first insurance has got the current year in policy plan for everybody regardless of your past record They've had low-down payments can get you the currents you need for it. Well the 35 bucks a month so call them now one triple eight five oh six 70 23 I would have sworn I saw pity Lenny stick his head in it and you didn't slam that or fast enough Carlos Idiot Florida first insurance offers free quotes is family owned and operated with a years of experience He deserved the current insurance you need so call him now one triple eight five oh six seventy two eighty three If you need to home life health or commercial insurance Florida first insurance will get you covered and Don't forget right now is a special promotion stop by any Florida first insurance location Get you a quote and get two free casino cruise passes Compliment of Las Vegas down marketing a $60 value absolutely free so call one triple eight five oh 6723 Get a car insurance quote from Florida first insurance a good two free casino cruise passes Don't forget no matter what your car history record is called one triple eight 506 7283 that's one triple eight five oh 67234 Florida first insurance for all your insurance needs You a M it's nerve When the jobs drop their bonds we bomb them bad and now the soddies they hit us hard and on our hearts are little flags has that so darling Oh By I don't want to be a pacomeranist in the god of USA What's a few thousand innocent lives? Stop living in the mess. If you want that as you lead to dry, you're gonna need more gas. It's the greatest country in the world. They train us to believe. And anyone who says that, obviously, ends up for to be. And thou'n varies to be an America. Are you where we take three all of it, please? We have a flag and would ask, with our cannon, the sest, and lightly follow the powers that he have a theft. Oh, f***! Of watching steak produce on a 60-by-win-screen, scratcher balls and pie, everything's okay. In the god of USA. Don't mess America. Got the majority later, and the sting was centered like a... centered fine gold, peep. 26 till noon, I just, that's as much as I can take. I have the president as a guest on our show day for a couple of minutes. Couple of seconds. How about the champ with Rick Schroeder? And I was telling Jeff Cohen as much as, of course, he don't care, but I actually saw Rick Schroeder on some of where I was channel surfing the other day. In fact, maybe it was yesterday. I don't know what it was in a show, a movie or what, and he actually looked almost human. Rick Schroeder. Just turned 62, but it looked too bad. Because in the past, I always found him extraordinarily anxious and uncivil. Wasn't he in that movie with the Brad Pitt? Yes. He played his brother. The other side of the tracks or whatever that movie wants. That's it. Was that the name of the movie? Something like that. Other side of the tracks. How do you like that? Them their tracks. Now, when we go back to the pool of the day, about the hottest person, and who I'm going to tell you, Brad Pitt in that movie, see? In that movie, that's a long time ago. You just like, underware scene. Yeah, of course. Listen, if it would have been like a fat witch in his underwear, I don't think I would enjoy it. A lot of people could have been people in their underwear. That's not the point. In their food alone. Anyway, we're doing your favorite. How are we wording it? What's your favorite movie that made Ben cry, but they won't admit it. That's a very good way of wording. Who did that? Did you do that or Eric? Carlos. Carlos said he'd done it. Eric says on the other hand. Ordinary people. Did we already do that? With Mary Tyler Moore. Is that one? Yeah. I don't know. Yeah. I cried that I spent money. I got to watch a little bit. Zucker. Good mood. Zucker. You spent money. We'll be with Mary Tyler Moore. Holy crap, man. You're like not too sharply, since all the pressures start getting to. You know what I'm saying? You asshole. God. What a waste of a budget. That not be proud with Robbie Benson. Huh? Speaking of people, I used to look really, really good. Or is that movie one on one where you play the basketball player? I guess that would be the coach to stick it up as ass with the Red Hot Pokers. I'm like that. That not be proud. Robbie Benson. Had a heart attack. He still Jewish. He's still circumcised. He still looks the same. He's like 71 now. Still looks the same. He has a wife, you know. Hey, I was there running. Did anybody ever accuse him of being? He was never fat. He, okay, no. He was just cutesy. I mean, almost to the point cutesy of being a like annoying. You know what I mean? Yeah. He married the chick from the meatloaf video. Yeah. You know, the one that the white tank top for. And nothing. And. Here is somebody we got several for Tom Hanks movies, which I'm my stomach is turning now. See this from the grilled cheese sandwiches are from some or both. Tom Hanks and Philadelphia where you play the AIDS patient didn't see it. This is after Tom Hanks started to take himself seriously, which nobody else in the world really does. And also we had one for four is dump. We had two votes for that. Get put it down. It'll give me like a look like that because life is like a box of. Schmidt. Is that what those billboards say? Life is like a bunch of Schmidt. Tom Hanks and Philadelphia and also. Forest dump. He started taking himself serious. I'll say it again. Who's who's who's the abroad? It was an M movie. The in force dump. Not enforced dump in a bathtub movie. They mermaid with all of his name. Darrell Hannah. There. Oh, what's there? Hannah. Oh, and I'm asking you what was her name? I'm embarrassed about that. I know my dear. Oh, Hannah. Hannah and Barbara too. Darrell Hannah and Tom Hanks. That was his speed. That was right. I was he was just fine right there. You know, fake. That movie. Big where he plays the little kid. Then to that. That was all right. I ran out. That's right. He played the little kid who was like old. Or swap bodies or something. He, he, he, yeah, the little kid that he wished that he was big. So he turned into an adult. I do too. Little yeah. I wish I was big. Here's Mike to chronic who says work. And I find a poorly mentioned about the US being the greatest threat in the world as available online. What's the source will I'll tell you? Ask the right person might because you can go to neo-rungers.com. And I'll tell you right now. I'll tell you which one of our bedtime stories. And I wish a lot. I keep telling you this every single day. We love having you go to our website to vote on the pool. That's one of the ideas. And of course, because of a well-sucks, only a very tiny fract to the people are actually able to vote to rest and see the result. But underneath the pool, clear channel defense radio biz on the Capitol Hill, which we've read a little bit of flogging in the French. And I say again, do something else. It begins with an F to the French empty promises. All Bush wants his Iraqi oil says Mandela, the bishop and Bush's church in New Anti-Warad. Cheney says, survival of civilization is at stake. And so is a lot of oil too, by the way. Lax security, my international fake IDs past Perusal, which was on the front page of the hero today. Al Qaeda was making dirty bomb. That's from the BBC. LA County begins smallpox vaccination. So now those we didn't put around there. Flogging the French is the one you said. Oh, that's right. Excuse me. Well, how do I know from the name of the article? So it's a good thing Mike De Quannicass, flogging the French by Paul Cragman in New York Times. Or was it Nicholas Kristoff? One of those guys. One of those Smith's observers. And you're fighting the second paragraph. You won't have to look too far. Pull in time magazine in the European edition. They interviewed 80 trillion people. And like everybody said, like four or five said, we're a scared of Georgia WN the USA. He used to be our friends. He used to be okay. We like to over charge in Gauge him a little bit, but that we never stole a freight train. But now we're a scared of the good old USA. Just a here's a Jennifer in Miramar says how about the killing fields? How about peppy fields? Strawberry fields forever. Sally fields. She bothers me Sally fields. Yeah. I mean, I don't hate her. No, no, no, no, no, you know, she might be in the family. She's actually married to him. Kurt Russell. Who's Kurt Russell married to? He was married to Kuala Khan. He's starting to go to Hongkirt Russell. And you want to know there's one thing I think of every time I see Kurt Russell. You know what it is? I know. Walt Disney. Sure. Me too. Mickey Mouse. I know. Those tough movies that he made like a scape in New York. I like the old. Next to Ryan Leckold, he's married to Kurt Russell. She was. I know. What, and I think she still is. She was. She could do a lot better than that. I mean, you know, maybe that maybe he's a wonderful guy. You know, maybe he's well in doubt. I don't know. Although he's still kind of. I know. Mickey Mouse to me. So anyway, when we got that killing field, so we agreed with that, she says what if I'd testically sad movie, how could you not cry through a end of the end? Let's see, we all have a Ericsson build in this now. I'm a man who never cries in movies. I'm a woman who never cries in movies. Good work, Derek. Look at all of the, look at all of the days that writing to Ericsson life. As he's now building this now, I can vote for Rain Man. Thank you. Rain Man was good. That's when Tom Cruise could act. And you still live or something. Born on the 4th of July. Or Shinders list or Shaw Shank. We know. No, we're saying things. I'm not just saying things. Those three. Su me, okay. I never saw those three movies. Is that okay? He thought he did a good acting job in Rain Man. He blows himself away in Borda. He does what? You always say that. Best acting job. You always do that expression. I start thinking about Ron Jeremy again. Best acting job by him ever in his history, in his career. By Tom Cruise by Tom Cruise. Now that's not saying it awful lot. He walked through Rain Man. In other words, it was no frisky business. No. I mean, Emma was cute. Oh, well, I'm not going to win it. I was cute. He was adequate in Rain Man. He was spectacular in Borda. He was not adequate in Rain Man. He did a really good job. All the way out of the problem in Rain Man is he played himself again. That's just it. He played that story with a typical Tom Cruise rule. He's on the phone. He's Mr. Cool. He's got the shades. But yeah, he played himself. What a thunk it. They had to threaten me. They had to hold it gunned in my head to watch that. Movie. And they were right. Yeah. Good. 18 till noon at 5. 60 W. You can't win unless the car this morning. You notice how Schmutzie or Car was. I mean, really filthy. You didn't have time to wash it. Those so-called car washes a gas stations. Can't get it done the way you want. Here's a great idea for you. Take your car this weekend to University Car Wash and Loub. I'm University drive between Sterling and Griffin Roads and David. They do it all for you. Full service washes, the less washes, hand washes, complete detail and rush hand pulling too. Right now University Car Wash and Loub. You can get unlimited full service car washes. Wait till you're this for as little as 32.95 for the entire month. I'm going to say it again just 32.95 and get washed every day if you like. The oil change get a complete quality pens oil oil change and free full service car wash for only 22.95 when you sign up for their free preferred customer card. So keep that new car shine all but along with a university car wash and Loub. If you're a snowboard need to get that car look and brand new again. Stop by at University Car Wash and Loub. This weekend get the O' you know who's on the way to speak in your voice cracking? Oh Harvey. Good. No wonder they're getting those demographics done. And I saw that for about four seconds as I was channel serving. Pa Harvey. Good day. I'm Larry King. And the right day. The camera crew was taking bets. They were picking odds and who was going to quote first right on camera. So this weekend get the schmutz and gram off your car by stuffing by University Car Wash and Loub. They're the best in the University Car Wash and Loub and you find them on University Drive between Griffin and Sterling and David. This this is which we are driving through the Walker Tunnel 2017. UK warmer but not 9 nerds. No baby. 50. And say cheese. GeandMe I subbed to whom you made the ball. What do you want the time fromığer to feed someone to buy from the shop? And the spells are not like an arm, Pick for a bad egg, Why didn't you die of disease? They saw the mighty in the sea. Staring in the holes of going And for torturing long is a rad And if you complain, Oh no! Right there will be two of the rusty chains And the slaves, if they don't serve no food But you get seasick, they need it back to you Life is very hard And the fortune of a star Okay, here's one of the facts, it just has a big letter of Amastad You see it? Was it said? He pressing? Was it said? More bid? How about the great chanting? That was pretty depressing Did it make you cry? No Let's see, look what I got here, you're not going to believe this Look at this Look at it, it's red, yeah, and you don't want it The folder, nice folder, right here Trying to like Israel and the Palestine and Israel But by this one wrote a book in the Spanish and Gwazician Oh great, I don't care about anything Or this book or the author But it's another nice red folder It's like getting worn out right So it can have like, in fact, I'll just write Toronto on this one This is my Toronto folder and the other ones my Miami folder Isn't that great? Or let me take all the crap out of it too Yeah, yeah, I don't care about this I don't care about that I hope they're not listening, whoever went to all the troubles send me these pages And don't care Ah, beautiful What a great day, free grilled cheese sandwiches for lunch from Majefkoan A beautiful red folder And a pole that's smoking Starting the smoke 50 votes on there. It's just one out of Eric just got it up moment ago and the pole two Let's see here. We got one woman who never cries in movies and we got seven men Do you believe that? Never cries in movies? Okay, I mean we got a ticket word Brian song got seven Old yellow's got six shinlers list got five E T four. It's a wonderful line that's changing again Now see they know what's up there's gonna be changing like like wildfire Brian songs got 10 Old yellow six it's a wonderful life for dead poets society three and everything else small potatoes just got under near rangers.com Here's the world of current a garp with robin Williams. It says made me cry All right, how about that doctor movie patch Adams Wouldn't that make you cry when you see a guy like that would they you playing it with a clown nose? Yeah Oh, here's the doctor's gonna save my life my last breath and a guy walks in with a clown nose on I guess you can't take that quite too serious Okay, my girl and not always you got a clown nose on it making even worse. It's robin Williams Who's still talking and that's saying he's still doing that same sticky day Is he ever no, never he's always on I'm not too big and people are always on I am Sam with Michelle five for enchanted says this facts I am Sam But we've already guy with the kid. I don't know you you think I saw that I watched the first 30 seconds of it and You cried it well I was starting to so I changed it really quickly Well, I guess it fits that put it down there. I work with that's all it is. It's just from the very beginning here's your kind Yankee and yanking your house. There's a lot of people looking yeah, okay, what's fun about that? Good morning Neil how about these to green myelis is my husband cried and I think there might be a little bit of a type of here It says Kramer versus Karma that was good movie by the way Kramer versus Kramer right now, but you know Or was it just an opposite well see the other same person and Meryl Streep know it all like her yeah, girl Streep gives me the creep Huh you like Meryl Streep, yeah, she's kind of like I don't know too skanky scrawl I don't know what's other about getting no whole thing yeah green person green while got that and Kramer versus Karma a Kramer That's Brad Kramer against Harry Kramer The champ did we got do we got the champ right there it is only over got my dog skip. Oh John and Lake where it says my dog skip And speaking of love story Ryan O'Neill Ryan O'Neill in the pride of the Yankees The Lou Gehrig story where it comes out there it first base in a microphone and says The local man, you know that's you know one where she said I'm lucky his man even I'm like dying over here. I got this sort of a Gary disease Oh Man, hey, here's the facts from Pete from Kendall. I saved it And here's the one it says have you ever seen Brian Craig and guilty in the same team together 567 056 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line one thing we do know is that guilty has got a much larger penis than Brian Craig Because the sports people around here have to shower together at the end of the day every day Nordicine guilty still no only Brian's I check with everybody else around here. They went like this Arms extended wide here is for a lot of day. Hello Okay I Okay Oh yeah Yeah What's the other one? I don't know he'll call back. He has phone crap that you're making fun of the guy because his phone crap Up it was very amusing well, maybe he's crying You know, maybe he's crying this fall your phone crap that call us back Believe me, we're not trying to make fun of you all though it was kind of fun. They can funny 567 056y look the sluts face of these stay the knee art isn't so great the state ain't so great because it's Florida, you know But maybe some day will be able to have like cell phones that really work in that course That's when they'll ban all uses cell phones and curse all together and we'll be out of business 567 056y and it's you know it's good thing I got practice on those bedtime stories Yeah, what I know dummy I speed chase with a postal truck and Miami on Fox news. Yeah, we don't care I don't turn on Fox news on my TV. It has an automatic shutout Won't go bring it in all the other local channels to oh Which is on channel 4 which is on 3 are you saying yes? I don't see nobody on What are you talking about? Channel 3 on there it is mail truck chance. So it's probably the safer course He's probably getting desperate probably made threats is probably what we've heard none of the mailman's going So do you you've been involved in a lot of these and I'll ask you a hypothetical if you ever been involved in a in a situation like this Oh, I sure hope he's not listening to this show and we now know that the met the Prologue okay at least chopper once the state over top of this vehicle But we're in a situation where the person who is in there with a male carrier is a little bit agitated by the Helicopters do you think that The police might ask might ask the TV choppers to back off. I tell you one thing they better because they look how close they are the picture You can even like see his armpits before or the person is obviously made threats against an helicopter But just a guy I can see that happening definitely at least asking us to stand back While you people expecting your social security checks in that one area by the way Good luck to the police helicopter in relation to the due to they take a little more liberties without the food They take a lot more liberties. I think I might be able to get a shot of it here You know something Steve Wolford is like a real newsman. I want to say that over there channel four We're saying we don't have too many news people. They really but Steve Wolford I like a lot and who's the other one to brought it Sun there. I can never think of a name and not angel array It's not with Steve Wolford for a child for who's you told me the other day He would just tell me the other thing who was I forgot damn it. She's good. Okay Can you give us an idea? Where is that? Her name is not Elliott Rodriguez make so many turns and twists and moves. Where are we? South down a 22nd Avenue coming up on the palm meadow. Oh Coming up on the palm better there are 22nd Avenue. I hope that when he's mail a truck's going to come out And as we said the police ground units have ended their part of the chase So we understand that there are no longer police on the ground chasing this Mail truck pull it over you idiot you asshole. We believe a hundred Situation a mail carrier and not that truck and another person He would be totally holding that person hostage Maybe you found his check from Edmund Man and come out to find out there was already a deadline two days ago The police helicopter continues to follow this truck as it makes its way southbound 22nd Avenue As you said Tony it was for the palm that they still are they still are there's treasure island just went underneath the palm Are the police still ahead of the truck trying to hold off traffic? They'll they are any way back there, but maybe he wanted to have a file back They are still following the truck. We got a mail truck chase in South Dade right up on it like they were before Is this in South Dade how can it be in South? No, it's a North like I said if my treasure round If the person in that mail truck? I mean you got a way to treasure around maybe once you go see a bus You don't understand we can't understand the cell phone or something like that other than just yelling out the window Which that person is apparently done a couple of times yeah all the threats have been made at people standing around You saw earlier you saw him come to almost stop with there's a group of people Apparently they are pulling in the left hand lane now the threat. He's just made it to the left turn lane by standards on the street There's a stop light and gonna stop Nothing, I don't think I'm gonna say that Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, I don't know if there's been a shots fired or anything Well, maybe he was being held a hostage you think yeah, what street is this? 22nd How do I Think you're wrong. I think the kid was behind the fence. Do you think the kid? Okay, don't go with the fence? No, I he that way were looking They were ghost makers You get almost make out the profile of somebody leaning over some of the Real containers Supposed this guys are you off the Natural area. I was just gonna say I would be starting off in a neighborhood went to one of the main highways Coming to a stop now. I can write down a record Park on the other side of that. It's stopping the truck Stop maybe you can't read deliver the mail there. I think it's the pit stop speed and this has been as we've been following it has been a low speed chase Now wait a minute So I'm gonna pop this on to what goes that all talking Back Why the you best it? No signals hiding a lot more than guns They say they're weapons a mass destruction I say we say a couple mega tons bomb in a rock In the GoPro they're on I think it's time to give his blood a well So it's time some of those people on their Is Till there's nothing to see I'm here now, just sad and 60 feet deep, I'm here now. Blow up the cream, I'm here now. And they say, that's a girl, and she'll go to the fair. I'm going to go to my home, and my phone's closed. If we laugh, we'll love you around. Lamo singing, by mirror. Ooh, by mirror. What's all this stupid bowl, by mirror? I'm here now to get no gold, I'm here now. Okay, here's the very emotional facts. By the way, the pull is up, what's your favorite movie that made Ben cry, but what did me that Brian song 18? I was there to prop it on a sports station like you. It would be a sports movie, and I wasn't very good movie, by the way. And you who's in that, what's the song? James, come on, very good. And who played Giel Sears? I forgot. I don't remember either. And who played Brian Piccolo? I don't remember. That was a, what's the name, James? Good movie, Brian song 18. I'm a man who never cries that movie 17. Okay, we have to take it your word. I mean, if you want to be a macho man, if you want to put on a good act for us, you've never ever cried it. It will be never about a tear to your right. I've got a little choked up, little gannol. Huh? You buy it? Boca Brian recommended one. So I wrote it down. Okay. The amazing colossal man. His own son had to pull the switch. Pull the switch. The switch that turned him off. The turn his life off. But that sounds like guiding light like Riva and what's his name, Richard. Well, that's right. You don't watch that either. I need it. Why anymore? Schindler's list 10, ET 10, all the other nine. Oh, gee, we don't have to put all the other down. It's a wonderful life. Makes me want to put James stored down. But I guess it's too late. Feel the dreams for Rudy Ford did, uh, Poets Society for Shawshank for Rain Man for. Well, I feel a bit about that. We meant to go for it. I was my vote. My dog skipped three. How about my dog tiny? I'm sorry. See, I'm not going to sound insensitive because maybe, I mean, you know, just that time, tiny. Mask three. Love story of pair. I'm a woman who never cries and movies too. Wow. Filly D Williams. Played, uh, yes. Thank you. Have I said the other guy? Gale, say why no. Water, Peyton. Do you even know Brian? Jim Oban. I used to live right by his park. Brian, tickleau park. Uh, then I say, love story of pair. Well, all these others either have two or one. Fats. It was about one. And I don't get it. I don't understand what. I mean, I guess if you're as fat and frustrated as he was, you know, didn't have a happy ending the wall together. Yeah. Sure. He got married. And they had all of those kids. And it showed pictures he was slimmer. He was fatter. But in the meantime, life went on, you know. You ain't the only. Yeah, that was the problem. She was great. I said, any poll we take on underredness. That would be a good poll underrated actors or actresses. And bankrupt. Right. She's just great. And you know that she wrote that? No. Yeah, you told me that before. I think he directed them. Not sure, but she at least knows things. She's great. She is great. Mary de Mel Brooks. Right. So can you, can you, how'd you like to be a father? Oh, that house. But I don't know. Like an even worse than Voka Brian's house. Well, here's a facts from Harris. Kay and Carl Springs who says, for all you peace nicks that don't believe all kind of and can have a way to listen to such truth. So what we've all seen is kind of a big sum of our enmity together. Our benefit the same ones who think the mob is nothing to do with gambling. Right. It's an ancient. It's an ancient that saw them as brainwashed odd. Your mini minds and making him look like some kind of a saint. Have we ever said he's a saint? No. No. And we never said he's a saint. No. And we never said we want to keep them alive. No. And we never said He's just saint though. No. attacking South Korean Japan, trying to take over Taiwan, Indian Pakistan going nuclear, uh, Indian Pakistan going nuclear? I thought they don't like for that. I rack blitzing through the Middle East, etc. We should, and as far as Iraq blitzing through the Middle East, I hate to break the news to it, but Israel has these things called nuclear weapons. We say haven't used so far, thus far. As yes, as Moe was saying one, I think there have been a complaints by the University of Miami as yes. We should all get our news and pray that every day that France does not replace the USA as a world superpower for the world would turn to CREP. CREP, is what he's trying to say? Have we defended France on his program today? No. Oh, and that's right. I'm doing this face. I'm doing this face. I'm just wondering what was somebody? The conversation is. The music side right is can't help but wonder. So this male man is being hijacked, which is what I thought. That was my first and the worst shots fired. He's got somebody with a gun. And now he stopped at some residents there in Opalaka and he's talking to some lady who standing by the fence in Chattano. Everybody stopped talking to him. Maybe he wants to grill cheese sandwich. I don't know. Maybe he heard the show and he got the Jones of Grilled Cheese. And he took someone in one of his police units. Yeah, earlier. Yeah. Tony give us an idea. And the best part of his, he stopped to make a couple of male deliveries along the way. Still around the area of 27th Avenue in about 150 first. They just keep going and circle. Let's go over there. That's what we're doing. You're so much. That's what we're doing. That's true. The Avenue. Yeah. Are you idiots out there? Listen, don't be a zipping over into that area. So it can like rubber neck. Okay. This is like we don't know the guy. The male guy, the letter carrier inside the vehicle is obviously his life is in jeopardy. Got an arm to wacko and the thing. And he's been hijacked. But, you know, he's been mailed Jack. But the situation is with the police units there that are in pursuit. They're way off now. They, they are in the area. They're probably setting up grids or trying to figure out what they're doing. They're probably keeping an eye on the unit. They just made a u in there. They're some more buddies. I know some more guys on a corner. I don't know what you're doing. If I was in, I'd get the other. They're getting an arm to the middle fast. Those kids are getting out of their real front toe. Anyway, so anyway, and it goes on to say it's only a matter of time before the world will thank America for pursuing freedom all over the world. Right. Okay. Whatever you say, sir, just keep twisting our words and keep manipulating back again again. So, that pretty soon we can take over the whole world. We can have like the British Empire. I worked out real well. Everybody can be free like we are here. Right. Like the beast. So, the beast just came in to get weighed. Alright, let's do the break and after the break, I love the exciting news. I've just had much more weight to beast as long as I don't want to put any pressure on him. But it'll better be a real significant amount. It better be a real good amount, or might lose the account. Okay. Follow him, Sam. It better be a big fat amount. And you're going to blow the account. And you know what they're going to say to him? If he hasn't lost a lot more weight. At least five pounds. I don't want to put too much pressure. At least five pounds since last week they're going to say, you asshole. Ten past noon at five sixty. WQM is speaking of food. Close your ears, beast. Don't listen to those floors. It's really, really good. Good thing he wasn't here that Tuesday when he brought us the food here. The studio. It was a sensational. He brought us back to those old and days at IOD. We used to be on the Sunday night's free causeway. We're going to even just have lost some weight. He looks down right. Oh, the on right fat. He does. But not his head isn't as fat as it was last. We've been a gut stuck in the door. Or he grew some hair. Groost him is the obvious word. Anyway, freshly made pizza dough and fresh baked garlic rolls of floors. They make him right through every day. I'll write on the spot. The portions are gigantic and they use more cheese and meats on their pies than anybody in town. Boy, you think the Georgia's got cheese. Georgia Miguel thought the food was great too. And especially if they like the price. You'll be fighting for that last slice of pizza. If it's from if it's from floors, but don't take my word for it. Find out for yourself. Go to 731. North East 79 Street. Just out this game. Boulevard or call floors at 305. 758. 53. Fifty-one. And get all your stuff delivered. They'll deliver from 34th in the skin. All the way to 135th in the skin. They'll go to Quasad. Crickard Clive. The Jackie Club even does far west is 12th Avenue. He's to column 70 first. Call him. If you're nice to little Judy. He'll tell you about the great pizza specials. Like 1399 for large cheese. Pile to a soda and six delicious chicken wings. Call floors now. Call score 575-853-51. And be sure and tell that. Neville Roll PD Lenny sent you by. My life. And low. 640-56. You're the only 2-way. I am the get it on. ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... My own asshole. The day isn't wyp it and I'm changing my own opinion. My own face on lionized 돈 with redg Ésán molt français. ... I don't know why they hang me. Oh my dude! He was red wing, and must be closed. I got, was red shmoopler with red integral! Another brain tree. On my arm.yson. Like a ram guns now. I got min gyms on my nose and nobody knows that under my glos. I wentanty horse. But I'm no mean. That I'm gay.如果剪Hingsродia, when I see my legs, I can't go to a surgeon, but that's just me to shit this. I wouldn't want to walk now, but look at like John Rivers. Where am I? I might have loved you, just the fat little freak. I did him a favor, but now we're getting a forginge. But reason I dismissed that, thinking fat bastard, is the guy I see wouldn't shut up? Any can't play conescent. I saw that he caught me all over there, nobody talks when I ran. I ran tenu talk. Look at me, I'm hit hit, I ain't no swear. I'm a thing done, daddy. I'm really dead. I'm a thing done, daddy. Man, I'm really dead. I'm higher, anyone I want. I don't care. But believe they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair. I got fired myself, it even happens to the grids. With one one said you can add a hair loss, we break your legs. So now I sit by the bull, life's as good as it gets. With my collagen cartailed, placing bets on the ginseng. Paradise. Paradise. I don't kiss somebody's hands in paradise. I'll be shuffin' not the screw kids when I get the jails. But the green is already wet my line green pants. Along with that take, Kelly calling the plate. It was just a little thought, so what I left this day. I guess I think that's funny when I knuckle sandwiched money. I can do what I want because the management loves me. Can I tell you something mo, something you ought to know. But along this time, I wanted you to be my dog. Who am I, my type, pal? Now I'm afraid. How about who? Who's, who do you do? I don't take no for an answer to that. What it's, can I ask you? What's your name? I don't know that. But I've been hit. I'm not a dog. I'm a dog. I'm a dog. I'm a dog. I'm a dog. I'm a dog. I'm a dog. I'm a dog. I'm a dog. You asshole? 1217 at 5.60 WQM. Here's the fact it says. Bang that I'm slowly. De Nero Yankee catcher. Bang that I'm slowly. Why the town? Fastly, George. George is right about because Carlos is under way to bank. To say, long history does. And they're going to say, no. And he's under way slowly. Probably. Well, he's got a little difficult at getting his act together. And he's a good guy, but he means well. But one of the best movies for a men to guys to cry is soldiers of oran from Holland, your favorite place, rock, or how is first movie? Remember that? No soldier of oran, John O'Neighb. On number 8 in oran. I'm a clockwork orange. What's somebody voted for that by the way? As a tear jerk? Yeah, I don't understand why I had you crumbly. It's in my pile here. There's 8 million facts. God. Young Frankenstein. GW, helping with these bags, MF. Yes, you take the blood. I'll take them home with the turbine. Placing saddle, history of the world, and young Frankenstein. Team Wilder, you help me with these bags. Yeah. Artificial authority, Felbin says you take the blood. I'll take them home with the turbine. Right? And I cried. I don't know. No, no, no, no. I didn't write this. I'm just reading them. Okay. Don't look at me like that. As whole. Here's one that says a movie that makes men cry bridges of Madison County. This is because we fought out that Clint's movie career was over. Don't put that down. That's a little. Yeah. Somebody forgot to tell him, no, by the way. Do you think he'll ever get his voice back? Hmm. Hey, Neil, couple for you. They've seen with Denzel. Roots and color purple. Oh, why? Oh, glory. The scene with Denzel. Glory. Those are all right, movie. Glory. Glory. Oh, the little little. Oh, yeah. You're drinking. I'm going to blow a whole all the way. I sure put glory on there. I don't know. I didn't see it. How to hold roots. Now the color purple. Purple. Isn't that with what's your name? Yes, it was. Oh, no. If you're going to put down when it started. Oprah. I'm going to puke. Well, put it down. Come on. Purple. Oprah. Chilus, this we got. Okay. There you go. Thank you. T.R. Just a thousand facts is here. Why? Why? Because we guess what's leading the old police. Also far thus far. As of now, Brian song. No. What's your favorite movie that made men cry? But one minute. I'm a man who never cries. And movie's 21 as leading. Oh, we got to real. Who says we don't got to macho men on a show? Huh? Who says that? Well, we know who says that. Brian song 20. And affect our background guarantee. If you asked a mad dog, he did mad. I've heard him talk about it. But he gets goosey and uh, whipped up. And there have been movies he's. Shoulder tier two. Almost as much as when he sees Michigan get their ass beat. Oh, Schindler's list 15. That's a Brian song 20. Oldie L. are 13. Feel the dreams 11. E. T. 10. Shaw Shankered up. Today, no Jason. I still. Where did Jason go? By the way, we're here. We're going to left here somewhere. We don't know. He's a professional photographer now. I.T. rooms around America. Taking snapshots of every letter of the alphabet. Do you ever do an eye? Uh, it's a wonderful live seven. Rudy six loves to rate five. Rain man and dead poets of studies. Have up. And after that, it's only five. So I'm sitting forever. I'll refer. Woman who never cries. And movies only two. See, I can't. I cannot even imagine a woman who never would cry. Unless they just haven't seen many movies, you know? Or maybe the really hard bitten. My Janet. Who's Janet Reno? Oh, oh. She got bitten. Hard to gene. The biting machine. Here's Brian. This is plays include un-tamed heart with Christian Slater. George cried when he saw that because when he saw who was in it. And realized he had paid for the ticket. Un-tamed heart. Never heard of it. With Christian Slater. George for some reason George just hates Christian Slater. He just despises him. Is there any special reason? Is it just like in general principle? It could be that he only plays one character, which is a poor imitation of Jack Nicholson. Is that what it is? Yeah. Because I don't hate her. Russell is just that he reminds me of. Is it all the time? Also be on the lookout for the training of the Longo, who's the easiest her may. And I either play with a future league. Yeah, that's right. My part's 15th. Poor Brian. You're right. So what was that Christian Slater movie supposed to write down? I'm sorry. Christian Huzzi, yes. Untamed heart. Untamed heart. He used to look pretty good Christian Slater for about half an hour. I never saw him then, but that's a rumor. City of Angels. I'm proud of the Yankees we got. The Lou Geary story. City of Angels we got that? I have no idea what that is. Well, right I'm done. And now how are we going to do this? Because Carlson coming back. You're going to handle this. You're going to fax this to Eric. Eric is going to fax this to Eric. And hopefully we, you know, won't do that. You'll handle it. He can handle it with his broad shoulders that Eric. That Ojo on Provocator in Orlando. That 600 pound giant. That 4,000 pound gorilla is the mad dog would say. Okay. How about war with a kid from homolog. McColle Colkan is sulken. What? Wasn't her McColle Colkan to homolog? Yeah. War. Is that the name of the movie? Well, I've heard it. Don't look at me. Am I going to go see a movie with McColle Colkan in it? Maybe. I don't think so. I'd rather stay home of sulken than see McColle Colkan. You're nuts? Braveheart. Wasn't that Mel Gibson? Yeah. Put it down. Then we already have that. We have one movie. We have one movie. I just wanted to warm movie. I see. Play it forward. Or play it backwards. What's the CD pressing? Who is that? Who is that? Kevin Spacey. Is Kevin? Yes, see it. Spacey. Everybody else thinks he is. In fact, every now and then he blurt's it out. He, I am. And then like a week later, no, I was just kidding. He's just not gay. How about a pull on how many men are your women in the audience who have had sex with or vice versa? How do you advice versa on our pull? Our pull techniques are kind of limited. Virgin, one to three. Am we already done that? Or some virgin there, or some virgin there? Some virgin. Well, something to keep in mind for a far future date. Okay. Thank you. Man, I think we find a cut up. And you know what pisses off the people on the phone is that we get all these taxes and I get bogged down in the taxes and make these poor people. Wait, look at this. Here's somebody's been waiting for like 29 minutes and they ought to be really pissed off at me. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Are you pissed off at me? No sir. You ought to be. I got three things for you. Eighty way for a half hour to be dollars crappy. And by the way, they mail truck guys still going around and around. Go ahead. Good friend. A snake report first of all. He's got the three major markets and he's being dropped in Orlando. Yeah. So I guess for all those guys who think snitch the best things. I think so. So right. Yeah. But in front of Paul with honors with Joe Pashy with honors. With honors. And a shameless request. How about good fellows when Joe Pashy gets made made. Yeah. Joe Pashy sets them in the street. Okay. You got it. Thank you. Next. Interesting. When he worked at all in there, move with Joe Pashy then a Joe Pashy request. And so I do like to see him in good fellows that were. Uh, what's his name? Robert De Nero sang to. What's his name's wife? I see how there's so many people in that really. What is why? What's the zits? Follow me. We're talking about James Wood yesterday. James Wood is a piker compared to really. He's got zits that are as big as the creators on the moon. And Robert De Nero says. Yeah. Got some nice coats in there. Nice work. Right over here. Right over there. Right. I got to go. No. I don't think so. I'll see you later. I'll see you later. That would be such a great movie. A form for that radio to narration. They made such a bad mistake. And of course a lot of people tell you it's a great movie. It's a good movie. But a good fellows. But it could be a great fellows. You know? Don't you agree that it's a. Absolutely. It's irritating in the noise. I mean when it comes on TV, I think. I do watch it again because I like that. See what Joe Pashy would do. Yeah. I think I'm all combined. And of course you got to start laughing. I like when they're slicing the garlic with the razor blade. Really thin so that it melts. Yeah. I like the drug scene of course because he's like cooking and and dragging and cooking because that's your drug thing again. I mean, I thought about the cooking in the prison. That didn't have anything to do with their drugs. I think we're talking about when he was cooking in the kitchen. Prison cooking. That's right. They had the right. What's his name? Holly. Holly. That he ran it out. Poor Paul. Oh, well. Now, maybe this male truck. Maybe he's looking for the house that really ordered this. He's looking for something. What do you mean by that? He makes a stop every time. I understand every kind of see people on the side of the street. But what does this dude talking the the the. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. Yeah. And what are they talking about the weather. I got out at any good social security. Makes any hot talk about snow. That's kind of like the weather snow. So anyway, the possible hostage situation that says in Channel 4. Fuck with her and you saw earlier at least two guns. Well, this is a male male male. A male lady because he said. It's a male lady. I feel that a female male man. And it just keeps nothing happened yet. Well, advise that keep going around and around and around. Oh, pull off around and that's in Channel 4's like got the cameras there and go around. 27 pass. And then you know that five six day. Let me head you to go around to Boko. That's right. See Boko Brian. Stop off and say how to mobile on his hair piece and stop by to lights the West Boca. All your people on the atkins die now. They got over 600 delicious low car food products to keep you on the street and narrowing path. And you'll be in snack heaven when you try the new. Simply low car. Blothe a delicious new bread with just three grams of adjustable carms for slice and delicious taste of whole week bread. Maybe you saw Dr. Mackins last night on Donna here. Huh? And the more and more people are starting to finally come around and admit that Atkins is the way to go. What was he doing now? Is he also on a floor now? Yeah. What was that? What inspired? I'm telling you I must be a panic there. Must have been something happened in there. It was me. It was you. It wasn't that low. Is that what did it? The low. I think it was like he dropped the low right in there. I between the two of you man. I haven't seen this much red sense of common is left town. Didn't I? Anyway, do the smart thing and head for Delights of a bokeh? You're number one low car. I'm sure you're going to work on your final on the northeast corner of Glades in 441. Next to Boston Marketer call 1-877 low car. Online. Lowcarb.com. Don't forget there's only one Delights of West Boogie or Fischel. Atkins retail center. It's a hoot. And low. This is 42562. You're way too way. You know the calls. The ones that always committed dinner time. They show up on your caller ID box as private, unavailable, or anonymous. Well now, you can block those calls before they come in. Here's how it works. A solicitor dials your number. And before your phone even has a chance to ring, the call gets forwarded to us at mobbell. What's getting me in this mister? Hey, clam it's Lily, Timeline. You lose this number. Okay, you call back again. I will personally break every bone in your freaking bodies. At mobbell, our operators have been trained in the art of communication. So while you're having a peaceful meal after a long day, we're working hard behind the scenes, handing out threats like Halloween candy. I'd like to take a moment of your time to tell you about a great offer. Hey, hey, hey. One more word out of you, Billy Gellman, a 14 King Street in San Francisco. The old little four focus will go boom when you're trying to get your right intimidation through that threats. Physical violence and bodily harm. Mob. Bell. So only because you want. Get through. Top 33 at 560. When you're coming, we got the mad dog standing right here. One hillside to the E.C. The E.C.S. will be dug guarantee. Is that one of those guys that's got to prove his masculinity? Just because he used to be a tight end. Darius is a try called this morning. Give this information about after over 45 minutes on hold. I finally reached my destination. Hang up. Sorry, Derek. Do you get kickbacks from the mobile phone industry? We only wish. Anyway, you and George were talking about Debbie does Dallas this morning. I know you have a little dish. I got a little one. So I'll let you know that last Saturday night they played it in its entirety. Sands the so-called money shot. Squirt's court. I want to cost the last 50 minutes or so. But you're right about that. Bambi chick. Wow. Bambi woods. Pretty good. Also, another mobile wonder recommend for your list would be John Q. For a list. That's the Densel Washington movie where some has a bad heart. Didn't see it, but I'm sure would have cried if I'd have seen it. John's there. And didn't cry. But. See again. The poll isn't what movie did you cry at? I understand. Everybody's excited. What's your favorite movie that's made men cry, but they won't admit it. Not necessarily you cry. We cry. We all cry. We scream for ice cream. Yeah, I think I'm going to forget about the. Mel the forget about it. It's real. She's saying. No, the grilled she sandwiched. The hot-foot Sunday sound. Diet sounds better. S'mores. Not s'mores. Maybe I'll just wait for a nestle turtle again. You asshole. Okay. Says that was such emotion. I'll tell you if you would do the whole show with that much emotion. You might make a three-share, but. Might be the outfit of term. Others are sure on tonight. Beyond would James van Prague where Jewel. Jewelet Mills who plays Tabithon passion. She's great. We'll try to contact Josh Evans who played Timmy from beyond the grave. This is not a passion story. Have seen the promos. This is really a guy who thinks like Jonathan Edward. He's looking to communicate with the dead. Let's see what Timmy has to say. And what's up with both of those guys. Jonathan Edward and that James van Prague being such. Let's be. Wouldn't see a mincing queen. What are you trying to say, huh? They seem a little gay to me. Is that what you're trying to say? Because I know what Timmy's going to say. I'm dying of the hair. That's what Timmy's going to say tonight. They make special mention of him in that pen and teller thing. That show. Oh, you see it. I forgot about that. I forgot. Oh. But it's going to be on some more. Apparently it's a series and they're going to out. Other things. Other scans. Really? Yeah. Good. Long overdue. And they say every word in the book by the way. As they're doing it. It's great. Here's the fact that says, Shane, come back Shane. Now you said that before the show. I did what he was going to show. There's a lady coincidentally that just called it once to talk about Shane. Is she on a random note? And she's on a note. She's the lady. Here's a lady in Hollywood. Shane. Come back Shane. That my husband named her son Brandon because of that. Isn't that funny? I need you. Monige. Come back Shane. He cries every time. Yeah. I never saw that movie. That was Alan Lad. And Brandon. Brandon, it's a little bit. Yeah. But that was Brandon to what was like a little boy in that movie. I really couldn't care about him. When he was in all fall down with Carl Muldon and with Warren Bayley, then he became very interesting Brandon to what. And then he died. And have a great day. It's a tear jerker. Okay. Thanks. All right. Yeah. What were you so excited about that? That's what she wanted to say was Shane. Come back Shane. I didn't see the movie. So what am I excited about? It was a little bit disconcerting that Brandon to will ahead that scar on his face. Kind of like Aaron Gaby, the hockey player. He had that scar on his face. Which I guess the Lord works in the serious ways. He just wants to put that nobody can be perfect. You know, the hostages a female man. It's confirmed. A female man. Yes. Okay. Oh, and by the way, they're still going round and not like curry coma. Just started to heat up now within the past few minutes for the past 40 minutes. Now what's going to happen when I run out of gas? Basically hung back, fearing the safety of the male carrier. But as you can see now, the police are right on top of that truck. Tony go ahead. There's air definitely. Condu. We end there and there and boy there. Well, then it goes rather trying to get ahead of us. Be a bolder. This will win soon. I believe there. I also received words that they have snipers as well ready to. Ah, snipers are standing by. I messed with him. Here's the fact that says I like to put my two cents in. What about Jerry McGuire with Tom Cruise? Don't look at me. I didn't see no joy. I didn't see it. I didn't think it was that kind of a right it down. Right. What kind of a movie? Time for a present. Time for a present. It's enough to make me cry. Also he says the PS tell George the shipment came in. Who's that from? A friend of yours. Which one? How do I know who to call? Here is when it says the movie version of Flowers for Algina. Of course I never saw a movie the book. The book and the movie are both here. Cliff Robertson. What about that very sad movie he was in where he played the return of Charlie? That's Flowers for Algina. Is that the name of the movie? I never knew that. I thought the movie was called Charlie. Are you sure? Well, maybe you sure movie version of the book is called. But I thought. Maybe I put down Flowers for Algina. Maybe in parenthesis. Erick will know. He'll look it up. Won't you, Erick. Won't you look it up? No. Maybe because we would have Carlos though. He's busy trying to rob a bank. So we can cover the check that he wrote to Clarence. I'll tell you we got such high finance going on here among all these. I mean, she pipits we got running around with her. $14 checks. That is Clarence charge user. Anyway, we got 24 people to say have a man who never cries at the movies. $25 for Brian songs just went into the first place. Shindra's List 18 or the LR-14. Oh, last he come home girl. I'll feel the red and the best part about last he's that last he never was a girl. Right. If it would have been like the 20. Oh, field of dreams 11, 1810. Charlie and Gritem Shun eight wonderful live seven Rudy seven. Love story seven with Alim Agra, Ray Malandon, Ryan O'Neill. Saving private Ryan five dead ports society five by dogs give five Rayman five. And everybody else is way down. Now let's look at a one's and have none out of a hundred ninety nine quotes. Ordinary people of the side of the tracks. Other side of the tracks. You mentioned it. I didn't say to put it on the floor. I was just talking about that. It was the movie Brad Pitt was in with the. Shroorky shoulder. Eric, where did you say it and stuck it on there? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. In fact, that Brad Pitt didn't think of all his clothes, I guess. But then eventually we saw it one way or another. I'm a stud nun. Death being out proud nun. My life foot nun. Crimson tied nun and driving was Daisy. I don't remember ever saying anything about driving was Daisy. You. Where did that come from? Where did that come from? Driving Miss Daisy. Maybe Morgan Freeman called it in. Oh. God. It's a good thing we're checking these. You know the ones that have no voice because I think we're getting some ringers on there. Twenty-two one is five sixty. WQ a mad dog coming along at one o'clock to give you all the load on on the big NHL all star game coming out of Sunday. Gonna read the listed names in the paper. Tell you about that sandwich. Ozelein said the panthus traded away for a couple of real. Do you or any of them players there? Lance Ward and send which Ozelein? For a couple of guys that nobody ever heard of before including Pavol Trenka? Hey by the way, Pac-Fan Denise you idiot. It's not Trenka. It's my wife and father, you know. When you deal with a dumb frog. God he's just frightening. That Denise Pac-Fan. Anyway, here's a deal. If you want to forget about all your problems you need good night sleep. How do you get one with a good mattress? You'll sleep like a baby on mattress and dial a mattress. The top names in the world they got Seely served as Simmons King Corlan, every size and style. And the best part of the deal is all the way around. You beat those vetting and department stores upside down in sideways. For example, when it comes to guarantees, you've got 30 days to try it out in your home with the best company exchange policy in the world. Instead of having to sleep on that mattress 30 to 60 days before you can even exchange it. And then when you do exchange with the other places, if you have to, they'll charge you for restock. We deliver into pay full retail price on exchanges. Not a dial a mattress. For real comfort and no hidden charges, no extra fees. Call 1-800 mattress now. You got the 30 day comfort exchange period, no hassles at all. You got it to a month to make sure it's the right mattress for you and your back. If you'd like to shop online, check them out at mattress.com. It's the website for a dial a mattress. And don't forget about their unbeatable delivery any day, seven days a week, and whatever to our period that's convenient for you and actually show up on time. So call right now, get rid of your lumpy old worn out mattress and start getting a great night sleep. It'll make a hell of a difference in the way you feel every day. Call dial a mattress, toll free, and be sure and tell them that fat or meal. And the original fat boy told you to call 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S. 5-E-L-O-C-O-T-C-5-6-E-S. The rain is on your top. I'm actually in. N-O-N-K-I-N. I'd have been around those happy days, those sunny days of just three years of work. All my stocks just get on rising, and I kept on fantasizing, though, that could be. Then a long came number 43, just like that must've begun to slide. I don't like to throw no blame around, but it looks like your jeep took me for a ride. Singed GW's Bush and I'm mixed, supply side economic blue. There's need to make you feel good from your head down to the bowls in your shoes. Join your friends and neighbors, help you ain't good enough in your room. You can't fall, so gee, God is good, and I'm mixed, supply side economic blue. And how about those folks that end wrong? Man, they really took a good big time. And don't forget those account guys, what they did with the numbers it's so bright. And all those other companies left all their employees high in dry. It just ain't the good old American way, it almost makes a grown man wanna cry. Singed GW's Bush and I'm mixed, supply side economic blue. There's need to make you feel good from your head down to the bowls in your shoes. Join your friends and neighbors, help you ain't got nothing to do. You can't fall, so gee, God is good enough in your room. And those billion dollar did the end, tax cut proposals that's just red. Will the country adore economy? Will somebody tell me what's the end? It's talked about the real world, it has to say, oh, George ain't got a clue. No way, that's just sending back the taxes for this trickle, who down at Sikoname blue. By the law, Singed GW's Bush and I'm mixed, supply side economic blue. Oh, guarantee to make you feel good from your head down to the bowls in your shoes. Yeah, join your friends and neighbors, help you ain't got nothing to do. Singed GW's Bush and I'm mixed, supply side economic blue. What makes us get out of here? Come on, America, let's all sing. Singed GW's Bush and I'm mixed, supply side economic blue. Singed GW's Bush and I'm mixed, supply side economic blue. Singed GW's Bush and I'm mixed, supply side economic blue. Singed GW's Bush and I'm mixed, supply side economic blue. Season 5. Singy, do you push an on it? Supply, side economic blue Oh, we have a key Look at that mail truck that hijack mail truck is coming right to us County line road and where we're about there They're not County line of one They're they're heading east on County line road towards us Yeah, you're approaching 441 soon Approaching 441 soon Oh, oh, oh, oh And they're getting in left hand lane, George There it is, there they are at the intersection Look at that, we have a thing not coming Come in our way, I want to go look They're coming our way Going south, that's there going south on 441 Right out here that was I was during they just turned out Well street was that that was I was there I was there in County line road I'm gonna be passing by the city I see where we're coming right now, right tortoise I can't believe it, but they're like in the middle lane Coming south, look at Ryan just right Take your head off the door, okay, Brian, Brian To late Oh, Clarence stuck his head out Everybody's gonna go watch they're gonna go go Go and out there they want to see this mail truck go by Isn't this Ryan? Look outside so we can see you Maybe they're coming to power, maybe the guys pissed off They wouldn't tell you as we quest But they're in a right hand lane, now let's see County line road, they gotta be passed us already, don't they? No, they don't Oh, sure they do, how are you gonna be? Oh, we'll be able to see the sub center, Chuck's or something How could they not be by us already? It's only like over there's one Huh? They're not going real slow, there's zip and ride along Maybe they're, they're mozing right on down the road Hey Channel 4, pull a camera back a little bit So I don't think there where you think they are What are all those cars parked in the side of the road? What are those, what's that parking lot? I don't have up the red No, I don't think there where you think they are But nevertheless, George has right up the road And out there in the middle lane Are they going over the bridge, they just went over the bridge? Over what bridge? What bridge are you talking about? Now they're in the right lane, they're making a right Entering into a part one, the beast, what you got him? They went right by it They went right by and the beast said Oh, look at that, and there they are, they're right A processing center, the shopping center Where we always have lunch Oh my god, right by the sub center Maybe he's stopping for the, we're gonna Make a market over there, maybe he wants to come Maybe they wanted a grilled cheese sandwich And other turn on the eyes during road, right? Yeah, they're on the right road They're going back to West Stadium They're going west to other stadium Yeah, maybe they just got wants to play for the dolphins I don't know, and there they go, away they go As they go around and around like pericom What? Did you get to see him? Look at the beast, his head is red as a beat Man, maybe they wanted to come and see the beast See if he we love, oh by the way, I didn't mention it on the air The beast has lost 46 pounds Oh, excellent, nice work Here's one, it says one for you, list the yearlings They're on Gregory Peck, if you don't craft this movie, you have no soul Got that to yearling the yearling, yeah, absolutely Also tell Boca Brian to movie that he was talking about Isn't amazing colossal man, but the colossus of New York You're right, you're right, you're right He said no It took place in like Nevada One of these 50's robot movies that are used you can at the concept Right and wrong without a soul, that's not the one he's talking about But anyway, last thing was listening to magic this morning when Grace looked Drop down a brick shawl, I was going on about what a coincidence They just played somebody to love since the computer picks out the music here How sad to this fact, sir, New Wright Charlie is the name of that movie by the way, it's spelled CHR-L-Y, this is up on a put Robertson website Got it Saving private rye, we got it, chim below us got it Here's one on his guy, he says two things that make him cry One is the movie, Murray Christmas Mr. Lawrence And the other thing he says I cry every time I see the president on television Nice going, sir And one last one, ready? Can you handle it? I don't know, I'm put a lot of pressure on you It's first day after the excitement And I was like the highlight of some people's day which tells you about life in South Florida Nobody ran out there to get on, please They saw the hijacked male truck out there with a male lady Right out when Ziven Wright buy, Kenny Corner across the street Cut through the park line and right down the old R1 Hershey highway and I was very road Out toward the stadium Maybe they want to get a good see for next season I missed part of the show this morning didn't see the movie on the pool I'm an adult male and the way we were with Robert Redford and Verber Streisand Maybe cry You're rolling your eyes back What's wrong with you? You're far too high, old God, I'm not saying I liked it or they even saw it Barbara Streisand makes me cry just to think about it I'm going to raise tears to my eyes You ask, hold? 1253 at 5.60 WQN they're buried in cars There are the elements at the hell Would you just cut the crap already? God Tom Layman and Joe Prieto are buried in cars like I just started to say before George again got carried away The fact we have sent how it's so many cars There's no place to stick them even Tom Layman has had a park a few in his driveway So he says and they'd like to place one in yours How it right as we speak is blowing up the all new vehicles Regardless of profit including that great zippy potty egg vibes There are only 13,998 and get up to $5,000 off every GMC on Boinstock Plus gets 0% financing up to a $3,000 rebate An endless sea of dependable use cars, price and SUVs Add unbeatable prices to it and if everybody else in town has turned you down or said your credit is marginal at best or maybe really sucks Have no fear because Halliv is here, they'll get you a deal It's the winner of Lizard Emergency Clearance I'll go in on right now at Halliv Pontiac GMC 134 at 1 South Tixie Highway That's on US when across from the falls open every day seven days away Measure my name you'll save even more You can come on the New Rogers Neal Deal Hotline toll free 134 at 1-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-7 Halliv Pontiac GMC who be professional grade barely or scores radio 5, c4, c3, c4, c3, 0, c4, c4, you go on in minutes to go on and see if the crowd won a fight Your name is Jessica Lingon He went to the dog So I acted out my pop parasites And with my arms, the trees am made You know Bump speaks English and im Nobody I went down to my piano and made a beach where the weather was nice. I walked into a little dust storm, but the guy there talks real funnily. I asked him for a pint of fortune, and he said, no, he ended up in the water. The mud is too English, I got him more. That corner delie. Hell, I think I've been Pakistan speaking with smelly. Are you going back to the hour, man? I came here for a month, year ago. I learned my ABC. I don't say much as gross as I said pretty free. So get yourself to a classroom quick, you're an American now, stop making me think. I'm not a butterspeak English, man. Okay, that's just what I'm going to do it, and we got a big assignment over there, right? I said, they were immediately to the back of the mail truck. They got him corin, they pulled anybody out of there yet or not. No, they still got a port. Now where is that? That's on 1927. Oh my God. So they went right off the road of peace. Anyway, the poll continues. What's your favorite movie that may have been cry before they wanted minute? But they want a minute at how's that go? Brian Song 30, I'm a man who never cried some movies 29, Shindler's list 18, or the other 16, and they're close. And so we'll see what happens. I'm saying, I guarantee the man dog will admit he cries like, even though dolphin games would more. Bye bye bye. Gang rape is funny.