You will listen in live, just watch 205-60 online at WQAM.com. Where we charge a regular program on the channel. You will listen in live, just watch 205-60 online at WQAM.com. Where we charge a regular program on the channel. You will listen in live, just watch 205-60 online at WQAM. Where we charge a regular program on the channel. Hey, you know the replacement for Jimmy Smith, who got busted for Coke and Jacksonville. He's going to be out for games, such as B's JJ Stokes. The start for Jacksonville. The start of the show is the start of the show. No one left. Remember him? This is the right guy. His double-A ballpark and round rock taxes had a promotion where he pitched 10 lucky winners of a contest. The first guy up Kevin Samansky. His dream was just a dream come true to have to face Nolan Ryan on the map. So in the 56-year-old Nolan Ryan said before taking him out his goal. It's not that he didn't. The very first pitch. He's going to be a 90 miles an hour right in the guys back. Oh, that's great. That is so annoying. I love it. And he's the guy said quote afterwards. It's the coolest thing that's ever happened to me. I can't wait to tell my kid that I got drilled by Nolan Ryan. What is his ailment? Nolan. He's been having like a bad arthritis or something kind of like, uh... I think it takes a half of the hell. He's got crotch rot or something. No, you just put that on. That's not a bad idea. That's not a bad idea. That's not a bad idea. Did you like that shirt? He wore it at any work. I don't want to say people on here. It says, I'm not an effton people person, but what does it say eff people? I just, I mean, you just say I'm not an effton person. He's like, it's a thing. I love how it's been a new, high-dealer, high-dealer. Why don't you say something on his for once in your life? A little fat, tub of crap. Why don't you just admit you hate him like poison? Yeah. And you wish he would die. Yeah. Come on. I think he used to so blow now because they're like, I want you to say it. I want you to say it. I don't want to put any words in your mouth or anything else, but I want you to say it. I hate him like poison. I wish Mo would die. I don't wish anyone would die. I hate him like poison. That's a good story. Okay. And I wish his crotch route would accelerate at a very well. No, because then he would pick it more. And I don't want to see that. Come on. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. So he picks it just because you turned him up. After the meeting, yesterday I believe that that is harassment. I can sue. Yeah. Some lady at the meeting. I swear to God. Some little girl in the meeting went like this. At the very end of the meeting with Mike No time left in the meeting. Yeah. This little Nimrod raises her hand. And she says, I'd like to know if there is any way that Neil Rodgers show falls into the category of Indies sent and the same with Sam else. Yeah, and I went shut up bitch. Yeah. God almighty. What do I got to listen to you complaining? Kick her in the groan. She's back in the business office. You know, get the check straight honey. Go home. It's a big day for you today, my friend. See, we got to I got to cop out because George was on in July. See, most of the time of Septuases and Thursday. Can't you get my buddy? Can't I get my dog? No, I'm not going to get my dog or if we had in this trend. I mean, it'd probably be okay, George. But when it's a little on the downside, then we can always blame George. But the morning better go away up now because he got no excuses. You got to pull on. And then one thing, somebody told me once is that, and you tell me because you know more than me. And the first trend is usually good. If the second trend goes down, then the book is good. If the boat trends are up. It's a bad buck. You're not even warm. You're not even Luke warm. Why don't you know anything I don't care about these things? The first trend goes down because whatever the previous format is is disappearing, whether it's music or whatever. Personally, this is the one most of us going down. Absolutely. Oh, yeah. I don't know. Yeah, oh, brother. Yeah, he's double-jointer. So he's going to be the next round, Jeremy. So what are we in double-jointer? Hey, now. So what's the next stuff you found mode to go to? I can tell you, he just might give it a shot. What's the next? I don't go after yourself. You've put physical Jew. So what does it? It comes out at 11.30 or something. We have results at this. You're reading show, Buster. This is the one where we give it. So what time are you in? Hey, I heard that in, I know you're not anywhere near British Columbia. I took a lab to question three questions for you. And real quickly, real quickly. Hey, there's a new, there's a new SARS outbreak. And then cover headed your way. 141 people are dead. And then your second question is, second question is, is your opinion of, By the way, the horse is going to go out again. Here. New. New. Hello. New. Tell me about time. Yeah. Before this show, Tom Gill is going to team up with Tim Horton on the Pantheod Defense. They're bringing back all the dead people. They're going to bring back, and we're going to sign a Bobby Orber. We're going to try to rehab his knees. I want to joke. Tell what an insult to the fans. Todd Gill. Who do you think's going to win the battle of the Black Tiger Hill? We're going to sign a new, musical, plus you see, Kujo's got a broken ankle now. Nice going, Kujo. He's going out there here in Toronto. We can't stand you. You turn Kujo. You do push you. But you can't even have the personality trait is stuck with him. Yeah. Who wants right under verge of taking him? They demanded an exam. Come to find out he was covering up a broken ankle. Tell the lips to tell me that Kujo's having surgery, too. Do you know what lips told you that? Yeah. Can you get him a job and get him out of my life? Who that was that? That's Sharpie. That's the consent for the O.D. victim. God. I thought he handed you on. No, he just, uh, unpaid intern on leave from the Nova Scotia hospital. Oh, I feel so much. I really like unpaid a lot. Now what's the other questions? Can you get rid of him and, uh, do you believe that there's a new competition between impenence pills between the Viagra, Blu-Pill and a new men's pill and then the chick pill that wasn't sure you were sworn in the pressure is on Scott for real man. You better have doubled digits. And you do know what's going to happen. I don't get a bit if we get a big spike in a morning show in this train. You know who's going to be taking credit for it? You know what you need is the hand break down in the trends. You can't break down the R by our children. Whole book comes out. So he's got two months where if you have a big number eight to ten, he can be saying, Well, you see, I told you if they just would put a sports show on. Yeah, he's going to be a great read to have. I said, good luck to you sir. And he said, what's that supposed to mean? I just kept walking. Yeah. He's a little slow. Have a great day. Good luck in the ratings. You'll need it sweetheart. Thank you, who's rattin' in. A rasmin. A rasmin. A lot to me. I was summer rolls around. There's nothing I like more than sitting on the front porch with a nice cold glass of country and moment lemonade. Now, the thing that could make it better would be a pretty little girl sitting next to me. No way to second. I pretty little naked girl. Yeah, that's what I mean. No, no wait. A pretty little naked girl who puts a hand on my thigh and starts rubbing real general like it. No, no, no, no. I got it. A pretty little naked girl rubbing my thigh, talking dirty in my air. Throwing me on the porch and has her way with me. Yeah, yeah, that's it. She just starts pounding me man, riding the hog, screaming down me baby. Damn it. Give it to mama. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh, forget the damn lemonade man. Just give me a naked girl. Come on. I need a ride. It's a kind of six-deck grand posh. Here's a sneaky old cool lady. Cute. Speaking of old coots. No, this is a reason I used that word speaking of old coots. You've got a great new pitcher, two new pitchers of the moment of salute on our website. So go to newwatchers.com and take a puke at that. In fact, you know, who really likes it a lot? Is that 80? Yeah, yeah, yeah, he morphs into a silly aback and forth. And she shares how had a lot better teeth than that toothless picture. Tuthless mold that we got on there. And then we got the one that was taken by Zack. Thanks a lot, Zack. And watch your back and your crack. Because he ought to watch his crack. We ought to have a bit that says watch your crack Zack because most going to stick it to him. First chance he gets. Don't you think? He's going to have to blame somebody when a summer book comes out, which is still a couple months away. But when a whole book comes up and he's got like, uh, owes points, like a whole bunch of points. Not third man. He's going to have some spleen in to do. What do they blame Robert for a change? He's got naked pictures of some person. He could still be there. He's a loser. That kid. He really is. Anyway, it's 10.07 already at 5.60 WQM and unbeknownst to me. Clarence came in this morning. Fresh from his latest the Orgy with the beast. All refreshed. Said it was scratching his other balls. What did he say? Something about something about balls. Yeah. I love it. I think it was something like he wish he had some clearance. But at any rate. And he announced probably that we had this trend coming out. Now those of you who get, you know, bored by the ratings and all of that too bad. Because it's our life blood baby. It's what it's all about, right? Yeah. That's where we're, uh, good or bad. We got to live with it. And of course there's pressure on George too. Yeah. I don't want to mention that. I don't know. What you'll do better this summer than last summer. Because last summer. And, and, and I want to announce although I don't want to come. I chickens before to a clock. But you do notice that it's the last Thursday of my Tuesdays and Thursdays. Right? How do I norm Kent is an idiot? I call me yesterdays an idiot. And now I want to do this bubble head doll. Oh, no. Just go away. Norma just leave me alone. Go away. But, uh, this is the last Thursday. And I did I miss one Tuesday or Thursday this summer. No. No, did not. What do you mean you don't think so? I have one heart of sympathy since February when I had that little upulmonary embolism. See, I don't know whether they really classify that as a stroke or not. You know what I mean? Let's count it. Sounds more impressive. I see. Three strokes in your mouth. Well, I got to them. No, no, seriously. I don't know what, what they really call that. Of them, like, a cut-sauke, the oxygen flow to your brain. They call it, I mean, a lot of stuff. Right. But in any rate, so when his train comes out today, you're going to be a lot of pressure on, uh, for well, that morning number of better start spike in better start going up somewhere. Because yet, uh, it was embarrassing. Am I right? Absolutely. And then, of course, midday will see if George is, uh, I'm trying to run over this. We had one of those because we're dropping off a very, uh, pretty decent April. And, uh, you know, we're keeping a really good June. And this is May, June, and July. Is what these three months of the arbitrends are going to be for all your ratings, experts out there. Are you losers in the radio business? And I feel sorry for you. George is pulling us today was a good pull for a change, but the problem is there be sponsors absolutely sucked. I'm going to notice that, huh? Yes, I didn't notice that. I'm looking at it right now. I'm going to print it out so I can read the results because it's along with, it'll kill some time. Then we got that long paragraph from the Hillary book. I got this down to a science. And then we got the transcomended 1130. And then, of course, we got the big one to two hour. We got this lit. And then we say bye bye. And then, of course, it all comes crashing down next week. When we go back to our regular schedule. Norm, you're an idiot man. Give him way too much back. Do we have the West to have a studio and Amsterdam? I don't even have an apartment in Amsterdam anymore. So, what's the big deal? Give him too much back. How many wissed the vacation did I give him back? But third man. Who got the Manny? How come I'm here like a little echo today? Although it does sound good. Sounds like we're doing a rebar. Maybe just my overheads up, huh? No, no, keep it. It sounds good. Sounds like WABC in the good old days. My radio was radio and there was a reason to have one. And that's it. Yeah, let's crack it up real out. How's that sound? So anyway, George is pulling yesterday, which movie do you wish they'd make a sequel to? Good question. And of course, that was the C. That was my first mistake. I gave you the guy the same question. Did they before when you screwed up that other pull? It's fired. But at any rate, no, it was a good question. But the responses were very loud. History of the World Part One was tied with pulp fiction for number. One would 91 votes a piece. Or 92 now. Well, I'm not going to be acted. Blade Runner 51. Close encounters of the third kind. You took 50. I mean, the piece of crap. Yeah. That was the movie that maybe despise Richard Dreyfus. He gives me the Willysman. He's a walking ad for anti-Semitism. He chose. No, he just acts like it. A clockwork orange 49. Now, let's see. What do we need a sequel for? I guess we haven't had a feud. So now he's going to go get revenge on George and Dan. Yeah, and that's a possibility. Independence Day 34, big trouble. A little China 32. Some of these movies that every even. Booking nights 29. I mean, once you saw that package, what would you need to see? I thought that ended just perfect. Once we saw the package, the big D, the big rack in the same start. You can go far and his crack. Slingley 29. Did I say we more Williams also 29? Usual suspect 27. The thing 25. See, these these punks who vote on his pool. The thing, the original movie, the thing was maybe before they were born. Right. We're talking to do the, I better do the break. And then we can kill some more time at the rest of this pool. Nice job. By the way, there's a whole bunch more to read. That's good. Anything to kill time in a summer time. Cause we're well aware that there's nobody there. Then I hear a Mark Morgan. My good friend this morning saying that every, every highway is like just a wreck. All over town today, I 75 was jammed up. How can I be winners? Nobody there. How many people? How many people are actually there for them out the vlog? I'm sure the man. And it's still I still can't drive for crap for Schmidt. Help. What is wrong with you people? Get off the road. Well, there's only Eves. What a loser he read over. 28 to 29,000 megawatts of power and anyone given day. The high of every. Oh, they're good. Those is we haven't had any brownouts. No blackouts. No brown eyes. Everything is coming along just fine. It's going to be pretty scorching. It's going to be 32 or 33. You run in your AC. You know, when the time comes to have your car, listen, I've done damn well. Man, I keep my AC off as much as possible. I turn the lights off when I walk out of here. I get everything in the off position. I get off as much as I can. And what, you know, I'm doing my part. Can't do it my duty. Telling fact you heard it this morning. I did my duty twice. When the time comes to have your carpets clean, there's only one company. I ought to be talking to and that's my good friend's a dry concept. I've used them in my house for over 20 years. For a lot longer than anybody could imagine anybody would be around in town. But the fact is they're the best in the world. So why use anybody else? They're the only company that really dry cleans your carpets. It's an exclusive patented method. Dry cleaning your carpets sucks out the deep down craft. That's why you know, if I was your carpet, make some look and smell just like brand new Lemonty fresh and they'll last a lot longer to. And right now, our friends at dry concepts offering an opportunity to say 15% on your next carpet cleaning. They know us the dog days a summer. That's why they do a little extra in center for you to do it right now, which is a good time anyway. Before the kids go back to school, one of the kids go back to school next week, Monday and Rower. Just in time for me to be back in town so I can drive through all the extra traffic. Thanks a lot you, Ansel. Just called dry concepts tool free at 1-800-248-507-1-I.S. To be put on their stand by list, that's the way this works. Then dry concepts will call you the next time they have it opening their schedule. Just like when you fly stand by it's the same concept if you're available when they have an opening. They'll knock 15% off the regular price and speak in a price don't forget to give your written guaranteed price before they start to great job they do for you. So call dry concepts today. I have to be put on their stand by list. They might even have an opening for you on the day that you call and you'll still get 15% off the regular price of the job. Call toll free 1-800-248-5071 or check them on the web at dryconcepts.com. Only on the banana republic baby, only on Miami. Chelsea Victoria Clinton arrived three weeks early on February 27th, 1980 at 11-24pm. While I was recovering, Bill would put his foot on my throat, yaked me by my hair and say, woman, don't spoil her. I said okay. Chelsea was sold by her opium addicted father when she was eight years old. Chelsea looked at him and said, bad things about her daddy. That sealed the decision for Bill. I didn't know whether to laugh or cry, but even more frightening at the age of 15. Chelsea had come back to haunt us. She escaped and returned home. Only to be sold again to a whorehouse. Who would want to do that to kids who had never done anything to them? Me, Hillary, Rodham, Clinton. Chelsea said, come on mom, don't do it! Oh yeah, right I said. Looking like a days fox or who had just been pummeled in the ring, she leaned toward me and whispered in my ear. You bitch. You know, isn't that better than my wasting time reading from that stupid? I'm not doing that anymore. Are you happy? Aren't you that? Why would it just a bad book? I mean, if there was something interesting in there, or be in something really revealing, you know, great, something juicy. There's nothing revealing, there's nothing juicy, there's nothing exciting, there's nothing anything, it's crap, it's a pile of crap. So I'd rather play those, Hillary, a little drop in, which are done through. That's really her, right? But I mean, boy, they digitally put together, it's a beautiful thing. Oh, now, you think this is the, can we hear the George tapes, or this is the retired, which one is this? Neither one. Here's for Lauderdale, hello. You know, good morning, how are you? A real call? Yes, actually, but unfortunately, I have some bad news. Yes, yesterday evening at 830, I had a radio accident on 610. Bill, Phil Hendry, had an culture in the studio doing an interview. Are you sure? I'm unfortunate. You had to be joking. I actually listened just long enough to make sure that he wasn't doing a voice, so that was my first study set. I thought that it cannot be, I mean, he can't really be doing it. And he was sucking up to her, I mean, he was the most, he was cleaning an culture, smelly, snotty ass. Oh, my God, the sucking, that's good. It's the most, you know, what puts it under statement. He was, he was kissing big time. Here's a message for Ann Colter. We know you're listening because she lives in Miami now. You've got you flat, you've got. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was. So he's done, he's done the total minimum emphasis from being Mr. Radical, Mr. off the wall, Mr. Humor, into being just the right wing shield as all he is now. It's really sad. Okay. Thank you. Thanks for the bad news, thank you. Well, there you go. At least he didn't go halfway. He made the full turn, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. He must have drank some of that Dr. Jika and Mr. Dave Hyde potion, you know what? I think it's that wife. Is that it? Yeah. I don't think that's got anything to do with it. I think he ran dry with the other rack. I think everybody in the world was onto it. And I think he ran on a material. It got to be a bitter rotten, a right wing nasty old man. How do you like that? Anybody like it? Oh, tragic. Anyway, getting back to your survey. The thing 25, I don't understand it. Oh, and don't let me forget to talk. I don't know what you're saying. I don't know what you're saying. I don't know what you're saying. I don't know what you're saying. I don't know what you're saying. I don't know what you're saying. I don't know what you're saying. I don't know what you're saying. I don't know what you're saying. I don't know what you're saying. I don't know what you're saying. I don't know what you're saying. I don't know what you're saying. I don't know what you're saying. I don't know what you're saying. I don't know what you're saying. I don't know what you're saying. Oh, the interview with Charlton has been he's just it's simulating. He was very clever in a way he worked his way in there. He told me it was a card carrying member of the NRA and the He has been told him, well, come back to our morning. I think I can fit you in. And he first sits now with many whips at out. And his card too is in our card. He passed him on the arm. Good boy. And then he starts grilling him and then he brings the picture at that little girl like a shot in Michigan in Flint. And he just keeps walking away. It's just a beautiful thing. And the thing you haven't seen yet is the Dick Clark segment. We're sitting in a van with all his cronies with all of his buddies. And he's got the picture in his tunnel about the Dick Clark forward. They hire all the welfare women. The color well fair working or something like that. They have some kind of a special program which doesn't work at all. And here's the woman who's the mother of the kid that took the gun to school and shot that little six year old girl we're talking about. And the reason that the kid that found the gun is because the mother was evicted from our home. She's working two jobs. She has to get on a bus and go 60 miles to work every guy. Then they live in Flint. She works in Detroit. Two jobs at some fudge place. And then also at the Dick Clark place. One of those, the oldies, the restaurant. So it's funny. But only places. Don't subsidize Dick Clark. Does he still have that place in Bayside? I don't know. Don't anybody go there. Okay, Dick Clark is an asshole. Don't any, and see, I always like Dick Clark. I would love to pyramid. We all look grew up with van stands. You're up on it. New Year's Eve. You know, he's like a legend. And the good news is he started to look his age now, you know. When he was, when he was 60, he looked. But now he looks about 90's making up for it. There's no escape. But wait till you see that. I am bringing my copy home for because I know your cheap and your underpaid. No, I am. I'm bringing that home. Thank you. But the, the, what, the he hasn't cornered in that van. And he tells him who he is. And the, the Clark already has nervous. So what, how come you hire these people in, you know, the little girl I got murdered by And the, shut the door shut the door. And for some reason, his, his assistants there seem to be a little bit slow in shutting the door. They seem to be almost interested in whatever Michael Moore is talking about. Shut the door. Shut the door. There's a very angry pissed off. They're fired. Oh, yeah, we'll see that no more. Am I right? That's a looted. Okay, again, back to this thing. I'm more, I don't know why. I'm, well, look at that. Here's, now, this must be one of those people. It's got to be the curl springs that's on two. Hello. Cruel springs. Hey, yes, sir. Good morning. Hey, don't, I'm great. I heard that interview last night on Phil Hendry and, and that previous call Or man, you know, she wrote some kind of book about McCarthy from what I, right, right, every ridiculous book where she said, John McCarthy, I never stole a freight train right. Right. And he's given her a rasha crap about saying, you know, he was such an evil person, McCarthy, and how could she come out and write a book in his behalf? I mean, I was in the car and I almost stood up and gave him a salute because So, I was, he ripped and colder. He ripped her. He said, she says, and her book or she? Are you sure? Yeah, I'm positive, sir. Okay. I'm speaking up for you. He, she said on an interview or in her book that, uh, liberal traders and thought Henry says, I'm a liberal and I'm a dumbass. And how did you come out with some kind of statement? Well, honey, I like that. So in other words, we got your call and the other call, which are diametrically opposed, which goes to show it at, uh, Who knows what else going on? Who killed Tokra, but you don't say it? It's a buzz on the phone. Last time, uh, he heard he called in, I think with a spy report on him. Right. When Phil was ripping me in, and that's right. Right. And that was true. I didn't hear that as well. And that's, you know, he got that right on. He just, he's just bitter in jealousy. And that's the way it goes. You know, I'm plus he's lost all his hair. Okay. Thanks for straining it out. When I think that Dick Clark restaurant long gone, how did this? Oh, that's the best news. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. We're not on your. Thank you. You made my day. He should only croak that Dick Clark. We don't wish too many people to die, especially on nasty, smelly, wicked death. You know, like in a fiery car crash, but in Dick Clark's case, we'll make an exception. We'll get to your report results in a minute. Well, that's what the audience keeps saying. 1026, it's 560 WQM. If you need to set your home fast, I know something needs to sell a home. Oh, I got a message. I don't like doing insights, stuff. But I have a message from my close personal friend, Booker Brian. Don't buy a house. Not just a joke. Don't get it. He gets so paranoid. No, you know, a Brian. Don't buy a house. You need to set your home fast, fast, cash home buyer is buys houses fast. Hasl free. That's right. Fast cash home buyer is buy houses in any condition location for any reason. You just set your house fast. Does your house need a new roof floor and any other repairs? Don't throw money away and costly repairs. Stop and call Rod today at 1-866-785 fast for an obligation to hassle free offer. And fast cash home buyers to help you solve your house problems. Do you have a vacant house? Maybe you're tired of dealing with a problem, tenant. Maybe you're going through a nasty rotten smelly ugly divorce. Call fast cash home buyers. Maybe you're one two or three payments behind or inherited a property you don't want. Fast cash home buyers can help. So call Rod today at 1-866-785 fast for an obligation to help. Fast cash home buyers can be a piece of mind. Fast cash home buyers will buy your house. Do you want to have to pay any real estate commissions? Call Rod 1-866-785 fast. That's F-A-S-T for a hassle free offer. And let fast cash home buyers solve those house problems. Are yours? I don't know. We're supposed to be a 5-6-4. You a-yeah. You a-yeah. No. There's last bread my thigh. And throw myself under toilet bowl. I feel my foul lose control. Not a toilet. And there's a smell of makes you cry. So bad I can bear the sea by the knees. As I make my straightest pictures sweet. It's not hard to understand. It's not hard to understand. And I have had a big fat man. If you're chilly winds up and in being on the sea. It's so goddamn embarrassing. Everybody's making fun of me. And just with the fancy gate. Every thought through its dollar the day. A super-savv at night. When you do jade and sat my whole head found a king of rock and roll. Run to the moon. Now maybe it's only me, maybe I'm the only a fat diabetic person who's sat on the street. And he's sat on the throne at times in my life. More than once. And had a really difficult B.M. You know, straining, squeezing, exherting. And I thought of Elvis. Now you never done that because you're not fat. No, but still I've had a difficult B.M. I thought of Elvis. You still had a really kind of like a concentrated B.M. B.M. And if you kind of that happens you start thinking of Elvis or slash isn't front of your face. And you start thinking, oh, I don't know. What a happy way that would be to go. It would be. Oh my god. Although I guess it doesn't really make any difference when you come right down with. Yeah, you will. Okay, I guarantee that somebody's calls that came out of nowhere here are probably more of this Phil Henry controversy. Thank you, Phil. Are you sure? Here's the Fort Lauderdale, hello. Neil, can more. Yes, sir. When is this? You just, right? Can I mention an encolter story? Anything you like? Okay. She said one of the stupidest things I've ever heard last Friday. How unusual. She said that George W. Bush when he was deploying the planes for the National Guard, he was exploring experimental plane. He was more in danger in Texas than our Gore wasn't Vietnam because he had a bodyguard. Right. I mean, could you believe that in Vietnam where this landmines and his gorilla attacks and he's more in danger? No, was this on the days that the W was a wall and nobody could find him? I think it's when he was in his drinking day today. I see. Is this when he kind of vanished and took a powder if I can use that expression? That's bitch Liz and Miami, huh? Yeah. She's best buddies with misfudge, Miss a matrudge. She was really brought out of the closet and that blinded by the right. Yeah, it was great. Party girl, but I think it was not meant. Matrudge is David Brock without the balls. That's the only difference there. You know, he's just David Brock with no balls. You bet. Thanks, Neil. Thanks to the good news. Uncolter sucks. We hate you, Anne. Like poison, don't we? Yeah, we're old. Anybody with a brain. Okay, get back to your list. Here's a book, hello. Good morning, Neil. How are you? Pretty good. I was actually on social last night, but you produced a set that is show was off the air. It wasn't. I was on the radio. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. What do you mean my producer said is show was off the air in Miami? That's what you told me. You might be following down the phone with you. You bet a last one. Scott, you told us, Connor, there. Open up the microphone, did. Open up my jacket. Good morning. Yes, good morning. Speak. You told him that the show was off the air last night? Somebody had come into the control room and said that six times off the air, not for the whole night, but it was off for a little bit last night. For a little bit. Well, don't believe anything goes out. When they come in, you're just kicked their ass out. Okay, go ahead, sir. Anyway, anyway, so I said, so I heard you're turning a little bit right wing. And he said, you're changing your spots. And when you and Miami, you were very left and democratic. I said, what happened to you? He said, what? He says, well, you've been listening to the Rogers for too long. Are you serious? I said it. It's a good. Are you sure? He said, have you been listening to the Rogers for too long? It's very not on me. I see. Okay, well, don't stop. Don't worry. Have a good day, Neil. You too, pal. Thanks for the good news. We had a little field controversy here to kill us first hour and a half to those ratings come out. That's good. Now, get in back to your pool. Well, I'm doing a good job at dragging this out today. I like it. No, I know I do because this is like, I mean, it's not really all that significant other than it's a very sad day because it's my last Thursday of these Tuesdays and Thursdays deals. It's the last day of the summer scan that I have going. And then on Monday, it's like back to a five days week and I'm not too happy about that. Back to the grind. I'm thinking more like, but maybe two weeks in November would be good for like five days a week and a rest of the year. Tuesday and Thursday suits me great. And with a thing in contact each head 25, I have no idea what contact is. That's the Jody Foster movie about the space aliens. They built them in there. I don't know from it. And I can't stand Jody Foster too much for me. Who friend garage her rabbit 24 the big Lewinsky and Oceans 11 each head 22. Oceans 11 needs to be sequel. I don't know. I never saw it. Oh, my God. And the fact that they made that remake was primitive all along in prison and Matt Damon probably have a good time. Unbreakable 21 starship trooper 20 logons run 18. Tron 16. Buckaroo bonsai and Memento 14. Memento doesn't need a sequel. We'd all be in a rubber room. Good. Magnolia, which is obviously the correct that a fin and a dancer had only 12. We're going to show you how many yoke are well. We don't have too many people in town. Head only 12 votes for Magnolia. That's the answer out of over 800. Goonies 11 starman 11 V. Head with L is V. The giant. No, seriously. What is V? V for visitor to an alien invasion. See, I'll see the gratuitous filter comes out of this man's post. You know, just said vagina. Just so we could say vagina penis vagina. Value, you know vagina. What is that? Labia. Bracom. Yeah, stuff like that. Plast Gordon 7. I want to have Dr. Monroe 7. Dr. Monroe. That's what the caller said. We just played along the whole. Oh, Dr. Monroe. Six. Rocket tier 4 and the cat people too. That's a good poll question and really schmitty answers man. That's really embarrassing. And then probably again because there's nobody in town. Anybody who's got more than 50 cents or got a brain is already out of that swamp. I understand through the grapevine it's raining cats and dogs the everyday is really nasty. Yes, sunny here, but we have a smog alert. It's going to be in the 32, 33, which is like, I don't know about 90. Maybe 90 or maybe a little more than 90. And so we're really conserving. We're cutting back. This is the last day that we have to like really be our best and keep the lights out and talk real low and stuff like that. So that we have no brownouts in blue. See, the power to man at 9 a.m. 17,350 megawatts up from 16, 690 on Wednesday at the same time. But we got 21,000 for it to be available. This is the new hobby we all have in Toronto. No, seriously, we count the megawatt. A while watching. Yeah. Also, who's saying cousin chemical Ali has been caught in Iraq. How many times have you been caught? I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. They first they killed him and then they caught him. And another caught him again. Ali has son, Al Majid, a feared cousin of Sodom who's saying that then chemical Ali for his use of poison gas in attacks has been captured by US forces and Iraq again. See it and said that a guy can't stand a freaking lies man. Lyrally your thing is on fire. So maybe we'll actually get a definitive a type-breaking call on the film Henry situation. We got the first guy and you know, I don't choose to believe either one of me. I'm saying that would's the one because I don't listen. Even if I were there, I wouldn't listen. Remember one, I don't listen to the radio other than when I'm at work. And number two, I don't listen to Phil anymore. Are you sure? I have a listen to him in years ages. So what, what, what, what would I know? So don't give me this crap about why I do you wanted to believe that first guy. Yeah, somebody's going to say that. I don't know. We had two completely. They listened to the same show and it got completely different versions of the same name show. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. I O.D. was off the air for a metah for transmitter maintenance last night. Yeah. They made an announcement about six fucking evening that they would be off the air. But they said something interesting. They said that these screams, the wedge scream would be up. If you wanted to listen to the regular programming on the web only. Well, how long did they sound off for? I believe I may be from 10 to 6. I'm not sure the exact hours, but they definitely said they were going to be off the air. And they specifically said transmitter maintenance. Yeah, but this is Philan like from 7 to 10. Right. So I mean, I mean, the maintenance was after 10. And where's overnight maintenance? I see. So in other words, he was on it. Definitely. Okay. Thanks, pal. Thanks. Are you sure? No, he got panicky because he wanted to run back to the air radio. And here is for us like every. No, don't be knocking at guy. He was a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. She, you are. You really are a prick, man. You're a bad. I'm the one. It gets all the bad. Oh, that New Rogers man. You can put a tape in your boom box and record the whole thing. What does that mean for the people that want to hear their own voice? No, but they want to hear it like. They want to hear it live. They want to hear like right after the lay. It's exciting for these people. You know, what else are they going to do down there on August 21st? That besides blow their brains out right. Look, what is it? New and already? We got voice is exciting. A lot of pressure. I'm certain people in that building and none of it on me. That's that's for a good. I like that. No, I see. I got a story no matter what it comes out. Because if it comes out good in midday, I can say, see. I was under me Tuesday and Thursday in July and August. I made them all this year. I wasn't sick from my, my disease department in Amsterdam because I'm not there. But I was brutal last year. You remember all the, I'm sure you do all the hacking and brought the update. I would go into coughing spells from that bank basement there from the mold and the mild view and all the other crap. I thought it was going to die. And then you see what that did. It was a trigger that bad science infection. So when I would come back there and I accused it of being like an unsafe workplace, which it is. But I would do the same hacking and coughing because I had the allergies and everything in my system. And thanks to my good friend, Dr. Ham. Thank God for her. Thanks to your close friend, Rimmer for her season. I'll bad. Just mostly, but not all bad. Do you think she counter bounces midchurch? Oh, oh. Maybe about like a few hundred thousand off. 1041 at five sixty WQM announcing a 2003 Neilville blowout. So let's go on right now as I speak with our good close personal friends. Timeline and Joe Prieto at Halipadi, X EMC. Write this instant. You can get the lowest prices in town at Halip. Well, that's as always. Neilville number one gets zero percent financing for sixty months on every single 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock. Neilville number two, number two, number two dose. Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2000 3GMC in Pontiac in stock. And still going for audio, current and former military personnel. A next-re incentive to shop and health kits yourself in additional $750 rebate from your good close personal buddies at Halipadi, X EMC. If you buy a 2003 Pontiac some for you can say of a ton of cash you can get for only 11,998 or a full-size year or a for only 15,998. Hurry and now because inventory is be limited. And Halip you can still test drive any vehicle on the lot for 24 hours. I'm sure glad somebody we know didn't test drive one of their cars. I don't want to mention the 90-known names. You can take it home. Take it to work. Take it to you. Well, I'm not going to say what I was just going to say. Halip's also got a great selection of certified pre-owned cars trucks as you know. The V's dependable ones as always. And as I always tell you, if you're one of those ex-radio people maybe like a radio sales hole, or you knew somebody in a radio business in your credits got all kinds of blemishes on it. Have no fear because they'll cut you deal somehow. That's what they're in business for is to make you a deal at Halipadi X EMC. 134.01 South Dixie Highway. That's on US when across from the falls. Or you'll be finding now for the 35th consecutive year open every day, seven days a week. If you want more info on these spectacular needle deals called a needle deal hotline toll free, one Triple 8 53442 11. That's one Triple 8 5342 11. No forget all these needle deals. Submit to credit approval, see our friends at Halipadi X EMC, who probably tell you they are professional grades. You're my and all. This is for 20th place in the US. 2 AM. Back to Canada, you too bastard. Who becoming known for their all the puns in 20th day? I break the party, hey you're charla, across the USA. What do you go, or what is this I hear? This cry and valley who has a bunch of squares again this year who say that I wish for God's mercy, I wish, unless it goes to you. If you are your one-day march and a puns in 30th day, you can be a bummer but it's dumb and that's okay but you can't be and you should give. No. Well the order of Hyperionians, both Hemman and Sus great, have delivered this Brennalsman's upon the blessed day. Short a little bit half haven't fallen nestled in the sea. But you're going straight to hell with a homeless sexuality. Oh, God loves the Irish as long as the men are men. Are you? It's a festival of regards we've never been short of them. You can be seen, you can drunk in Ireland, chunks will love it all away. But you can't be Irish if you're gay. Boy, you can't be Irish if you're gay. And now, don't even try to be an Irish if you're gay. 1048 at 560 WQM. God loves the Irish and of course there are a lot of people who do I guess. Anyway, here's the thing you just said not for air. It says, no, I will love Fashi that information that you requested. And also with the bottom, it says 4,239 bucks for the best of meal so far. It's okay, it's slow start. It's slower. We usually start when people are in town and it's slow start. I would just say that. See the best part of it is we usually do this like October through December. See we got like a head start. We got like an early start, which is good because even though there's nobody in town, we got 40 200 bucks already. The best of meal, 2002, 2003 CDs are available on our website, mirage.com. Also the more Howard David had key chains. Absolutely. And some other crap. T-shirts, cups, mugs, co-wand mugs, co-sees, whatever you, whatever we can pedal you. Okay. And the best part of it is all the profits go to a really great charity of abandoned pet rescue being the animal lovers that we are. And you know, there are probably some people in the organization who also went to pussy cats, things like that, not for this kid, but you know, they do a great job of abandon per rescue. You can read all the bottom on our website when you click on that thing. Just click it on and get it, God damn it. We want to raise 100 grand this year. Yeah. Well, it's just the last year was what we didn't even do it last year. So we got to make up for last year or two last year. Everybody's busy being lazy. Yeah. I don't want to do it too much work. Yeah. That was that damn Miguel, you know. I'm sure you said he's out of town. Right. He's out of town. He's on his honeymoon, is that it? Yeah. Where did they go? Like to a Guadalajara? I don't know. Or maybe it wasn't Guadalajara. Maybe it sounds like Guadalajara. Maybe that's where they went. Do you think? It's an 80's. I can't get back to me. Oh, she never looked better than she does now. Morphing low. Morphing low and say, yeah, Chris, I'm sound you right now. Go on our website and take a puke at that. Plus that picture. Is that the great job? But I picture him with a t-shirt. Was that on his way out to the car? Yeah. He says that on his way out to his way out to his. He's juicin'o the blurriness is because he was shaky because he's off the dope. I'll bring your pardon. He's off of the drugs and he's shaky now. He's off of what drugs. Or is it a show who knows what the hell he was on? Zack? Obviously not cocaine. Well, what are you talking about? He's off the drug. That's what he said. I don't know what he's on. Or what? By the way, a very good news today is my fourth sugar free day. Consecularity. Oh. Why had I had headaches for a couple of days? It always happens when you do acins or an acins like thing. We should take a moment to applaud you. Oh, seriously. I'm down like just here over 190. And you know, when I come back when I'm back to 10 next week, I'll be under 190 for first time at a long time. For a while, then you're a pork up because you'll be sitting at home doing nothing. No, I will not be poking up. Okay. I will not be poking up at all. Beyond a treadmill on beer. This is it. Last chance, really? Pretty old job. I'm positive. Here's our poll question for today. I know we get around with sooner later. We're just killing time to 11. What is it? About 30 man. About 11 30. When a trend comes out for June, July, May, June, and Julia Julio. That is going to be pressure packed. Now, what was for all? He's trying to deflect the, Well, they have to know he did fine in a book. They did okay. Mad Dog got helped tank a lot with a 3 to 4 hour. Hopper had a big 5 to 6 hour. Right? I see a hot person on vacation again this week. He's got a better scan than I do, I think. He never works. How many days a year does Hank Goldberg work? Not 30 man. Because we got today. We got, uh, oh, the big, oh, from 47. And he complained about you about you filling in what I'm not there. Yeah. I mean, it's not personal. I like Orlando, Al's a queer. He's a good, the spick. Never stole a freight train. But man, he is so bad on a year. You're forgetting something. What's that? He talks about sports. Oh, that's right. The big 4 to 7. Mad Dog will be back today. It says here. Now, his mad dog definitely back or not. As far as we know. As far as we know. All the way is point to yes. 2 to 4. The signs point to Ann Arbor, old number 88. Uh, I'm going backwards on here. Per a cool hotline at 7 o'clock tonight from Tony Romas and Aguables. 8 30. Why, you know, I haven't been to Tony Romas in a long time. Which way? Which is better. Tony Romas or Bobby Rabinoz. I used to prefer Bobby Rabinoz. I'm a pinnita one. See, and now you're starting to talk about food again. Would you stop the door? They both are weak. Although ribs are okay like on the Atkins. I was, you know, I was thinking about Dr. Bob. I don't think I did him justice. I feel bad about that. I don't feel bad about too many things I've said or done. But I feel bad about that. Why? I mean, he didn't know he wasn't a very personal guy to say the best. Okay. But, but, but I don't know. I don't compare him with Mo. He did a lot of good for a lot of people. Dr. Bob. There are a lot of people who saved their lives that he took all of that crap for over 30 years. He did all of that crap from the establishment. But, third man. Actually, when did the first of the Atkins come to the stop to the 7th of the 7th of the year? I think 72 or 3. So about 30 years, he took all of that crap and now that he's dead, he had that bad slip and fall there in New York, when it would have come and died. But, now he's dead. Oh, you know what? He wasn't so bad after all. And every week I still see somebody saying, oh, new reports is the Atkins is bad for it. And both crap. Both crap. I mean, if you do it for too long and then too extreme. And you're in ketosis for like every New York, you're a acid buildup in Gout. And your toes as big as Vermont. Yeah, then it's a problem. But he did a lot of good for a lot of people. So I feel bad that we didn't like Dua. I mean, look at the assholes that the Ullogizer is like Bob Hope. Okay, screw Bob Hope. Who the hell needs them? You know what? You're right. Let's have a three hour moment of silence. Or at least there are 37 minutes to 11.30. Anyway, let's see. We got Marlins on Decade. 30 Marlins would like to get out of Denver. I'll tell you that they got Womp. Two nights in a row. They're going to try to break that district tonight at the Atkins. 905. And you're on Mark overnight. Midnight to 5 or 80K. Is on vacation. Did I hear for us at the Atkins or was it the guilty? There for that the Atkins and Rome. He went to the dog track. Somebody ought to tell Atkins that they have a harness racing and Rome and all Britly too. He can go bet on Enrico Belai. And who's the driver of the rent of that great to try to for rent? Who's that guy's name? Come on. Come on. America of a speachie. Isn't that his name? Oh, his name is Zino. It'll come to me because you know me and those obscure names. To rent in Riko Belai. Do you think there's anybody in the United States anywhere? It's ever listened to this show who knows who Enrico Belai is? No. He's a great driver. I mean he ain't no Donald Brainer. But okay, here's the poll question. Which of these American political or entertainment figures do you admire the most? I'm trying to think, oh, and you know what inspired me for this? Pretty obvious. Yeah. That by the first name on the list watching that movie is today morning, bowling for Colin Pi. Michael Moore. I think Michael Moore should be the president. And you know what? Again, I don't want to get the off track here, but it's it's heartbreaking. And this is the case when it was Lenny Bruce or anybody, somebody comes along and challenges the establishment has the balls to say things that are just politically incorrect, really, really. Tell a like it is. And right away, they have to like a disson. You don't have to like tear him down and the tried to discredit him. Just like that crap at the Oscars when he runs for the best document. Every bowling for Colin Pi. Right. And he stood up there and had the balls to tell it exactly the way it was. Oh, there we are. And half of the crowd is buoying and there, you know. And then all the crap that we got in the media then the establishment, the suck up establishment media and then no balls media in the USA. God, it's embarrassing. And you know, one of the points that they made in the movie, Bowling for Colin Pi, about the difference between like the crime stats and Canada and how much more civilized people are here. All the murders in the US as they showed where the difference in where the news comes from. What people are fed daily. The Canadians are why they showed the CBC and how civilized and how intelligent and how like objective they are presenting the news as opposed to the if it bleeds it leads as historical bull crab. And they showed all these these news teams from the different channels showing up, you know, the scene of a shooting or a murder or whatever. Because that's American F and way. But if they for no other reason, just in the C Dick Clark and Charlene Heston, who really even embarrassed you much about it's bowling for Colin Pi and it's a must see. Not just the best documentary, the best film I would say of all time. You're you'll agree. Okay. Who ours is one fifty nine. Michael Moore, that's my offer. Which of these American political entertainment figures do you admire the most? Michael Moore, George W. Bush, we had to put him on here. It's kind of a gag of the day. I gag when I hear his name. Arnold Schwarzenegger. A man who really stands for nothing. And Ralph Nader, that was George's choice. That's the for I made a shirt list. I'm not going to be overalplated. I just thought he should know we're voting for Michael Moore. I'll say that right now. Yeah. Why do you know that? He's phenomenal. Because he's the fact I so I like him. And he's from Michigan. So what's not to like? And they showed some interesting stuff here in Toronto too. He did actually go around to some homes and open the door. And they apologized. They said I just want to see if there are a lot of people that don't lock their door. And sure enough, every door that he tried, they were unlocked. And he liked that. They. Yep. 10. 56. It's 5. 60. WQM. We're only a little more than a half hour away from those gigantic arbitrends. The big rating. This is the one where for Ralph. I go through the roof. And George could have like a big, uh, something. Underpaid. Overworked. Underappreciated. How'd you like to have a new hot pink career before years end? You're supposed to say yes. Take up the protocol fast train tool free at 866 fast train. They can have you train in certified before years end. The demand for computer professionals is continuing to grow like topsy. So there's no better time than right now to obtain a new high-pane career. Fast train offers job placement assistance. Convenient dating weekend skidsels. And with six locations, there's a fast train year six location. Did you know that? No, I did not. Of course we don't know where the two new ones are because Todd wreck can't be. He can't be bothered with that. Since he's just drizzin' up old copy anyway. Fast train offers financial assistance to those who qualify as well. So call our friends at fast train today and be sure and tell them that Todd Dreck told you to call one 866 fast train. That's 866 fast train. Do no more excuses to stay in the crappy dead end job of the mediocre paycheck. Check them out on the web for you like at fast train.com. And then call one 866 fast train. My local weird sports radio 560's U.S. U.A.M. Who's gonna give Ricky a blow? U.A.M. U.A.M. And culture is a party girls' blood. Party girls' blood? Party girls' blood. U.A.M. U.A.M. And culture is a party girls' blood. Party girls' blood. Party girls' blood. Party girls' blood. U.A.M. U.A.M. U.A.M. U.A.M. And turn back. And start sprint. Are you sure? That's a bummer. Right.<|lb|>M13 RENONEY'S MARCO AND CUNLY A SOMETHING I'm allCDU You gotta book the beat about Slandering. Nobody knows for about Slandering. Out with a big suit Mouth anyone through the left of Mangalum. Such a good Christian girl. You want a strangles hug. Fondificating who she's hating. Political pundit on tiff the canings from on the floor and masturbating. Overbubble against can't you know. She's a better realist than maw. Are you making liberal a dirty word you know? In a mini-skirt showing capital. And culture knows what they can be in a mini-skirt that spells fish-chage. She's a tall drink of water on the side of the lawn, or with a back alley hook to be like a broad dollar. It's a nice little money. She'll spread those eggs with a cigarette and a sharp man. And culture and culture. Political pundit. The actual price. It's a cheesy lake. You're a Club in all three of five, 60 WQM. Here's a lady of all people in the plantation. Hello. Lady of the plantation. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, how are you doing? Good, how are you? Great. I didn't even do it with the best. And then with the hope for help to have almost animals. And you know about the Florida Plate for Pod. They're trying to wait for $89,000. They're just $500 email addresses. You know, take make those plates. Which I think is cool to help staff you know. The old population in Florida. You know, they're not familiar with it. What is it called a place for water? It's called the Florida Plate for Pod. They're trying to make plates to help staff you know the old population of animals and the youth nation. Right. You know, and just help keep the population down. And because the poor animals are born to die. So how do you do one of those plates? Well, what you gotta do is what's a trying to do is raise funds. And there's 1500 email addresses of things. And $89,000, if they raise all this. I think it's December. There's like 101 days to go. I don't understand what that means. There's 1500 email addresses they need. Or if survey and you go on the website. Okay. And you go and take the survey. Well, what's the website? It's um, www.FordaPlateForPods.com. Plate for Pods, PA. And you know, you know how you have the nice and plate or the port. So what will happen if there's nothing money is raised. They'll make these plates. Great. And yeah, they need to raise the money to make the plates and people can buy the plates. And you know, support the, you know, they're paid and noonering, you know, organizations and, you know, and then we keep the population down and these poor animals will have to, you know, be multiplying and, you know, dying. And yes, right. You know, and it's really good. Okay, well, I'm going to check out the website myself. I'm sure other people will do. And there's a lot of, um, a lot of organizations after that rescue these pets and all of them after their plates are, you know, the plates are made. Then everything that's left over will go to these organizations to help them. Great. Okay. Thanks, Elizabeth. Appreciate it. Well, thank you, honey. Have a good day. You too. www.FordaPlateForPods.com. That's cute. And I can also bring in Bob Barker right. Have your repets fade noted. In fact, I think most of the people that have the unwanted allos animals, procreating, uh, they ought to be spading no other to. Sure. Now, here's this hostile facts from Bill and Davy. Well, Bill and you're just, uh, out of control, but he's got to point and enjoy. And you were wrong because George did facts into me immediately. It says, Neil, George will probably not forward this to you, but I will vent anyway. Why is it necessary to have George to hear, to have to hear George speak when you're on the air? Maybe we could get like a filter, you know, I'll just turn the mic on. No, no, no, just that we get a filter for those people who want to filter your voice out. Oh, I said. And we could know we could raise money for, uh, for the event of Paris. You could do it on our best and the other thing. Anyways, as I thought this was the Neil Rogers show not the George Rodriguez show featuring Neil Rogers. It's bad enough that I have to tune out when he's underring the summer, but I don't want to hear him when I tune back in on Tuesday and Thursday. Tell George to get off your coat. He'll get off my coat. Tails, God, Demi, you little speck. Okay. Remember what? Remember what happened to the bird when he learned not to shut up. No, that isn't why the bird. That's not why the bird got canned. The bird got canned because he just was out of control. If you know, I mean, I don't know what I talked about. It wasn't up his alley. It wasn't up to his standards. And he was there like, you know, he's hiding in the tent room. Little temper tantrum and put his head down on the table and start like a little child. You know, don't bow to the studio. Stop out of there. Especially, and that was back in the days when I was a big hairy, hairy and cubist fan and that stuff. And he just had a nervous breakdown about that. Well, screw you, birdie. That's right. He's dead. Take this pool. He says his villain, baby, who's a hates you like poison. Yeah. And then you know something I'm going to say this. This is not a bad pole to take not that today. But someday, right? Sure. Let me vote. And of course, we'll add a lot more names to this pool. But I don't need any more names. I've voted for Michael Moore. He's my favorite person. My favorite political personality. I admire his fat ass. Well, not his ass. It's just take this pool. How many current knee arangers listeners will tune out if George ever takes over your show? I'll be the first to vote. This bill. But it's interesting, though. It says it's bad enough that I owe I see that I have to tune out when he's under in the summer. I see. I thought maybe a caught him there like a little duplicitous thing by did not at least his consistently does hate you like poison, but he's consistent. Did you get my face with that stuff? By the way, yes, yes, and good. Be sure and tell the appropriate party that wonderful. Give a big kiss on the cheeks on his rosy cheeks. Look at that. Michael Moore's got five of the first seven votes. Of course, two more hours. He's got six of the first eight votes like I said five six seven. Oh, five 60. Let's add some names to this list. So we can really make it in prison. There must be somebody you admire, which of these American political or entertainment figures do you admire the most? Should we put a gene graphelo on there? If you know what? No, why is that so why did you give me that like Mr. Edge sound effect there? I think I think Bill and Davey may have a point. Oh, I mean, is that that ridiculous? Yes. How about what's his name? Oh, yeah, like that. What's his name from the West Wing East Wing? Martin Sheen, sheen from the Sheeny Alps. Huh? Martin Sheen would be good. People who are not really what's the thing Tim Robbins? Tim Robbins would be excellent. You ever saw that movie? I did you. Which one? The one that I told you that I saw. The candidate, the not the candidate, but the whatever it was called. Nope. That was a damn good movie. Where he got elected based on a totally bogus, uh, and then then he, uh, uh, got the sympathy vote with the phony shooting and all that other, it was great. What does the name of the Algo and the other woman looked during the break? It's sitting there and I'm not bringing it home. I don't want to have a whole sack full of tapes. I will bring bowling for colabon. I haven't sit on top of my little sack in there. This one don't forget. We got Michael Lord George W. Bush. Have you votes yet in our pool? He's got two. He's got a period out of 21. He's got two. Michael Lord's got 15. Nader 3. Bush 2. Arnold Schwarzenegger's got one. He's got a big one. So that's our list so far. Nader Martin Schene and Tim Robbins. 567.0560. 560. On a AT&T line. North Miami Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You mentioned Tony Rome is with the other day. Yeah. I go every Monday for the O.E. Can he rip? Huh. I missed that. Yeah, it's good. Yeah, I'm also the guy that 8.9 doesn't waste your memory. I thought he was. Yeah. Anyway, I'm a about for Rell. Yeah. Did you know he was on page 7 of CityLink? Again? Yeah, he's um, you want me to do it? I love him over there. They're obsessed. Yeah, you want me to read the little snippet they got. Sir, go ahead. Okay. Scott for Rell says he's resume. Alright. Bush radius. Sports radio host at WQA. I'm always wants to do the hottest girl in the room. He lives in Boca. He lives in Boca Ratten, kind of with 80 year old neighbors and lives on popsicles and blunts. Oh, Logan. Nice rack. You guys got to see the picture of the picture. Well, now what is what is this under? This is a listing of different people personality. What is it? I don't know. I don't know. I've got a bunch of different people. I've got the Divo from Jack Act. It's got Rosio Donald. It's got Don King. Jimmy Buffett. Many cravets. I have no idea what they're doing. They put Rell on there with Rhozan. Yeah. No, Rhojo Donald. Oh, this even worse, I'd sue their ass guy. Tell me about it. You got to see the picture of no, it's classic. Okay. Okay. Check it out. Okay. I've built an aslist a bit of the hourway, but that's okay because lemon turkey got those trends to fall back on. Then we got that big gigantic oozing one to two hour. It's piece of cake today to weigh. I look at it for more. I'm sitting. Here's the Oakland Park. Hello. Hey. Congratulations on your diet. Thanks. I mean, it's four days is not, but I'm, you know, at least I'm trying. What's your theory on the Georgia's concert? Hate now lately. But do you mean? I mean, he's just spewing out here. We've been constantly. Is it Reverend Jones? Yeah. No. 560560 we're not getting any names for our list. And of course, I knew it wouldn't be easy because there aren't a lot of people we admire. Most of our bunch of fakers and rip off artists, etc. They're going to be somebody. Somebody out there somewhere like maybe Santa Claus. 560560560 on the AT&T in Verizon, where it was lying. I thought this would be like I said not that easy, but generally a little piece of cake, a little sliver. Cake? Here's a Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. I've been in here for two days. I lived here. I listened to your show. Yes? I'll tell you. There have been birds that have fallen out of my butt into the toilet, that are more techful than you, you're in front of the line. I'm delighted that you're continuing to listen though. Thank you very much. You jack as you've phoned it. That was a phony. That's all we got left because there's nobody with a life who's in town now. Like I said, this ain't going to be easy, but we only got 18 minutes to those numbers. There are coming out. Excellent. That was Greg Reed doing a voice. 12 minutes after 11 at 560WQM, brand these shoes and pompot obieges go on bigger and stronger than ever 25 years in business in a single location with the same fantastic deals. In fact, the deals keep getting better all the time. That's why people keep going back. They got the top names in the shoe business, so they take good care of your Tutsies. They got rockports, echoes, muffisto, timble and Clark's SAS floor shim and lots more. No matter what size you're looking for, they got it. Men 6 to 15, women's 5 to 12, and wits from the very very narrow to the very very wide. And don't forget their professional sales staff will take the time to make sure that you walk out of there with a perfect fit every time. With over 40,000 pairs in stock in their 8,000 square foot mega store, you can bet Phil Henry's life on it that exactly what you're looking for is in stock right now for you to walk out in. Are you sure? Brande shoes. You'll find them at 12, 90 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach, open daily 9 to 9, Sundays 10 to 5, and all this wicked Brande shoes. Floor shim shoes are on sale. Take 20% off the entire stock and receive a free pair of dress socks with your purchase two. Stop into Brande's or check them out on the web if you like it. Brande's shoes with two S's Brande's shoes dot com. And all this is for 2560. Way to way, yeah. Yes? Hobie Bryant. Tonight a special update on Hobie Bryant. Hey, no attention to anything else that's going on. You'll just stay tuned for more. Hobie Bryant. How am I going to know? It's easy to pronounce. Hobie Bryant. Sure. Kobe Bryant. How be Bryant? How about that Kobe Bryant? Oh, dude. We better get your head out of your ass and wrap your life around the B-ball player. We come to a point, though. I'm like the rest of our country. How do you tell me Kobe? Pretty disturbing all. Kobe told me probably. He can dribble about. How do you tell me Kobe? Greatest step at all. He's going to be Kobe Bryant. He's going to dribble about. Look at 18 to five. That's all right. 60 WDQA and we got the greatest drop in in history. No, no, no. No, no. No, no, no. Absolutely. What the hell more could you want than that? You know, that's one of my favorite rights of all time. No, no, no. No, no, no. No, no, no. It's, uh, did I say 1118? I think I just said that. We can't say too often because it means we're only 12 and it's way for those big trends coming up at 1130. Yeah. Of course, I'm making a big deal out of it. It's only a trend. That's number one. Number two, uh, you know, maybe we'll have a computer glitch or something there. Right. Terrence will come in with a sad look on his post. Well, do you think it would be something like that? That's what they specialize in a QM excuses. Here's my any. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. Neil. Speak to me. These guys are catching this. They're going to interrogate them. They're going to time up and they're going to like a pull out their fingernails. Stuff like that. Yeah. I don't think we're going to get any more names for this list. You know, I can sound facts in you one. We got one of the facts. Thank God for that. And what I think I think what this perhaps shows is that there's a truth of people. Now, when you see, that's why I didn't just say political. I said, right. So these American political or entertainment figures, you admire the most. Okay. Okay. 43 votes. Michael Moore 26. Ralph Nader 8. George W. 7. And Arnold Schwarzenegger 2. I realized it's not a very impressive list. There's only four names on it. So far. And when we also had Martin Sheen and Ken Robbins, but we don't have those honor yet. Here's the call from Davy. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. You know, they call it about for Ralph. Yeah. The problem with South Florida. The article is about is comparing arts to California. If we had the local people in the entertainment industry running for government who would have to opt there to write. I see. Yeah. Another thing is George, he used to be all right. But man, now he's so vindictive and he sounds like he's trying to be controversial. He's hateful. Yeah. He's hateful. He's a little aspect. And my last thing is don't be tired. Okay. That's what you think, pal. Here's the end from Florida. How about Bill Moore for your poll? Oh, she's outputted on there because, you know, I'm asking a question. Bill Moore who's absolutely politically, uh, and are tamingly, uh, in Iraq. He's sucks. But I'll put him on there just to make, uh, Ed and for Florida, they'll happy. Thank you, Ed. Hey, at least Ed offered an aim. Sure. There must be somebody out there. You admire him. Maybe this is one of the problems with America. Is that me? I have nobody to look up to. The kids have nobody. How about, uh, Kobe Bryant? Oh, sir. Come. Maybe if you wish ago, maybe. What do you mean, maybe? You haven't heard the, the programming when this was going down. On this station anyway. Good. That's why I'm in such a good mood because I don't hear the programming. I don't hear the sports nerds. I don't hear that crap. I hear a little bit in the morning when I get up and I drag my ass in here about 730. And I hear a little bit of mowing guilty. And then, of course, I hear a little bit of for rally here, a little bit of a cross over. What's not to like, you know? I think that the morning number's going to go way up in this trend. I think for rail is going to like pop it. In this trend. That's my prediction. Here's homestead. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. How you doing sir? Good. I just watched that bowling for column line the other night in. I just wanted to jump out the Michael Moore band. I'm going to stand there with a great flick and I just proved a lot of good points. And I think it needs to be instituted into our educational system. Right. Using everyday life to just prove the point that we are nation into climbing. It's not getting much better out there. And what you're pulling, I think you ran into a dead inks. There is no way to look up to anymore. So good luck with you and have a great day. Thanks, Pauline. Michael Moore for president. Baby, that's what I said. He's leading the way. We're starting to get some votes on here. They're a little bit slow today. But why not? 57 votes. Which of these American political renter timid figures do admire most? Michael Moore 33. George W. Bush 12, Ralph Nader 10, Art of the Sports Nager 2. We still don't have Tim Robbins Martin Scheter Bill Marron or yet. I don't want to push Eric, but I'm just mentioning that. Does anybody passing these along? We want to build, well, we only got eight minutes to those trends star coming. And I'm positive that once they start coming off that machine that Clarence is going to be in there faster than you can say the beast has got his butt open for him. I'm not going to say that. I'm not really sure which you're not. And either is the beast. The beast said he's cut him off. He said he's had enough. He said Clarence don't even know. He doesn't know a top from bottom from inside from outside. And of course, it's kind of difficult when you have to strap that thing on. Here's Mommy Gardens, hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. What was the last thing that the ribs that Tony Romons or whatever is like saying the best thing is that I'll take out. Clarence has the best ribs in South Florida. Well, I've never eaten a flanagan so I would. Gordon, you can get some ribs there one day. That sounds good. I can do that on the air. They got some really, really good sauce and good to an I agree with. Very good reputation. Excellent. Thank you. Thanks, Palay. See everything but what the pole is about. Which is fine. That's good. That's excellent. That means that we actually have people a little bit of material. Let's talk about ribs. Let's go to a Holland and the field of ribs, which isn't difficult because it's all they got. But what is that all about? Of course you've never been there. So you don't know what I'm talking about. But you've heard me mention it many, many times that the men in Amsterdam are like he initiated. Didn't you see the food was crappy? It's got to be a food thing. It's got to be a nutritional thing. A lot of the young people. A lot of really beautiful faces. Nice looking young people. But you look at their bodies and it's like nothing but a bag of ribs. Maybe they were just at playing against. I don't know. In fact, they've been probably out of start eating ribs instead of those goddamn fritas. Those of Loms of fritas. What do you explain that to me? I don't want to get sidetracked here and get off on a food tangent. But I don't have to work because it's not something I really like. I've never, I'm not saying I've never eaten them because we've all eaten for it French fries. It's like, you know, it's just American example pie in the diarrhea. But what's the big deal with them? It's not like they have a lot of taste. They're right. They do. They get out of here. They're right. First of all, there's salty as hell. There's a bad one. They're deep fried and a pretzels. It's been fried for hours and days with large ass. And you'll wonder why people are looking like the way. But you see again, you would think there's no logic in that. You would think that the Dutch with all the crap that the like piece soup, which is a high carb thing. And fries, you think that they'd be fat. Now they're not saying that there aren't some fat old, of course, anybody over 40 in Holland is like a Nazi anyway. You do know that. I do know. Yeah, that when you get to be over 40 on your passport instead of Dutch, it's his doggie. They just put an extra E as in Nazi. Now they're a lot of, they're just, they're not nice. The older Dutch people, they're just very, very nasty and rude. But anyway, don't give me sidetracked french fries and then like the Italians, which you see almost no fat Italians except Of course outside of Italy. But in Italy, I mean, once in a while, you'll see like a really poorly rest-rautour and some trotter. You know, I'm thinking to want to particular who's a place that we've been going for years in Rome. But generally speaking, you don't see very many fat people. They are healthy with that Mediterranean diet. But what are they eat? Tons of pasta. Every kind of pasta invented. Carbohagrate. If you dive a bit like me and you love pasta, you're fresh, baby. You can't eat pasta. Send your blood sugar to skyrocketing. Like crazy. Terrifying. So how can you explain that to me, doctor? Nobody says lazy as we are. That must be it. Here's an excellent choice for our pool. Marine Dowd. I love Marine Dowd. She's great. I'm putting her on her. And you know who else I'm putting on there? Molly Ivins. All right. I'm thinking of those in tandem because I can't separate to two all the marine uses bigger words. That's because she's in New York and she has to sound a little bit pseudo intellectual. But I love marine Dowd and Molly Ivins. We're putting them both on there. Two great urinalists. 26 past 11. Now let's take another quick call or two because one and get some names on it. Here's plantation. Hello. Good morning. How are you? I'm doing great, sir. Talking about Tony Roma was watching the two last night and I caught a Tony Roma and Jill St. John movie, which was an oldie but goodie. And Richard Conti was there playing a top and he was playing Lieutenant David St. TV. Huh. Tommy Dan. I'm vacated you deal with whatever you get a chance. Just watch. Like your county, you of course was Barzini and the godfather. Exactly. See him no more. He played Lieutenant David St. TV. That was one of my favorite scenes in the movie. First there's so many but when he was going up to stairs, you know. Yeah. When I shot the bodyguard and then he started turning and went back up to stairs and got a right about a band. Right in the back it was beautiful. Yeah, that how movie you shot my Emmy Beach by the way. Which one went movie? Tony Roma. Oh really? Yeah. I saw that about a hundred years ago. It was Jill St. John, what a beauty. Yeah. I do her in the dark. Or anybody that close back. Okay. Who's belly? Which one was she? Huh? He said with you watching. I thought he was going to say with George Washington. That's what I thought he said. Well George Washington had those wooden teeth so be careful. Twenty seven past eleven at five sixty w q a and the head kids go back to college and that's couple of weeks will it. You do why not give them one of the comforts of home. A brand new bed from dollar mattress so they can get a great night sleep. Every night and also screw their brains out in the ultimate and comfort. My calling one eight hundred mattressing in order to you a new mattress and dollar mattress for your college student and set them up right in their off campus apartment. When you call one eight hundred mattress you can choose from dozens of models. Seely, sort of tempered pedic. Simmons or King Coral at low student prices. Doesn't matter where the college do this head to either if they're staying in South Florida or head to Philadelphia. Boston, New York, Washington, East Lansing, Columbus, Ohio or wherever Washington. The bedding experts at dollar mattress will make them feel like they're right at home. So get that bed for your kids now by calling one eight hundred mattress. You'll get service like you've only dreamed about in the past and they've lived a team rack number one in the world in customer satisfaction. They carry on the best quality name brand mattresses at discount prices. No house brands, no irregular, no seconds, no crap. And when you call dial a mattress at one eight hundred mattress, you still can pick the day in time your delivery. You pick the two are window any day seven days away from eight in the am till ten p.m. And they'll be there when they're supposed to be in your kids will be sleeping well the very first night with low prices same day delivery free set up and removal. It's easy to see why dollar mattresses still ranked number one in customer satisfaction. And don't forget everybody gets a student discount to a dollar mattress. So column right now one eight hundred mattress. That's one eight hundred MATT RES or online. It's mattress.com for dollar mattress. The easy to smart way to get you a great night sleep and for your college pain and he has good too. My life and low. This is 420 by 62. One, two, three, four, five. Come on over honey now. Come and take a drive to my big house and chapter. Wow, we can both get Jews and maybe a little Panama. No wife is on business. She's out for a week. I might get in the candy store. It's time to cheat. I have pretzels. Hot dogs, cold beer and pizza. You remember when I was building your main entire pizza. It's gonna be a wild time. I'm home in New York. It's just to me, girl. She's like a sport. I'm zipped my flat so good. No my no. But honey now blow on my trumpet. A little bit of Monica. Then my God. A little bit of Monica. Without my wife. Now a little bit of Monica. She's what I see. When she's far away, that's still a little rain. A little bit of Monica. What I need. A little bit of Monica. Then more weeks. A little bit of Monica. Here I am. A little bit of you. I'm a happy man. I love it 3426 till noon. 8 minutes. I'm gonna start getting those numbers. Pump it in. We think. Am I right? I guess. Anyway, how could we have forgotten? That's the reason I played it. Somebody phanks bill. Clinton. How could we have left Bubba off there, right? How to sighed out of mind? I wasn't a Bubba who said for my cold dead hands. Oh, he didn't do that. Oh, you'll love that in the movie. And the boy's for collarby. I know. But I've been going to the house. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to play. I'm going to love that in the movie in the boy's collarby. You son of a bitch. Yeah. Chuck Heston. And the best part of is when you see him kind of like when he's running away. You know, when he ends the interview, he's waddling away. I might say running. That would be an exaggeration. He's waddling away. Shuffling. Shuffling to the shuffleboard court. And then, of course, you realize that now he's got the Alzheimer's thing. And he's say, well, maybe there is a guy. Oh, good. After all. So, we might as well put Hillary on there too, right? Right. Come on. Bill Clinton. I'm going to go to his room. Which of these American political entertainment figures do admire the most? Michael more 61. And actually watch Bowen for column buying it be six million. I'm telling you. George W. Bush 18, Ralph Nader 14, Arnold Schwarzenegger 9. Bill Mar-1. What just happened to my whole Ottomanen? I had a paper jam there. It sounded like the world was coming to it. I never had that before. But I fixed it. Bill Mar-1. Martin Scheen-1. Tim Robbins. One of them we don't have the other names on her yet. And that thing is still stuck. David, David, David. David. David. David. David. David. David. David. David. David. David. David. David. David. David. David. David. What do they call this thing? What thing are you talking about? I don't know what you call it. I call mine the Charlie. Oh, the band never had that hat before the paper was actually stuck in the drum You don't I mean no, what do you mean well, that's cuz you don't know from your facts machines And pull this off. I do what the drum Here's a fact this is I thought these were numbers coming over and I what is it saying? Oh, this is just another copy of the same thing Warren Bayley is a person to look up to he has it all brains looks and broads. Okay. Let's go and the large penis too That's the rumor next to Milton Burl. Hey, here we go the person numbers Okay, well, wait a minute. Have you ever seen a movie bullworth? Yes. It was excellent by the way produced and written by Warren Bayley That's an outstanding movie. I watch it a boy like I'm just passing you the stack. I'm not sorting these out love Johnny Thank you Johnny put Warren Bayley on here. You got it This didn't Warren Bayley say for my cold dead hands. Okay. Oh, I love this story about the fast sick to me. We got to get that on Okay, so are you vaccine me numbers? Yes, and I thought sort and I'm just putting the stack that they hand me in the machine and you just sort of stick in minute points Good thing I got that they've been thickest before all these numbers came in You know what what net of an a mess holy Toledo and they were smiling Who smiling Josh was smiling when he brought the numbers in clearance you said Josh Josh We have Josh courtism. We have clearance Right clearance don't be calling him. Jai He's the program director now you call him clearance. I mean You know who it was that named him clearance Stop it a hump remember those days. I'm a homo Why do you why do you like that drop? It's what he doesn't he doesn't he or he's on vacation anyway We love Hank. Oh, we love him. He loves us. Well, thank God for that See we we get along with everybody except one absolute asshole I cannot be this thing is this thing gonna start printing are you sending me anything or not? It's spewing I don't hear nothing. I'm here like a noise or screaming on my machine, but here listen Yeah, well back at you Okay folks, this is gonna be now. What are we gonna get for his 12-flop? Oh I hear the machine get ready to print I hear that sound I hear that noise Here's the first page Pan at the morning. I put moody kill him Six and a midnight person's 12 plus well listening and it tells too much. I might tell us a little We'll get ahead Number one WLYF slush life Number one overall. That's pretty sad dropping from number one number two But they actually went up and share from a five six to a five seven power 96. Oh, let's hear it Greg. I'll be walking around a whole bit of a smile on his face with his finger in his the deep inside where his brain used to be W ed are FM from a five point out of a five point. You're not gonna read all these numbers. It's boring CM Q hot lot of the spows and shows here in this book AMR. I'll write you on more MIV men in black when zooming up to a three nine love 94 up to a three seven that's the first page This is 12 plus keep in mind overall. Wow Wild a little bit of a drop there. I see a radio romance is ninth kiss is 10th. They went up again. Must be a lot of trailer trash moving into town. You know it Yeah, all in kiss people a lot of them those pickers. Hey, we're up Just relax we are a little bit Wacky three four well, so we have one month. It's just a trend. I OD three four to three two We'll slide there 12 plus WSDJ. What is that three one? That's epic right? I guess why 100 about the same big two eight to a two five PY we're not on a second page party radio Well, this is 12 plus again. This is meaningless, but it'll kill some excellent time I'm delighted that we're doing it this way aren't you? Yeah, but it looks to me like the party's over At party. That's my opinion. I'm like this. Yeah, I'd like to keep saying I just so I can play that drop in QM two under a two four that must be the forral factor Don't you think I mean it's a George factor here or maybe it's the factor On speaker speaking that you know what the local media and I remember I ask kissing Bill O'Reilly Calm not too many by Glenn Garvin not too long go about how big years on fox and they don't mention the fact that his radio show has yet to even Register in a market not a blip Larna's must be laughing up his fat sleeve, you know, because he the he doesn't show anything not our fraction He's got a 0 How do you like that? I like it a lot of course Larna's when you remember when he tried TV it was kind of like my TV experience although he had better production Man was at a disaster a big fat disaster Hard ass Some people are cut out for radio some people are cut out for TV and then like Bill O'Reilly some people ought to just be cut it out Oh, what is uh, I want to make sure I don't run out of paperback there A lot of pressure now with his facts machine Thank God for my heavy duty equipment okay 12 plus in the morning. Oh, let me do the break Because now we're starting to get some day parts here's like a little inkling. You know why bet is this in right now? Absolutely the moment I'm listening we hate you mo like poison and it's not stick. It's the truth And when I'm there in town next week don't come anywhere I don't want to see you. I don't want to smear your nasty bag. I don't want to see that mouse. He looking peace that must grab That was great one's active that picture him doing the musk rat ramble on his way to the park and off this morning With that T-shirt this is you think I'm an effin person and of course everybody's saying no 1141 is 560 WM if you're underpaid overworked and unappreciated like so many how would you like to have a new hot pan career before years and? Uh-huh sounds good pick up the phone call fast train toll free and check this out One eight six six fast train that can have you trained in certified before the end of the year the demand for computer Profitals is continuing to grow so there's no better time than the present to obtain a new hot pan computer career Fast train offers job placement assistance convenient dating weekend schedules and now they've got Six locations all over South Florida, so there is just bad to be one year by you and some day Todd wreck my tell us where the other two are Fast train offers financial assistance for those who qualify pick up the protocol fast train toll free 866 fast train That's 866 fast train. There's no excuse to stand that end job one more minute Check them out on the web if you like it fast train.com and then call them toll free time the Todd director to make that life changing call fast train Hard or a liver 560 WQAM is relieved to present the forl and guilty show I'm sorry So tender in here now it's all died Yeah, I don't have to bring a towel to light the chair off no more Yeah, I Stay with that boy so day. No, I don't know he's on my dad. No, this is my voice I'm not putting you on every day. I wake up sound in the same way Hey, the voice itself Yeah I know what I do is grab your balls like Ch part grandma knew Oh the Exactly Could you please add Bob Grandliss's Lewandell West Hill Ray? Okay, we got Bob Graham on there. How's it coming so far? 137, which of these American political or entertainment figures do you admire most? Michael Morris 70, George W. 21, Ralph Nader 15, Arnold Schwarzenegger 14, that's pretty said, Bobo, we just put him on or he's already up to eight. He's been a smoke. Martin Schienzer, did smoke. Thank you, Greg. Bill, for what? Where number one? Demi? And so, Greg. In one? Open his makeup. So, we can all hear him. Open who's my cover? Greg, he's a... Hey, Greg. Hi, guys. Looks like you're number one, many team plus for the month. Hank was one. Mornings was even number two. And nights was number two. Mornings was number two. Number two, extrapolated for the month of July. Well, you know what that's all about, don't you? Absolutely. I don't want to put any pressure on you to say it, but we know that's all about. Great. We're on a way, baby. You called it two months ago, you said we're on the way. I totally would be this trend, did that tell you? See you next week, Greg. I'll be there right in the flesh. You can shake my hand and put your, you know, pat my balls, but. Okay, look at that. We're really kicking us in. The best part of this, George ain't getting any credit. Did he say nice going? No. No, because the month is mostly you. I'm only on Tuesdays and Thursdays and most did you lie. Except the first couple of days. It's a lot of you. Of course, keep in mind in the past summer is in the beginning. George says pretty well, and as the summer goes on, they start getting really tired of your ass, you know? No, but this is great. And the reason being that now, number one, we got our time to, uh, slot back tend to do. Oh, and we got to leave it. Oh, for the first time, and I'm trying to take a win. Once the last time I had a real lead in. Never. Now I see such is going to be upset about that. No, you won't. He won't. No. He hates Rick too. Okay, so anyway, here's the men numbers. Many tell this is good, because actually now I'm got these organized. Humphor did well. Humphor and even 12 plus went from a two, three up to a two way. If you people out there are board by these numbers, I understand that, but everybody in a business gets psychotic about this. They turn to old Neil. Every time there's a trend, we're rating book or whatever. Just a good idea whether they still have a job or not. What does your go home and blow their brains out? That was very nice. A great to come in there was he must be in a good mood, huh? He has no? Well, that's good. Nice. He powered it well. We're doing well. We're kicking ass and off for real. What did I tell you about that guy, damn pervert, didn't I? Yeah, I told you he was going to kick some big smelly ass. And I bet he's listening right now. Nice going, Scott. I had my thumb on it. I knew right off the bat. And of course, like I told you before, you know who's going to be taking credit for two months. I'll tell you the whole book comes out and we can extrapolate the hour by hour. Now let's see, six to 10 AM, many team plus. Or I see they've extrapolated the months already, but they're really on top of it. Huh? I bet you're not. I reckon they're with Clarence and they're like feverishly working on it. I have the 25, 54 persons obviously and the persons 18 to 34 what both these stacks? No, okay. I don't want to either one of those stacks. I mean, maybe later on, but right now, give me a couple of some slack Jack as Barbara Villingsley would say. Six to 10 AM, big Howard sperm, seven seven with six to you see the IOD factor is dropping down. Why is it dropping down? We know why because the war is supposedly over even though we got our people dying every day and a lot of other people too. But they had the big spike there because it's the all news station. And of course the right wingers would learn to ask. And the Schmidt-Mister who also I see went down some men, big, six to it at Howard's in the morning, but about a point and a half drop there Howard. Wacky, how do you among B? Isn't that how do you among B is wacky? I don't know. They are wacky. They went from a five to a five, oh, distance number two. Hot four, they went up a little bit there four point eight. WIOD like I said, they went up and men in the morning. I would do, but that's the news thing for older, were four, six does that make any sense to you? Nope. I don't get it. Now what about in midday did they go up in midday? Let's see, look at that. That is outstanding. I can't believe it. And I've been, do you people I want to rip Georgian ass? Let me say it again. Not that I would stand up for him because it's far from me to do it. We're number one, dammit! See IOD66662, not a big drop, but an individual month I bet you they, and didn't Greg just say in the individual month we were number one. That's what he said. So you put that in your pipe and smoke it all, you George Bashers out there. How do you like that? Bill and David. Yeah, Bill and David. Oh, I like Bill and David he likes me. Oh, this, I mean, look, you've got people who listen when you're on who hate me like poison. Fuck you. Oh, you every time I mention that you go, like that. Well, there's a few. There's a lot. I'm just a dottering old Jew. I'm on the way to living legend. Yeah, right. I'm a trench into the community there. Will you say some about trench valve? Well, if you've been around like I have, you might have trench mouth too. Although at least it's been having crotch-wrought like mold. This is great. Well, hallelujah man. We're in a good mood. Let's have a freaking party. Get some food in there. Okay. Alrighty, how is. Thank you very much, how is. What do you mean by that? How is brought food in the morning? We got our sandwiches. We love how is and how is can still bring the bacon and what I'm there? I'm still doing my bacon. I know it's not really great for you, but temporarily it's something. So anyway, what did I say about a many team plus? What am I doing here? Where's OIC? 37 or 39 in the morning, but in the individual month we were number two. See what I'm saying? So to see the forral fact, we have to break it down monthly because this still includes May and June, which in the morning were very, very weak. And then July, when I had to spike upward. I scorn, scot because. We're number one, dammit. You'll see. You'll see. Finally, Greg after Dillon around and screwing up the station like crazy. I think you should have mentioned this when he was in there. Finally, gets the pieces put back together. At least most of the pieces because I would say from eight in the morning till midnight, work here can ask. Wouldn't you? Sure. Even a marlins are going to go up because their TV numbers are way up. Because now there's some interest in it. Dillon trail is a pitch and like hell. And they're like half a game out of the wildcard. They're in it. Even you're excited about aren't you? Oh, I'm vibrating about it. So it was so good. I'm looking at big. Aranya, mom, B, hot, and IOD. Zeta. Let's see. We don't want to leave them out. Your close personal friend Paul and old Ron for two up to a four or five is still number five and men in the morning. A life. Look at his life went up again. 3.7 to a four point. Life is number six and many team plus. Let's be the war. What is that mean? Let's be the war. Must be the war. People want to listen to the slush. Two a.m. like I said, actually went up. It's the forrow factor baby. E.D.R. 3 out of a three nine. And of course, Moistick and himself. You just wait until those old book comes out in the hour by hour. It comes to find out that I'm the one to win up. And while we could say, yeah, you should live so long. You silly old. May it might happen. How much you want to bet? I'll bet your grades life right now. And I'll bet you that. Where you give me. It gets about 40 cent. Give me 100 or not. Maybe not 40. But third man. The three Q a m sitting right there back on top. Where number one? Because now 10 to two is 10 to two. And that's 10 to three. So I bet you the man dog did good to let's see about the hopper. Huh? Are they going to fax me the individual monthly extrapolations? Or is he just going to come in there and like, you know, Or they actually have that like printed out yet. No, no, he, they just got through saying, Were you paying any attention when he was seeing was he too busy with their hands? But that means that they might have had a phone call from a consultant or something. No, no, no. I would be 66 to what six to what six to their number two. They're dropping like a rock. CMQ. Well, what is CMQ? I know it's a speech station. What do they, what do they do? What do they play? What do they say? I wouldn't know. WCMQFM does anybody. No. Life. Life is a fourth and midday and man, they keep going up and up. Love. Look at that. Love 9435 to a four five. That's bogus. Power. And there's no sense of me knows. Okay. How about the afternoon? Look at that. Look at that. Are you at it? I'm on three to seven PM many, teen plus this is a two-bed that Hank is on vacation this week. Because the mad dog being in there three to four is helping a course and Hank is making a big comeback. Look at that. 4.9 in the spring to a five point nine, which means we had a halatious, a humongous July. And in the afternoon, the mad dog in a hopper can say, We're number one. And it's not even close. 5.9 because the IOD and the Schmidt mice did drop from a five seven to a five five. So it's like about a half a point and pulling away in the stretch. Power is a third. And many, teen plus I don't understand that. EDR. CMQ. This was a heavy ethnic book too. M.I.B. men in black. 4.2. So there you go. Should we take a look and see if the Marlins actually I made an impact here? Sure. Probably not. That CMQ is classic all these Spanish. You know what that means, don't you? Is that a little bit like a minanto? You mean like that? Yeah. Oh. Look at that. Number one in men in the night. CMQ FM. Classical. Do you want to play with Miguel? Maybe. 6.3. They went from a four six to a six. This was a heavy, sponish book. A trend. And we still did great. Power. Number two. M.I.B. All the web to number three from seventh in the trend EDR. IOD. Number D5, 3 to a 5 forward. That's Phil's number and are you sure? And whoever else is on 10 of the night that Art Vel, new guy? What's the new guy's name? Dory? A bigger part in George Norrie? George Norrie. That's the guy. Is he good? No. 10. 11.56 is 5.60 where we're having a party because we're number one. Dammit. And little George is a big part of it too. And for real. And mad dog and Hank like I said 8 in the morning till midnight we are solid. Now when we fix those other little parts VIP sportsbook.com is helpful to his favorite sportsbook. They've been around here for years. You know, this is the time of the year all the sportsports are claiming that they're the biggest or the best to make all kinds of misleading offers. But did you know that 99% of these bookies are located in the jungles of Costa Rica? No. In fact, when you call there, you know what you hear in the background? When you're online on home? Is that a new thing? I can't wait to know. This year, move up a class to VIP sportsbook.com. VIP sportsbook.com is the oldest in the largest country in the world. The oldest in the largest sportsbook in the Netherlands. Oh, first world integrity and speak it in English. 100% legal and license to VIP sportsbook.com is soft floor to sportsbook. Sign up before the NFL regular season. You can bet all of South Florida teams juice free all year long. Juice free, which means OJ won't become at your house. You want to bet the dolphins. It's 100 to 100. You want to bet their hurt cones. It's 100 to 100. So forget about ever having to lay 110 to 100 on your home teams. All preseason signups get a 20% cash bonus. Not some funny money match play bonus either. VIP sportsbook.com you find them online or 866 VIP bet is the number to call toll free. 1 866 VIP bet that's VIP sportsbook.com. Where's the always tell you you be the VIP. You're supposed to be a 566. You a M. I am fra out. You're a Russian laden. And I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from juice. And listening to the mirror. Okay. I'm going to miss the hour. Check out. The police voted in their VIP change. You're gonna feel the burn you'll feel the pain in the air. Oh. The lofty plans to pass in clue. Was a pop you up like a balloon. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. Oh. Oh. I tell me. Tell me. I'm talking to the real you were cursed. You won't be a mystery universe. See the kids who get them training. The bunch pops with a lonely weight in the tummy. It's not a vote for the obese star. We're sent with a heavy and bars. I hope you're ready for a cup of breakfast. Watch their ground here. I love it. Probably three or five seconds. They've got to be pure and happy Thursday too. It's a great day moment to stay at QAM. Oh. Have a big party at in my pants. Okay. Me too. Squirt. Party's over. Here's those monthly that we're looking for. Look at this. This is spectacular. If I say so myself. And you lie. Overall the station went from a 4.2 in June to a 5.8. I know these numbers don't be much to the average muck out there. But dummy oh. Wait to hear this. 6 to 10 a.m. What a number. Absolutely. Because the moment was dying in there. I mean 4, 4 and April 3.9 and May a 2.8 in June. A number from a hell. And now in July a 5.8. So if we had a 5.0, you know what that means, don't you? Multiply times 2. Okay. See what I'm saying? Right. Because there's two segments. There's two to our segments. Two to two. So if you got 10 points there between 6 and 10. See what I'm saying? Right. That means that Feral had an 8 and Mo had a 2. Or maybe. Or maybe at a 9.5 and come on. You're your bro. He held the door for me this morning. We're best friends now. The moment or the crap you could unwrap. Okay. As we like to give you. So a 5.0 as you lie now. Ha ha. When you hear the midday 10 to 3, look at that in June. We had a 7.1 share and men in July, which is mostly George a 7.0. That is sensational George. Sorry. Nice. George. Just a piss off what you dropped my ass. So no sir. I missed your humble now. I don't start with that's bad. That's in very not a good technique. Okay. Now he's supposed to take the assertive position. See I told you we're kicking ass. Okay. Yeah. That little grovey loving spick. He sure is helping the crap out of you. See that is what really gets me. That's what really gets me. Here's this disgusting, smelly old cout who comes in a town. This is everybody up. Try to get your ass fired and you're sitting there with a 7 share while he's a suckin' windman. Suckin' whatever he can get his false teeth on. Breaking wind. Man, he is breaking wind. That's why we've versed and I said back at you right on his grave on at the cover on our CD. Don't forget to invest in yield by the way on our website. And then look at the afternoon. Here is the story man. All right. The mad dog and the Humper. 47 April and men, a 5.0 and may a 5.1 and June and a 7.6 and July. The highest number on the station. The mad dog and the Humper. So we get our mid days back. And with all the respect to you, can you imagine? What's going to happen starting on Monday? No, what? When we get back to our full schedule. Oh, correct. We're taking no prisoners, baby. We're leaving them all behind. We're leaving everybody else in our wake. And just to show you that, remember I said about the Marlins? Right. And men went from a 2.4 to a 4. And an individual month of July. 7 a mid that we had a 6.6. So we had a gigantic July. Thank you all so very much for sucking our ass. We love it. Smith. Let's fuck back. Man, that was great. Oh, we don't suck. Well, that was a week. Got a public pile of pending. All the pain. So we got all the stuff here too. But nobody cares about it. Like a weekend. Nobody cares about the weekends. And they're all in the home and shut off the switch and get some rest. You know what I'm saying? So there goes. I was going for a while. Just like I predicted, did I tell him this morning? He's getting all paranoid. I told him the first month and the first trend. Nothing after the format change. And then the second month to the roof. I mean, look at that. A 5.0 and men from a 2.8. And you know it's all 8 to 10. You know, there are any questions about that? No, no. Even more agrees. Absolutely. No, is it's all for real? No, but it's interesting. But for real can keep him alive now. He can make him more than thing. That's for real. He's like for real is life support for the daughter. Oh, it's got experience keeping people alive. Wow. Are you going to start with at the Beater Boy stuff again? Not me. God. What do you think? Moa San about this. Probably. I'm taking all the credit for it. Okay. They can't they can't tell who it is. And it's all me. And it's all jelly. And mostly me. And a little bit of jelly. And I called that handsmole. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 0, wait. We've got to get this circumcision of the vasectomy story. And this is good. For me, Ode's in arrow. A tenth world country. Brazil. A Brazilian man who went to a clinic to have an aching ear check. All of this stuff happened to the US all the time. Anyway, we're here. You're in so flow. A Brazilian man who went to have a clinic to have an aching ear check. Ended up having a vasectomy. After mistakenly believing the doctor would call his name. A manager at the doctor was a Carlos de Esparito Santo Clinic. In the town of Montes Claros and southeast of Minestra, I state. Well, that's just rolling off my tongue this morning. It's told Rarders on Wednesday. Valdima Lopez de Mariahs 39. Enter the vasectomy room. Valdima. Aparecido. What are we. Rodriguez. What's the Rodriguez? And now you see, isn't that interesting. You only wish you would have a well. I don't want to see that. He was called by the full name. And he thought it was him. But the strangest thing is that he asked no questions. When the doctor started the preparations in the air. He had so little to do with his ear. Vanessa Gremonte said, I would have hyped up. No, not him. This is in Braville, don't forget. He thought it was a bonus. Yeah, he thought he was just getting a little friendly. Uh, that's a good day. He later explained that he thought it was an ear inflammation that got down to his testicles. Oh, yeah. What do you hear is near your ear? Dr. Merei is a farmer who has two children. And now want to reverse the operation. Performed last week and showed up for a year exam on Wednesday at the same clinic. He came back for Mo. A local newspaper said he's going to sue us, but did not tell us anything about any claims Goodmott. I said he ain't suein' nobody. He likes it. Maybe he wants to be a guy named Sue or something like that. So that's kind of a huge story. Here's the fact, let's see, we already added on our thing. Or I'll Warren Vady and Bob Graham. Right? Are they on there? Yes. They are? Or they're supposed to be? Oh, and Corvittal and Katrina Vandenhuvul. Oh, because there's a fact here it says I'd like to name an eggor of it. I'll butt Katrina Vandenhuvul, editor of the nation's my favorite woman. She's brilliant, pretty angry looking to. Truth that beauty and brains do not conflict says this facts are from somewhere. So we're building less pretty good. We've got a few votes on Air 187, which is not overwhelming, but you know, what do you Quakey's spec? Which of these American political or entertainment figures do you admire the most? Michael, more 81, or anybody close? Don't forget you must go out and rent or buy bowling for colabiner's steal it and watch it today. It's mandatory. George W. Bush 28, Bill Clinton's already. It was a very late edition, 27, he'll pass W. Like he's standing still. Arnold 17. There's only one question I'd like to ask about that. Why? Yeah, based on what? Ralph Nader 16, maybe it's because he saw our ticket with. Molly Ivins five, Bill Mar for Martin Sheen III from the Sheeny Alps. Marine Dows got a pair, Tim Robbins II, Bobby Graham's got one. Gorbid Al's got one, and none yet for a country to vent in who will want this Factor gets to their PC as long as they don't have the big warm. You notice the new warm? No, I haven't noticed. These so big F, so big. The warm that's so big. It's so damn big. It's a warm that's like a runaway trousers snake. It's so big. Maybe just because I installed all that, the update window stuff. Not kind of what? I don't want to give myself a clear. I have had no problem with that. We haven't had a day there. They're warm free. Damn it. Here's a call from Margate. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. What do you think about that was ghosted on your pulse? They were admire him the most? Yeah, I do. He's there. I like George Washington, Tom and Tom. Okay, great. He called for. Called before for what? That was the same call as before. The same asshole was before. 560 just an asshole. That's okay. Doesn't cost anything to show you. Asked the world an issue. That's no problem. More on. 560, 050, 50, 50, 50 on the 18. We're talking about living people, asshole obviously. Which don't include you. Just like that T-shirt that Mo is wearing on our website. You love that. What makes you think that I'm still alive? No, it says homestead on nine, but you know it's not. Here's homestead. Hello. Where's the Henry? That's him. Show it up. Here's the call from Miami. Hello. And you know how did Joe Rille do on Saturday morning with a 299 buffet? I hear you at a big number. That's the room around the building. Boy, I'm telling you, we have, I think we got it down to a science now. We really got it made in the shade. Don't you feel like we got it rolling? I feel something. Oh, probably diarrhea coming on. So Michael Morris, kickin' out of the bed. Obama's already tied with Bush now, 20 to piece. So go by him. He'll go by him and no sweat. Twelve minutes passed, noon at five, 60 WQM, but now you've been heard about lamb and it's Arustin' I laminated wood flooring from lamb and it's Arustin' the easy, the smart, the low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring. Am I right? Yeah. Laminate Arust is the best place to find lamb and it would flooring from Pirado, Pirado, Pirado, Wilson Art, Unifluir and Quixet Step 2. They had all the top names all installed by Pirado certified installors. Here's another reason why I'd be calling Mammon Arust right now. The prices will positively floor you. Right now you can get there some are special for just $1995. That's correct. Just $1995 gets you up to $380 square feet of beautiful, laminated wood flooring. On, believable. Elaminate Arust will match any legitimate written offer too. If you want to free and home estimate, call Mammon Arust toll free at 1-877-777-3336. If you want to do this with $330, what could be easier than make it simple for you? They give you a free carpet disposal, free furniture moving a 25-year warranty, and years and years of beautiful, easy, Carolina wood flooring. Call him today toll free, laminated Arust, and be sure to tell him that Cresty Old Neal told you to call 1-877-7777-3336. I'm going to see you on my head and roll. This is Port Wedding of Lyses, you weigh a million. You get a lot of big bucks. The Rogers of Sports Hall Radio, WQA. What like presents? Braille, all-American hero. Today, we salute you, Mr. Septyk tanks, sucker out air. It's a filthy job, and no one wants to do it except you, and you're not afraid to give your hands dirty. You, Mr. Septyk tank sucker out air. Drive a big brown truck, but you're not delivering anything. You're taking it away. Because when the Septyk system starts to back up, it won't go down. You, back up your truck. You weigh about that big old hose, Mr. Septyk tank sucker out air. And suck, suck, suck, suck that mal-loader is gravy. But you're not done yet. It's time to grab that long handled shovels scraper thingy, and make sure nothing gets low at the highest. Great that pool. Thank you, Mr. Septyk tank sucker out air. I'm a sucker out air. For changing that giant 1200 gallon diaper, that's buried six inches below the lawn in the bag yard. It's a crappy job. So, track a cold, but life, and pinch a toast to Mr. Septyk tank sucker out air. A real, American hero. Mr. Septyk tank sucker out air. And hiser flush, safe pool is misery. In the end, we're back. We were dying over here, and you know who's responsible. But nonetheless, we got for our, put his back on a map. And George, here's the facts from man who said, and what is this call from Baltimore, Maryland? Can that be for real, hello? And new? Yes sir. How about John McCain on your pool? How about him? The Anom prisoner of war. Shouldn't he be up there? Sounds good to me. So, sweaty, John, right now, I just wrote it down. All right, I got one more for you. Get a Burmour. Uh, you were doing so well. Why is from Baltimore? Where were we used to working Baltimore? Somebody likes him? Uh, anyway, hey, Neil saw bowling for Columbo in last night's his man and loved it. Chuck Heston looked about as young as Mo Howard David. Do you son of a bitch? The way Heston's scampered away after the, we looked like pulling his gun from his cold head hands. Won't be in the, won't be in the distant future. Ha ha ha. Also request, I love the bit with a hump right if you're in a baseball player Jack Clark and he thinks that somebody else, the player keeps having me correct him. Oh, that's bad, Matt. That's bad. We don't want to be priding on today. Do we? No, no. Now when Hank had a big book, or, Oh, tram, whatever it is. Here's one. It says I saw bowling when it first came out and I'm extended that it's, it's gotten and still getting all the great recognition. However, as much as I like Michael Moore, I had to vote for Gore Fittal. I sure have no problem with that. Go for it. We got John McCain going on there. Not sure for him or her. The man who wrote live from Galgatha and Bird is yours is on Memorial on the Mall and DC. Not to forget my work, break and ridge. P.S. What's he addressed at the plates for pause website? Did you write it down? I did. I hope I got it right. I'm a sneezing. I do. Yeah. Florida plates for pause.com. Right. P.A.W.S. Florida plates for pause.com. All in word. Okay. So let's see. We got, uh, how's, uh, Gore Fittal doing? Michael Moore 69 89. Excuse me. Bill Clinton, like I predicted, 36. He's edge the head, but now Bush has got 35. That's what a battle onzer. Uh, warns are drawn. Arnold Schwarzenegger's got 17 and we still don't know why. You son of a bitch. Ralph Nader 16, Molly Ivan 6, Bill Mar5 and I still will never know why. What a piece of crap. Martin Schene for Marine Doud III, Bobby Graham III, Tim Robbins of Pier. Gore Fittal of Pier, Warren V.1 and Katrina Vanden, who will don't have none yet. Out of 2019 vote. So that's where we are. What an amazing day. Don't you think? It's a good day. I mean, I predicted it was going to be good. Did I tell you before the show today that I did that for Elsa. His impact would start kicking in with this trend. Did I say that? I had my thumb right on it and show enough. Now for you just sure up that five to eight a.m. Can you even begin to imagine? Oh, oh. We can be like number one half. Yeah, yeah. He's like the old days, but that would be like showing off. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Yeah, man. Yes, man. You were talking about Lauderdasse being on TV a few years ago and it was with failure. Well, you know, he's going to be back on again. This football season. Like Dennis Miller was on Monday night football. He's doing like the pre-game show. I think on the end. Yes, can. Right. That's Miller. Yeah, I'm sure. And then he'll be doing those TV. Those commercials for the satellite dish next year. Right. Dennis Miller's doing. Exactly. Right. I know. Then I'll be saying paper or plastic. You're after that. Well, I just didn't know if you knew that. I mean, I'm going to every Sunday when I turn on the football. I'll have to turn it off whenever he's here. My team. My team is already programmed to tune out automatic. Okay. I'll figure out how to do that. Okay. Okay. Bye. I'm just following the like, you know, having your own show things like that. But that's a good point. He's making a comeback on TV. It'll be able to blow up in your face. Because anybody can let them until the hunt. That'll be a good excuse not to watch that. Because it's not the game. It's just, you know, we have a choice of several pre-game. All these other shows that are on. Right, George? Oh, yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 8. Oh, I don't want to forget this story. I feel like we're under such pressure today. Oh, relax. Kick back. Okay. I'm just forward out of the chair. I'll kick back so far. Midnight came and went, but the rock did not roll. It says in New York Times, by 12 on this morning, Chief Justice Roy Moore of Alabama, was to remove the 50, 280 pound monument of the 10 commandments that he secretly had installed one night in the lobby of the Alabama State Supreme Court. A federal judge ruled that the granted block known as Roy's rock, violated the separation of church and state, but Justice Moore didn't vudge. And he had a lot of people right behind him, his monument has been like a magnet for Christian advocates, and his tonight will run as power seemed to increase. As the clock struck 12, the crowd assembled in front of the court house brushed into God bless America. The muggy plaza was clocked with dozens of little girls wearing Jesus t-shirts, bearded men with thick arms and Confederate flags on her backs. Black people, white people, young old in between, a man who walked from Texas to a monk's flock. Another who drove from San Diego when a red truck with a sign that said, shame on America. They were here to make sure that when the dead line he left, no federal officers stormed the court house and wheeled away that monument. Some earlier on Wednesday, it even been a rest including 60, 60-year-old Karen Kennedy was handcuffed in her wheelchair. Oh! I'm midnight, Mrs. Ken Miskenity was back in a hero. Let's hear it for this woman, the elder Reverend Pat Mahoney, director of the Christian Defense Coalition. That's right, Ms. Kennedy said from the court house, I was cuffed for God. If that isn't one of the greatest lines in the history of mankind, I was cuffed for God. Just as more was nowhere to be seen on Wednesday, he had said, if they want to get the commandments, they're going to have to get me first. Supporters are now calling him the Moses of Alabama. But there may not be any apocalyptic finish, federal officials decided that fines and not force are the best way to deal with the monument. Wednesday, just as more lost the last, less disappeared to the West Supreme Court, and through the prior fact, whether we would have ordered a one to crimson perdling him head-on into a conflict with a federal judge, who was threatened to make him pay $5,000 for every day at the Ten Commandments' remain in public view. The tractor said the whole thing smells like Alabama's option to see a thing ofched of year of the loss battles for state's rights, and the sixties, a a being a bunch of racist assholes. And they added to the falcon of mankind with up to color as in Lily White man what an ass Michael more keeps pressing him on the issue of why there's so much more violence in America than same can of the right next to each other and Chuck Heston comes out well America's got a long history of violence and of course we have this racially a diverse and ethically diverse right fix and spooks that's why that's right fix and spooks they're doing all the shoes all the killing everyone you can trust hopefully trying to say and of course he will imagine any place more diverse than where my assistant right now than Toronto I can't we got them all we got swimming in a sea of violence Indians and pack of stannies and blacks and whites and greens and yellows and new name and chinks and whatever 400 thousand Chinese in Toronto you were that we are now about a good Chinese restaurant that take it yeah there's one great one way to have this uh... brown sugar stuff that could be beef that remember specialy that we're going to get out of here remember i'm supposed to go to the doctor we're right now you're gonna have to let me know yeah well that's where you let me know like by when i'm there on monday about the thing that i think that before that we will let us go center because then that way i can like cancel that appointment that i have monday do you got it you know what i'm saying yes because that would be a lot more practical the audience has no idea what we're talking about what we wasted almost an hour and the ratings didn't understand that either we don't do we care no because they're they're just fascinated they don't get as we can look yeah how many of them are there but good man another man that he died this one says matriole hello yes sir you play the judge tapes yeah my chial my ass what a moron you play the george tape you can play the george tape can you play the road dates go play with yourself like i told you that they could find any equipment jackass mantra called back didn't even let your sorry ass in there them snicken frogs okay 26 past noon at five sixty wqm where's the right spot do we have the right spot sitting here oh here it is right here why do you know she puts up these out like almost back to back whoever the she is that doing the log down is that she ate yes i think she was full of what i just said she ate VIP sportsbook dot com is southward is favor sportsbook they've been around in town for years and of course this is the time of the year that all the sportsbook start claiming they're the biggest or the best to make all kinds of misleading offers and feed y'all kinds of bs did you know that 99 percent of these books are located in the jungles of costa rika this year move up and class to VIP sportsbook dot com VIP sportsbook dot com is the oldest the biggest the most humongous sportsbook in the Netherlands first world integrity and English speaking as well 100 percent legal and license to VIP sportsbook dot com is southward is sportsbook son up before the NFL regular season if you bet on all the southward teams juice free all year long which means you want to bet on the dolphins it's 100 to 100 you want to bet on hurricanes it's 100 to 100 so forget about ever having to lay 110 to 100 on your home teams all preseason son up's gonna 20 percent cash bonus not some funny money match play bonus VIP sportsbook dot com online or column at 866 VIP bets toll free that's one 866 VIP bets for VIP sportsbook dot com where you are the VIP buy and local year sports radio fifty 2 a That's what things got in me He's a good guy That's what he said She said He said, oh, glory back On the outside, she's not me And what a shit And she's a good guy Can't keep it in his home That day in Eagle College Rorrow He won the best of love But now he's changed his mind No one was to cut a shit No one was to cut a shit Unless it's his bloodshed Now, COVID knows he's got a gunfire To be the chili I want to hear through His wife won't say a thing For them being all hog and raying on each crew It's a property of $560 to $920 for Michael Moore Don't forget bowling for colabine It's available now on VHS and also on DVD Go to your video store and grab it Get about 10 copies Force everybody around you to watch it Turn up the audio real loud Michael Moore's got 92 votes He demand Bill Clinton passed George W. He was crouching on his ass 50 for Bubba and George W. 40 and Bill went on a real real late How do we do that? I guess it was like a handicrap when you say Sure, you'll still give him a present a handicrap and he took it Arnold Schwarzenegger's got 20 Does he have any idea how he's going to like redo the economy Oh, there you go Haven't you seen that commercial? Yeah, right Where he has no idea about anything And and you'll notice there's George Schultz sitting there at his side There is Warren Buffett There's all of these far bison man sitting there holding his hand Because he's going to be the puppet of these assholes, okay? And just like Gray Davis who I'm not that big of a fan of but just like he said the other day This is just another way it's not bad enough that time delay They're all trying to do all this redistricting So that the Republicans controlled Congress for the next 500 years That's not bad enough. It's not bad enough. They stole a presidential guy Demolition now they're trying to steal the from the election California Because it was a right wing nut case that started the whole week Recall thing in a first place This is the new technique if we can't win the elections We'll get him by hook or by crook Most of the underline of crook plays as in president and the commander in thief I love that on spworking chip every article that talks about the commander in thief That's a good website by the way Michael more 92 above a 50 George W. Bush 40 Arnold 20 Ralph later 16 A man who really helped to put us in a pickle ring right now nice going asshole Molly Ivan 7 Bill Mar 5 Bobby Graham 5 Only 5 And that's in Florida Gorby doll 5 Martin sheen 4 Marine Dowd 4 Katrina van and Huffles got 3 the editor of the nation Can you are you ready for that? No never heard of it. Where do you have now? Tim Robbins appear and Warren babies got one a big one I'm hearing so that's what we got John McHeng go on there yet. No, I don't see that just just mention that in passing I want to put a lot of pressure on irrecosies and they make nifes in job on filling the breach here and getting that website back to the way we want it 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T line online. You know what it's gonna be yeah Mark Miami V2. There it is. He was already talking before he punched him up exactly the same guy Hey, I Scott when it's line nine just tell me blow it out there ass. Okay, so it's always that's the one same shfarts It's you when a guy calls online. I tell the drop dead very good sir. Here's a highly a lady hello. Hi Neil. Yes, man You were thinking I happen to be reading the nation and you have a new feature didn't it in letter to the editor Frank or Blanco you're in the nation really. Yes letter to the editor He writes first to all about two talk shows to radio talk shows by liberals that are great first What is Randy Rhodes so I'll skip that. Yeah, they call it the goddess he says and then another is Neil Rogers on 2 a m in Miami To self-proclaimed queen of talk radio gets better ratings at most TV stations in Miami Neil got has been targeted by Fox News for his bashing of W in the gang including kind of Lisa Rice He is on here from 10 a.m. Both of these extremely entertaining personalities can be listened to on the internet That's right. That's great. So you are in the nation. That's more promotion. We get from our own people there. That's outstanding. Thanks a lot We don't have a great thing. I didn't like that. We made the nation George. Oh, we're number one. Oh, kick it in. Oh That's just the I think we ought to build a statue to Scott for real outside from the building. I'd be willing to pay for it or buy a lunch No, I'm serious about a build a monument because he came along at a time when Nemi where we're getting bashed because they screwed us with that time thing Would nine to one which is impossible thing that was we were still doing well, but it was brutal then make any sense It screwed up the whole continuity of the show and of course the lead in was the worst in the universe Absolutely worst of all times the worst in the history of the business absolutely so how to help go around me What do you like putting us with a big handy crab So when Greg was in there before you forgot to remind you to tell him thanks a lot asshole For no it's certainly screwed up here and a half of my life damn your kill roll killed you yes Damn your kill me I had that damn stroke yeah that pulmonary embolism That part in my heart. I got a lot of it George has got also he's got like bleeding oozing things like I'll use the hand that tile squirting blood. Wow Lovely five six seven oh five six George ever stands up and it shows his ass to you scud just run like hell, okay He turns around and bends over either that or maybe it's like an invite Five six seven oh five sixty that's what Clarence said it works like a term of the beast every time Beast is Hello, he said the beast is can't turn the other cheek Look at the way Baba has passed W like there is no tomorrow guarantee it's certainly if they had an election tomorrow And I go and we wish not that Clinton was great in fact Michael Lord is a good job of ribbon Clinton as two and all the innocent people He was butchering like on the day the column line happened but nevertheless So it's all relatives But if they had an election between Bill Clinton of our he could run again in George W Clinton would win 45 states You know, yeah, I believe that I'm not just saying that I really believe that he'd wipe up his a wipe his ass He might win Texas might never know all they've tapped away with fixed that Here is uh, what does that say the might be the George guide tape or is this that Jackass again? What's the hearing numbers? What is it? Go Henry's numbers What are his numbers five point three, but that's also the nighttime No, we got Okay, great while he'll be on any minute now, right? Are you sure huh? Good judge a character aren't I know that was the guy here's Miami hello My I'm here. I'm here. Hey What about the city crew for your for your Paul air is that 80? I mean I'm a is that 80 that man is a man sure something to think about but we're not gonna do it We've already milked CBS much as we can you know I'm saying We've milked her ass big time 560 560 on a AT and see in Verizon wireless it's an 80. I can look at me line Here's the call from curl geobals hello There he is and took almost a one o'clock today, but he finally got in thanks a lot pal Right now What I want to be tearing now when we're really kicking ass lower back on top of the heap again I'll hit the crap or we're just absolutely smaller than again after Greg retried a deal with my middle shame on you Greg Shame on you dick and around with your top rated show although the top rated show in this a month though was afternoons Nice going on But And the man dog right ready doing it big time that's a good good combination. I tried to tell him did not try to tell him right Stick those two sports holes together like with lapages Vama is almost 20 votes ahead of W right now 60 to 41 and he was unlike a very ass-in-weew You know and just minutes ago No more contender a W I'm telling you right now you can take this to the bank Whoever the Democrats running unless it's and the good news is Julie even is falling off the face of the man The only reason he was getting any Support before an applause was because most people are so stupid that most Americans didn't That it was the only name that they knew because he ran for VP with Gore so they knew the name Right in fact in bowling for colabiner shown tips where he's going out about Maryland Manson and about the video gave oh This man he is a disaster Thank you. He makes me want to put on my foreskin again. That's how embarrassed I am I'm not giving why me and where and right wing and Pop on tificating and a worst sucking piece of crap jewelry Remains hoxy hoist Joe you jackass But anyway that's a good news. He's falling off in and the queen is no chance no chance He couldn't win a fixed election if he was the only candidate Twenty-two one we got that gigantic one or two are not any time to see now that I know the kids are going back to school on next week In Broward see that that's a good I mean now is like the last gas so there's nobody there right right They'll become a never crawl back in on them. They don't have a choice but to come back exactly Hey the top Asian buffet in the universe. It's the air mode coast relocations for either and sunrise They're north Miami Beach and now a new one in Pembert Pines you start out there away if you prefer I mean you can how do you attack the buffet at the air mode coast? Do you have any idea how loud that one? Oh not really Have you got any clue how Screach it almost put me right off the guy damn chair That's just like that Start your mouth auto eating your experience. Whatever it is with six different kind of soups In fact you ought to be gargling with one ton right now you want an idiot They got like I said hot and sour and one ton and egg drop and all kinds of good stuff and then they got Zillions of succulent entree A buffet the likes of which you won't find anywhere. I mean there a lot of a phase around but nothing like this It's humongous. It's gigantic be sure make a pit stop at the gourmets in which this is the Asian grill Featuring new or strip made your order. They got grilled shrimp scampy stuff Jumbo scallop wrapped in bacon and the new seafood saying Jacques They've got dugs and his crab and ginger and scallions handcar primary again cooked to order the way you like it Oriental chicken salad and you'll never walk out of the emerald coast with a headache because they don't use any crap Nilemes genome cornstarch and they cook all their fine stuff only with cholesterol for your ears too There were faith features a full salad bar a sushi bar a fresh room cocktail and if you have that crowbar to make a little room in your pants at the end of the meal There's a dessert bar that'll knock your pants off featuring pies cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit as well You'll find it in sunrise on Pineapple at a 44th Street Collins Avenue just north of 163rd north Miami Beach and also emerald coast is at the Innocent of Flamingo and Pembroke Rose in Pembroke Pines take the old family book in business lunch and right now all size parties be welcome Let him do the cooking for you at emerald coast buffet take out and delivery always available to call nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two for a real pig out your love. It's the Emerald coast Chinese buffet W Hop five The game was just a happy thing. We thought he always felt his love. The date he's built Clinton bowed it all the time. They call him woman, I think, no life's lie. But no, he's just an early hour out in the nest. That's why we're sure to tell his parents a best. All right, here we go on the desk. There we go. Oh, nestle speaker. Nutsle speaker. The community would like to know. Other side, you'll see. There's an album on the desk. I see. Oh, they're there. Oh, they're the seed. No, in the Friday, they'll be no Friday desk. I saw him working on his pick up lights. You come here often, baby. What's your say? I'm pretty, I'm pretty, I'm pretty good at all. You know. Hey, baby, baby, can I give you the phone? Who would have thought I'd ever with a thought that day? Come on, baby. I mean, that you'll get a big run. Who'd can which does the hanky pay me? Who'd can which does the hanky pay me? Who'd can which does the hanky pay me? Who'd can which does the hanky pay me? Who'd have thought he'd always pay me? Yeah, I can't idea what I'm putting on the aboltside and four through on some think. I mean, probably like a couple when this was this finished, which you probably is pretty damn close right now. I got to say I don't admire any of these assholes. How do you like that? We have let those doubting promises and james and assholes. Should we? Sure. Give them a place to go, a place to land. 301 votes, which of these American political entertainers do admire the most? Michael, more 100? Nice even 100, Michael. Oh! Bill Clinton's 70 George W. Bush 41. Is that amazing or what? He gave him about a 600 year-old head start. And passed him like he was lying in a prone position. Arnold Schwarzenegger's got 24. Arnold, Raupnator 17. I mean, the whole Arnold Schwarzenegger thing is it's so ludicrous and it goes to show you again that the American public is the, you know what, it reminds me of. It's like the duct tape and the viscwe. Here is this rigid man, a man with a personality like a stiff Tom rigid. Tom rigid gets up there and tells the public, well, you know, we have the red light, the green light, whatever light it is. And you better go out there and you can stock up the way to protect yourself from all these horrendous, biological and chemical, the idea, the idea, the idea, the idea, the idea, the smallpox and bigpox and chickenpox is duct tape and viscwe. And millions of morons that day rush out to their home depot and their lows, whatever other names do they go. And they're buying duct tape and viscwe. And a couple of which later comes in like making a joke, well, always come in handy for like shutting my mouth or you know what I'm like that. Crap like that. No, no, seriously. It's terrifying. The American people can be sold anything just asked Ron Popeo and his freaking pocket fisherman. I could go for one of those. His rocket pocket. I'm pocket fishing right now. His pocket rocket. Michael Moore 101, Clinton 75 George Bush. I didn't I just read these. Yeah. I didn't go all the way down though. That kills good time. Bill Mar eight. Molly I've been seven John McCain seven. Marine dad got six. Bobby Graham only six. Gorbache six Martin Sheen five. Katrina Vanden who holds got four. We made the nation as we in. We're number one. Demi Tim Robbins two and more in baby one out of three or eleven. Tim Robbins ain't doing all agree. I don't think too many people. What's the name of that movie? I don't know. Sean D cheeseburger if you give him a cheeseburger they want a pot of dog crap you know we got that yeah we're here to please here's the call from Pembroke Pines hello yes sir once he's two people on the map uh Joyce Kaufman is Steve Kane is there on the map if they're on the jaw rub if they showed up in the ratings right no and have a nice day my 90 year old friend it's Joyce Kaufman and Steve Kane is the light bulb crowd what about Norma Kent did she show up now I'm confused because when you did the pull about what other station you listen to besides you I'm the most right because Ftl and Ffl what it would have said I don't know but seriously what what is it? Eric downloaded the arbitron list but I mean there were stations on there that haven't uh that haven't even on the air I don't know according to arbitron there in our community he also put the um oh look at this he put what? Paul Bichonis look at this WRF X Fox sports I've gone air David Ross and the Pete Bolger and Rhonda think wow they've taken at phenomenal 940 signal 50 thousand watch rights mac and a middle of the now and they've turned it into a parking lot with no cars men 18 plus in the morning let's find WRF X who's that is that still us two gotchers he often are now I don't know I think it's somebody else down the morning somebody that bought their way on here no doubt let's see WAVS is a 1.3 or below them KAT which is Haitian uh Santa Rear Melodies would have taken on your radio one or one KT's your classical music station now that's right they had a 1.1 they're not doing squat uh WWF radio FA has a 1 or WRF X or they're making a big move and the spring work they had a 0.5 now they got a 0.7 there's smoking man in a morning at that fellow according to this is Todd well that's my question what is FTO we know what it used to be what is it now isn't that word defo is I heard it snap that's what I heard I don't know if he's on a 50 if he's on DNA I don't know I can't keep all those the marginal stations straight uh 10 to 3 for you how is what I looking for our FX ain't on a first page on one three to a one seven oh they're doing it baby and that's with Romney included in there and that's in men and then in the afternoon who is that remember that one fact you that asshole that we was oh what about Colleen Booms Colleen Boon every that guy but first of all they're long gone and secondly they went from a 0.5 to a 0.7 or their second window day and that's in men 18 plus on a sport on a supposed sports station where QAM is number one across the board pretty much and their second win the first second high in teeth over there at the WRF X they should only croco wicked death people your and run a fink wolf and David Ross grave robbers cheap channel radio killers murderers thieves gypsies and tramps not necessarily in that order got it got it not so great must have at least there right I see so I'm even know what the on a course mystery going ever shows up in here anyway he's how many let's there's he got got a good man put him in a phone bill and Joyce Kaufman I even know she's back on the air again Joyce Kaufman he's still on the air see that's in the normal Kent school of broadcast do these people really think that they're broadcasts they really think that they're on the air oh everybody at the courthouse listens well how many people are at the courthouse norm god what a silly person as far as that bobblehead dollars concerned bobble this here's for lottery oh yes you look Hillary off your oh no I didn't leave it on air I think that Eric it if I'm glad you mentioned it because I said we should put around there but you're right Eric it's an omission of uh great magnitude we've omitted the northern socialist ditch yes right but she'll be on your momentarily and listen if you also forgot to add including bill on Riley right is he a political oh well I guess entertainment figure he should we put him on her now no of course not well I'm talking entertainment I'm not talking about the like rush limbo and bill or Riley and these cock and baby people I'm talking about like show business people because you know what they say there's more business than show business and then what most of them that's a looting nice going mo he's gonna be sitting on his laurels there he's gonna be resting on and I was prickly laurels for next couple of months and then we're able to see those month by month let's see July now listen to me July August I'm trying to figure this out this is major in July right right so July or September so that means the last week it last 10 days of October so he's got like a little bit of a reprieve but the last few days of October that's when will I get the summer book out and that's when to be able to do the hour by hour and more we go on like that he'll be squeezing that back so hard and might like him burst the ceiling I keep thinking about the prickly laurels line can you imagine just the the unbelievable stench in that studio once he turns it loose oh my god I heard he had a prickly pair that's what I heard crotch rot will create that every time so what are we got here closing before we do our gigantic one and this has been great today this has been almost fun almost eight taking we had Greg in there sucking our ass about the great bookies all well right we could be our genius some genius yeah you're a genius all right you should live so long man it takes everything and smashes it on our floor and then takes forever to put it back together again that's what you did Greg make Thomas take a booted and nice nice contract negotiation with mobile by the way nice work on that but all these things aside what was that speech he made about you know about my other what was that thing after Rau Santino got killed what what did it to my boy oh that one yeah the meeting of five families let me say I swear I'm a soul my grandchildren and I will not be the one to break the peace we made it all right 257 at five 60 WQM hey you're fat there are a lot of people out there that are just gigantic and probably frustrated too because it ain't fun to be fat trust me I can tell you that's why you ought to call our friends at balance for life because people are getting great results with it like the beast who's lost over 50 pounds now it's your turn no cooking no shopping no cleaning no worries no counter-recording no carbohydrate counting nothing to finger out all you do is grab that little black sack they deliver it right here door by six o'clock every morning at your home at your work wherever you're hanging out and of course inside that sack that's the secret because in there there are all the food you need for the whole day three delicious fresh gourmet meals nothing frozen no chemicals prefabricated crap and two delicious snacks they're all in there right in that black sack so this is the real weight loss program it works because you satisfied and plenty of food to keep you happy all day long the only choice you have to make is between two alternatives for each meal and snack everyday that's run a program this and you little menu once a week and you be filling it out so let balance for life take care you once and for all if you're overweight out of shape lethargic diabetic or maybe all of these things call them today because you'll start seeing results within just a matter of days balance for life call nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or check them on the web at balance for life dot com my life and local this is for three o five six with two a so and a two The man, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan Two toys, the relics that was on our head Now we have to use toilet paper instead The skate, the two Miami, the mix argued on the sand O'er, O'er, O'er, O'er, the ice loaded with that The thing is, we're all tied, the snow, There's something inside, it's time to help it out But we really have a drink, our theme The skate, the splash of use, the boat, and the season boat Pointed towards Miami and the off-wago To where the angry human slaughter their boat To attack, attack, attack, attack, attack That's our plan, the skate plan, the skate plan The splash of the skate plan, the splash of the skate plan The splash of the skate plan Warning, the following contains material not suitable for people with electricity You love watching girls go wild during spring break and Daytona But are you ready for the wild action of spring break in Pennsylvania Dutch country? It's almost girls gone wild It's almost a year's, it's just a show of relief Almost girls gone wild The video double raise more than just your barn You'll see sexy homage base getting rungy in a totally uninhibited free fall Turn that fucker woman, turn that fucker Order homage girls gone wild today And we'll see the bonus video, homage West stocking contest 30 minutes of sexy, so stocking action Where it takes, shit, to where Maybe all the angles, like a cool result To my order, homage girl gone wild And homage West stocking contest has probably two quilks on it go By the way, what you think the telephone will not feel your fault Hey dude, are you smelling? If I'm smelling, there's no telling Ellen There ain't no smelling where my feet are dwelling That's because these hip cockatians are wearing doctors, small-to-readers He-you, are you smelling? If I'm smelling, lock me up like a feather My feet used to be smelling like rotten melons If you took a whiff, your eyes would start smelling People worry, bellin' until I stop smelling Doctors, small-to-reader insults are the best way to stop putter And the best way to rip off our gelin' ads Yo, Kellen, are you smelling? No, I'm not smelling Man, you are so smelling When it comes to smelling, you're excellent The reasons for you to stop smelling are compelling Doctors, small-to-reader insults Available at your local judge store That's where they're selling Sam Tena You've heard him play his granny performance with Rob Thomas And on the latest hit with Michelle Branch Everybody wants Sam Tena on their song So we've compiled a C-E Collection of every artist Santa has ever played with Like, and my name Two set of four girls all around the outside Tell me how five, tell me how five The Dixie chicks Andre of the jelly It stands Hannah's words for everyone's CD Including unrelief tracks from Carlos And John and Tess with some day your journey will end I'll be there for you as well He has his a guitar playing the horror who will play with anybody Except of course, Kelly Clarkson A moment like this No way, man Santa's licks for everyone Order now when we see the personalized one is track We're Santa plays your very own birthday song Happy birthday here, Santa Call now in the Annals of Horse Racing The legend of one special Thurabred Continues The Linger in the air Airbiscuit The new motion pictures starring Toby Aguire Jeff Bridges and one extremely watchable for That's Tabiski, the whole thing is all the other behind Classical, right? A shoe and with a triple brown He's smell just one movie this summer, smell Airbiscuit I like the way to form my money of happiness Wind, fast, a blow Why all three of course? Joel Seagull says it's the smell good I are feel good hit of the summer Roger Ebert gives it two thumbs up His nostrils, air is good See it now before it's shipped off to the poor factory George's gonna swim in Santa Won't you bring back the clothes? And I say I'm gonna go to Santa Hey, look up on the bicycle Much of my roseface squirts Thurabred Do the taxi was a gas What am I saying about Santa? I'm like, oh, no If only he was a little jubilant Like, sniffing Hey, please laugh If there's any circumstances What would be this guy Or a roast beef hanging Who's in class Who's got friends to food I know that ain't common true So we're staying here for what I'm doing I'll kiss my table so it's good to ride My Holocaust takes me to go Oh my god Introducing face down Barbie She's a beer goblin Bucket ricken cow who knows what she wants He's giving a double scratch with a beer chaser And he might have open Face down Barbie She's got an open tab and an open mine Brush him How would you like to take me home tonight? Sorry I'm married He L'Ouuuuh I think I need to ride home but not with me. Hey, can't give Barbie a ride home. For she passes out. Two late, loater in the car. Face down Barbie, designated driver, miniature liquor bottles and bartender sold separately. There's lady in sound. She's a mother, Dr. Jew. And she needs to buy bread that is unleavened. Boy, woo-hoo-hoo. And she's buying bread at seven. He's in oven. Absolutely. And the bread is unleavened. And the bread is unleavened. And the bread is easy to unleaven. And now, here's Kamikalali, the former Iraqi Minister of Information, with today's helper, Dr. Jew. Good news. There is no such thing as SARS. You're cowardly American impidels have nothing to fear. That's why leaving health experts encourage all Americans to fly to Beijing, China, and leave the door knobs of the restrooms at the local walking clinics. Also, a new study show that smoking cigarettes is good for you. It's awesome. Welcome. If you're God on America, with today's helper, I'm Mohamed Saive Al-Saha, May God roast your stomachs in hell. The states will tell this station for more updates from the Iraq's Minister of Information. 11 after 1 at 560WM and Sir Jagani, I'm going to 2 hours. I was just thinking about an corridor and something a little light bulb one of over my head. Yeah, like that. You know why she was in Cessbridge, Carthy, what does she have in common with this drudge? Right wing, closet queen. That's a good point. I hadn't thought about that with you. Do you see a pattern here? Yeah. And she probably liked right call and two. Rest in pieces. This is quite a thing that you've asked me, Mayor Michael Bloomberg of New York announced a new high school that they named in memory of the Queen of salsa. Is that 80? I can look at me now. Silia Cruz. The Dewitt Clinton High School layman college, Silia Cruz Bronsa. Wait a minute. Where do you go to school? At the Dewitt Clinton High School layman college, Silia Cruz Bronsa School of Music. I'm telling you. Take a breath before you say. If I'm telling you a fair, I'm smiling. The Dewitt Clinton High School layman college, Silia Cruz, Bronsa High School of Music. You call that music? Is that 80? Is that 80? Is scheduled open in September. The 90 students enrolled this year will take academic classes at Dewitt and their music classes at Lehman College where the music school will be located. The Cuban Board Cruz died last month from a brain tumor. She was 77. But we sure remember her on this show. As in. Good she's saying. No, or what? Was she hot looking? No, or what for a guy? For a drag queen. For a drag queen. If I'm going to say to one, don't be picking on Silia Cruz anymore. You'll piss off all those old, you're good friends on your pizons. If you're on the Atkins diet, or any other low carb sugar free diet, here's a stir that you're going to love shopping at. When you go into the supermarket, the meat and cheese is there in the seafood. All that stuff. What about all the other good stuff? The snacks and the things to keep you on your low carb diet. Well, the lights is all about that. They've got Zidians of items for you. It's the number one low carb store in the universe. With over 900 low carb sugar free products, the lights is a stir-out guarantee that they'll have lots of stuff to keep you on your weight loss program. Try to new low carb instant cup of soup. You do is add water and pop it into microwave. It's a low carb meal and a cup in four delicious flavors. Be sure and try the simply. The simplely, the delicious low carb muffins for a quick breakfast. They've got your own individual size little cheesecake, a little one and they've got low carb hot cocoa, apple cider, blondies and brownies and their great selection of low carb. Pasta's sauces, dressing chips, chocolates, their famous carbolite ice cream, duties, low carb, peanut brittle, the atlas, brand chocolate, crisp and chocolate, mint vars with thank the Lord. No, multital and believe me, you're a body roll. Thank you for the difference. And of course, all the Atkins brands products are on sale. All day every day, you can try anything to store before you buy it too at Delights. The lights is open daily 10 to 10 every single day. They're on the northeast corner of Glades in 441. Right next to Boston Market. Call them toll free. It's 1-877 low carb or shop them on the web at low carb. L-O-W-C-A-R-B-L-Carb.com. Delights a Westboker absolutely is your official Atkins retail. 5 at the local, this is 560. 3 years old yours. Oh, you ain't. I can't. Back in the day when someone done a strong, we didn't take their crap. In Pearl Harbor, or when the Japs drop their bombs, we bomb them back. And now the Saudis, they hit us hard. And on our cards are little flat wings. As that's all you love and retarded. Voice of bombers the wrong way. And common barriers to be in Americans. Where they find no good sight, seems. The United States are arrogance. And by both Italy family, we make up this country. Come up. And the late cause of the darkest days. And I'm not sure if you can see it. But I'm not sure if you can see it. But I'm not sure if you can see it. Up. And the late cause of the darkest days. And I'm not sure if you can see it. I don't want to be a tax-american. If they got a new essay. What's a few thousand innocent lives. Stop living in the past. If you want that as you feed to drive. You're gonna need more gas. If it's the greatest country in the world. They train us too, Lily. And anyone who says that, obviously. And afford to be. And there is to be an America. Where we take free of it. We have a flag and wood has. With our hand in the sand. And lightly follow the powers that we have. But that's it. Up. Watching state foe, Who's on a 65-inch screen. Scratcher balls and five. Everything's okay. Everything's like a damn US. Hey. Don't let America. You have sex and do not care. What are the seeds down there? Ooh. You didn't make sure you wanted for a high. So no fun who it came. This itching drives. You insane. Ooh. It makes you want to die. Ooh. Should have used the condom. Because now you've got this problem. Gonna be your. Let me like it's your. You're insane. You're out of your mind. Ooh. What do you want? Of the rear. You. Many want a nice hand. You. Yeah. We're having trouble with some generous. They're coming to our land. They gotta fall with a brand new twist. And so we gotta plan. Pick up a holy epic asshole. A call to see our aim. Just wait. Not one one. Get it done. With these commercial way. Get it, boss. Made by creeps. Get it, boss. Made for a cheap. Get it, boss. Find these creeps. Get it, boss. And the made by creeps. Get it, boss. Made by dirty creeps. Gashchinger. Leave the injection. Fire is quiet. Get these creeps. Strap them in. Electric chair. I thought it. Get these creeps. Their son is provided the soundtrack for all whole generation. And now they're finding a whole new audience. With a CD that doesn't sound a whole lot like anything they've ever done before. It's the best of crossbeats, stills, and cash. And cash. You know we're riding on the American's experience. Enjoying all over again. When crossbeats stills and cash. Unveil a whole different take on this classic too. All houses are very, very, very fun. With two caps in the yard. It's a CD jam packed with all the songs you want. To church children. My God. I am yours. You are mine. Yo, I'm Johnny Cash. Because we stills and cash. You know we use the thing like a couple of boys named Sue. But now the cash registers ringing because we're singing a whole new register. You are what you are. Legendly get hard. The best of crossbeats stills and cash. Walk the lines. Straight to your local record store and pick up a copy today. So that's it. Fun box. It's Cux. American, I believe is you. I'm officer Simon Cowell. Right now we're responding to the salt and battered coil. We're looking for suspecting Corey Cowell. There he is. Corey, Cork, hold it right there. You're under arrest for hitting your sister. And for hitting a few sour notes. You have the right to remain silent. Based on your last performance, only was you'd exercise that one more often. It was awful. You have the right to consult and attorney or in your case. A vocal coach. But I can't afford a lawyer. Well then, and attorney will be appointed for you. Perhaps Jared Andrews or Trenese could recommend someone. It's Cux. American Idol Edition. Join us next week when Officer Cowell gets a new partner. Officer Randy Jackson. Could you possibly keep more down that one? Oh no. Good dude. I won't broke. Disgusting. Absolutely disgusting. Very man-alow. He's had a turn of yet. But none of his painful is the one he took. He walked into a wall and broke his nose. Ow! And now, very singing about it in his brand new CD. Can't smell without you. With fractured versions of Barry's hits like Coca-Cola Vanna. I broke my brother Nana. And now it's the size of her Nana. As well as a re-nastered and really nasally version of Mandy, recorded at the moment of impact. Okay man. But that's not all. Barry Nannolo's can't smell without you. Is swollen with his new nose and love. Like, I break the shnard. I made it through the pain. Looks like I broke it. And a title track with Barry's trademark book. You know I can't smell without you. I can't breathe without you. I can't skip. And I can't fix it. Looks like my face. Wish it would not break. Barry Nannolo's can't smell without you. Walk into a wallmark. Ow! And pick up a copy today. No thanks. 126-5-60-WQM. Who's... Which in these American political or entertainment figures do you admire the most? Michael more than 11. But Mike's got a battle on his hand. Do you see this? You see this? See that? Bill Clinton 102. I think Bubba's gonna win it. That's open. George W48 Arnold Schwarzenegger 28. Oh my goodness. How embarrassing. And humiliating. Uh, Ralph Nader 19. None of the of our 14. See I told you that's gonna go big. John McCain 11. Grovid Al-9. Bob Graham 8. Bill Meyer 8. Molly Ivins, uh, what's he got? Eight. Uh, what's your name? Katrina Vandenhuvles got 7. And by the way, George didn't say never heard the nation. He said he never heard a Katrina. Where we're back at the nation here. I just don't read the credits. Marine Dowd, a six, Martin Schene 5. Swilleries got only three. Tim Robbins 2. And Warren Vady's got one. But it's a big, healthy one. 127 at five, 60 WDQM. If you want to see the best in horse race, Samuel Casting. Here's the place to do it. Pump a no park. Aren't as track. Pump a no park is open every day of your life. Seven days and nights a week featuring the best in harness, Thoroughbred and Highlight action from all across North America. For you to watch. And of course, plunge your guts on. And general parking and admission in pump. And a park always free as well. Friday and Saturday nights. The fourth four players lounge is open featuring a special full course. Dinner Package for only five, 95. Enjoy plenty of free seats and hundreds of TVs to view your favorite track from or future yourself a private box seat with your own TV monitor for just two and a half bucks. And it's all done. They smoke free environment too. Pump a no park where the action is waiting for even though we don't have any live race and going under the summer once. This year we got lots of Simon Casting every single day. Pump a no park is a block south Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road. For daily Simon Casting race schedule call 9.5.4. 9.7.2.2.2.2. Or go on a web and check them out at pompidopark.com. We are supposed to be in 5.6. You a M. Welcome back to the Glittering Fagantry of the Moja winner David show. We have a full duck at today. That included the double cave of articulate ethylene interviews. You know that type smoke is still at it. Why? Why do I sing in those songs? Make it fun of me. They make fun of me all the time. I don't know why they don't adore me. Yeah they have everything of the old Raid Road. Get your hands off me a fairy. You queer? Yeah, Tomb jumper. Real men don't touch. Only during the game. Yes master. They want singing. I'll give them singing. Get on a piano. Over there. Okay, well. Now hit it. Back in my day men was straight. The end day is hip today. That's why I can't tolerate it. His gut slid gaze. Spoiled whole world and came back there. Come on, start with your moron. What's the matter, Mo? My wife fell off her gut. Okay. All right, where were we? Spawn holes were in danger. I'll take it from here. The guys that like to worship men. The thing we won't see for in your way living in that of again. Didn't mean to sooth brush day. Did this? Or did it go hairy? Taint. Jesus Christ, I really hate. Jesus Christ will guide. Spreading like crazy. Spreading their germs. Soon they'll be buried. And eaten by worms. People don't come together. People they stay apart. Nothing can stop it now. Because we are all scared of stars. Don't go too Asia. Don't go too Hong Kong. No. Still clear of Toronto. If you want to live long. People don't live forever. People must all depart. But no one wants it to happen now. That's why we are scared of stars. People don't come together. Words work? People they stay apart. Nothing can stop it now. First there was X-Men. Then X-Men too. Now there's a new team of superheroes who are shouting out against evil doers. To our right. You're under a lot of fear. To our right. Starring Patrick Stewart as their telepathic leader. I am Popex. I am Popex. And I can read your back. I am at my huge acumen as a Marine. I have protectable whoop claws in a metal. Whoop, windows skeleton. And Halle Mary as stutter. Stop it and you're doing it. I am a lot. Two of our ratsmen. They're fearsome. They're powerful. They're kind of embarrassing to be around. Thank you, Trerex. Man for saving my life. You're welcome. Two of our ratsmen. Rated PG for. I felt my tank up. I was I don't know. I'd be helping finance mine 11. I'd give money to Unicall or Abacol in the car. I'll turn my lights on that sign. I'm taking the biggest breedlings. I made two through today. How was I to know I was providing bath water to the middle east? Well, I'm planning to pack again. Every time you've made a metal on a cigarette, you're helping to finance running on the lords. And breaking a law based on the old movie Reef Remadness. I don't know, Jill, Jill, I'm a... Is the Skid, a... Oh man, hide. I just stopped so we were joined. Now I'm waiting for you, no? Oh now I'm just... I'm just waiting for you. This must be paid for by the community to keep America in the Dark Ages. You married on CBS, survived a bomb-down last season. So when it continuing effort to save on production cost with reality show, CBS, Renew, Palace, Tinney and S.C.D. With his eKism. The rivalry and truth between Ahmed and Abadabadu. Oh, you're too... To send... I cannot take this send. If you'll win, you'll win by me, sits best. You need to count down continues. Hogman is up to $500 in the standing time count. Now, if we can beat the current record, he gets the grand prize. Tillable of an mechanic. It's a way to give you paradise. We're a whole snake permanently at... All those paradise hotels. Now, with cable TV and press 17 Missile Versus with your new... ...Hardy-I-A-S-Tax. We're to see if the Saudi Royal Family... ...A-Narikas most trusted as a value of friends. Back to you, K.C.D. Stop now Ahmed. You won't have free minutes left. Don't you just like about it, Kikki? Oh, Lord. We'll not make you laugh at Abadabadu. Find out tonight on Palace TV and ass eater. Only on CBS. When you're into a romantic mood with your guy... ...and you want to tap that alternate input, ...are you put off? Do you find a thought of that kind of thing... ...just too uncomfortable to even consider? No. Now there's a solution to that dilemma. Famous Anus expansion cream. Just put a dab of famous Anus around your puckers. And in just a few minutes, your third input will stand a full four inches... ...making anal a breathe. So don't disappoint him. Get a two-of-a-famous Anus. You'll bet your ass, girl, love it. That sounds like it's right up your alley, George. Twenty-two-two at five, six, and we got the mad dog. I'm telling you. Oh, right. I'm really doing it. In this last trend, they just went ballistic. Mad dog two to four. We got the big- Oh! From four to seven, a hopper's on vacation again. How many vacations is this year for Hank? I'm 30 minutes. But he's kicking ass. Hurricane hotline at seven. From Tony Romas and the Gables. We do like Tony Romas. And we like playing against him. And we like how Bobby Rubino. Going? Yeah, whatever. Marlin's on Dec at 830. Marlin's at the Rocky's 905. Credit-shomwich wonky model that series. And Joe and Mark Midnight to five on the overnight. He had kids going back to college next couple of ways. Well, if you do, why not give them one of the comforts of homo-great new bed from Dallas, actress? By calling 1-800-MATRIES, you know, to a new mattress from Dallas, for your college student, and set him up right in their off-campus apartment. When you call 1-800-MATRIES, you can choose from dozens of models from Sealy and Surt, a tempered pedic, Simmons King Coral, a low student prices. And it doesn't make any difference where that kid is going. If they're staying in South Florida, head to the Filly, Boston, New York, Washington, Michigan, state, Michigan, where would they might be going with Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio State, Yale, Harvard, Rutgers, MIT. The bedding experts at what I leave out. You shiver. The bedding experts at Dallas, mattress can make him feel like they're at home. Get that bed now by dialing 1-800-MATRIES. You'll get service like you dream about from the delivery team that's right, Numerous, Uno in customers satisfaction. They carry only the best name Brad Mattress's discount prices. No house brands, no irregular, no craftin' nobody ever heard of, no seconds. No that stuff. When you call dialing Mattress at 1-800-MATRIES, they continue to offer your deal as almost unheard of. You pick the day in Tommy or delivery. Within a two-hour window, seven days a week when it's convenient for you from 8 in the AM to 10 PM and your kids will be sleeping well the first night they get that great new mattress. With low prices, same day delivery free setup and removal is easy to see why. Dallamapress is ranked number one in customers satisfaction in the entire universe and everybody gets a student discount to a Dallamapress. So column two day you'll be sleeping like a baby or your kids will already have very soon. 1-800-MATRIES. That's 1-800-MATRIES or check them out online if you like at mattress.com. I am the one who says, push when you'll buy a city. 2 AM. Neil Ruggard. Oh, what's the problem, officer? Deploy from the vehicle. What's the problem, sir? If you're God driving without a seat belt, you will be removed from your car and shot. The police now have the authority to enforce seat belt safety under the new Patriot Act 2. The new laws in effect now, so click it or be shot. Officers don't like doing this. They are only following orders. It's for your own protection in the neverending fight against terrorism. Terrorists act such as mouth noise. Perfect. And fighting. Good be annoying to others. So under Patriot Act 2, eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants. Anyone eating outside the designated eating area will also be shot. It's the law. We like saying that the law. The law. The law. Don't make mistakes when you bust Robert Blake. No, no. Don't blow it. Unlike a jay, this guy won't get away. No. Come picture. And say goodbye to the red. Because the other PD knows far more. He's guilty man. And I mean that. Just wait and see when it's on court TV. Yeah. Bye bye bye bye. Yeah. Oh. You're my little family. I can't stick to play to do with every name. I don't use a very common cut. I can't get to get to the festival of life. I don't know. Never go to quit till the end. It's funded to fire a body. Celebrate. And I'll show you. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. My mama by even not. Speaking a little treat or hate. The time to show up all your life. I know I'm a man and pick the Christmas tree. You will see. Fair not even have best grades. I know I'm a man and I'm gonna quit till the end. It's funded to fire a body. Celebrate. Celebrate. Celebrate. Celebrate. Celebrate. Celebrate. Celebrate. Celebrate. Rott. All the world loved Harry Potter and the sorcerer's stone. And now he's back in theaters. And this time he's traded in his mom for a 44 Miyagi. He's a dirty Harry Potter. Go ahead, punk. Cast my spell. He's a dirty Harry Potter. Nothing is as enchanting as a trigger happy sociopath. Both of them are bad guys with tough guy catchphrases. And a little touch of wizardry. A man's got to know his even can't tassels. He's a dirty Harry Potter. He's making his own rules and cleaning up Hogwarts Academy. One creep at a time. I know what you think of. Did he cast six spells or only five? What a day the truth in all the six-segment. Kind of lost track myself. But being this is a 44 magnum. The most magical handgun in the world. And would blow your head clean on. You got to ask yourself one question. Do I feel lucky? What do you? Muggle. Dirty Harry Potter. If it's anything like the first Harry Potter film, it'll make a fistful of knowledge. The duty Harry Potter is made at IQ 13. The smelling mint introduces the definitive collection for the annual retention. Profices are the species series. Yes, we are pleased to pass on to you. The most exotic animal droppings collection of the original. Our annual duty replicas are handcraft of the finest beauty. Order today and your first two will arrive in two weeks. Classic couches. Ah, really? You can almost sniff. Your mom will get tension to detail. And we amaze that they're normative, the elephant. And the cuteness of the bunny bullet. Order today and you'll receive our special bird since. See what it looks like before it hits your winch. The Apollo is powerful moon. There's no time to waste. Hold now. The feces of the species collection is going fast. And you grew up with them both. And thou antler records proudly presents the greatest hit of Simon and bullwinkle. We have you, girl. Barbeys dead enough. The tachy tour is the only way though you. Yes, Simon and bullwinkle. Who, who, who, who! We've recorded live in Central Park and Frost by Falls. The music of Hall Simon, the lyrics of Mr. Noah Hall. Simon and bullwinkle are greatest hits. Oh, yeah, they've been... Yes, it is, Paul. But it's not art. And Rock steals the theme. Because, smoothies never fly. Unfortunately. Simon and bullwinkle are the best. Unfortunately Simon and Blue Winkle's greatest hits! Ah man, about that busy beat by these records and dates! Tired of watching news with a bias and watch the news channel that keeps insisting it's fair and balanced even though anyone with an IQ over 4 can see it's not. It's Fox News! With a powerful, prime timeline up so powerful that we're going to keep repeating the word powerful as much as possible. First and eighth, it's the O'Reilly Package. You've said 2 sentences and I have not interrupted you. Will Bill if I could just say... Oh no, I'm not letting you get away with that. But at 9, it's more debatable than 8 on Fox News! Kennedy and Combs discuss the issues of the day at the top of their lungs! Tonight the surgery! Hillary Clinton is she a crazed, twisted, liberal or just a vicious caniving bit? Well I should shut up Alan, you come in. Then attend. Fox News presents the edge with Hallazon. We don't know why he has a show, but she's your let's go. Tonight on the edge, we'll examine why George W. Bush is the greatest president in the history of the universe. And we'll hear from both sides, conservative Republicans and liberal Republicans. Watch new! That's coverage is always fair, accurate and balanced. Two words are going to do. On Fox News, watch news. We distort, you decide. Isn't that not seen more on Fox News? 151 at 566, you got some bad news? Oh no. Former Red Sauce Broadcaster Ken Coleman dead at 78. Oh, you're bad. He was a great play by play guy. As a matter of fact, not only was he the voice of the Cleveland Indians and the Red Sauce, he was also the voice of the Cleveland Browns from 1955 back in the days when each of team had its own TV broadcaster. Calling every touchdown Hall of Fame running back to your Brown and Discord. The great Ken Coleman is dead at 78. Bumma 117 votes, which of these American politicians or entertainers do you admire the most? Bumma 117, Michael Moore 116, it's a house race. George W. 54, he's sucking wind. On number 30, Arnold 28, Ralph Nader 20, John McCain 14, Molly Ivinson, Corv. 9, Bob Graham 9, everybody else, small potatoes. Single digits, 1.52 a QM to Mad Dogga 2. By now you've been here to talk a lot about lemon and serush and how lemonade would floring from lemon and serush is the easy, the smart, low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring. Am I right? Yeah, I am. Lemon and serush is the best place to find lemonade would flooring from the top names in the business. Parade or pergo, Wilson Art, Unifloring, Quitch step they got them all. All the top names all installed by pergo certified installers. And here's another really smart reason why I ought to be calling lemon and serush. Their prices will positively florea. Right now you can get to some are special for just $1995. That's right. Only $1995 gets you up to $380 square feet of beautiful lemon that would flooring this positively earned a light bulb and lemon and serush will match any legitimate written offer too. So if you want to free no obligation in homestimate call lemon and serush toll free, 1 877 777 3336, tell me that ancient the authority to call. Look at the easier they give you free carpet disposal. Free furniture moving a 25 year warranty and years and eons of beautiful, easy care lemon and wood flooring. Call him today toll free lemon and serush. 1 877 777 3336. Why? I didn't local. We're sports radio 560's U.A.M. One of them saying Jimmy Carter says, the water. Braggins biggest problem was his wife's big old name. And as far as now we've got a president says, it does much more than flirt. Yeah, touch the knob. You get the job just lift that dinosaur. Wow. If you land up all his girlfriends they feel the arena. Sometimes if his flies the third eye clings big old women. Oh, my God. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. And choose to. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Let's do another verse. Let's have all have it. He's five guilty young ones who make their hometown south. The only job required men is, have a pretty mouth. Then it's all better small. They all fall in his trap. Let's go, honey. Take a water. Sit here on my lap. You might bump into slick willy at your local bar. In the blocking lot of special counsel can and scar. If I say to Foxy Phillies I sit down between us. He'll touch itself and he won't stop. He's thinking with his weeness. Oh, I saw a blanket. When we go win. I do rather well, mama. I'm sorry. Come on, you are a mother. Come on. Thank you. All right. Don't lie. All the hard firm. Don't go, don't go. Every time I see. Don't go, don't go, don't go. That's a good one. If you want to go, don't go.