FRIENDER YOU nächsten asshole I broke out in place. Yeah. Shut the bullshit to follow me. Shut the bullshit to follow me. Yeah. Shut the bullshit to follow me. Shut the bullshit to follow me. Shut the bullshit to follow me. Shut the bullshit to follow me. Shut the bullshit to follow me. Shut the bullshit to follow me. You asshole? 90560WQ. I'm happy Friday today. We're going to try to be happy on Asia, although we seem to have some unhappy campers around the, you know, not necessarily in the building. You know, I mean, not at the moment. Out on location. Real major. I blow up this morning is what we're hearing about through the grapevine. Through the QAM. We're going to grapevine. The grapevine. You asshole? Calm down. Are you silly old man? Yeah. Just when you thought that he didn't have anybody left to get into a big blow-up with, so to speak, at the radio station. Poor little Dorine. Dorine at like goes out there on all these events like the, remotes in derail and cater to everybody's whims and brings them food. That stuff that she does need. And whatever else? And evidently, Mo and Dorine had a big blow-up this morning out there, which was earwitnessed by many by thousands. I don't know how, but come back to us through the old QAM grapevine. That, you asshole? Yeah. Ervy name and a book for letter words. Am I a human, I'll kiss and fat, hanks ass all week long. Why did you go see him? I stuff like that, you know. Come on, Mo. Just because very Jackson wrote that column in a hairless morning, which we were reading and coming on in its entirety. Just because of that, don't get all sirly again now. Asshole. Only take it on on poor fat Dorine. You asshole? So we're trying to figure out, how come I'm here like a little echo this morning? Is that just my imagination or is that, what is that? I don't know my mic's on. Huh? I'm not talking about that. He just a little, I don't know. Maybe it's good. Maybe we should have this reverberating from coast to coast. Then we can all forget about that depressing, uh, contriped press conference last night. That was pretty depressing. I don't want to discuss it. This is, I was, put on a channel. I changed the channel real quick. Anyway, before get into Mo and Dorine. You asshole? And very Jackson. You asshole? And Gregory. You asshole? Uh, anyway, Florida Mayor Warren's girls got wildcast not to encourage flashing. Did you see this during? Yeah. Panama City. And was not just talking to the other day about the beautiful pristine beaches in Panama City. Sure, we're, we're about to hold the board at Christians. It's one of their favorite restaurants. Stop and off places. They have all of their, they hold their meat there. Each others. The Mayor from America's spring break capital wants nothing to do with the wild girls. That's America's spring break capital now. I didn't get the memo. That's what it says here. That's where one of those, uh, girls got wild videos is made and it looked like it was pretty happening. Yeah. No more. And ain't gonna happen again. The creators of the girls gone wild videos are planning a live pair for your broadcast next Thursday from an under-slows spring break destination. In the videos, college age women bear their breast while partying. The girls got wild production crew and tour bus recently arrived in Panama City Beach, Florida. That's prompted police in the sheriff's office to be on alert with officers on the lookout for public new to the Lood Act and to certainly conduct. Mayor Lee Sullivan, former police chief himself, warns the girls that they go wild in his town that go to jail along with a crew. How do you like that? I don't. Mayor Lee Sullivan. You asshole. He's wrong with you man. That's what's gonna bring everybody out there. The guys and the girls and those who aren't decided they're all gonna be out there just uh, filming at the mouth. You asshole. You asshole. You Lee. And they show a lot more than their breasts. Do they really? Oh yeah. And I mean, they do the girls gone wild is right. And it's not just flashing. So on speaking of body parts, Oprah's back on top. But that says to play on words. That's what it says in the hero. Along with that very jackass column about the big QA milestone with more Howard David and David is one year anniversary coming up. I noticed nobody wrote anything about my 27th anniversary on a year in town. That wasn't important news. I saw potatoes, I guess. They haven't seen you lately. Yeah. I'll just say it out of mind. But Mohawk is David and he's got his big one year anniversary coming up. And it's got a whole big cost to calm here today, which I sure hope nobody missed. But just in case they did, we'll get into it in great depth in detail. For a he and Doreen really? You asshole. I'm going to get it from what we're hearing. All kinds of cost to comments about fat hank that he see when you're open up a big mouth mole and everybody's listening. He doesn't understand that. He still doesn't get it. Didn't I even in the midst of all of our stuff going back and forth? Didn't I at least have the vision see to warn him about spies about spies who listen in on Q even when he's in his studio there. They can listen to whatever they're talking about on Q and then babble it out to everybody in the world. They babble on. Yeah. He just he doesn't get it. And so he always I guess when his microphone is open even if it's only like off the year and that kind of position like out on remote he does not understand that thousands of people may be monitoring his verbal her range in the hysteria. Right. Like this morning when he looked at Doreen and said, you asshole. You asshole. You asshole. Oh man. We understand it was pretty hostile and nasty and then comments about fat hank. That's unacceptable. You man. Pick it on my pie's on hang. He's a good one to talk about people being fat. That would be like my calling people fat. Okay. Right. Right. You know that they would have Oprah bitch. I never do that. I never pick on Doreen either. See what I do with the understand it's the show everybody also understands that except Mo. That's the show. That's what they pay me to do. But when he does it it's like personal and vicious and hateful that's the difference. And means spirited because you deal in mainly with a prick is what you're doing with anyway. I've put yesterday before we get into all of that stuff. What celebrity death during your lifetime had the greatest impact on you. Not even a contest. John Lennon just blows away the competition. Is that incredible? I mean I knew he'd probably win. But just just just just trying burying everybody else if I can say that. Can I say that? No. John Lennon 270 votes. This is not of over 1300 quite a response again here huh? Dale Earnhardt 93. Oh boy. Ha ha. Dale Earnhardt. Old number three. 93 votes which indicates that I was wrong. We do have plenty of Yahoo's out there. Plenty of those pickers. Plenty of pickup truck drivers. Right. Plenty of real connoisseurs of great sport. Dale Earnhardt 93. I still don't get it. Two pack 83. Do you believe that? No. Mo. Mo. Elvis 71. Phil Harbin 68. John Malushi 57. Kurt Cobain 56. Princess Die. 47. Chris Farley. Ever see a princess die? Chris Farley 42. Jerry Garcia 30. Mr. Rogers 30. Fred Rogers just died just days ago. JFK Junior 29. Pain's Stewart 27 and again we have great difficulty on the show. Believe in that not because we're not in a golf so much. That we have a lot of trouble. Believe in that anybody would say painstower. We're just out of time. I just want to know that all of the American girls on the water come to you. We are Chinese too. Thank you. Not anymore. You're not. John candy 27 Bob Marley 26. John Wayne 25. The Duke. Our kind of guy. Wasn't he? Yeah. The sermon months in 23. That's surprising to me. I guess we had a lot of Yankee fans. There may be Joe Costello voted multiple times. Frank Zappa. How's Joe Pepitone doing by the way? Anybody seen him lately? Joe Collins, Bill Scourin and E.Kerry. Frank Zappa had 23 and Stevie Wave on 23 so they were tied with them in months. Bruce Lee had 20. Roberto Pallente 18 and Carlo Conner had 18. George Harrison and Walter Peyton each had 16. I'm embarrassed that I forgot the Walter Peyton died. Walter Peyton was so great and such a good guy too. Notorious B.I.G. Big E.th. Malls had 15. Jim Morrison only had 12. And Sam Kinnison had a dozen. And that little shocking you that Jim Morrison had only 12 when they learned her at 93. See what I'm saying? Yeah, it's this place. Freddie Mercury and Selena each had 11. Jackie Gleason had 10. Which is amazing because Milton Broly only had one. Well, Milton Broly wasn't associated with South Florida yet and that must be it. Sure what I mean. Well, plus Milton Uncle Milton was like he was 150 years old number one and number two he was out of sight out of mind for so long. You know, although we didn't have a very big penis that trouble closing the casket. Jackie Gleason and Jim Henson each had 10. Harry Kerry 9. Y'all are bad and we loved Y'all are bad night just he was just so great. Tim Horton had a must add some Canadian some leaf fans. Oh, sorry about last night again. By the way, they just lose every day now. Marvin Jay had eight. Marvin Jay only had eight. That's that's your influence again. Yeah, sure. Well, Panjack had eight Roy Arbison misspelled on their only one. Assen Roy Arbison Eric, that must be Carl's a screw up. Six. Morris give had only five and Jim Crochi had five. Aren't you amazed Morris give had only five. It just happened a few weeks ago and he was local. Yeah. They had lots of hits. Rock Hudson had four. Arthur Rage Lucille Ball Rick Nelson had four. Lucy had only four. Oh. Audrey Hepburn, Sherry Lewis and Brandon Lee each had three Jack Buckhead appear. Uncle Milton and Michael Linden had one and Freddy Princeton have any which is why he was Brands out. Nobody loved him. Huh? Well, somebody called him in but that was the guy who called him three different names. Right. Right. So I guess the other two he was more broken up about when they picked the bucket than poor Freddy Prince. Now what's his son's name? Freddy Prince Jr. Oh yeah. I don't know how to remember. Just a joke. I like Freddy Prince Jr. He could use another meal or two. You know it. I like a sandwich with a big head. Oh, it's big and a eaten another meal. I just emailed. It's the first time in my life anything ever pissed me off enough to email like a network. Yeah. CNN they certainly not knew that worked that asshole. That doctor guped that they got on every day. Dr. Gupi. Yeah. He's honored this morning talking about the blood sugar and maintaining insulin levels and weight and all the other crap and about breakfast. People who eat breakfast do so much better with their sugar levels and keeping them, you know, and of course I never eat breakfast. I never been a breakfast eater. So then he puts on a list of the foods that he recommends for breakfast and the things that are bad. Dr. Actons must be having an off-part attack. He says bad things are like eggs and bacon, which of course Dr. Actons recommends. And you can debate that. But he says the good things are like pancakes and a flan waffle. Which are pure sugar once they go into your body. They're pure starch. Pure refined carbohydrates. And in addition, which what do you put on pancakes and waffles? So, so which is pure sugar. And this guy's on international TV on there. I just sent him a hostile email saying I shall have a kill in the people. Who needs bin Laden when we got Dr. Gupi on CNN certainly not news. You asshole. Nice going. Let him have it, mo. You asshole. You. And the public watches that. Oh yeah, I'm going to go make some big, uh, play the flat jacks right now. Right. Big Belgian waffle. Right. Some Andrew mama waffles and stuff and just pour on my maple syrup. Maybe he expected to eat him dry. Yeah. I got something he can eat dry. Sure. 913 at 560 WQM. He's speaking eating something really great. And real coast. That's right. They don't have pancakes and waffles, but they've just about everything else. They got three locations for either in sunrise north Miami Beach and their newest location in Pemberpines. Start your mouth watering feast at the air. Just with any or all of six different soups. Doesn't and dozens of suck of the non-trace. Not just Chinese stuff, but all kinds of other good stuff too. I'll kind of show it. Oriental Serpentir fun weekends near Strip State made a word of the gourmet center. That's a sizzling Asian grilled with hairy hockey steak shrimp chicken seafood and handcar primary. And at the end of course you won't walk out of there with a headache like somebody Chinese joints because they don't use any crap. No MSG, no cornstarch. And they cook all or find cuisine only with cholesterol free oils. Dr. Gupi. There were faith features of full salad bar, new sushi bar and fresh shrimp cocktail and Emerald coasts, famous and very popular lobster feces back to. Featuring lobster thermometers and lobster bisc. Bring a big appetite because if you have room for dessert, it's a real treat to. They got after dessert bar pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit. Even Davey having watermelon too. Emerald coast you'll find them in sunrise, Pinellot or 44th street. They're on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd in North Miami Beach which used to be a hell of a great place. And at the other section of Flamingo and Pebra Croats in Pebra Pines, except reservations, take out and deliver your available as well. Check out the new Oriental Chicken Salad called 9-5-4-5-7-2-3822. 9-5-4-5-7-2-3822. Take the whole gang this weekend for delicious gigantic feasted, great fresh goodies at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. Tarnished with the sewer of this place. Oh yeah you too well, girl. Have a good day of paradise. Okay. I get lost you punky of buttermen. You how a David? Yeah that's right. Star of Stage 3 and Paradise. Say you look like what's jablin. That's gozae is wild jablin. Yeah but you're dead then. So are you? I don't get behind the car. Oh boy. I said, did you get me? What do you want to eat? What are you doing? Hey kid. Here's what I'm making nice. Speak of your money out for life. Alright. So when the spoke is down here in the garage. What did you require of me? I require you drop your pants. Now. Now see here. Right now. I got a stupid bed drop off. We have a little bit of bed door. Okay. I'm a trunk here. That's nice. Shit. Ben gova. Yes. Oh. Now. That's queer like the pink. Queer like me. Queer like me. Queer. See that's kind of nice. Queer. Yeah. I think we're going. Don't I get it, didn't I? Well jablin. He raped Howard. He raped Howard. Okay. We just heard that. I'm 18 at five, 60, WCM. So just got my response from CNN. Yeah. Thank you for taking the time to submit your comments on the top stories of the day on CNN.com. I'm very important to us to know what your viewers are feeling. And we, uh, take, we've had your response. Uh, this is how we're able to consider changes that will appeal to you, our valued viewer. Due to the volume of emails we received. We do not personally miss pas. Bonnie me. I got you out of your. And we'll pass it along and blow it out. Sure. Yeah. So I'm that's okay. I still feel better about having done it because I was so pissed off and fired up. You know, I'll come fat and I'm a failure and I'm diabetic and I just had a whatever It was stroke. My, no, it was a pulmonary, uh, embolism, which causes like a little stroke. That's what I had. All right. A blood clot. A bomb a clot. But anyway. No, but seriously. And so I'm not maybe the picture I helped. At least I've read a little bit something about it. I could do all the right things. I'd probably be just like, you know, John Wayne when he was alive. But the fact that a matter is they put this irresponsible crap on the ear and her millions of these gullible people out there, including those lifeless, desperate shuttins that you're always talking about. They're sitting there watching this crap and they believe it. Oh, yeah. Have some a big plate of pancakes with syrup on there. That'll get your blood sugar and I said, level out about 500. That'll keep it up there all day. Even better than Viagra keep it up. I don't forget this Sunday is the first episode on 60 minutes. The first episode. Baba and the Bob Dold. That's wrong with you. You asshole. Get with it. I was going to say what we've got. Huh? They probably will be. So your business getting a hundred thousand dollars in episode. Yeah. You see how much doals getting? Eight bucks. Yeah. Just a little bit of a different amount. You know, Bubba's the big guy. He's just the uh, just the banana Bob Dold. Just the lymph banana. So anyway, here's the story. And I, according to a moth it was written by very jackass, but it doesn't have a Vyline in it, at least not on the website. It's confirmed by the way. Here's very jackass. It figures because Greg is quoted widely through here. It says David and WQAM milestone. Morning show at one year mark. Right. It's very jackass. Next week, dolphins radio and out to Howard David. It marks the one year anniversary of his valley who debut as the main host of WQAM's Morning show. You ask holes. So how is it gone? Question mark. Both sides seem somewhat disappointed, but for different reasons. David has disappointed in the lack of support he's received in WQAM. Management is less than thrilled with the ratings and certain aspects of the program. Now here comes the paragraph that you ought to like listen to very, very carefully. That's my personal advice. Got it? Got it. I've had concerns about the daily quality of the show, the lack of humor and the lack of invigorating sports talk. WQAM General Man is your Greg Reed said. I thought invigorating sports talk is an oxymoron. He goes on to say, I still have the same concerns we're going to try to do some things to spruce it up. Like adding a third person alongside David and Steve Goldstein question mark, then they already have a couple of third persons? Yeah, a couple of third persons. They had Carol in in the beginning and then Moe Blue, who are out of there. And then they had the beast in there and he blew him off because he was unprofessional. It could be adding a person that could be adding an element Reed said we will keep striving for the right formula. David said he hasn't heard the discussion of adding a third host, but he's not opposed to anything that would make the show better. Like maybe leaving Moe? Oh, leaving Moe. David a kind of respond to Reed's comments, but said he thinks he's done a good job 70% of the time and we're working on the other 30% on balance he said I'm satisfied with what's been done. And then here's a line, I guess very much have this, you know how they do it on the word processors and they just have lines that they drop in or repeatedly like in copy? Right. This line is repeated verbatim from an earlier peri jackass column verbatim. But David could not have anticipated the bashing he's received from a few host on the station, particularly Neil Rogers. Yeah, that's a hot key on the word processor. Right, that's F6. I was brought into spirit head a morning program and so far the gun I've been given has been supplied with as much ammunition as I thought I would give as far support he says. I'll be how that means. Now here comes the best part to show what even though he lashes out, what an equivocator he is. David declined to say whether he's referring to management or the critical host on the station, but he emphasized the sales staff has been supportive and called Goldstein a tremendous ass set. Now that part about the sales staff surprises me because each and every one of them has come to me belly it can about the fact that they can't sell his chauffeur craft, but at any rate. I'm very demanding of myself David said in town it'll be approval what we're doing is right. Stephen Iro being asked to do the job of three people. I'm being asked to do the job of Joe Rose a former dolphin who's very popular and Jeff DeForech who has a pretty good following in his market. I hate to break the news to you, but that's not quite accurate because those guys run from six to ten. Back in the glory days of QA and when we were on from ten to two which is where the show belongs and Hank was on from to the six wishes or he was doing great. They were doing four hours a day, not three. An additional which he already had the third person there twice and he blew both the muckers. They weren't up to his standards. See what I'm saying. You asshole. Reed says he has no regrets about firing the humors to force to play the guilty-depend kick backs. The fourth would be a good addition says very jackass, but he says he's happy doing a four to seven PM show at WDGA A-50, a Palm Beach station which is boosting its signal to increase penetration in a Miami-Dade County. Rose loved the station to show to work exclusively for NBC six as very. Rims with Mary. Asked of he's committed a David as a morning host long term, Reed said nobody in the business has any assurances, but I'm committed to Howard for the time being. We need to work with him former program director Duffinsian Crem program director Josh Darrell have said in to give him direction. Do you hear that? I heard it. I'm so committed. They babysat to give him direction, deployment right right to give a compass and a road map. Trust straight in his old ass out. Reed said he was disappointed by the morning shows ratings in the fall, but encouraged by recent trends covering November through January. In the fall, the morning show had a yati adiada and above about 3.2 down from a 4.9 year old team and. But among many age 18 and older the show's ratings jump from a 4 to a 4 9 in the past few months before 6 in the market. Howard did very well even beating Neil Rogers Reed said ratings. Why is he starting to perform better? We need to get these ratings out of that day part. Even beating Neil Rogers because that was in one bizarre month and one very does not understand that in January one month. We get the hour by hours of that. Although Carl Foster when his co-host morning show ratings have risen on WRF X940, David's program still has a sizable age among all of us news 12 and over in the last book at 2.7 to a 0.6. David as it no risk of losing his dolphins play by play gig, Reed and the dolphins were happy with his work. David said he enjoys play by play more than talk, but as no regrets about joining WQAM. I'm under contract for two more years for both jobs and plan on fulfilling that at least he said the best thing I've done the most satisfying is getting involved with the reach for the star's foundation to benefit children with cystic fibrosis. Not that he would say anything self serving or anything like that. You follow what I'm saying? You asshole. So there it is a big column here by very jackass about how we're David is a one year anniversary. And our fearless leader runs on to all that thrill with the very weak numbers we've seen repeatedly over the last year. Not all that impressed by that fluke during the month of January that Gustav that last trend that nobody believes anyway. And now that he pissed off Dorina this morning by calling her all kinds of names. You asshole. I think he's made a clean sweep. Can you name me one person? I mean, you know, I don't want to pick on Moe because we got lots of other stuff to do here. Huh? Do I want to pick on her? Yeah, oh. But seriously, I mean, you'd think that when you're working in a building with about 150 to 100 people. When you say that's how many people we got about a hundred about 100. When you think to be somebody who likes you, somebody who would say, you know, stick up for you and say, hey, well, you know, almost a pretty good guy and I like him and he's okay by me. When you think that's somebody would, uh, you know, they more. Not anymore. I think maybe Dorina might have been the last, although I don't know what she would have said. Well, how about Luand, doesn't she still like his back? No. No. No. I can't name you one. And don't give me guilty because guilty is the last. I've always guilty has been with. In fact, I think that's why I got these that learn judices. He's been squealing all over town so much last few weeks about what you got to do and moan. Oh, my God, he can't handle any more about what all that stuff. So I think he's had his fill of being the appendage to his honor to someone who wants everybody to get down and kiss his ass and his ring. And then there was also another great line that didn't get on the ear this morning, but I think that the spies heard this line, which is one of the classics of all time. And that is that I guess when he was they were talking about the very Jackson article. His response to that during this year at QAM, everybody in the building has stuck it up his gang rape is funny, but. I think I like that. Yeah. Or something of that effect. I may be paraphrasing slightly, but I think we're fairly accurate there. We're going to the employee list as much as I know. See anything bad that's happened to you, Mo, you brought it on yourself. Whether it has to do with me with George with Hank with the Reen with anybody else in a building, the salespeople with Greg with Mo, with Clarence. You brought it on yourself. By being a silly, pompous old man, a humorless old man wants everybody to genufluck and kiss your ass. Who's just incapable of functioning with other people. That's the problem. That's the bottom line with the molemeister, where the alikisho, where the hated, where the love is played by playwork. That's all irrelevant at this point. What is relevant is that here is a guy who is incapable of functioning in a setting with a bunch of other people. Can't do it. Can't do it. Now when the beast comes in to weigh in later, maybe he'd like to refute some of my comments. I have my doubts. You know? And the beast will be coming around when you say about 12, 30, 30, 30. About 30, man. Yeah, to get way to his weigh in for balance for life. And it's about time you've fast-bashed it. Okay. This is the beast. Yeah. This is the fad beast. Anyway, don't forget about his big promotion. They're on a QM website with the 6000 rules on there. How'd you like to have a dollar for every word that they've got in the rules on there for the beast gets laid. Hopefully, come to it. Ain't gonna happen. Trust me. Definitely would pull up question. Who's gonna get laid first? And no, I gotta even better want to. Who's gonna have sex with a woman first? Listen. The beast, parents or a needle? Ha ha ha ha. You would. I think I got a shot. 28 past nine at five, 60 WDQM. Let me tell you about a great place where you dog lovers bark Avenue pet resort in Hollywood. I think the beast is bark up through on tree myself. Bark Avenue pet resort is the only all natural pet resort in America. A beautiful 10,000 square foot facility to offer is boarding, grooming, and daycare for your pets. Whether just for the day in the open 7 a.m. The 7 p.m. overnight or for several months, even. Your dog will enjoy the comforts of luxury with oversized child sweets with animal print beds. Filtered smell free air cleaner than your house probably. Purified water for drinking bathing and washing. Bark Avenue's hot nunch groomers taught in Francesca offer expert cuts on all breeds. And they use only pure chemical free soap and shampooes so you can be really sure your pets are going to get pampered big time. At bark Avenue dogs aren't cooped up all day like in most places. And your dog's socialize according to their size and large players on soft and jilly matthoring. And your dogs are always in the presence of a counselor while of play. Bark Avenue also offers feline boarding in their kitty condos area hammocks included. If you want to take a look for yourself log onto their website www.varkaftetresort.com and take a virtual tour that allows you to look at on your pet anytime when you board in there. Barkaftetresort is located at 1400 South Federal Highway, column at 9.5.4. 9.25. Bark. Or log on to www.varkaftetresort.com. Bark Avenue pet resort to vacation spot your pet will absolutely fall in love with. They might like it so much they don't want to come home. Generally high top small high, if a club has a lake andまでräld-off zien mueues gem'm what's it no Aah You making juice Jack 2 Jack 3 Jack, youcha Jack, youcha dansит not true lu Paul u Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! You're not the king! You understand? So, this stop-okens track of everyone. 1933 at 5.60 WQAM. Here's our poll for today. And I know we did this about a year ago, but I didn't do it right. Remember, I talked about this the other day that I was in, I don't know, maybe in a bad mood that day or off my fear, whatever. But we didn't do it right. The one about who is the, who is or was the most beautiful actress on TV or in the movies? Okay. Got it? I got it. And I just have a short list. And the main reason I wanted to do this is because I wanted to vote for Jordan and Brewster. Okay. What's wrong with that? That's what I forgot what she looked like. I just had you look on her on the air. Okay. I just had you look on her on the air. One idiot man. God. You. So I just made a real short list and they can add to it as we go along. I'm sure they will. Because this is the new meeting potatoes of this program. Poll building. Right. Poll building. Let's build a poll. Grace Kelly, Marilyn Monroe, Jordan Brewster, Elizabeth Taylor. Jordan Brewster, by the way, used to be on, well, see our audience is going to know that because we haven't almost all mail audience. So then I can go from those soap operas as the word, Terrence and all my childrens. And she was net awful movie and visible circus with the, uh, what's your name? Cameron Diaz. Okay. But you know what I did have Grace Kelly and Elizabeth Taylor on and right off the bat because then the pull we did last year for some reason I was certainly and didn't put either one of them on there. Which is just, you know, we're not talking about the fat pill popping Liz Taylor. We're talking about the beautiful Liz Taylor. He was the known for being beautiful. Oh, no way. Paul G's. No way. Don't send me taxes from these chronic people. I'm in such a good mood now. I love you. I wish I could say the few of us mutual. He's chronic. He's, uh, you know, needs help. needs a friend needs a blow up dog. Let's take up a collection and see we can't get a blow up dog for the beast and for the women's paw for over the weekend. Terrence, he wouldn't know where to stick it. Oprah Winfee has rebounded in the eyes of American viewers reports people magazine as bad news. Like you always say there must be an awful lot of those real lonely desperate fat shot in Oprah. His big. About 3 30 man. Fuck. According to a new Harris poll serving Americans on their favorite TV stars of 2002 the daytime talk queen and full-time media mogul 49 is once again number one after having earned that title on 1998 and 2000. Last year she slept to number three behind you, Kerry and Regis Filbin, neither whom even made the, uh, this year's top 10. Now you like that. Who carry and Regis both, uh, dropped out of my and Oprah back on top. Which tells you everything you need to know about television. It's important for those words to have merit and weight. Right. After Oprah comes Ray Romano. David Letterman. Katie Kurick. Bill O'Reilly. Jennifer Aniston. Dr. Phil McGraw. This is the favorite TV stars of 2002. Oprah. Ray Romano. David Letterman. Katie Kurick. Bill O'Reilly. Jennifer Aniston. Dr. Phil McGraw. That must be the Oprah connection when you think. Right. Jay Leno and Dan Rather. Father. Oh. Good. That's scary. Really scary. Don't, you know, no counting for public taste because most people don't have any. Although I will say this. New poll shows Bush would lose the Democrat in election. Anyone particular just, uh, in general. Anybody. See somebody out the window there. Go go in the bullpen. Look out the window. See you guys standing on the speaker. Him. Even Hillary. President Bush would lose nearly to a Democratic party candidate. If the US presidential election were held now because of concerns about possible war and the economy. According to an opinion, pull public yesterday and speak in a economic newsman. The stuff that they had on the gambling channel this morning was. And all of a sudden. And all of a sudden. My head spin. Just unbelievable. Really low volume yesterday consumer confidence at an all-time low. Right. The Dow, the market just opened and the Dow's already down 105.775.770. And then as the next down almost 20 points, 1283. I just mentioned that in passing. The March the February 26th, the March the nationwide survey. Viewers voters by hand in Connecticut based Quinnipi Act. University found that by a 48 to 44% margin voters would pick as anybody out of a nine Democrats running over the Republican incumbent. That even includes Al Sharpton. Keep in mind. Oh, and we're almost. Brown. Who? The former Illinois senator. Well, the first black and the first lady in the first the loser for the Senate. The survey of 1232 voters had a margin of area plus or minus 2.8%. This month we find that an unnamed Democrat would edge out President Bush. Said polling institute director Maurice Carroll, the political wins are hard to read this early, but we do know that Warren a bad economy are not good for anyone, especially sitting presidents. And after seeing the results of this poll, I think that W. probably was sitting with an extra letter in it like an H. See what I'm saying? And after I goes on about that, he did this and he did that and go ahead this while that's all. You know, that's water over the bridge. Okay, let's get to the important stuff. Okay, before we talk about sopranos and James Gandalfini, he's having a little conflict on. Yeah, we wanted to discuss the big battle between Doreen and Moe because that's the off limits. Isn't that off limits? No, I would. But we got to have some excitement out there at Dorell. I mean, none of the big names are out there. As well, stir up a little bit of a summit. I think that the food fighter, whatever took place out there with him calling her a fat pig all week long. I'm making cost to comments about Doreen. I mean, he may have a point, but even so. So he thinks that he can come off saying the same grotesque things that I do. And people are, they don't take it from him. See, they won't put up with it. By the way, on that, this, let me see. They just reported that U.S. and British just attacked a mobile radar station. And I rack E mobile radar station. Yeah, for what it's worth. Well, that goes on every day. That's been going on for years now. So what does that mean? No, just, are you trying to stir the winds of war now? Are you trying to give everybody all whipped up to the ground? Yeah, you're getting them all psychotic and get out there. Guy, damn duct. Just relax. We're trying to give the people a few laughs. A little bit of levity here on his show every day. I can't get them all whipped up, you know, trying to save the world on the radio. Wow. Like certain, a pompous people. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T in Verizon, Marlesline. Who is or was the most beautiful actress on TV or in the movies? Grace Kelly, Marilyn Monroe, Jordan, and Brewster. That is her name in it. Yeah, whatever name right? I don't know. Yeah, that is right. I just don't know, it sounds strange. And Elizabeth Taylor, that's the first four, and I'm sure we'll have many, many additions, at least a couple. You think? Absolutely. Here's Tamara, Kilo. Hey, how you doing now? Yes, sir. If you just permit me for one second, someone says, I'll say, yes, someone says, yes, someone says, been waiting. What? I have no idea. I haven't got no idea. Here's how I'm around. This is our only other call so far. Hello. Do you have any idea what tell he was talking about? I have no idea. No, he didn't either. Uh, one for the poll. Yeah. Uh, vote dairy. No talent, but wow. I think she's about an eight and a half now. Okay. Thanks a lot. You bet. Well, she was once a perfect ten, but she's about 75 years old now. She still looks pretty good. Yeah. Senior lately. Yeah, she's a well-pickled. I bet you the beast would do her. Wow. In fact, I bet you the beast would do more too if he can catch him in the right position. Do more. I could be wrong about that. Huh? But what? For your money. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. One of those great days that we look forward to would like almost no spots on the Log today. Nice gone, Greg. My and local, we're sports video 560, you and you. Yeah. Why do you best? You best is. You think black men are the ones of those. A big black man, a special man. It's y'all between your eyes. Roll. Roll. You don't think black men are the Chinese world. Do they know the color of your eyes? But you need to try your pulsing slow. That's it. That's it. You don't feel right. What color of your ass of time? Black men. Why is it night? You don't feel right. You don't feel right. You don't feel right. You don't feel right. Oh! You're way. Crying. You'll be the big y'all bang to bed. I'll smack your head and lose up your body the way you like. Spread it. You get my bones rolled all in strong. It's a rubber band to hold it in so fair if it's wrong. You got it, you white. You just beat my son. It's kind of the big reason. You go out of two with that. You got it, take with those days your dad. All right. Don't. Time 45. Remember that scene in a godfather when Sonny is banging it. Broad up against the wall. Right. The door. And Tom Hagen goes to the door. Remember that? Yeah. I was just picturing. Bro. And screw in right up against the control room door there. Anyway, here's the facts from Gil. In homestead is becoming a little bit chronic. He says, what's the joke at the homing jingle song? I'm dying to know. Well, and the other question is, Halley, Barry, is the best looking female actress I just wrote it down. Of course you'll get a lot of votes. Yeah. Although those pictures in a front of that tabloid last month. Remember though? She was all so lint. She wasn't wearing any of that. Yeah. I mean, you can make anybody look ugly. Look at that picture of the beast on the QM website. Poor he looks nasty. Looks like his head is. Oh, that's for sure. That's why we're in a suit. What? He's wearing a suit in that picture. How can you tell the gutsy-dub? How to help him you possibly tell. Anyway, so there's two votes on the poll so far because they're yours in mind. Where does that? Oh, who the hell are you? I guess Eric must have. He voted for Marilyn Monroe. And I voted for Jordanne Brewster. I tell you she is really. If I were to suppose that if I were that ilk, you know, I don't want to vote yet. My choice is in on there. I see. Well, so far we got Grace Kelly, Merlin Monroe, Jordanne Brewster. Elizabeth Taylor, Baud Derrick and Halle Berry. Your choice is non-her-yet. Who's your choice? Denise Richards. Denise? Renee Richards? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Carlos is making the wish he was. She hand-sign. So Denise Richards? She's the most beautiful actress on TV or in a movie's of all times. So why are you voting for Carlos? I don't know, but not her. Alright. Little Beener Boys says you be, uh, Ellen. Yeah, what does he know? Not much. He knows it gets really cold. Well, he's really, oh, it's big in a weather. Sunny here today. It's going to be all wet till like maybe 26. I don't mind that. But I hear it's in the 90s already there. It's the first week in March. Would somebody tell the weather for you down there? It's only the first week in March. And then the 90s every is unacceptable. I see that thing in the Sun suddenly yesterday saying, Oh, well, well, we've decided that there's not going to be any spring this year. We're going right from winter to summer. What else at all about? There. Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. Question for us. Walking to where your friends and what's going on. Why I haven't heard them tell me that he paints his dozen paintings Volkswagen alive. Yeah. Where happened to that? What happened to what? Taint your bald spot. I haven't heard it in a cool phase. Oh, that's not true. Oh, we wasn't going on the thing with the, uh, with the best spots. We didn't even have it on there. He or I just got. I don't have a bald spot. I don't have a bald spot. I don't have a bald spot. I don't have a bald spot. Take your bald spot. I'll think about it. You know, 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T and rise wireless line. Here's Delray Beach, hello. Hey, how you doing now? Okay. Listen, I'll give you a name. But I just want to comment on the speech last 90. If I can do that. Go right ahead. Take it all the time you like. Yeah. I don't know man. I'm, I'm in a young, young, young, young, young, young, 23 now. And it just seems to me like, uh, he's, he's talking about all this stuff. Man, and so the can't, everything we taught, that we went to school and everything. You know, we acted like we're terrorists now. We're attacking over the place. What's right? You know what I mean? And he keeps talking about this stuff about he's been doing this stuff for 12 years. But in the meantime, he hasn't attacked anybody in those last 12 years since we kicked him out of Kuwait. And he hasn't attacked us or killed anybody else that we know other than, you know, it's, it doesn't make any sense. Yeah. So, if you have any questions, he just keeps repeating the same statement so over and over again. Let me ask you a question. Yes sir. Have we ever gone into war as an attacker before? In our history? Yes sir. Well, I mean, uh, not just out of the blue like this, I wouldn't say would you George? No, we've gone to the rescue of people. Well, I remember right now we've got any, we've participated in one of the, like, international police actions and things like that. But in terms of just starting a war and invading another country and saying that we're doing it to remove the leader of the country. No, we didn't ever done that. And hey, I want to vote for, um, I know you're going to disagree, but I got to put jail on him, man. Okay man. See, he wants jail. We like to have big ass. All of a sudden. Now, I know she was in a movie and Brittany was in a movie and we consider, I guess, jail, all of a sudden. Yeah, she got a lot of movies. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Jesus God. No, the reason I mentioned that we talked about that the other day is because Brittany, you know, every time you put around any pool, nobody can compete with her. I can understand that, but the fact all of your nine of Bruce is a lot of hundred and she is, but the fact that the matter is that she's not an actress just being in one really great Z movie last year does not make Brittany a, but jail all your rights even in many movies and. Take it for what it's worth. No, thank you. Back to him. So jail is on air. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Miami. Hello. We'll go up ahead and dream about I just have to, or the assistant, not because that's how the night follow out of pocket. Yeah. Just because we mentioned this. This mean he's got a call in, you know, five six seven, five, six, five, six, five, six, six, six on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I love it. And they dogs out at the rail today where they haven't had any excitement except for this morning to read and mow had a big blow up. They had to big blow. Real screaming match I guess, huh? For the four world's best flying all kinds of crap going on back and forth forth and back. Mow make it all kinds of cost to come in to about her sucking up to fat hank and. Oh, brother. And speaking of that fan hank will be out there at the rail through this afternoon. 650. Now why what is that mean? What are we going to do for 10 minutes there? Yeah, I don't want to get on Clarence's ass. That's for damn sure who the hell would. But these schedules he's making, he must be crumbling out of the pressure. Because look what it says there. It says 3 to 650. Hank will forget the rail. And we know that hank likes those short shows. But then 7 o'clock should go panther preview the panthers at Atlanta 730. Well, what's going on between 650 and 7? Are we doing transmitter maintenance? Sports. Are we shutting off the air for like 10 minutes? I would have let hank go out there and do a big BM or I mean, what's going on? What kind of a schedule is this, Clarence? God, any care for the hockey game and ESPN radio overnight because it's Friday. Here's Hollywood, hello. Hollywood. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Sensational. In my opinion, the most beautiful woman in the world, Catherine Hepburn. Okay. Put there on the left. And Todd Grant comes still waiting for you to call me for lunch. Hold your breath. Yeah. Tell Clarence to send you their rumor buys George his lunch and the same day, Todd brings this new copy for anything. Catherine Hepburn. Okay. There you go for the old E-Moldie crowd. I'll be honest with you. I never thought that she was all like great. Look at him. He's in town. He's a pinion. But he's so nice. He's a little bird. She was a good actress. She was a much better actress than Spencer Tracy. Huh? Audrey was the pretty one. Catherine was the uh... Oh, the one. Yeah. She was very good. Uh, in fact, I had an aunt on my father's side who looked a little like Catherine Hepburn. We'll put you looking. 560, 560, pon 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Isn't that ironic that on my father's side to roll like all these goiim? Huh. Yeah. She was married to a goiim and his brother was married to a goiim. And then, of course, the other part of the family of Elbe came from anatical Zionist and moved to Israel. Oh, hey. Which led to his mental collapse. 560, 0560, pon 560, AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Oh, man. Some of you are a lady. What is it? I go right when it. Me go right what? A name in. What was it? Angelina Jolie. Okay. Yes sir. I'm here today. Who are you? I'm here today. Who are you? Oh boy, you people are a little pushy. They didn't want to be pushy. You want this ball spot and you won't. There you go. No extra charge. I started to call in yesterday, but somebody mentioned Jim Henson. There were two people that ever. I don't want to I just want to address the John Lennon issue. Why it was such as go ahead. Okay. The thing about John Lennon was, right before he was killed, there were rumors that the Beatles were going to like get back together and do a performance. And everybody thought that would be the greatest events in Woodstock. And that was the shocker about the lemon thing. There were all kinds of rumors about that. The rumor that was assassinated because he was a subversive, comic, pink, or drug doing all the other stuff. So they had hit, you know, there were all kinds of rumors. No, no, no. I mean as far as why people are so upset about him being killed. I said they could take it in the Beatles. They were going to back together as if he was dead. That's what the thing about it was. So in other words, it's not that they admired him or his music. That much is just that they were the selfish. They wanted the Beatles to get back together. They were getting a record for saying. Yeah, that's what I'm asking. That's pretty pretty. Pretty selfish damn reason if he acts me. Isn't it? And Jim Henson was it. So it's only two people who were about him. He Hansen because I liked all the voices that he did. And I thought he's an innovative person. He did pretty well. I got 10 votes. Yeah, and he was only in his 40. He died of pneumonia. They say I've heard of the rumors, but they said he died in pneumonia. And I just wanted to tell George, if I had the money, George could I be over an Amsterdam next week. If I had the money, I'd a budget ticket. You could have gone with this. Since nobody else wants to. We had to get a, a gather some money together for you. No way, you're going to. You are going to Amsterdam next week. I'll be there Wednesday on the damn square walking around. Where are you going to stay? Over. I think it's called lead display. Does that have, like, the lines that lie to play. Yeah. The light display. I'll be over in light display. The light display. And now I'm going to walk down to the footlock and see if I can catch you hanging around down there by the Heinrich of Brewery. Okay. Actually, you know, I used to live not too far from the Heinrich of Heinrich. Do I have my apartment here? I know. I know where you were. I used to shop in the same grocery store. You shop that. I know where you were. You know, out of here. What the fuck was that? It's around the other side behind the Heinrich of Brewery over there. On the other side of the Heinrich of Brewery. Is he going to go to the corner? You're talking about dirt. Yeah. I didn't have a roof there. Now I didn't shop there. You're just, you know, you're trying to piece. A little detective work. Not good, though. So the. Have a great time. I just want to ask towards one question. Yeah. If he, if he had the money, he could go to Amsterdam. How would he get out of the country and back and forth to be? How do you have to do the plan? It's a different passport form. Oh, of which you can do it. Yeah. Well, when you get the money together and let you go, buddy. It's called sneaky sneaking into the wheel well is what it's called. Have a great time, pal. Thank you. I sure wouldn't be traveling this time to Amsterdam. What do you know? I don't want. I don't want to get him freaked out or anything like that. And that's something though because I once said that I live not too far from the Heinrich in Brewery. And of course, this being a chronic and are we're listening, hanging on every word. And so he puts it because he's obviously been over there. And he was at there's a big, dark supermarket right around the court. I shopped in there only maybe twice. I shopped in Albert Heinrich. Heinrich, can't. Yeah, that's right. In fact, I spent a lot when I was over there. What do you think I was doing most of the time? Heinrich. I can't find. I can't. Oh, there it is. What do you think? No. Oh, no, no. I finally found what I was looking for. No, I packed it that again. God must be punishing me. I looked up Heinrich. Oh, it wasn't even worth it. Rick. Anyway, Albert Heinrich, that's the big supermarket chain. So next time he calls in and tell me he's going to shop in the same Albert Heinrich. It's said it went so on. Oh, yeah, I know where you shopped. I said I used to buy an ice cream and crap. We not had an abandoned Jerry's. Yeah, you're right. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I sure wouldn't be traveling myself at Amsterdam next week in Ormese. Or it's not like it's England. And thank God, there's like no Arabs over there too. Oh, my, my. And whoa, this is for sure your high sixty-five. You're way away, yeah. How young is too young, yeah. You're only this is a diamond year. What do everyone do? It's a diamond. They're co-lead. Would you be wanting to come over to my place to have a wet's my shell. Oh, now that I wouldn't matter to Patrick. You're going to be wearing the green. Do you know there's a smart lussey? She's making sure her that is wearing the kithy green protection of leprechaundoms. Don't be wishing on a folly of glover. I'm sorry for the gift to gab. Especially if you're planning on kissing some blind stones. You're the one, Harriet. The Dublin York protection with leprechaundoms. This wrong enough for a man. But I like him too. So it's just an duplicate on them. And you won't be catching anything else. Ten o'clock at five sixty WQM happy Friday to you. I see a little beer boys doing it to Eric again today. Really sticking to your apartment. Well, he's only got four names on the pool. Yeah. So somebody is screwing up on because we've got like at this point. I'll see six eight. We've got like a whole bunch more names. I email him. I email him too much. We get like four five of the list. Yeah. Because we got fifty three votes on there. But it's kind of meaningless because they're only choosing among the four names on there. I just emailed them the last last one. We don't have to go to Eric. We don't have Halle Berry. We don't have these Richards. Which George is not very happy with you about that. We don't have J.Lo. Stop my faldias. We don't have Katherine Hepburn. We said guys and we don't have Angelina Jolie. And Miguel's going to come up in there and beat the crap out of you. Beat the snout out of your ass. I said they should be up any second. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You guys. You just dittling around here. Man. We got a big important show going on here to want to climb. And you're like crawling along in a snail's piece. But by the do and the right year going. It'll be one o'clock about four in a morning. If you follow what I'm saying. What? Yeah. In other words, we're going making so little progress. You are going so goddamn slow. It'll take us to four five in a morning to get to be what we did. Quiver a little more to climb. Don't you see what I'm saying? No. Good. Five six seven. Five six. Five six. On the AT&T and Verizon line. Who is or was the most beautiful actors on TV or in the movies? And it shows you. I screwed up really big on one last year. And I get a pulgized. I was jerk. Grace Kelly's leading with 31. Of course that's among the first four. But even so when Liz Taylor's got five. And I left him both off at her last year in a fit of peak. I don't know. This because I thought Tom Willing was pretty than a lot of them. And probably he is. Pretty something. Five six. Pretty tall. Pretty tall. Pretty big feet. All that kids going to be calling in again. What do you care about Tom Willing's feet? Just like that guy down there in where he was. It kind of wants to know about that. Yeah. What is that? What is that? That's pretty fun. Can you just play that to me? How you guys are? Yeah. There it goes. There you go. There you go. There's your explanation. Shmuck. I'll say shmuck as for a friend. You'll now wear an L. Here you go. Smallville. Christian Crocs. See I just got you. I did not. Yep. And this was already on the way. Boy, I'm going to tell you. Seriously, I'm a shmuck. Grimes with Croc. Now you've spawned that right K.R.E.M. I don't know. Christian Croc. Kiss and Croc. This is UCF Kenny's also attaching the picture. We don't need a picture. We know what's he looks like. She's okay. Notice I didn't fix the picture. Which just looked like a good. Don't waste my whole pack. I don't want to. Okay. What about Audrey Hepburn? Okay. We got Katherine Hepburn. You mentioned Audrey. Okay. No problem. She sure was a lot prettier than Audrey. She was in the breakfast at Tiffany's. Then we just talked about her the other day for what? For a while. No, seriously. What were we talking about Audrey Hepburn for? I don't know. It was a dead or alive thing. Was it? Did we figure out if she still alive? I forgot. That was dead. Katherine's not. Katherine's dead. Lynn? Now what is that? Lindy. A Carter. What's the say? Linda. What is she? Linda Carter. They understand it's with a Y. But uh, oh. Scary. And it looks like permit your handwriting too. Sure does. Who is that? I don't know. Somebody. That's yours. I didn't write Linda Carter. No, seriously. But it's somebody our regular that we know. We're going to trace that. Let's see. Look who's winning deraille. Rod pampling. Anybody ever heard of him? And it says, no. Who knows that? I know Doreen and I know Moe. But I don't know Rod pampling. Did you remember hear that name in your life? I wouldn't have. Don't forget mad dog and Hank will be out of deraille the staff. No, not only knows why. They must be paying a pretty big buck for that. Let's see. We invaded Mexico and took most of the US southeast. Yeah, that's a big point. We got president Franklin Pearson general Scott. Protestants invading your Catholic country. You're right. Right on target. How to side out of mind. That's too embarrassing. We don't like to talk about those. Ugly uh, chapters in American history. Okay. We don't want to give you the bat. Jennifer Connelly is a Belarusian and Audrey Hefer. And Catherine was a good actress, but even the beast wouldn't have touched her. Is it Belarusian? Yeah, who's that? It's a matter of fact because I was just a little bit. Is a Belarusian? Belarusian? That's that. Me? She's very decent and famous. Wait a minute. Good. What? Is a Belarusian? I'm a who? Is a Belarusian? I'm a who? I wouldn't call her beautiful. I mean, she's got a look about her. Who's that? Is a Belarusian? She's a very nice woman. She's a handsome woman. Yep. See you don't like her. I don't think she belongs in the list. Okay. Jennifer Connelly. Definitely. Even though she's going through something, I don't know what. How about John Connelly? Who? 567. 560. He was writing in the car with JFK John Connelly. Oh, and Ron Spob the wrong time. And now he's dead. Don't you remember that magic bullet? Uh-huh. It went through his hand and broke his list and it went right up to the president's neck and killed JFK. It was just an amazing bullet. It was a one up on the stretcher at Parkland Hospital and then it was pristine. Remember pristine the queen? It was like brand new like right out of the box. Have a lot of damage for one little bullet to be in such good shape too. Okay. The other names are up there. Now Grace Kelly 32 Merlin Monroe 15. List Taylor's 6th year in Annabruce, your 5th, Katherine Hepburns got one. Got to be from that guy. Either that or Spencer Tracy came back just long enough to vote. I'm sorry. I understand that it's for the old Farts, but I still say Spencer Tracy was always the same in every movie. Yeah. Father of the Pride, look who's coming to dinner, Dr. Gika and Mr. Hyde and uh... I'm like and Dave Hyde. Huh? Not a lot of range. No, he was always the same. I'm not saying he was a bad guy. Maybe he never stole a freight train, but he just did a good job as that character. Yeah, whatever that character was, I think the character was Spencer Tracy. Yeah. Here's your call for Mokeland Park, hello. Good morning. Good morning. My name is Richard Steel long and I'm a... Ohhhh. Boy, they're all out today in full force man. Yeah. There he is again. I wonder if he's related to Mike Oxlong. Here's Papeno, hello. Papeno? Theo, he, let's lose. Yes sir. Now we sit. Okay. A lot of short ones. I know it's right. Here's Western, hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. It's a good category today. I've got a tough choice. What we've done it before, but we didn't do it right. And there's one thing you gotta keep doing it until you get it right. I missed the other one. It's just the same Shirley Jones and Jane Russell. I'd have to say her couple of... I've got a couple of... Shirley Jones was the hot one. She was young and it was really young. Was she really? Oh yeah. Was she a music man? Was she as pretty as David Cassidy? He's not. She was already old then, but my vote would go to her couple of worlds. Okay, thanks a lot. Thanks. Now who the other ones he said? Because he had a couple of good ones. She was a little... Oh Jane Russell with a big boobs. Yeah, that's all that was good about her. With all the brass pots. Huh? She was a real manly looking guy too. She was very much big boobs, but not a... That was kind of a look back then. The Captain Hepburn Jane Russell look. You know what I'm saying? Yep. To date by today's standards, it would look very much or like don't crawfer. There's another one real real. Yeah. Real books with a shorter pad. She knocked a living crap out of you. Just look at her cross. I give it a show. Oh. Look at her. Look at her poor Betty Davis. Five six seven. Oh five sixty. Count five sixty on the. I'm telling you who was actually a pretty good looking guy. Even though I said the contrary yesterday was Warren Fady. What was the movie he was in? It was very young in that movie. Shampoo. Now, way before that. Well, you thought he was a good looking guy in shampoo. Oh, I said that. That's not what I said. Oh man. What was that movie he made? No, it was much much before that. It was probably one of the first movies he ever. You know, you know those cornball channels I got in there like a driving classics and stuff like that. I can name two movies. Three movies he was in shampoo, Dick Tracy and Dredds. Well, wasn't none of the above. What about the. The great one he was in. We played. That's a good movie. That was a damn good movie. That's about the only time I ever liked him. And it was in buzzing and all fall down. You forgot that. Yeah, with Carl Maldon's nose and Brandon Duelder in black and white. Oh, she'd why did they have to make movies in black and white then? What do you what are you laughing about? Well, that's not a laughing matter. And you're who's also in that movie. I'll fall down. I even recieved. I believe wasn't she? I don't know. No. She was in on the waterfront with Marlon Brando. She was beautiful. Really. Get out of here with that crap. All that fat crap you keep playing. What's wrong with you? I think the audience is catching on to your crap. All fall down. There's the end drama to stain on most pants. Well, I still dream him really good into it, huh? Yeah. Yeah, they did. All through the night, all the presidents men, all this for that, all sphere. What am I looking for? All fall down. Now, what's the reason I can't find it? Well, probably because it's not on that page. Yeah, even where you saying, like I said, Angel, the landscape. And Barbara, actually, I have no idea who that is. Angel, a landscape. Wasn't she didn't keep playing on I'd remagini? She was in bed not in broomsticks. She and she switched. She was somebody's mama. She was your mama. One of those shows. Maybe it was be switched. All right. Right. I don't remember. Angel, a landscape. She's another one. I always looked. She was kind of like Tabitha on. How does she wrote it? No, no, is that Angel a landsbury? Yeah. Oh, I can't remember the movie. Stand sit in Delilah. Oh, I can't stand her Angel a landsbury. That's right. She is murdering her. Yeah. Oh, she's not going on my list. And she was Mrs. Potty. Maybe we should have a list. You know, one day we'll do a poll of the glitches looking actress in history. That would be good. All right. Get it read up. She's an actress. Sometimes. Here's my any. Hello. Yes, sir. What about the feel or is? Oh, what about the feel or is it? How could anybody leave her off? She was beautiful. She was. And she was still got skin like silk. Yes, she does. And you mentioned, I do a gene and work about Barbara. What about Barbara? She was very curious. She was. Yes, she was. Thank you. Only one customer, though, please. I'll put Barbara in on her. Yeah. We love her. A lot. I'm like so many of these other people. How many dead people have gotten a lot? Grace Kelly's dead Marilyn Monroe's dead. Liz Taylor. Well, might as well be. Katherine Hepburn dead. Audrey Hepburn. Did we decide she's still alive? I don't think so. No. Look that one up Carlos. Do something useful. Okay. She's just. If you screwed Eric over it. She's dead. Yeah. Audrey Hepburn is dead. Oh, no. I bet she got a long time ago. I guess we should have done this forgot about it. Anybody out in let's see. Rick, how well she's still alive. Sophia Loren, looks still pretty good in Barbara Eden. This is but Montgomery's not still alive. No. But she's also not going on with us. She wasn't. She was nice. And we like her lot. She wasn't the beauty. And the beauty. She was a cute, but not a beauty. And she did a hell of a dirty. To her country by doing that show. This is what I was trying to say. And then there was Darren. We had two Darren's. We had Darren with the funny nose. And then we had the other Darren who came out of the closet later. The two dicks. The sergeant and Dick York. York. All right. We on top of it today. We got a baby. Because nobody else has any idea what we're talking about. We're just rambling today. Go like it. Bye bye. Too bad. Next down 12. And a half. Oh, look at that. Oh, Germany says there's skeptical of UK's deadline plan. Did you see that? Good. Yeah, they're there. You might mention my name. The rice master. I'm going to do this. Okay. How the world has turned the directions and the Germans are the voice of reason. And the chinks. Yeah. Yeah. The Dow is going down 57 of the man's deck downtown. So maybe it'll make a little comeback. What do you think? No. Maybe it'll make it out. And of course, you know how fast this stuff comes back. The immature show is just coming. Oh, yeah. This stuff comes back so fast. So while you pour bass to his out there, they're waiting for your two cent.com's to come back. And all the other tech crap that those are grave robbers. So do you. Oh, have no fear. It comes back so fast. Like grease lightning up in churches ass. Let's see. My pull vote was from Erlen Rostas Tracy. My pulse of justness for Charlize Theron. She's a Marylandess glamor and beauty. Excellent choice Charlize. I've already done it in a minute. What about Catherine Zeta Jones? Yeah. Beautiful. Excellent. I thought it was going to say beautiful ass. Rosalind Sanchez. Rush hour two. Look her up Puerto Rican. And Leonor Vellaria. Blade two. You see a common thread here? Yeah. No idea. Leonor Vellaria. Never heard of her. You know what? No, but you know what? Nobody else has either. What do you mean? It says look her up. You look her up. Rosalind, which I'm sure that's not how anybody spells it, but never less. Rosalind. Well, here it says Rosalind. Okay. How about Rosalind Mutsuneem? Carter? Yeah. Grace Kelly's lead and she's got 41 votes. Maryland on Rooster to move up. 19. Liz Taylor's got 10. And Bo Dera Scott, two big ones. 10. 14 at 5. 60 W.M. A very bizarre Friday. It's just not going to be the same as usual because of that. All that stuff out there this morning with Dorine and Mo and Dorine. I mean, we're out there in public, you know? They're out there in public, putting the radio station on display supposedly put their best foot forward. And there's Mo Yell and you asshole. You asshole. You asshole. And Dorine walking around getting psychotic. Once about time she struck back though, you know, nice going to Reen. She moved up many notches and our estimation today didn't she? You asshole. That's right. Take it on the Mollmaster and tell him right to his push. But a grouchy old piece of turn he is. I want to tell you about a great place. He likes a Westfocus. Somebody ought to introduce Dr. Gupta to this place. Maybe he might learn something. The lights is a superstar for the Atkins died and all the other low carb sugar free diets. And it continues to add new low carb food products every day. This month, the lights is introducing three new flavors that a low carb carcati rackage chips and new low carb brownies by carb control in four delicious flavors with the only one car preserving. So, whether it's Carverlight Ice Cream, Brad's Muffins, Cheesecakes, Pasta and Sossas, or any other 600 low car food, the lights are Westfocus a place you love shopping at. And you can always sample anything of the store before you buy it. They've got an eligible staff who sure has found a lot more by dieting the Dr. Gupta on CNN. And they're open every day, seven days a week, ten to ten. They have the most complete line of Atkins bread products and the world are always 25% off all day every day. Atkins died as rated number one, so went for the number one low carb sugar free store in a world. The lights of Westfocus, you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market in Boka, or call toll free 1877 low carb. Find them on the web if you like it low carb.com. Don't forget there's only one the lights of Westfocus, your official Atkins retail center. Dr. Gupta. And look all this is for 3.05. It's Friday, you bestie. There he's the fairy and he's got a man. There he's the fairy and he's got a man. There he's the fairy and he's got a man. Oh oh, he has to go further. He's a queer, oh oh, we're in the poop. And there's only one thing we can do. There he's the fairy and he's got a man. There he's the fairy and he's got a man. There he's the fairy and he's got a man. There he's the fairy and he's got a man. There he's the fairy and he's got a man. There he's the fairy and he's got a man. There he's the fairy and he's got a foolish muck with a dog. A foolish muck. That's what he stole for. There he's the wrong one and he never keeps to go. There he is. There he's the fairy and he's got a man. There he's the fairy and he's got a man. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There's the fairy and he's got a man. There he is. There he is. There's a fairy and he's got a man. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. There is a more great deal from Tom Layman and Joe Prater speaking of hot things at Halipaniak GMC. Listen to these hot deals. Neil Deal number one. Get you a $2,000 rebate on every new GMC in stock. You heard correct. A $2,000 rebate on every new car truck in stock at Halip right this moment. Neil Deal number two. If you currently lease your own any general motors car truck. Get you a $3,000 rebate. You are a $4,000 rebate. Halipaniak GMC who definitely be professional grade. This is Joe Ball on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you are listening to the Hockey Authority Neil God. Do you want to talk to hot babes who never say no. Everything called the sexy ladies at $1,955. Yes. Hi. Is this $1,955? Yes. Cool. Could I make out with you? $1,955. Yes. No. That's why we have live women who love to say yes. And only yes. You like me? Yes. You think of hot? Yes. But you're point. Are you just saying that because you worked for $1,955. Yes. Oh. Are you joking? Oh, good. You know you wanted. You know you needed. You know you don't want to hear the word. So call $1,955. Yes. If I'm your most favorite caller. Yes. Did you buy any chance you used to be a band? Why am I going to answer that? Hold up. $1,356. You don't have to queue. Here's a long list of men says having said all of these, I'll still look for Grace Kelly. Well, that's a good choice. She's went in hands down your pants, man. 53. She was um, practically beautiful. Yes. She was perfect. She didn't have a pimple honor. You know, that's the way I look at Grace Kelly. Just magnificent looking. Anybody ever see her rear window? And of course, when you stop and think about the fact she was an M. Would Jimmy Stewart. I mean, you know, Jimmy Stewart and everybody liked him. You know, I still think he's overrated. But nevertheless, I mean, Jimmy Stewart and Grace Kelly, you know? Yeah. And I'll tell you who else I still think is beautiful on TV. And I wish that I knew her name. And maybe someone with a passion's people will call him. I'll put her on the list. The actress that plays Sheridan on passions. She has everybody's beautiful as Grace Kelly. One, not a pimple on her anywhere on her body. She's got beautiful, great body. She's gorgeous. Sheridan. Got it. They even named a street in Hollywood actor. You never saw her in the movie. No, no. What is wrong with you? I mean, just to take a peek. You know, which one she was right away. I don't know if a volume off and the characters come and go. I don't know if they knew her immediately. She would be on me. Oh, my God. You say, holy cow. Now I know he's right. Mackenzie, what's wrong? Is that her name? I think so. Let me double check that. Double check. Make sure we get the right name of the actress to play Sheridan on passions. Because I think that anybody out there would agree with me. That is pretty damn hard to beat her with a stick. What's your name again? Mackenzie, you feel something? Mackenzie, what's more? Mackenzie wants more? Mackenzie, Mackenzie? Westmore? Okay, put her on there. Now here's the other ones that I put on her since Phil called, but she had about 400 of his own. Since broke shields, we got Isabella Rosalini, Ingrid Bergman, Kim Novak, Jean Tierney, you got these? Kid. And Jean Tierney, that's GE NE. Now how come the woman was named GE NE? I don't know. I thought, what? What? Happens all the time. Does she really thought Jean for a woman was GE N? And I thought Jean was like a guy like Jean Pitney. Now? Well, anyway, Jean Tierney, Catherine didn't know you. Okay. Why? Nothing, try to write fast. Catherine didn't know you. I remember that spot issues to do. I'm guessing didn't know that you do it in the did, did you? Yes. And Margaret, that's what the hyphen, by the way, Elvis did her. So, allegedly. I don't think Elvis did. I don't know. I really wonder about him, you know, a lot. Chris, he did mama, he slept with mama for 20 years. And Mackenzie, Westmore, who plays, we're going to have to put on her Sheridan something in parentheses. So they know who she is. Or just put passions in parentheses. Okay. Or Sheridan from passions. Or she's on like an E.F. And V.C. and I show that Neil watches called passion. How about another picture up next to it? There you go. Okay. Let's see. Michelle, five for somebody says, on a fax? Yeah, whatever. Why? Huh? Nothing. That's a sure. Oh, interdain. Much better than anything. The me switch is good. Hope to be. Oh, please. She's okay. Don't start getting into a snit boys. Now let's see. Here's a fax from the rabbi. The most beautiful actor on TV. Pan Greer. Now, who's pan Greer? Uh, blocked it a lot of those black exploitation movies. Clear patterned Jones kind of movies. Yeah, she hired. She would boobs. No ugly face. Well, no, no, no. We're not. We're not talking about who's got the biggest boobs. Okay. Because then fat boy would certainly win that in the beast. It'd be second. Winning. He says, I'm wondering, you should do a pull on celebrities who should just post shop and go away. For example, lies a manly. I can still hear that shrill a hole in my ears from the promos they ran for a recent concert. That's not a bad idea, rabbi. Even though we're not too fond of you, but that's not a bad idea. Why don't we like him? I'll see. I'll always pick it on you, the rabbi. I don't know. Since you're a furo and anti-semite, I'll judge on mine that. He says the truth counts for a lot. Okay. So there's the list as we've got it so far. Just add a Michelle five for you got her. Yeah. We're going to have like 75,000 choices to keep you busy over the weekend. I'm a serious you have got to see Sheridan on passions. Is there anybody? I wish we had a more women list of this show because most guys, except for a few of us, thanks to watch soap operas. And at this point, most guys work anyway. And they're not home to a TV set when they can watch soap operas. Even if they wanted to. Do you want to say what I'm saying? But I guarantee if most guys saw Sheridan, they would say, Holy cow, that'll will fag is right. She's pretty goddamn hot. Here's a call from poor Latterdale. He's poor. Oh, you know, yesterday he couldn't get you even once. He couldn't even get you once yesterday. So that means he's been dialing for a day and a half and he finally got through again. They all hate you, sir. They hate you like poison. But congratulations on living another day and swancing all an oxygen. Call him sir. He's like 12. To sir would love. What about Sydney Pachea? He was pretty. Oh, that's right. Pretty dark. Guess who's coming dinner? They see who comes back to that again. And guess who Spencer Tracy was playing in that movie. Spencer Tracy. Right. I don't know. And of course nobody. We don't have enough old farts around to argue with me about that because in his day he was considered like, Oh, right. Spencer Tracy is the greatest actor. I based on what? Based on what? Based on the fact that he was always the same. I mean, he was like very natural. I'll tell you isn't those natural who's great. He even had to be the greatest actor of all time. This is good enough credit is Robert Duval. Right. He's just great. Every role that he plays is just these fabulous. You still, you've got to lift that scene out of a podcast. Lips now because it's hysterical. And he acts so effortlessly. Right. He does everything like so natural as a matter of fact that scene to Pidimize is what you're saying because you really think that he was anything other than that character. Right. And I'll tell you another movie that I'm surprised that more and more people because it was a had a call following and they changed the name of the great Santini, which was the ace and then they changed the great Santini. More and more people have seen that and they think it's a great movie which it is. Bull, bull of mechum. When that is named right. And then what's your name that played the wife? I love her. I can't think of what her name is. That was a hundred years since I saw that. Come on. You know who the who the hell is. Why she wasn't beautiful or anything like an ablite dinner. Was that her name? Yeah. Inchea. Where the blind that a huh? By the. Who's mother is she? Rosanna Danner. Here's Pembroke Pines. Hello. How you doing Neil? Okay. You have to add one avogarner. Avogarner was beautiful. She's she'll be alive. If that guy didn't push her off the boat. She got pushed off about two. Remember what's her name that guy Robert? I was thinking of Natalie. No, you think of Natalie Wood was a Robert Wagner. Yeah. Natalie Wood should be honored too. Probably. Okay. Thank you. Sir. What's your guard there was once very different. So after by the way. And. And. You know the suggestion to pull about the. Good night. Oh, you eyes. You finally died. Welcome back to the rat package. They chew you up from your kiss. He's through the worms in your tongue. Now that your life is done. You won't be your guncuffs. Here is the disease. There is a sauce for you with the out of Kukukabak. And you're appearing tonight at the chance of the sky. You thank Jackie. Can't let me. I've been hit off on. We'll know where all the other drugs will be. On HBO, the hot film is about your life. If you think I'd go play the battle and the more. What the hell. You die. Goodbye. Oh, you eyes. Say hi to the guys. You've only gone to semi-cheon. Tana and Kutu. For saving longer. We're by using his head. We attack your task. It's like something. That you call to bring like. Shot guarders for the narrow and long with some food. Sporty. And the pair of glasses for no greed. We're using it to the five-time. But look at who survived. Our body knows killer life. Our capital is no reason. Now he's alive but totally looks like this. How the Kutu brings more to the end. Strike for all. She says. He took the connection. There's no more. But I think. Trank the old. I'll tell you once they hand's blood. I would be starting his own car. If I was him right now. He's doing his report of the UN. You know on the inspections. We all stick to add low level. Close area survey. Let's drop through drones. Provided by Germany. But anyway, he says they're able to do inspections at any time. And they can show up on expected. No problem at all. They're getting tremendous cooperation. And that is not what El President wants to hear. That is not what. Roll and coal and want to hear him be saying. You know, they have those remote control car starters. That's what I'm thinking for Hans Blix. No dirty tricks. Like it says. No tricks. Tricks of her kids. Yeah. No tricks for Hans Blix. Please. He's saying a lot of stuff that they are too crazy about here. And I guarantee anyway, Sean and Hollywood facts is here. This is I think a little hasty and invited by Angela Lansberg. People are greater with a nozzy old bag for murder. She wrote, but may forget that she gave one of the most delightfully sinister performances ever as Lawrence Harvey's evil mom in the Menchurian candidate. Hey, that's correct. As to the mother, but you may be thinking of Agnes more. And I do that every damn time. I'm a man. I may not be good, but I'm consistent. I'm consistently full of crap. Yeah, that's because of that first stroke you had. That might be the bad one. Right. This one was no picnic either, believe me. It was a pulmonary, what do they call it? Pulmonary embol is no there. It was cuts off the, you know, a little luck. It's in you on cuts off the oxygen. You're brain for a few seconds. And like, like, what? More, but I just say more head. Hey, everybody wants more head, even Agnes. Yeah, Agnes more had played her mother. And Doria. Right. Splendid when the grass was the horny team movie that Warren Vady was in, right? Also, please consider for list, Ingrid Bergman, it says no young man ever saw those eyes and didn't whack off at least once. We already got her on there. And in fact, we've got her tied to the stake. And we're going to make it like medium well. And from my girlfriend, Ashley Judd, good choice. It says in my being overly understanding what she has to leave her when Ashley Judd appears on the screen. In other words, this is Sean and Hollywood when he sees Ashley Judd, he pulls his head. But here's what it says. How about Kate Jackson or Tom Cruise? Yeah, they've both got a pretty, but I'm putting Kate Jackson down. What do you think Tom Cruise? Hey, Tom. We don't, we don't have any way of provenable. We just think you're gay. Okay, because you've had too many press conferences to the contrary. We don't know what for sure. And we're certainly out of sorting it. But there are those people believe you're gay. Okay, Tommy. Tom. What a silly guy. He just turned out to be a silly goose. And I think most of us like Tom Cruise in the beginning, you know? Right. And he was kind of like, I believe he wasn't some fun movies and frisky business was cute and that losing it. And you know stuff like that, I never took him seriously as an actor. Right. Until. But we kind of liked him. He was kind of a likable goofball. And once he started holding his 5,000 press conferences and so in everybody's business said he's a fag, you know, it's sort of a little bit suspect. How is the pull coming? Glad you asked. Who is or was the most beautiful actress on TV or in the movies? Grace Kelly 56. Marilyn Monroe 21. Kelly very 15. Liz Taylor 15. 13. Ford Derek 11. Denise Riches only has nine George. Yeah. And Jordanne Brewster also has nine George. What? What? She went up late. Remember that was the same. I went down late. Rack Hill Wells eight rhymes with great and late. Angelina Jolie seven. Sophia Lorenz six. He's got a do better than that. Katherine Hepburn and Barbara Eden and Katherine Zeeve Joneses have five. Jennifer Lopez four for the Puerto Rican crowd from the I like the big ask crowd which means your people as well. I'm sure Jennifer Conley four Linda Carter three. Cherries Theron Charlize Cherries. What about Sid Cherries? Who? You know, even though who from Sid Cherries do you see that goes to show you about a punk you are. Yeah. Charlize Theron's got three and then four Audrey Hepburn who still did. She's only got a pair and then it's a small potatoes after that. I want to change my vote because I just backs to you a name that's on the way. Yes, I'm going to say that. Yeah. Vivienne Lee. Vivienne Lee? From gone with the wind. Was the most beautiful actress on TV or the movies was Vivienne Lee? Possibly. Okay. L.E.I.G. H. by the way, Carlos or whoever's right in these down. Vivienne Lee. I still say let's put pinky Lee on one of these. He couldn't crack the list yesterday. And I got one on here that nobody mentioned yet which is definitely got to be on there out of equal time. Susan Day. I like you. I like. I'm not accepting. I don't really care what you think. Susan Day. Cause in my day believe me. Everybody watched the partridge family because they wanted you to see David Cassidy or Susan Day and then he wrote. I thought she was hot. Susan Day. The EY plus I feel bad for her because she got beat up all the time. Or she at least she always looked like she was better than abuse and plus the fact that she was still as a complex. So in the fact that he had much better hair and she did. Let's see. Here's one. I see somebody planted the seed in your mind. Yeah. Speaking of seed. How about petty Duke? Not just a joke. I was going to say more than you. How about Brett Summers? Nothing. Let's see. Here's Vivienne Lee also was blacked in her mother's wife. That's what I was going to say. Yeah. I thought Audrey Hepburn was dead and Catherine Hepburn was alive. Oh, that's right. And alive and twitching in New York City. Maybe Catherine Hepburn is alive. I better look that one up Carlos. Little venerable. Audrey is dead. That's what we said. No, no, Catherine. We want you to look. Audrey is dead. Don't be dancing on her grave for crying out loud. I started to get like mo. Catherine. She did rely. I like seed. That's the fact she's right. They got through Thom on it. It's just so glad to be able to listen to you while at my boring jobs. She's Donna and Del Ray Beach. Sanky Donna. And you got your Thom on it. She said that all the accurate information. So Catherine Hepburn is still alive and twitching in New York. That's terrible. Is that? You're going to have to play that bit again now. Oh, not this one. And now the sound of Jimmy's stories. No one can love the Catherine Hepburn. Oh, what an out of it. Oh, you know what you're doing. Oh, you're going to have to. Oh, you're going to have to. Oh, you're going to have to. Oh, you're going to have to. Oh, you're going to have to. Oh, you're going to have to. Oh, I don't know. Oh. I'll pay it. Oh, come on. People, I get confused. Speaking of Aubrey and Catherine Hepburn. Not that I confuse them, but just as far as that are alive. Is the two sisters. Lin and Vanessa Redgrave. Okay, because one of them we like, which I think that's Lin. All right. And Vanessa is the one who's like she's busy protesting the war. But she's also like the, I don't know what. She's just a rebel ruser. Pinko bitch. Okay, if I got those right or not. Yeah, but I don't know which is which I don't know what one of the rabble rals are See, that's what I'm trying to say. Lin red grape who I think used to be on a pyramid all the time with dick Clark. Yeah. Hey, here's the little promo we got here promo from the homo The QM panel be added Verizon wireless this afternoon five to six PM at one 58 11 pines bullet of ardent Pemberg pines And now car my gal. I'm sure is gonna be involved in this right? Yes, and I want to make sure they understand what I said promo from the homo It was from and not for because he gets very very upset He's very macho. He's got a girlfriend. They got a new dilemma. He's he's screwing his brains up and et cetera He's having a lot of sex on a mattress most of it alone Stopped when sports tickets register when tickets to upcoming Marlins home game the sack to noon, Verizon wireless 150 11 pines bullet of our Pemberg pines five till six Miguel will be there and good luck you What do they got to win? Oh tickets to a Marlins home game Like I said he'll be I'll do them by himself again Only you wanted to see some Marlins games. Don't you you talking to near Carlos? My phone rang moments ago, which is very exciting because you want to know what that means package there's a package for me downstairs Not exciting. Yeah, it's always exciting when you get something could be some drugs Could be another great CD Could be another vulca Brian original like Oh That ain't it What was that Oh, it's not how it's David idea like like I said yeah, I wasn't thinking of that one at the moment Anyway 1053 we got the Grace Kelly with 60 Merlin Monroe I'm kind of like stalling for time here because I want to see what intact are on 400 bucks Ons blicks if you want to get our live on this he says they need more inspectors to ensure doing a good and throw job All this is not at all what ill president. He wanted to hear him be saying is allowed to determine He says a significant Iraqi e-eppertical operate is underway They've made greater steps to disarm but recently question marks remain but How many are 400 type bombs were produced in this as another matters? The inspection work is moving on and may yield results budget just man doing it That's for colon pal just said oh not too happy 567. Oh 560 560 on the AT&T line here's Miami. Hello Neo, are you sure great? I got a fireport. I got Ricky Martin here doing a video in North Miami out of sort of all places. You believe that oh my god Wow It's nothing That low this she we did look that bad. I Don't know if he looked at Babyshire does that's why I was talking about Okay, thanks a lot, Pal. I have a great day Ricky Martin. She's looking at mess without the makeup on boy Have you ever seen her without any makeup man looking really nasty 567. Oh 560 pump Oh, I guess what I was in one of my favorite Italian restaurants here there was his shouldn't be and that's stuff But I was and they were playing Luis Miguel again in the background We were that the least Miguel was not only big in his spank but also in a tiny and he was singing like in Spanish I believe I wasn't paying that much attention but it was definitely him Greatest voice in the history of the world. There is nobody even close to Luis Miguel That's not my opinion that is a fact Don't pay any attention about George tells you anybody else that is a fact the greatest voice in the history of mankind I'm not talking about whether he can sing or not at least you didn't say he's a lounget Well Yet Here's West Palm Beach hello. Yes, sir She was good looking then she still is a much better looking than her daughter. Tippy Hedron Tippy Hedron was in the bird's beautiful. Yeah, she does a lot of work with My is a tiger's a big refuge in California. Yeah, she's a big holiday group Yeah, okay, you quit while you're ahead No, she's been having well that's her daughter who she know that. Who is Millie Griffin is better looking in Tippy Hedron though the other way that's what we're trying to say see how he's trying to mess with me again I saw that gaslight movie. I'm telling you Any good bird one was in there speaking of England Charles Boying They just don't make the actors like that anymore. You know who is a great actor which nobody's been a no except a few old parts book a brim on a long time But Lionel at will He played professor Moriarty and some of the Sherlock Holmes Okay, there were several different professor Moriarty's but he was very distinguished looking thin face He was on that horror movie. I was telling you about what double a ghosty the other day The Spanish Dracula movie no no they would they a horror movie with a Bella Lagouthi Which was one of the strangest most bizarre. I wasn't that driving I was either there on screen TV I just keep repeating all these for you No, because you can't see I So I'm a shining stuff to like about 20 some odd degrees here. It's beautiful man Got the window cracked a little bit cut some fresh air tons blitzes sand but I beat bad a boop But I was the one I had said to resolution 1441 But I'm a week is performing work under several resolutions of the security council The courtly report before you is submitted in accordance with a solution 1284 Which not only created on the lake you know for guidance named for a gun that's Swedish I got a name like Hans you know. It's a lot easier to leave the Hans part. Mm-hmm if you follow my drift 1057 at 5.62. I'm a got a mad dog from Darrell Hank from Darrell and then we got 10 minutes a day there at 6.50 this afternoon Why do you And that's why I think that gentle have a gym beanship season the jet and would I tell you you don't talk to like say you can talk? This is the beast. I said shut up. That's all but you're like a father to me. You don't talk to lamb done talking when I'm done talking then you talk Okay, I mean come here come here. I want you to meet a friend of mine mr. Guff Club Why I Gonna kill you the business and then it's they coming This court sentences you're too 20 years in ours Would you invoke I had to attack off my mattress look like we'll be your bookmates The names more holidaymen star is stage screen and paradise what's your big old me coffee You got so panless. Thank you So hard real I'm gonna make you my one Child God 10 minutes. Oh, it was to be safe the need you both No, no, I knew in the blaue But hey, so good Okay You know who I am All right, but I expect a written apology I might just put that broom in a book I'll check the front The one I'll see you now. Thanks Well mr. David Well, then jack jack ordered how can it help you see more than yeah Keep getting raped The dead Joe is a thattosh Jolloc is who it right away. Thanks a wooden some about time some plug it is out drop your pack Drop your bath this is odds favors don't come to you 1102 at 560 in case you tuned in late you miss some real fireworks before our show this morning Wouldn't have hurt him on the anyway no matter who it's some of the fall out of it though Out there at the rail the most exciting thing has happened during the entire throughout tournament this week was the big brawl between the rain and the mole myster Too bad we don't have the audio from that you know we probably of course you'd probably take a week to put all a beach into it before asshole It was nest you asshole, so he's evidently alienated the very last person to building who might actually even speak to him voluntarily and just Pistor off big time and it all kind of cost to come it's about how she was suck it up to fan Hank out there It's set of been so on but wouldn't take your a him Well if you were hurt anybody else, would you take your a him? If I don't think by his ever in behavior in the last year I think there are a lot of people would like to take your a him if you can't find drift Anyway, here's the fact that says how about Nikki Cox for the poll said Jason? Yes, she was the hot red head and The on the sitcom unhappily ever after also had her own show called Nikki or nokey on the WB Says George and oh she has George already said Okay, Nikki's Cox we got that on their Carlos we do know Now you put these honors he doing oh Carlos has to go through a whole big song in a dancing mailing them, but he's doing it little beiner boy Yes, oh yeah, he's probably put a couple of costic messages on there for airic like I'm doing this better New can and all that stuff But I don't forget on the weekend I should mention this since Carlos and I make so much work for ourselves on a weekend And now we put new stories new bedtime stories on our website on a weekend, which we started doing it last week And at a pretty nice response to I bet see bigger this weekend Huh instead of just being lazy and leaving the same damn dated stories on there Which is no good especially the kind of stuff that's happening in the world now So you can count on every Saturday and Sunday except on our vacation when George is too lazy to do it Saturday and Sunday you'll get new bedtime stories on neo-writers.com She also boss and I have two packages not one but two packages downstairs Why should go down right now get him you know? Okay, no I'm not gonna do that I have to get dressed you have to play some long bunch of crappy. Oh, God a faigy disco crap right Oh, shake your shake shake your booty. He's speaking right now. Do you end Something shake your booty He's can do a shake my hand with will you kill that crap already to talk it up? I'm not gonna do it A woman who slipped on dog feces and her Durank a while she was shopping at pet smart store in Frankfurt Kentucky Uh deserves a jury trial they can tuck a coat of appeals rule today She slipped on dog crap The boom circuit court granted pet smart a summary judgment in September 2001 and dismissed Vicki Jenkins claim that Stir owners were negligent in her fall. Oh God did she fall from it or in it? Oh Jackins had testified in the original case that she shot in the store at least once a week for about six years and never Encouided animal feces or urine on the floor and after urine's too suede them She told the court on April 23rd 1999 April 23rd She was shopping at the store was not looking where she was going when she stepped in the feces and slept Pet smart argue that because Jenkins acknowledges the feces were out in the open and she could not say how fresh it was They should not be They should not be responsible for her fall how fresh it was you stick a turkey thermometer in it Oh my god to determine the freshness on sale today fresh feces Which species from the canine species? Disturals some maintain that since he had shot there for so long she should have been aware that Animals were printed to walk around with their owners of course any animal every non I mean not like a horse that just looks at stale and does a big number but a dog every non him Little more obvious this girl also maintain that since he had yeah The appellate court disagreed with the circuit court decision dismissed the case in a three to zero decision The court ruled that there are enough questions that a duration decide the outcome of the case It is holy reasonable for a customer to be pursuing merchandise on shelves lining the aisles through which he is walking Instead of focusing solely on the surface beneath her feet the court rule additionally pets marks duty To keep its premises in a reasonably safe condition must be examined. Let's go examine their duty You first and evaluate in a lot of the special nature of the risk the customer safety inevitably created by the presence of Animals they said what talk about a big semis man give her a few bucks and just cut the crap already We didn't go clean and I thought you're at it. God Kind of stuff that people get involved in you know it's enough to make your upshot interviews 567560 pound 560 180 D and Verizon line here's girl cables hello And you're how you doing this morning all right all right. That's good. I two things first you see that for yesterday about any Democrat versus Bush Yeah, I talked to I talked about that anybody would win. Yes. That was great and Second of all I have three women for you first you remember Christian I obligate from a married with children Yeah, Betty Boop and Thank you for saving I mean not very good steady page and Daisy for and okay, all right. Thank you. Thank you. What do you say? These are the point is Betty Boop. I don't think Daisy front has been in a movie As you've been on TV he's been hosting shows does that count? Yes, okay the pole again is who is it was the most beautiful actor on TV or in the movie? He's on TV so there you go and what about Carmen We put in her honor Carmen Miranda no, that's it's just joke Christina Applegate. Yeah, Daisy front has And Betty Boop and Betty Boop who is in a movie with the Joanna Brewster, Jordana Carvindee is oh Carmen Diaz you want to put her on her. I don't think so you do me not not a big fan of hers I mean I like her personally and she's a good character in movie Yeah, but I'll think she's like a ravishing beauty or nothing Carmen Diaz her name is Cameron Diaz Carmen Sorry, yeah What's wrong with you little beiner boy got her unit yet Cameron Diaz the letter they took away your spot under the overpass 567. Oh 560 Pond 5 yeah, that's really something with the other homeless people won't share with you the spots under the overpass They kick your ass out. They take away your permit the jealous of my genius Here's for a lot of Dale hello Hello Yes, sir the morning meal. How are you great? I have a name for the Delage broke her head from each channel who is it broke Burke from the each channel? She can't Allen Burke And I'm surprised George didn't recommend Jackie Johnson Yeah, how come I'm about what's wrong with a weather babe Jackie does and I want to change my vote Okay, thanks a lot pal. I want you out, right? You did it. Thanks. Hey, there's a lot sharper you are tell you that how could you leave all Jackie Johnson? Mavios the other side out of my you don't watch channel seven news. I'm sure no only will he did you sure wouldn't admit to it Jackie Johnson channel seven news, but what a babe. Mm-hmm. Brooke Burke Cameron Diaz Christina Applegate Daisy Fuentes Nikki Cox those are the most recent editions. How they how's the pull coming As we continue putting it together like an director said 249 and look at all the ones that have zero so far. Oh That's sad Jane Russell doesn't have any She used to have two big ones yeah That's what I was in the nerve and Margaret Jean Ternay broke shields and grid Bergman. Oh, these all have none and lots more or two Actually, Judd Vivian Lee. How can you say Vivian Lee? Oh come on you didn't see gone with the wind I was several times She was beautiful Susan day when his palter or tippy headrun They all of those have none Zero even when she was older. Oh, I got good news Mackenzie Westmore Sheridan from passions got one. Oh This is my challenge which I've been challenging you for months and you just refuse to do it because you know I'm gonna be right Is to watch passions and facting else something watch it today she goes he's on a lot today Okay, I yesterday I saw the one that you'll see today and be CB between two and three. Okay, she's on a lot today I think Okay, you'll you'll lower her right away. You won't have to turn the audio on It will not be Tabas of the witch by the way that will not be here and you will also get to see Tabas of his body parts flying all around is she comes on glued which parts all of them are Head her legs they're all like they all come because she's a witch I K has to K has to go on the book as spells and find the right spell to put her body back together again But anyway Yes, what's a silly show Mackenzie Westmore Sheridan from passions got one Kim Novak Kristen Kruck and Eva Gardner each have one Is the bellabros a leanies got a pair Medley woods got a pair their float not there in the it's sea In fact, you know something I'm surprised that they didn't keep her a drift for a while Phoebe hates Linda Carter each have three Ha ha ha, hey, I got news for Robert Wagner in his day boy And those days, he was a lot prettier than she was than eddy wood The young Robert Wagner. Oh Charlie Stevens got four Michelle five for five. I'll be happy. We're five Katherine Hepburner still alive. She's got five she loads got five Jennifer calmly's got six Angelina, Chilise got 8 Barbara eating Satan. She's really great don't be late I Understand things change it again just what I think I'm getting caught up Angeline Julie's got nine and Catherine's you to Jones nine Jordan and Bruce just got ten. Oh, I want to commend this audience. I'm finally getting their ass together, okay Jordan and Bruce just got ten she is so goddamn beautiful that I'm telling you you'd like to like Just have several meals right off her ass. Yeah, you too. Well, I'm thinking about it. All right So feel around ten. I'm gonna beat that beast to the punch. Okay, and of course clearance forget about him I think clearance is Unic Bode Derek 14 Elizabeth Taylor 15. Raquel well 15 and he's Richards 15. Oh, no Jordan and Bruce is only got ten and that Denise Richards 15. I think you make in the phony votes Yeah, Halle Berry in 19 mirror minimum road 25 and Grace Kelly 62 The beautiful unbelievable Grace Kelly Before more princess of Monaco She died then That close to show you when you drive in your little sports car real fast on the year on the mountains I'll let me know what time yeah Does know what happened her? Yep She drove her out of the edge just like what's it? They like James Dean right only she smelled a lot better and he'd like you're into that Here's a lady in Palm Beach, hello Uncle Neil. Yes, man. How you doing? Belated happy anniversary. Thank you so much. Can I change the subject a minute sure go ahead? How do you like the noon and poop chain wheel with some guiding light much better? Isn't he cute? Oh, yeah, he's like a real human being the other one. Looks like he can't offer spaceship The motion I don't know what his very strange your Batman lips. I think this one's really cute. He's go he would do Yeah, and who do you think the stalker is? Well, we know it's not a living right because he's in jail. So can't be Do we think that maybe was Richard? I mean not Richard. I mean what's his name? Edwin. I don't think it's Edwin. I think it's Edwin. I think every day. I think it's somebody different Well, it's so it would be too obvious to be Alexander and when they thought it was Holly I can't well it can't be Holly because they think of Holly Can I tell you who it is it just dawned on me? Who? What's the Butler's name because we never saw they never paid any attention then before we use their names But no one no one no one no one no one no one no one no one no one no one no one no one no one no I'm telling you the Butler don't I even thought maybe it was Lizzy because when that call came from the Spawning Man to the other day Lizzy just happened to be home from boarding school. Yeah, you know that could be it But I didn't think it was Holly, but now it might be Holly because I think she's leaving the show Is she really up for all these years? Yeah, you'll notice speaking of Lizzy by the way It like all of the other kids on soap opera She was about four years old one day and like a week later She was 12 and then about two weeks later She's like 19 and you'll hot now so you know now the different Lizzy every week right About so Holly is leaving the show. Well, I Red and soap I just that she's gonna be on a recurring status, which means we might see her once in a great while I'll be Dan. She's an honor for about five hundred years. I know I think of all the people on that show right now She's been on there to longest I think so yeah Cuz she's the original Holly with Roger Thorpe and all that to business right Oh and Neil Jordan a bruster used to be on the world terms Right exactly this right this right first song. That's when the real beautiful blonde Michelle was unguiding Like remember that Michelle. Yeah, oh my children. Is she really? They get around in fact, you know who else is on one of the shows which I saw yesterday is the kid that used to play Billy Lewis Billy Lewis oh You're kidding the one kind of squishy looking on me. No, look on one have a great day See now sure that boards a lot of people. I want to bet we don't care We don't care that was very refreshing was a breath of fresh here to me Georgia rather heard about punky bruster He likes punky pie 11 15 and five sixty WCM Holly's leaving guiding lights. You just learned that that's that's worth the price of your mission I'll tell you another place where it's worth the price of admission. That's Emerald Coast Chinese buffet In the fact this weekend why not take a whole bunch of folks give them together all your friends both of them and Everybody else you know ahead for one of the Emerald Coast locations and have a real feast You'll find them in sunrise north Miami Beach in the brand new Emerald Coast in Pembroke Pines They've got six different kinds of stoop's a stoop's and Soaps and you can try any of more all of them if you like sample dozens of succulent entrays They've got all kinds of good stuff chicken and beef dishes and seafood and all kinds of vegetarian stuff Or you know surfing turf on weekends near stiff steak made you order in the gourmet center of a sizzling Asian grill Featuring all the good stuff that you're looking for a teriyaki steak shrimp chicken seafood handcar of permit like I said cook to your order And you'll walk out there with a smile on your face at a big feeling of fullness in your public No headache because they don't use any MSG or cornstarch and they use only the best cholesterol Freewars and other cookin too. They're buffet at the Amal Coast features a full salad bar New sushi bar fresh-room cocktail and the famous lobster festives back at Amal Coast Featuring lobster thermometer and lobster biscuits well if you have any room left at all Which will be a miracle but it's well worth it fill it up with some goodies from the dessert bar Amal Coast Pines cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit What a perfect ending to a gigantic pig out? Amal Coast you'll find them in sunrise Pine Island at 44th Street They're on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd north Miami Beach and at the intersection of the Minguan Pembroke Grows in Pembroke Pines they accept reservations take out and would be available to call 9-5-4 5-7-2-3822 tell Richard that old Neil told you to call the Amal Coast for a fantastic delicious feast 9-5-4-5-7-2-3822 I Local your score 20-5-60s uMA P headache hot? tteokbokki.boy Oh Big red bring Really is watered inside Close my ass, feels like it's all fire It feels like my ass is all fire I'll have to give it all of those inflatable times Because it's burned, burned, burned It's blacked up like my ass is all fire My ass is all fire I'll have to watch the thing that break a good dude Is sport through the oath of truth I'm burning pro, which is always games As it shoots from out of your ass Oh my god, it feels like my ass is all fire I'll have to give it one of those inflatable times Because it's burned, burned Like my ass is all fire My ass is all fire It feels like my ass is all fire I'll have to give it one of those inflatable times Because it's burned, burned, burned My ass is all fire, my ass is all fire My ass is all fire My ass is all fire I'm 21 at 5.60 WDQAM Anybody in the room is almost everybody dropped off of the soap opera talk Oh no, I hadn't noticed, now that you mentioned it though Oh yeah, a whole bunch of people dropped off You know what, we don't really care They'll come back, we just had a clean it out a little bit Here's the lady in high allia, hello Hi Neil Yes, man It's great to hear you standing so good and stop flirting around with those strokes They're no fun I know I just wanted to comment on Sheridan, you're absolutely right, she's gorgeous Isn't she? She doesn't have a pimple on her She's really beautiful, but you know what I think that they could be our secret weapon That girl could wield a roll of duct tape like nobody I ever saw Ha ha ha ha Oh that's right, now you're going to see today the one that I saw yesterday What? Where she dresses up as the nurse to sneak into Kills Sheridan at the end of the show And you're going to be amazed, she's got a white wig on You're just going to be astonished when you see her She takes speaking of the duct tape Old Ma, Mrs. Waller, she finally got She finally went over to the phone, but Beth came in and turned to intercept her She sure she could make the call And at the end of the show she puts all the duct tape back over her Pussycat and shovels her back in the room And she's all dolled up as the nurse now, she's a lovely thing She's too much, she's the most murderous in the witch I guess she must be a good actress because I can't stand her Yeah, you know, it's time is going on, you know, it's how much more evil she's becoming Yeah, she really is, you know what? That's the one I want them to catch and I hope Hank catches her because she thinks he thinks that she is such a sweet little thing Yeah, I'd like to catch him Yeah, he ain't bad, I wish they had to replace the original Ethan Oh, amen, this this Ethan is stiff as it gets Yeah, he is Have a great day You too, take care of yourself Okay, okay, we're doing soap opera talk on the mirror round your show You get really pissed off, too bad. What? We had a good time At least we got a couple of women calling in anyway, all the men are gone, but that's general for love, you what? Whatever, I mean, yeah, sure What? You get some votes, you know, you're always talking about mousey Yeah, you know, the mousey poster child How about Elizabeth, what does this say? I can't read the writing Elizabeth's shoe? Yes Yes, what? Yes, it's Elizabeth's shoe And yes, she's cute How about Andrew's shoe? Who? He was on that show, I'm Melrose Place Never watched it Billy, I'm Melrose Place Well, we're not doing guys anyway, at least you're not Jennifer Gardner Do we know who Jennifer Gardner is? Well, we don't What about Rosanna Arcette? Yeah, she looked good once upon a time Let's put Rosanna Arcette on it Well, they were talking about We're asking these people there opinions And if they want to say it, let's put it on there Give them some to do over the weekend Here's Vanessa Williams for one of our Schwarzscher listeners Definitely, definitely put Vanessa on there Jennifer Gardner That's from Alius, by the way Okay, that's why I don't know And did she belong on there or not? A lot of guys think she's great A lot of her name, Nancy, about Jennifer Gardner Jennifer Gardner is it or Gardner? Whatever Well, we'll figure it out I'll find it Okay, yeah, yeah, but you will And I think it's Vanessa L Williams Because of that sack-loft suit All of you stuff You can't refer to her as that, the other woman also Vanessa L Williams And also says Dorothy Danridge, a close second Do you remember Dorothy Danridge? I do, I saw that movie I remember her name, I don't remember what movie was that The rest of her soldiers in it or something Oh, and it says, oh, yeah, how about that two pack? Number three with a bullet, so I'm going to put this Cool, excellent, very good Oh, this is bad, this is not so very good Tennessee investigates a apologize for gathering Protesters names So American The head of the state's top law enforcement agency Apologize yesterday for an agent who gathered Protesters names that are peace rally in Nashville I extend my apologies to the people in this case Larry Wallace directed the Tennessee Bureau of Investigations said to her in his conference at the agency's headquarters Information collected at the Wednesday rally about 300 people in Murphy'sboro will not be retained, he said Wallace said the age in the 17 year veteran is being re-assigned within the criminal investigative unit He's worked hard on a lot of good work But I don't know what he was thinking Well, I said TV officials pointed out the agent had violated no laws The rally at Middle Tennessee State University Concentrated with the books dot bombs demonstrations On 230 high school and college campuses across the country I'm like, we talked about that books dot bombs And the students are walking out And just like a lot of the companies are saying that You went right now, Gornish, Telfin, in any language 26 past 11 at 560 WQAM 560 Pomp 560 on the AT&T line Who was the or was the most beautiful actress on TV or in a movie Today Grace Kelly way ahead She's a hunger line said she's like secretary at the Belmont And opening up distance on Maryland Monroe Interesting to see two dead rods like that in a Yeah, I know for race You know for years I've been telling about the health benefits of Oliomet I'm popping it every day I must tell you my blood pressure is a lot better It's either because I'm feeling I don't know but it is The stuff works. Oliomet soft tells contain pharmaceutical grade Olive oil not just ordinary olive oil not just the regular stuff But super concentrated olive oil Olioliva Lodewood health benefits for you see See how much better I saw now? With health. Oliomet every day can produce The risk of heart disease in high cholesterol Plus there are 14 different Oliomet formulas for you to choose from Each one combining pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins Minibles and Rebels to support specific needs of your health From bones to blood pressure to your immune system Just pick out the formulas that are right for you And now there are three new Oliomet formulas One to help you sleep. What help you control your weight and coq10 for your heart You'll find Oliomet at more and more stores because more and more people are like pop it at every day Pits them up today at public's Ekred's Walgreens Whole Food Markets Navarro or Saddamo's order at online If you like it Oliometamerican.com If you want to get some more info column and ask away call 1-866-Oliomet That's 1-866-6533-633 My life and love this is for 25-50 You're waiting to hang way in there Oh my god, your breath's are beautiful Oh yeah, let's play some protest songs, what do you say? Okay I changed my mind Well, give me green barrels and put it stay on Oh, they need a glass of medicine to hold Chug them down, they don't go down tight I can keep drinking out of screw on night Next morning, something's not quiet right in Something feels funny inside of me Oh, I'm feeling what's green and so is not me There and the bathroom making great water I went through the doctor to see what's the matter The express showed that I got a green liver Oh, I'm feeling what's the matter It's the only thing that's been in the day or what Free my shelter, the pair of dogs I know it goes against actors, I know I got no wish To remain sober, my mind is working I'm drinking alone in the dark, even a little while I'm up a 32 to 560 WQA, I'm so anyway, moral overrun Somebody says from bothering heights, yeah, she's on there now Okay, and it says in Jennifer Lopez and Daisy Fuentes are actresses Question Mark, well, we had debated that and we decided what the hell No, not actresses, but they're on TV, yeah, there you go Well, the poll question does say we're movies, yeah, well, it says actress But that's close enough for us and what about Brigitte Bardot? Can you believe it took this long before somebody said Brigitte Bardot? I thought of her Well, let's get her answer on there And see, I try to get this spelling right So I looked up Marlene and Dietrich because I'm pretty sure it's like MRA or L-E-N-E, right? And I look up, I do a search and it's spelled both ways Marlene and with an E and Marlene and with an A The I-E-T-R-I-C-H, by the way, for a little beiner boy there When he goes to look at them, I mean you can spell it, huh? Get her on there right away, immediately, not sooner, thank you 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line Don't forget to cue and vandal be out of Verizon, Marlese, this afternoon 5-6 McGill will be in it Looking real pretty And 5-811 lines of Boulevard and Pepper Pines stop out of wins sports tickets And register Ah, oh god, that's what it says, it quotes sports tickets And register when tickets do it up coming Marlene's home game If you're really desperate, got nothing to do Here's my N-E, hello Hello Yes sir You know, how you doing? Great I got a couple of choices for your pole over here Okay One of the ones in Old School, I don't know if you have her up yet, but Audrey Hepburn She's on there and she's dead I know Neil, the other one will be that girl who's on small, they'll play Lanna Lane, Christian Crick Christian Crick Yeah, her She's on there And listen, Lanna, from Charm Okay, one, two, three, and bad thanks Thanks, Neil Okay, I'll listen, Lanna Okay, okay, okay Got her, got her I'll listen, Lanna I just like seeing that It's like 60, 705, 60,уг, 560 on it Just like, Beth and Nive So how are they doing there at the end? We're a little bit scared To pursue peace and to prevent war Those appeals were crowned by a message That the Ministry of the Holy Seek carried to the American President A couple of days ago in which he considered clearly That war against Iraq is illogisting it, and unjust Oh, it's from Syria this guy's in the Syrian, our good friends, the Syrians, Squared Squared. Sorry, I'm our good friends, the Syrian's done. Read a Hayward. Now, probably this one is their name wasn't a Hayward, it's a Hayward. Read a Hayward. And I think that some old time is what agree with that. Read a Hayward? What is Hayward? About a nickel? About 30, man. Eight bucks. And Jacqueline DeSett. But there's so many, you know what? You're not going to believe this. What's on in here? Jacqueline DeSett. And now he's having one. Just by watching. I'm telling you, man, I'm telling you that it's a sick building down there. Yeldey, I noticed is sick today again. Did you hear him this morning? Squeak and even worse than usual? And everybody in there is season and weason and coffin and choking and gagging on it. It's a sick, sick. Yeah, we only got six thousand names on list. That's a good point. That we should put as many as we possibly can. We need to get hostile. You asshole? Five six seven. I'll qualify the 60. Maybe we ought to put Doreen on list. Which here's Pembroke Park, hello? Pembroke Park. Is gone? Can't possibly be. I guarantee you there's somebody in Pembroke Park, hello? Not there, huh? You know that they're there. Port Charlotte, hello. Port Charlotte? Wow. Is the phone pot open? Are we on the air? Let's try four louder than him. We'll just go home, hello. Full louder than him? Yes sir, see you at damn an I am home. Yes. Hello, hello. How are you doing? How are you? Great. Hey, this fall from the line to the next millennium. And then there's no, there's an animal's foot that beautiful women. Yeah. Is there any caveat to this in other words? Beautiful as the first, as opposed to like sexy, like winter, but no. Was sexy, sexy, but she was the most beautiful. Let me read it again. Who is or was the most beautiful actress on TV or in the movies? I think that speaks for itself. My nomination is Jacqueline Smith, the original Charlie Zanks. Right. But is it Jacqueline? Jacqueline Smith. Right. She had unbelievable face. Even you would love it. Okay. Okay. Thank you so much. We have her under and we have somebody else. Somebody else. We had a. Oh, we had a. Well, now we got Jacqueline Smith. And I know this wouldn't go over big, so I'm not going to say it. No, because she really looks bad. Yeah. But it hates her like poison that crazy. Perfect. I'm sorry, I didn't say it. You only thought I said for us, faucet. Hey, once upon a time, she was considered to be real glamorous. Yeah. But there must have been a long, long time ago. But then again, look at Liz Taylor. Not now I won't. Well, not close to lunchtime. No. She's got 17 votes. And the reason being she'd have a lot more than that, if people remember like, wasn't that, will be black velvet, right? Wasn't that with that life with father or something like that? Yeah, something like that. It was some crap like that. Who's in life with father? Robert Young? Right. Or somebody. I think it's Robert Young. I don't think so. But his Robert Young, Robert Young's dead, by the way. Your story on these names you're on for Book of Brands benefit. The 560, 50560, palm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. Wireless one. We got to play the thin man. For the series of movies called Ray Innis. It was? I don't know. Anyway, that's a five-man. Yeah. Famous movies. I never saw it. Ray in my land. Yeah. The invisible man. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi. How about Heather Lockelear and Pamela Anderson? But Heather Lockelear is great. And he slammed the phone down after you made a, yeah. How's he? Heather Lockelear. I'm going to put Pam Anderson on there. I don't give her crap what you say. I guarantee that if you had $10 for every guy that used to watch Baywatch when she was Anderson, we're close to the TV with his joint in his hand. I guarantee you'd be retired right now. See, no response. Because you know, it's true. I'm reading this great article that Jeff Hygis gave me all facts. Right to you. Heather Lockelear and Pamela Sue Anderson. Pamela Skank. Pamela Skank Anderson. We're going to work on there right away. Get him on there. Don't have it up. Name's on list Carlos. Get him on there. Don't pay any attention to this man. What's this article from Fat Boy about? And speaking of Fat Boy, where's my new bed? You, you, tub a crap. You know, it's how they're all going to do this. And I'm not saying it won't show up on these days because, you know, but we're get him involved. Oh, and the Dow is up 22 points. Oh, oh, oh, we're good at it. And then as that's down only two and a half points. Make it a big comeback after those grotesque economic numbers came out a 30 this morning. Bad employment numbers. Bad everything. Consumer confidence yesterday. And they said you can't complain about consumer confidence because there is no need. And stuff like that. I think maybe the reason that the market has turned around a little bit is because they're watching the you and the, the bait that's going on. All the corporation. I was clear as they are. Thank you. We're still there. The British and Batherer to the United Nations are Jeremy Greenstock. With once again, a very tough line suggesting that the British and US governments are not going to wait much longer. A formal proposal we expect from the British government to be announced when Jack Straw the British Foreign Secretary. I think I think it's going to be the last straw. They've got to try to mince Chanson hell. My, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, this is 420 by 64. What do you want to say? Get in stick it. Me, Joe. He's rich. He's handsome. He has great taste in furniture. Andy has 20 beautiful women interested in him. But there's a twist. He's not interested in them. It's Joe homosexual. Foxes, there was reality romance show. See what happens when these lovely ladies try to get Joe at switch teams. But he didn't want to talk to me at all. He just want to see more pictures of my brother. Don't mess. Joe homosexual. We were supposed to have a romantic dinner together alone. But I didn't know he was also bringing clips his friend. And be sure to catch the final episode of Joe homosexual when Joe pops the big question. Sandra. Yes, Joe. Which you. Lead me a cut the loan for a few minutes. Whatever. Joe homosexual. Right after Boston public bath house. Only on Fox. Number 45. I've had it one thing. These two fances. You just sent me a pretty revolutionary first of all. You're going to have to go to the bathroom. You're going to have to go to the bathroom. You're going to have to go to the bathroom. You're going to have to go to the bathroom. You're going to have to go to the bathroom. You're going to have to go to the bathroom. You're going to have to go to the bathroom. You're going to have to go to the bathroom. You're going to have to go to the bathroom. You're going to have to go to the bathroom. You're going to have to go to the bathroom. You're going to have to go to the bathroom. You're going to have to go to the bathroom. You're going to have to go to the bathroom. This is a big fat problem that I have to go to the bathroom. You're going to have to go to the bathroom. It's a big fat problem. I'm like this. I'm like this. Always has been always will be give me that mattress up here. Fat boy quit the steering to pot. What's her? The durt is he don't need you. Steering before he smokes it. Now this other factor. Did you read this? No from Dan. Okay. You got it. I got it. It says that you mentioned the lovely Betty Page. she's never been on TV or she made movies but they were like burlesque movies you know mean that real movie and then you know Daisy Flynn shouldn't be on a see their way to come right down but that's why I was talking she hosts like game shows that America is that actress right don't be like saying vano white right get get around for their Daisy Flynn I'll get around get around and says don't forget Jane Mansfield we don't Dan let's get her honored and also uh maybe van dory's got two good choices there but then the other part of this is so extraordinary shocking it says also I'm most humbly apologize for the extra votes for key westier tonight it shouldn't be the most reviled whole corruption in the known universe that comes from one who used to live in god damn okobi the pull was kind of a catharsis for me says Dan are you following this yet Dan don't do it again Dan who did it with our pull I mean like 150 or extra votes for key west he was banging an all night long ever thanly scoot up all our plans swed up all our plans try but we we're on to him we know nobody could touch my amy is the most overrated city universe speak out of the sopranos James Gandalfini started the sopranos's father complaint claiming HBO breached his contract rate fifth season the newspaper set and the complaint filed the L.A. Superior Court Gandalfini says HBO missed a deadline for advising the actor that his services have been needed for fifth season schedule to begin filming on March 24 this doesn't mean he will not show for work on March 24 Martin singer his lawyer told the daily news for our Friday editions but we'll have to lend him a evaluate what to do we're seeking a declaration from the court that he does not legally have to render acting services for this season the daily news is reporting that Gandalfini words about 400 grand an episode including bonuses is seeking 750 grand an episode a well-time orders the current company of HP and see it and certainly not news where the doctor group that is given bed information on here in the email in this morning fixed them out and i'll never hear anything you know but i felt better doing it you know did you yeah i did i felt better emailing my discussed in this may the fact that he's putting on his horrendous information about pancakes and uh and uh waffles are two great foods for breakfast if you want to keep like steady blood sugar or yeah if you want to keep your blood sugar up to 500 all day that's a good idea and be sure news like lots of extra maple syrup on your flat jacks you idiots so what's the Mexico guy saying which humanity can fully deposit this trust thank you you welcome he said much as grossious and out of your is and i was it i don't think it's looking too good for this resolution so last night like he said we don't need the freaking u in and we're just going to go in anyway and that what he said something like that it's done cedondia let's go a short note they showed a poll this morning on certainly not news the 58 per think was 50 eight to 36 percent if they had a choose between waiting until the u in passes a second resolution 58 percent said let's wait let's have the whole world doing it with our our side and only 36 percent said let the u s go into it alone or like with the brits or whatever the silly assels will do with us how do you like that not looking too great in colon poul looks like he's got a twitch in colon this morning not looking too happy here's highly a hello yeah sir i got to inform you that if you don't put them on hammer will probably be pissed off okay Olivia de Havaland yeah and marino hara okay bride of the upset i know hammer bf said she's he loves uh... Olivia de Havaland yeah maybe kind of cup the beast with her probably i will go away thanks Olivia de Havaland marino hara got those you got Francis oh here who five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen nobody's catching grace Kelly i'll tell you that who is or was the most beautiful actress on tv or in the movies grace Kelly's got seventy votes Hallie burry and mariliman rar tie for second twenty eight rack alvels twenty these Richard nineteen list of nineteen catherin zeta jones eighteen so feel a ran fifteen vote Derek you know if you take one yet a boderek you've got direct bod Derek fourteen barber eaten twelve angelina jolie eleven and Jordan abruosters only got ten oh now she just moved to eleven thank the lord she just hopped up there with angelina jolie but he'd like to see her hop on angelina jolie sure or the other way around either here's a call from poor charlotte hello you know zero yes sir uh the best of all lino hard lino horn was beautiful man and had a great voice always with with lino horn an actress though was he in movies he was in uh scummy weather star me weather excellent choice her thank you she was on the card be show she was on one the cause be show well who cares you you're you're the one to watch the cause be show that was in nobody walks the cause be show black people didn't watch it white people didn't watch it but little beiner boy Carlos watched they had it on the shelter it's not like he had a choice i see she was on the cause be show boy there's a guy if he would just like what his jello put in spice you know we could add over him and i spy with Robert cult that's before your time that was good show i was an anguisher it was pretty weak five six seven oh five there's jack stride colon rollin 41 here's a little bit active an unconditional cooperation in jack stros not a not a leader immediate not passive active not conditional unconditional every respect unfortunately in my judgment despite some of the progress that has been mentioned i still find what i've heard this morning a catalog still of nine cooperation jack stros not in his head so hard that it's about to fall off because he always had colin wolf out those pictures of Tony Blair and uh Prince Charlie doing it yeah i'm telling you and then that picture that billi go hump in the queen you watch he's got the pictures right is uh is uh code pocket we know exist five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line here's four lauderdale hello four lauderdale can this be again i guess it's your good let's try key largo hello me and oh yes sir how you doing great McDonald's uh did you hear McDonald's is taking the uh the front out of french fries yeah one data data one data here's a pop a pop a no hello I have one two uh good great Kelly runs for her money okay ginger from Gilligan's Island ginger from Gilligan's Island Tina Louise is that ginger Rogers? I have no idea who that is five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line they're running a little grim we might have better put colin powla on for a minute you know be military force but i don't think so here's a call from sunrise hello hello yes sir hello what am i speaking do Neil Rogers oh Neil star a stage screen and paradise Neil I called before and i mentioned la red a young what do you think about it you call where you call before what i mentioned la red a young yeah you mentioned the who who did you speak to somebody answered the telephone i don't know he said he would put her on the list with you what do you think he's not putting around let's he lied to you oh okay i say put around there she's yeah if you're already a jibba hundred like us like you and me why not okay thank you be sure and take your medicine you got already young on there we do know she okay then he votes put your running away keep him happy listener Dave says put Katie homes on list her Katie homes mm-hmm who's that no relation to John she's a cutie she's on one of those uh teens shows one of those Dawson's 38 creaks no one goes to be shows Dawson's creaks uh easy view uh everwood uh easy uh this is easy to know she's right okay Katie homes let's get her on there oh you say creaks huh who five six uh oh five sixty lamb chop oh and guess what are these cholesterol busters for you wait till it's right in the middle of lunch time i'm gonna help people with their diet oh and this is a study from the University of Toronto a it said the reductions in cholesterol are surprising instead taking all of those pills that they keep trying to prepare the azocore and uh what are some of the other those statin drugs side effects yeah they have bad side effects but anyways instead of taking those they got an amazing new diet fidgetarian diet and says the reductions in cholesterol are amazing most diet hitchens wouldn't expect a sort of reduction to dietary means whether most people would stick with such a diets in other matter which is because it involves daily okra eggplant and met a muscle among other things that's how good yeah okra eggplant and met a muscle okra it's called the portfolio diet and uh uh the University of Toronto presented his uh findings that a medium army beach yesterday the American Heart Association the research was sponsored by the Canadian government the almond board of California and food companies usually were Canada and lab lab brands so I wish I had a lab lab I'm here was a pretty impressive result he said the bed diet is based on low fat vegetarian regimen that emphasizes food shown individually to be beneficial soy soluble fiber plants sterols and almonds sources of soluble fiber include oats barley legumes eggplant okra and met a muscle some brands of margarine or high-implanned sterols sounds like a winger to me I'm going to go out of our lab laws right now is matter fact what do you think is in my two packages downstairs two pack drugs five six five six three two two two this is the kidney I like to relax by having marimaggle and massage my balls while listening to the new rotters 12 to one hour hey there's a new prescription drug whose name says it all side effect finally a prescription medicine that always gives you more than you'd expect side effect isn't a time you experienced side effects they cause loss of blood loss of hearing loss of virginity vertical impatego impadence imprisonment shrinkage of the genitals enlargement of the genitals softening of the brain softening of the stool loose duels barstoules toast duels huge prehistoric bats whipping out of the sky and eating your dog halitosis highly buried very very very manalore double eating rectal numbness numbnuts chest pains hunger pains dry mouth cotton mouth large mouth small mouth health mouth or death side effects is perfect for everyone not intended for women who are pregnant women who are men men were pregnant children with dogs children with dogs who are pregnant the elderly the young kitty cat steed parry cat poles dad pulls who are pregnant and pregnant pauses in disflamers like these ask your doctor or pharmacist about side effects and find out if it's responsible for the mysterious pustulant growth under your laptop side effects it's a 12 o'clock 12-0 in the big hands on a little hand here at 560 wqm golf stuff heavy duty this afternoon i hope that dog in the hank book it chances to smooth things out of the people of the realm yeah when you think after that grotesque display between moa and dorina's morning having a big braw right there on a god damn course shameful it's a way to mad dog in hankl both the dooners shows it to well i finally figured out what that him and a gap is before the panther game is set chances to spend a certain to turn it off before they realize we got a hockey game on hmm panthers and the trashers in Atlanta night any interest no panthers just fired two coaches brought dwindes on her back bad move bad anyway our pool today we're getting a phenomenal responses usual and we want to have about using we need a few more choices Carlos stop turning oh i think i just noted who is there was the most beautiful actress on tv or in the movies and we've got a list as long as john homes leg header lockleer panel i Anderson are we identifying her as panther said no but say slut i think it's slut i don't know pattyly and hamlet one andersonally i have no idea what she's calling herself panther but you put i just put it on there's pavola Anderson fine grace Kelly who's killing everybody man she is way ahead of course if she keeps going at fast could be bad oh my merlin man row the beautiful Jordan abruster who i don't care what anybody says she is as good as a gets she is as beautiful as a gets Elizabeth Taylor board Derek Hallie Barry Denise Richards jaylo Catherine Hepburn Angelina jolie christie crook who's on smallville Lana who just can't get laid for her lover money she just wants to take a look at it Clark and the spaceship too Audrey Hepburn Linda Carter amazing how many votes we got for our be hyper and well how many votes is she have actually 10 vishy yeah can we just release this into the lady no list reading for a very important bulletin yes hey it's uh it's the beast i actually made it this time i think we're coming to 1230 i got here early just for you you fattava crap and i love you too uh two twenty nine that's not too bad if four pounds less than last time right two mercones said it's two pounds less than last time two twenty ninety started two eighty four so we lost fifty five pounds i really think it's gonna speed up now because i'm getting a personal trainer and everything and it's starting to exercise thing and all that it's about time you fattava crap plus a addition of what you only got the 19 days until your big date yeah we yeah we really shouldn't talk about that yeah why not because i feel like um a patty a tool yeah i feel you know they they put my rush limbo type picture on the website and i don't think it really get me anywhere you mean that huge well how many contestants do we have so far how many entrance do you have any crickets chirping somewhere you mean the big big zero huh i'm not I'm not privy to that information but i see i'm not sure you know maybe maybe can pass some of your sloppovers off to clearance actually that's his idea to be honest with you that was a really idea um sure there's well i got news for if they don't want to touch you what do you think they're gonna want to do with him anybody out there who wants to get laid and fine think you should have started like at ninety one that twenty one if you're on the edge of ninety one and you want one last thing here's your chance right may not be good you may not be able to find it but you're you know what difference i figure some six gonna want to use me for trip to the Bahamas right no you think i mean you think no no no how would they see that picture that was like fifty pounds ago though it's one thing that besides forty two ways it's nothing besides forty two ahead it's a little big it's a little large that's what she said yeah well good luck to you you'll need it some ice-coiner fifty five pounds you're feeling okay i feel great so great well what made you sick we just had the corporate crock like everybody else basically yeah that sort of a flourish type sometimes and listen i'm in the room where i'm here is that if nobody else assigns up a new thing maybe daryne will help you out i think she's busy with howard that's what motel me anyway get out of here so we got Hallie buried in east Richard's jailo Catherine Hepburn um way down here Jennifer Conley wreck i was so feel alright so i'm gonna take me an hour just to read the names on here Barbara Eden charlie star on Catherine's eight of Jones TV Kate's broke shields is about rosalini in grid birdman kimnovac g interny Catherine to new and Margaret Mackenzie Westmore Michelle fiber ava Gardner k jacks naturally jud Susan Dave evian lead to be headwind Nikki cost days if one day we cross to route right yeah get around of there she no actress christina apple gate Cameron Diaz Brooke Burke jackie's johnson your favorite a weather lady Vanessa Williams i'm Vanessa L Williams rosanna archa Jennifer love you it is a Jennifer L. Hewitt yeah whatever Elizabeth's shew Jennifer Gardner jackland Smith Arlene a detrick Merle O'Baron Brigitte Cardo Alicimilano read a hay worth tackle and visit Jesus i gotta turn a page over here i'm gonna headache from this Jane man's field maybe vendor and Olivia the havelin marino herolina horn already young Katie Holmes and Elizabeth Hurley huh a spectacular list if you ask me five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T Carlisce's we can't take more than another forty or fifty names that what you just said right tops here's Miami hello yes sir what's on the it's gonna get a couple of you forgot the off i didn't see his name on the list yeah it's name okay good one yeah five six seven oh five sixty she's gonna be on the butcher list that we're going to do who's the butcher's of the mall okay we're in her case who's the bitchiest of the mall she was really i don't i don't like to be out there at all do you know i mean the Jefferson's was great uh-huh but they should have stopped right there you know all in the family we love we loved everybody on it show um the Jefferson's was sensational in spite of what time jica said but then he like i said should have stopped there and then they had a push it a little further with mod bad no they did tackle some real controversial issues on that show but unfortunately you had to see her on there yeah and him yeah Walter yeah very annoying but Adrian's barbo's made up for all of it oh Adrian's blue barbo's magical bouncing barbo's i must have got about here we put in her on the list yeah whatever no no here's Miami Lake so Miami Lakes yeah hey how you doing here oh here's her take your leash i don't know but who? your leash actually take her off yeah it's gonna last okay okay oh no and that and yes and then we will do that this hour instead of putting more on we'll take some off there you go where you going Carlos come back yeah let's take some of these names off of there probably got too many anyway we're trying to do your favor five six seven oh five sixty dollar let me forget you're in the break I heard close that window gonna start freezing in here and also go downstairs to give my packages and then by the time I get back it'll be one o'clock oh here's a call from pariah and hello and back to you what about Brittany Daniel from joker i don't know if you ever saw that movie Brittany Daniels yeah Brittany Daniels long girl beautiful i don't know if you know that is Carlos you know that is no did he say from joker yeah anybody heterosexual go run joker sure's not Jamie Presley no not Jamie Presley Brittany Daniel okay we got it check it out thanks okay we got it down he sounded like he knew what he was talking about which is more than I can say for some people for watching the TV screens under overpasses without cable five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line be sounded pretty uh distraught over that contest yeah distraught embarrassed uh why do they keep doing things like that well you know in his case I guess he doesn't want to be the guinea pig oh he's got half of that down anyway by the way Brittany Daniels definitely oh you got her picture on the you know website yeah i remember which one she was for that movie all right there you go Brittany Daniels he's on there here's Igor even all the former Mr. of Russia Ruskis lies her piece special responsibility we have at the moment and the choice which we will have to make just we succeed through our joint efforts at resolving the robber crisis for so into the United Nations trucker this of course will have a the hostage effect on our efforts at settling on the did that time into promising this is just an exercises what they're doing you know they said that was tell us that exercises good for everybody although I don't think they'd agree with this one it's just an exercise because when they get to the vote it's gonna be yet nay not good and they'll say okay we get the message now let's start trapping a bombs am I right right here's a call from Kiva's game hello yeah hey you're right there hello speak to me okay you should have different categories lend a love lace for porn yeah that's it TV okay okay thank you you're having to sound sheepish about it lend a love lace I don't and then you's all right okay uh I choose to have a beat up toward the end there a little bit like a skanky at the time you thought at the time she was scabby now you're thinking to hear he rooms hint to linda love lace put a runner Carlis is no idea who that is in fact wasn't Greg Askin at a long time so who's deep throat who's the mole 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line 10 past noon at QM we got the mad dog at one out of derail where there's still clean enough to mess from the foodfight between Mo and the Dorina's morning there are a couple little children heave and crap at each other and when he picks up that bag man mocha really heave some heavy crap if you're still reluctant about ordering a bed over the phone don't be don't hesitate for a second because a lot of a smart people over a million have bottom after so with the phone from bottom afters and hundreds more doing it every week because it's the smart way to do it I've been talking about this in tells you the way to shop for a long time to get you a great night sleep for years to come just when he's he call from right sitting there on your ass that'll do it call 1-800-MATT-RES right now and you'll be guaranteed great night sleep from dollar mattress which I should know because I use them all the time they carry ceilies surges Simmons King Coral every size and style and dollar mattress is right number one in customer satisfaction dollar mattress has more repeat and referral customers than anybody in the universe because they know how to treat your right and you'll be doing business with them the rest of your life don't forget when you buy mattress and dollar mattress they take away the crappy old smelly bedding instead of the brand new and for you for free let me say it again because I know it's revolutionary dollar mattress takes away the crappy smelly old bedding worn out crap and sets up your great brand new one absolutely for free so make the call right now and I'll be knocking on your door whenever it's convenient for you and no time at all and enjoy a great night sleep for weeks and months and years to come call now 1-800-MATT-RES much better all right Mmm. Oh my goodness. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. It's not dripping. Mmm. Mmm. Mm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. 16 at 5.60 WQAM. A class action lawsuit challenges the Constitutionality of 19th century ordinance that bans the use of Lude and filthy words. The suit filed in U.S. District Court Center from the October arrest of Salvador García 17, who was charged with violating the ordinance after flashing gang signs and shouting King Love and Dragon Killer. Ready for that? Okay. Whatever you do, don't say. The fence attorneys Thomas Morsee and Robert Farley said García never made the statements. Morsee said, however, the importance of the case of Stins beyond García because the ordinance has an impact on people's right to speak. This was in Chicago. It allows the unbridled discretion of the police officer to determine what said appropriate word or act by a citizen. He told Wednesday Chicago sometimes. Morsee said the ordinance often is a pretext for arresting people when police have no other reason to do so. During city budget hearings last fall in Chicago figure showed the ordinance against indesendual or filthy acts, brought in $144,000 in fines mostly for public urination, scorch court, the fine corole is turned at bucks. Morsee and Farley said García was arrested while watching TV with a friend and an apartment that was raided by police. The tour we're told are waiting against the fence outside the building. Larissa García was arrested after he actually acts police what he and his friend had done wrong. He told T.C.M. Open up a mouth and be a smart ass, right? Yeah. There you go. Zyna America, baby. So I think based I think maybe they'll use this. You went actually day when they take the final vote later on. I think they'll use the actions it's used to say well. We did our best. We tried to convince you and you went as a paper tiger and you won't go along and that's it. Right? Right. If you must very jackasses column get the sports section out of the trash. Get out of the bottom of your bird cage from the hardest morning. David and WQM milestone morning show at the one year mark. A scandalous. I think basically Greg threw him under the bus getting pretty crowded under here by the way. I, I, I, yeah. Move over. I'm getting crowded here out of the bus. I don't think a lot Greg Reed. When's the last time you ever read him say anything in public good about anybody that works for him? You know what I said? When's the last time that happened? I'm thinking about it. I'm thinking about it. I'm thinking about it. I'm thinking about it. Oh, five, sixty pound five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon line. Here's David. Hello. David. Yes sir. Yes. Neil. Yes. I have the winner to your poll. Okay. She's a woman. Remember Julie Newmar. Julie Newmar. She has one. She's a woman today. By me. She was on batman. Right. What do you think of her? She's okay. She admitted sex appeal. She wasn't just gorgeous. She wasn't. You know what I mean? She was almost as pretty as Robin. That's right. Okay. Thanks. As Robin read breast. Yeah. I guess she was the catwoman on the show yesterday. Okay. Although the villain. This is one of the, uh, what the hell was his name? The sand? Sandman? Sandman? Was that it? The sandman? I think that's what it was. The sandman never seen him before. Although I've seen the actor. He was a very, he was an actor. He used to be like an outer limits a lot. Very popular character actor. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. How is what's her name? Do you want to share it? She looks like I want to vote. Uh. McKenzie Westmore, the beautiful blonde who plays Sheridan on passions. Still is only got one vote. You'll be sorry. One of these days when you find to get around one by accident. You flop upon your eyes upon her body. And you'll see to me, hey, is that what you're talking about? Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Here's a, here's a plot of 10 on a Peter meter. Eva Gardner. Yes, she's on there. Oh, it's the house right in the air. Frank's an officer. She was okay too. Oh, yeah. Thank you. She was beautiful. In fact, there's a whole big thing away. He was obsessed with her. Did you ever read that book about Frank's an actor? No. I would read a book about Frank's an actor. I did. Pretty skating was like the unauthorized biography. Just a skating rip job. He was obsessed with her. And like even after she dumped him, she just didn't take me for an answer. You know what I mean? You know how he and his crowd always reacted little hostile. 5.6705. Oh, yeah, kind of like Doreen and Mo. Boy, I would like to be in a fly on a wall on the summer. I wish I'd had a camcorder there. When that had been great, we could put all the pictures right on our website. Pictures, video. Mo, Doreen, baby. Mo, Duchen it out with the Doreen. I think I give her the edge. Here's a call from Cleveland, hello. Yeah, we're legit, are you now. What is it? Hello? Hello? Hi. Oh. He's legit. What did he say? We're legit. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. That was Reverend Jones again, a one of those crack mods. 5.6705. But see what they call a line 9. Carlos always buys it. No matter what it is, here's a call from the creators on the moon. Oh, yeah, here we go. Creators on the moon, Neil. Not the Carlos is a little bit slow, but I'm the overpass. You don't have a lot of interaction with like real living and breathing people. And then of course he comes to QA. So at least it's consistent. Here's Northmimi Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. Listen, I got two names for you. And I got my favorite number three hockey player. Yeah. See, how about Julie Christie? Julie Christie's good. How about Diane Cannon? How about Frank Cannon? And my favorite number three hockey player was, I know he played on a crumbly destroying team back in the early 70s. Dennis Hexta. He was number three? I think so. Could have fooled me. Good. I have no idea that's what I'm saying. So obscure that. Who the hell would don't know? Ready here. Guy would always get into fight. Yeah. At least you didn't say Denise Poth Van anyway. Number five. Okay. Thanks a lot. Denise Poth Van. Maybe he's the best 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Do you need your Panther playoff tickets? Did I? Just a joke. It's just a joke. I'm going to be no playoff. It's just a little bit of joke. Anyway, the Leafs are going right now. It's a damn good thing they had a really big lead there. Everybody put a playoff because it's going to be over real quick. I'm going to be a little bit of a joke. I'm going to be a little bit of a joke. I'm going to be a little bit of a joke. I'm going to be a little bit of a joke. I'm going to be a little bit of a joke. I'm going to be a little bit of a joke. I'm going to be a little bit of a joke. I'm going to be a little bit of a joke. I'm going to be a little bit of a joke. I'm going to be a little bit of a joke. I'm going to be a little bit of a joke. I'm going to be a little bit of a joke. I'm going to be a little bit of a joke. I'm going to be a little bit of a joke. I'm going to be a little bit of a joke. I'm going to be a little bit of a joke. I'm going to be a little bit of a joke. I'm going to be a little bit of a joke. I'm going to be a little bit of a joke. I'm going to be a little bit of a joke. I'm going to be a little bit of a joke. I'm going to be a little bit of a joke. I'm going to be a little bit of a joke. I'm going to be a little bit of a joke. I'm going to be a little bit of a joke. I'm going to be a little bit of a joke. I'm going to be a little bit of a joke. I'm going to be a little bit of a joke. I'm going to be a little bit of a joke. Lorema's sly-doo-dy-doo. They are great. Roy, what do you think? It's good. Really? Probably snowpiss? 20 minutes? Yes. Farms? Ok. Come on, come on. issue. Yeah, I wouldn't even do I wouldn't do a worth with Georgia's thing. And if he had one, if he had one true, what about Heather Lockler having her anybody mentioned her? How come we don't have her on here? She's all her things. What she is on there? She is on there. I'm sorry. I'm not the way. We've only got 600 honors. Kind of hard to keep track, you know? And Neo, I think it's a trip we're doing with the new condolences song. You know it. It would be with that drop blow without your ass. Stay here. Oh, okay. Good. They love that. Mm-hmm. They're, uh, how many they're singing it? They're squeezing it. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Don't forget the QM van. Oh, don't you forget to close my window during this break. Don't forget to close your window. Or he did it. Or he did it on the last break. You're supposed to run me on the last break. Oh, sorry. I forgot. You forgot. I didn't say who's the one to head theestro who's the one to head the pulmonary embolism? Oh, that's right. You're in that studio, though. Get ready. Right. Sick. That's sick room. QA in Van will be out of Verizon Wireless Disappknown 5-6 PM and maybe Miguel will take it. Let you take a look at it. 158, 11 times full of ardent pepper pines. Stop by to win sports tickets and register to win tickets. Stop coming Marlon's home game. That sounds pretty, sounds pretty marginal to me, doesn't it? Don't get me started. Maybe Doreen put him up to it. And she's always running him around like his like her lackey. Yeah. What do you want? Here's a pepper par, kilo. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. How you, sir? My choice is Valerie Burtonelli. Valerie Burtonelli was two as a button. Yep. And beautiful, though. And can't you get Boko Bryant or Carlos to put the words to the condolences song on the website so we can make a video? No, no, no. All right. Have a nice day. I don't push your luck. Okay. There. That's as much as we're doing today. Maybe on Monday we'll do. And then on Tuesday. And that's it. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Greg Reed says, what was that one operative line and I come? That's through that away. Oh, I'll fill. You know, it's interesting because it my luck. No, here it is. Because I did Schmidt can and I wanted it up and I stood on the floor because during the breaks what I do is I got my, I thought I got my garbage sack. And I just throw all the used stuff in a garbage sack. Well, my luck being that this one is sitting right down there. I'd like that. Great. And he says, I've had concerns about the daily quality of the show. Meaning the more Howard Davided morning show on Hugh A. The lack of humor and the lack of invigorating sports talk. He says, I still have the same concerns. We are going to try to do some things to spruce it up. I still have the same concerns. I think is the obvious operative part of that sentence. In other words, Mo. Greg H. You. How do you like that? Huh? I don't want to get him all nervous and paranoid with the big weekend coming up. But Mo. Greg H. And Doreen hates you too. Greg H. You. Mo. Now, what's well? I'll decide out of mind. You know how it goes? Yep. Or comes around goes around, Mo. When you try to butcher up everybody else's life. When you can't take a whistle, Koot. When you're making nasty comments about fat hank. We take it very personal on this station, okay? Talking about everybody's treating him. How about the way he's treating everybody else? Don't you think we ought to look at that, maybe? Yeah. Let's take a little peek at that, Mo. Since you're so concerned with everybody else throwing your ass into the bus. Probably ought to have a hernia from all. Oh, fade done away. I don't think so. I noticed I put a little question mark down there. Whoa, fade done away. Hey, no. Is that when she was in network when if he did parole? Not when she was the ugliest. I can't think of a time when she did. I mean, I like fade that away as an actress. But bizarre looking. But don't tell me that she's the most beautiful woman. The actress, uh, radio or TV or movies or, uh, maybe a radio, she'd be a beautiful light. Yeah, there you go. In fact, I think the beast is the most beautiful talk I ever seen. On radio. 28 past noon at 5.60 WQM. We got a big, big huge light at Pompatopark tonight. The only horse racing farward stunts you in the world will be going on tonight. At Pompatopark, it's called Hot to Trial. Australian stuntman Vincent Silvestro and his wonder horse Handley Silver will amaze you as Vincent stands on the shaft of his Aussie race by holds the reins in his teeth. 15,000 candelpar marines flare in it. A Marine flares in his hands. It while Handley Silver races around the dark trek, shoots up more than 2,000 rounds of farward from the back of his race bike. And the grand finale is as exciting as Macy's July 4th display. It's really something to see. General parking admissions always free at Pompatopark. Our car works show nine o'clock tonight along with exciting hardest race action. Of course, starting at 7 o'clock tonight, free minutes your horse rides free face fading and plounds for the kids and live music too. What if they have a calm pace for Mickey McNickle? Probably. No. Don't forget to come out to Pompatopark next Saturday, March 15 in one of occasion fair protruded treasure, cake, resort and marine and avocado in the Bahamas. We got great live racing. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. And we got a high-mokesting every day, seven days a week from tracks all over North America. Pompatopark, a black south Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline. Road Donford gets nice to the big hot-to-trod horse racing farward stunt show at Pompino Park. Pompatopark, a black south Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline. This sports winning in my city. You way, yeah. Pompatopark, a black south Atlantic Boulevard. Welcome back to the highly dated of more holiday Davidichole. Hey, I want about that last book, eh? Yeah, it's a good song, it's a good song. Why, sure. I know when I came in here, I put this toy on the map. You're the greatest moat. You got that right, can you? Why I'm the cats, me, how? Piao! Piao! That is this course where a little cerebral celebration is. And I tell you, just what I'm gonna do. Let's not go. I'm gonna go down that hole. We'll take a thought right in front of the door and that pipe smoke is studio. You mean you're going to go? That's right. I'm gonna go to that good squat and leave a little soup in here for our jook and idiot fangard friend, did it? Right there on the carpet? And another thing, before I go, I would like to propose a toast to our success. Look at that! Bring for my holy, jolly, jolly, jolly, jolly, jolly. What a... Take a drink. I'll pay for this. Are you, you sleep in a my impotent power? No, my little, it's for my life. Break the necked up on the loins of greatness. That's it. Hey, if it are like green chicken tins, I've got a job to do. Yeah, I took the two. What do you think? What do you think? What do you think? What do you think? What do you think? Are you looking at Paul the In- I'm going to have these ones piled up. I am straight. Ah! Ah! There are sure that Johnson yet can poop. Hey, what's wrong? I ran away. Looks like some kind of spaceship or a strip of joy. Hey, I can't move. Hey, you're a great boy. I come in. You're letting me out of these things. You are to be probed. You proved. What do you mean proclens? You're in the porn. Ah! Sight that ain't him, bro. In search, pro. Oh, I ain't something you know. I'm so scared. I'm so scared. I'm so scared. I'm so scared. I'm so scared. I'm so scared. I'm so scared. I'm so scared. I'm so scared. I'm so scared. I'm so scared. Ohi, bro. Yeah! Ohi,へies. Oha, whoa. Good man. What do you mean? In terms of, what are you, AJ Kirby. Oh, hey, you're 여기 Carve. Damn! That is unreasonable. Good evening. It is worthy. Bo-o-o-o, what are you thinking? It's homing. Good evening. It'sures. Oh, god. Leave me alone. There was a group ball. Ya know. Oh, we have three. Four and a halfparent. Yeah. On Lebety skates, I said four.weh. said she was the most beautiful man I've ever seen and it says George is a fact if he wouldn't do pan Anderson and you right back hepatitis infected pus bag now you just have this obsession against pan Anderson she didn't have pus and she wasn't infected she didn't have hepatitis when she was on gay watch okay yes she did the house she did she was doing a Tommy Lee right oh not not back then yeah yeah no problem she was doing a slater back then maybe him too but another she was doing billy watch his name billy bean billy look at the black hair billy's warlock you just have an obsession against pan Anderson I don't care what you say she's got an evo to see on a pull to out of me and the other facts is right we got the pan Anderson's got four votes already seen in how you're a T she's gonna have big ones they may not be for real but maybe they fell off from the infection Catherine and Irvis phobod the sea and out with a K I just mentioned in case Eric might be moderate now in the middle of his lunch hour Catherine didn't know maybe that's why she doesn't have any votes because we miss phobodr first name it's with a sea and out of K and nobody gives a C.K. how about Barbara what is that name Barbara what billing please I don't know no Barbara back Barbara Bock all Barbara Bock what terrible handwriting Ursula andress in Barbara Ursula andress sure yes Ursula andress in her day okay okay this list is out of control Carlos in it I wish I was your dad Ursula andress in Barbara Bock well like I said I'll keep these people off the streets over the weekend you got a list man oh man you talk about tapin away on it you'll be tapping all weekend on our pool you'll be tapping our pool to look bleeds so we added Linda Evans Ursula andress in Barbara Bock okay okay okay okay list about set here are the 85,000 most beautiful women actresses ever on TV and radio and movies and in between sure wave here's a call from Evans sure I hello yes sir absolutely that this name is not come up yet but it must be because how she looked now okay very young Richard Fardo yes she's on her but I'm agree with you though is a very late edition we went a long way until she finally got a mention oh okay very good and it's a pretty sad comment there isn't it thank you thank you so much first here's like Richard Fardo back in her day which is about 100 years ago right that's right now she was considered the most beautiful woman in the world back then sure but that was a long year ago what but that was 100 years ago that's why they gave you know the name is not spelled you talk about I mean we got both names spelled wrong there reject Bardoo it's VARDOT I do believe isn't it I don't know well I'm sure this one a right Bardot BARD EAU my coup mandu get it right where you're playing for dope bridge of Bardot BARDOT okay get look it up on a web get your spelling right okay do some spell checking quit making yourself have to be some a literate little beiner boy okay and you too Eric get with it you should know better don't remember bridge of Bardot of course I do and got me to know that and all these other whatever French there you know I think it's somebody that may get a voter to better not what I was gonna say Jane Fonda in her youth she was a very attractive but well you're a Marble you're pretty good in that movie she pretty hot very hot let's put Jane Fonda then we can all be a right wingers upset always put on your fingers that's right put around here five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty we only have room for another two three hundred names on the list so better make it fast here's Miami hello hello Neil yes sir are you doing great great happy anniversary thank you hey I just one of your little crazy cute and listeners and I want to throw in a Spanish I could write singer yeah you didn't even have a bit for which maybe you could play Talia oh Talia yeah excellent have you seen her on the website no I have not oh my god you've got to watch this woman she's incredible okay so you can throw that a bit on there maybe later on you got a mine right see give it a what giving oh twenty one to one at five sixty W to QM the world famous Jim Mad Dog Manage after they clean up that message to Ralph he'll be longer one I'm dying I'm here hello hello I'm in Motore as a means who is this to me? no this is your wife Talia I like to speak with Tommy Betoyaapplause drumuniken Davol this is Michael Jackson Ullo shirt job Lul Oh shirt Oh I stepped down or sure. However you want to paint the picture, whatever you have to tell yourself in order to save some sort of face you do it. But you will last your job. You know, actually it's kind of nice to hear your voice. What? Kind of nice to hear anybody's voice. What are you talking about? Neckle's got a hat, something. Yeah, can you hear that? That's my Mexican wife. Let me tell you. It was cute for maybe five, ten minutes a day. But if I got to stay home with her every day, I'm going to go crazy. Now I have to fool. You're getting your justice, search, Tommy, Victoria that devil. All we do is eat Mexican food. Kimi Chang'e's burritos, toastinos. I got more gas than ex-un. And you deserve to have the bloat. Listen, Michael, I'll resurface somewhere. I'll start another label. Sure you will. So you can destroy the career of other budding artists. Are we going to Chevy? Yes, honey, we're going to Chevy. Thank you very much. All right. Oh, cheese. If it's not Chevy's, it's cheese. If it's not cheese, it's what's that drive in place. I don't know what you're talking about. I called to be way too. And all I'm getting is dribbler and Chimi Chang'e. Mm-hmm. And minute, I was to reason you were forced to be fired. Right, I know, because I'm very, very, very devilish. Mm-hmm. I want to live in a mess. Me, I want to live in a mess. You live in America. All right. Hey, look, Mikey, I got to go. OK. I got to take over the Taco Bell. Jenny. OK. Chimi, you want to come with us? No, I don't want to be seen with you. You are the devil. So at this point, I am finding myself having some sympathy for you. Oh, you're looking good. All right. All right. All right. I got to go to MIT. Let me tell you something. If I were to find right now, after neighborhood, would go up. Ah, goodbye. Mm-hmm. How 44 or 56 to WQM? So what we got 400 names on here yet, we got Taliyah. Did you get Taliyah? Yes. OK. And Jane Fonda and Barbara Bach and Bachman Turner overdrive. 5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line, Pompable Beach, hello. Yeah, hi, Neil. Yes, sir. How about high-efficient, and in the home? Who is the high-pacially? Yeah. We do in Pornow stars now? Excuse me? High-pacially? Yeah. And who is the second one? OK. What are you saying? Couldn't hear it. We're really putting that down. What's wrong with high-pacially? No, I guess. Pornow star. Yeah. We put in the lovely sun. There's like a regular actress? Neither one of them are like all that great. OK. Cross out how patiently and put brennally. 5670560, here's the lady in Miami, hello. Hello. Maybe that's where we slip in Piccoli. Yes, ma'am. Hey, hi, Neil. Yeah, we're great, Charles. Thank you. Was it? How about renona writer? Who? Renona writer? Winona writer, oh, yes. Maybe she might steal the poll. OK. OK, bye now. Thanks. Ha ha ha ha. Ha ha. Woo! What do you think you want to put one on there? No, not on either. Skanky. 560560. How's Sheridan doing? Certainly, hopefully she's got more than one. Oh, she's got a pair. Sheridan's got a beautiful pair. But Kenzie Westmore to play Sheridan on passions. She's got two votes now. She's right up there with the gene tyranny and Jackie's Johnson. How do you like that? Jackie Johnson's only got two votes? Huh. That is amazing. Maybe a lot of these people don't watch the channel. So I think it is. Good. Good for them. Because on the sports of the red shows, that's all he talk about is Jackie Johnson is and Jackie Johnson and Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, be pay attention. That's all they ever talked about. I might actually listen. Oh. Maybe starting Monday. Maybe Jackie Johnson is the new piece in the puzzle we're in the morning show. To replace. Here's sunrise. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. And you know, I have nine two days. I want to make sure I get these on for you fill up your list. One for E.J. Whoop, you're about Natalie Wood. Yeah. Probably really Terry Hatcher. I'd like to relate to Terry Hatcher. There we go. OK, thanks. Back around the tango fatch area. What? I have no idea. Natalie Wood and who is the other one? Terry Hatcher. I'm a feeling I'm losing contact with reality or something like I could be wrong. Could just be my imagination. 570560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Who would help Terry Hatcher? She was on the other Superman series. The one we maintain came. She was the lowest of lowest in Clark. I see. I don't remember that series very well. I would never all know what I was excited about that. Because she wanted to get me out of the makeup bond. Oh, God. He made James Woods like a very old smoothie. Here's Pepper Pine, hello. Hi, I want to ask. Yes, sir. One thing I haven't heard today anyway was Jackworth Smith. Yeah, we've got her. Oh, dear. She's really. I think she's beautiful. Leave edition. Good for you. I'll also. James, you question? Yes, sir. There is a bit of a long time ago about D. Will fight a deck of Medi-Fast, trim mix type of, uh, very intelligent, the old Renewed just fast. Limwall. Yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah. Is it in your garage? It's a C.N. classic gold. I got it. Okay, we're short got it. Okay, thanks. Thanks a lot, bye. You're going to play it? Sure. Excellent. I have a break of it. Yeah, really good. Go George is got it. Now you're going to have to look it up in the thing that weren't you. And I will. During the break, George isn't looking up his thing. Just to show you that we're a couple of good guys. And then we got Carlos to just to prove nothing's perfect. Nice. He's working his little ass off today. With 65,000 games. You got him all now? Yeah. Both of them. Got Natalie Wood Terry. Hat her. You got Talia. You got Talia and I got diarrhea. Et cetera. Okay, now come out of the break. Don't forget, because you have this bad handle. My, my. And look, this is 42560. Wait, who are you? Yeah. Why are you besting? Hey, you at the fort. When you run to your quarter-rightance catch fire, we walk backwards. Do you go beat, beat, beat, beat? If so, then you need our revolutionary weight loss system. In introducing, the Legini Ultra Nutra Fest slim watchers, the only diet program that uses the amazing new concept of eating less. I never would have thought of it, but the Legini Ultra Nutra Fest slim watchers showed me that if I placed less food in my mouth, I lose weight. Look at me now. But that's only the beginning, because the Legini Ultra Nutra Fest slim watchers will also introduce you to the radical new process called Moving Around More. I always thought the best way to lose weight was to just sit still. But these people show me it was better to move around more. Look at me now. And if you sign up now during this special unlimited time offer, you'll be evaluated by our untrained professionals who wear real white coats and act like they care. Boy, we're their coats wide. Look at me now. Yes. The 10 Ultra Nutra Fest slim watchers, the program that's better than all the rest. Because it is all the rest. Prof. 53 at 5.16WC, that was interesting, you know. What? That bit? Yeah. Old? Yeah. Funny. I just dropped my list on the floor, okay. So I just hit my head on the mic. Now I'm awake. Now just a little bit, just a little tap, nothing exciting. So anyway, we got 8 million votes on it over 500 votes and Grace Kelly is winning hands down your pants. Who is or was the most beautiful actress on TV or in a movies? Grace Kelly 77. Kelly Berry 35. Not even a run for a money, you know. Merlin Monroe 33, Rackel West 28, Sophia Loren 28, Liz Taylor 23, Katherine Zeta Jones 21. I find that a falling. When these Richards 19, both Derek 18, Liz with early 16, Jordan and Brewster 14. Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh. Another catch you on. So I noticed we got the spelling right on Brigitte Bardot, which is nice. Hmm. At least in the Bardot part. And we got Katherine Denier. We got her first name with a C instead of a K-nair one. Who cares? She still won't have any vote. Here's a call from a Vanita Springs, hello. I nail. Yes sir. You rock. One name I can't believe, uh, I actually found a name that isn't on a list. Heather Graham. Heather Graham. She is hot as hell. Natural bombshell blonde. Who the hell is she? She was a boogie boy. A couple crappy movies, boogie night. Uh, the Dota C I know. Gert said that was a great movie. Gert said that was a great movie. Gert said that was a great movie. You're as jealous. She's a hell boy. She's a hell boy. You can't say, but I can still say, kind of leaves us up bitch. Okay. Thank you. I can say kind of leaves us up bitch. I just did. Heather Graham. Oh, she, her name has come up before. Hasn't it popped up before all the time? Boogie night. She's always telling how to see that. You should, even though it was a, even though it was a stop. It was a power. It's good. That's right. Which one the second one? Sure. Second one. Yeah. I would have to see play Minimi. The, uh, the other secret agent lady or something. Whatever you say. They all, to me, they're all pretty much the same. Don't get me wrong. Okay. They'll look, send you pretty much the same. Here's, uh, candle. Hello. I'm not talking about the woman. I'm talking about those movies. Yes, sir. A young, dolly partan and one from that dog, uh, he, I, he, I, pops a splinter over her as credit end substance. Aah! Aah! Aah! Aah! Aah! Aah! Aah! Come on. It's gotta be a joke. He takes the cake for the two worst choices if it's not. Mm-hmm. Now, don't put that crap on there. We're done. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line, Greta Van Suster and man. I guess if you put in that woman who look like men, right, or a woman with a nice just mustache, right? She is nasty. She is grow test-looking, but it goes to show the sports nerds out there and they just goose-deppered along. You catch my drift. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, that meaniel. Yes, sir. Sounds like you. I have an addition for the lift. I'm a Gringo. Can I nominate a Latin woman? Why don't I don't know logist it? Yeah. So, fear of Edgar. So, fear of Edgar. She's not an actress. She's a... No, no. He's show. She's been in a few movies. She has? Could you send me a list? Yeah, she was going to move me, called the big something. I forgot to name him. Well, that's definitely to see that. We have posters of Roll Over the Studio. You know, how you do? Yeah, I love her, but I guess she's... I didn't think she qualified because... She's on her right now quit talking to yourself out of it, man. I would never. Why she had her own travel show every Wednesday night. That's how I learned this. So, a little hint. We were... Actress. Well, now she was in a movie, though. A Gringo movie. You can do that. Let's have a look. We'll put it down, sir. Thank you. Why are you being such a prick to this guy? She's on the list, Carlos. So, fear of Edgar. You're telling me how great she is, then you're trying to pop this guy out of it. Well, I'll find other people. She's actually a group. She's in movies, man. She's in movies. If J-Low can be on air, then Sofia Vergara can be on air. Okay. Well, sure, she has a much lovely and a subtle ace. There you go. And while Facebook is without saying... See, how can J-Low be at that ridiculous? We put it on her just to humor that guy. That was the beginning of the show. She was one of the first, like, half a dozen selection, right? She's got nine votes. She dies? Yeah. Reakens. Here's a call from Miami, hello. Here you go. All right. I got a quick addition to the list. I didn't hear you say her, but how about we're cow-wals? Did we leave her off? We couldn't have left her off. You remember Fashira? Yes, she's fourth. Yeah, she's fourth. Unless she's got 28 votes. She's number four in the run. Oh, yes. She caused me to lose a lot of protein as a young boy. That's a good idea. You're into it. Okay. Thank you. You've lost a lot of protein. Scored score it as a young boy. Last week. Yes, she's number four in the list. I think that's enough. Don't you Carlos? No. He says, why didn't you say that now and a half ago? You asshole. You smuck. You moron. Is that what you're really thinking? That's okay. We haven't said it. So, Doreen and more going 10 rounds a money for charity. I don't think we can raise a lot of money for that. Definitely. She hates you, Mo. She despises you. She can't stand the ground that your bag stills on to. How do you like that? He made the clean sweep and you know something. It's still five or six days before his one year anniversary that very Jack has was all whipped up to a frenzy about writing about it. I get 27 years on a year. Very Jackson. That don't count. Because I don't do a sports show. I don't do it that invigorating intoxicating sports talk. But here's a guy that's been on the year nearly a year. Has now at the end of a week less than a year at Pistoff. Everybody in a building hates him like poison. And very Jack has. Oh, is writing him off. Pistarchal for Greg. You're good buddy. Greg. Grace Kelly 79. Halley Berry 36. Marilyn Monroe 33. Rackel Welts 28. Sophia Loren 28. Jennifer and Suster. Oh, none. Bye bye. Bye bye. What's next? Dead baby. Yes.