Oh, why? Oh, can't ever Our home and the earth's breath Oh, high-puzz and sea Will knock you on your hand Welcome! We've lost our rising sea Our sides may we claim joy As we see, With the league of drug according to Our good old I'll see Oh, why? Our business free Korea's training We've lost our home Our home We've lost our home To the league The Union of the 2000 and one Canada became the first country to legalize The US of marijuana for medical reasons See, we just started and you learned something already Wow! Big, big article, a big spread In the very conservative, the ultra-conservant Toronto Sonia Today, front page story And it says, oh, cannabis Oh! Is what the headline is. He's candid already for relax mirror One-alons and it's got the part of a six-part series New law just to tick it, Canada goes to pot, it says Justice Minister Martin Koshan, in Tensdwind, reduced the new bill We've vamping pot laws before the summer We like that It's got a breakdown here Of who's smoking it and who's not And practically even got names and dresses where it can get some good stuff I think Georgia's name is on here Oh yeah? Who's smoking the majority of Canadians over the age of 45 Have never smoked marijuana The majority of Canadians under 25 of smoke marijuana in the past ten years 54 percent Sounds like a majority to me Oh yeah It says, well, I'm not going to go into all the numbers The boring So there you go, is America continues lagging way behind That'll be another nail in the coffin for the folks up here Oh, you're changing a pot laws now where we need to come down on your ass In fact, we'll probably have a small army in Vade near like over next weekend Now, our survey over this last weekend You would think that if ever There was a poll that we took, literally a poll just to survey Where the chronic lunatics would just get out just leave it to hello alone That this would be the one our annual demographic survey Which demographic category do you fall in mail whatever female and the age categories When just think that? Yeah, but think so Of course not No, I mean starting Saturday night and all the way through yesterday A feeding frenzy of psychosis either by one the ranged individual Or more likely that little circle jerk group where we know who they are Yeah Female 12 to 17 I think what the deal is what they're trying to say is they would like to be females 12 to 17 They're female there. They're teenage females trapped in a men's body Now what it is sure makes that little little Geraldina and Francesca and whatever their names are Julietta Julietta That's a good one 2011 real people on there which beater boys very disappointed about that I don't know why we broke all records this past weekend for hits on our website on a weekend Really Yes Well, they had to get on their whole but to times the face of your votes No, no, we're not talking about they're only talking about 484 fake votes Lester I'm not even gonna go through the whole number of things you can take a look on there And if you want to take a peek at it real quick the 505 on females 12 to 17 Just a track for 484 the real numbers 21 George only wishes that we had 505 young ladies after listening Yes sure Then though female 18 to 34 40 that into ban Not too great Let's face it we got 90% of our audience our men are at least they're pretending to be and the rest of them are on this side Here's the poll for today Something it will be a work in progress no question I don't think we ever did this one No, not exactly like this, I don't think No, not exactly like this Well, you know you stand on your head and you wiggle around I got a lot to say today boy in fact today as a day and changing my whole life Yeah, I think I was inspired to do this on what happened on this show on Friday If this audience only knew and Tom Jickick comes up with a column Hey, Tom let me tell you something okay I'm glad that you're still listening That's wonderful to know something about your radio But you're so far off base you haven't got any ideas usual what you're writing about a little Tommy And if you want to like take a chat a shot here in your column at Wacky Jackie I understand you were the brunt of a lawsuit years ago when a lot of stuff went out at IOD And now you're a pector five and you're terrified to mention certain names on the year Or in your column rather or on the year when you're filling in So basically this whole article is geared toward Jack Thompson and other people of his ill coerfer appointed themselves as the moral sensors of the airwaves But Tom Jickick never mentions his name in here and also times got more misinformation, but we'll get into it eventually But I'm Friday on that rating show all I can see is Oh my gosh Why is it yes something in fact a must of insublimable that must be why I started to show today with Oh my Oh my That was a holdover from Friday Oh You talk about emotional cripples in that place and I really don't know at this point We really want them allowed to say or not to say what I should say I don't know what they'll to say other than Oh my Oh my Because the ratings the arbitron people, evidently there was some controversy about eight Diaries in the rating process not having to do with QAM thank God although in the same family Not power 96 if I narrowing it down, but I can't say what it was or I better not And so there were allegations that I don't know what the hell to say so to make a long story short a Greg read in the mufflands See the two hysterical twins they got together to send to that right in the middle to show it about I don't know what the hell time was about 1215 To have the word Facts me a note saying stop what you're doing immediately and call a Greg and Duffin Duffin's office now and I'll fill in for you So I immediately am thinking like the world has just come to an end on there or somebody died I assume somebody must have died Right, bear in mind they didn't tell us what it was about when they told us to tell you to do that Mmm, as opposed to like just scrolling out of the low and saying there's a little Dispute over some of the Diaries and arbitron is like maybe the numbers are on this was before 1130 wasn't it Yeah, this is about 1020 not 1220 1220 was the second message friend Duff Oh a stopper to do now a call up immediately and above So at that point they had stopped sending the data down because they put an embargo and it embargo on a rating I know what is that embargo Because they wanted to recheck it twice and see who's naughty and I said this and who dumped that carry the word oh Brother So actually I shmit candles that threw them all out. I didn't say shmit candle by the way little time Oh god, yeah See what he doesn't understand is I did hit the dump button that day at least I thought it it maybe it didn't hit the hard enough In addition to which that's not the even important part about the story the important part is it was a slip of the tongue I've done that before can I put anybody who hasn't and the FCC doesn't really care about that which is your shocking considering these faces We got it that that's not what the laws all about time and he writes a whole column about that That's what it's all about Tommy The first local thing he's written about the local radio or TV and almost the year now and he's got it wrong again. I'll know thanks for the publicity But one thing about time jikker He just can't get it right. He can't get it right If it's if the words the language is used to appeal to the preent interest of the audience That's at that point that they come down on your ass and say we're gonna find a $80 billion whatever the hell it is You know, and that's what it's all about not if somebody in a course in normal conversation Murtside award it happens to get on for whatever reason Come on Tommy, but you're a little bit kid you do it. No, Jesus got all mighty are you lame But he is listening so we don't want to hurt his feelings. He was very thin skin And this snort and the belt you're allowed on the air So here's our poll question today to get us started I'm gonna read times column on her because it's really lame And also on those weapons to match destruction that they thought they found yesterday And not again and the connection between al Qaeda and Iraq that certain people are putting misgrudge We're so psychotic about over the weekend come to find out it was just you know like they they chatted You know there's there's nothing concrete there. There's no evidence of any kind The indicator al Qaeda was involved with the Iraq and planning 911 or any other damn thing They said they hate the US and the West and basically that was it and have a nice life So did I mention about the rumors? Wow, you thought Friday was strange on the show. I got a I got a A deli story for you on Saturday by the way everybody who knows Jeff Rimmer call him up You got a cell phone number. They're here. They're here. Call him up and say meals not taking you guys to Ruth Christian I'd need a little more nothing to do with you guys meals are gonna be hiding meals I'm hiding out of the bed. Did you guys get out of town enough already enough dinners enough being slept around enough Pupping for meals that I don't want to feed the a family of six or whatever it is He slept me on Saturday. I'm telling you what he did was criminal There are people on death row for less than what this man did to me And after all the schlepping to go away the hell up another earth and go to a sun's apartment and pick up the wife in the daughter And slept for a vasobinitis Delhi. Oh, we don't want to go to the pickle burlone That's too good. No, I got a place because I know the city. I grew up here where my is giving me and he and then we get in the car and again We're slept and it going and drive and we pull up to a place a little strip shopping set of the size of your ass A deli contest in the size of a of small phone booth Each booth in there was small of he didn't this is a true story. He banged his knee so hard on the edge of the booth. He thought he broke his leg If I was done, I'd be waiting for the call from the lawyer That's another one of their favorite deals, you know Oh my god the old slip and fall routine And not only that that we got the kishka. I'm gonna tell you something you've been with me at the swap shop. Remember those appearance right? You're welcome. Well the elephant droppings remember those the appearance and you were That was the kishka to start and then the dry sandwich How can you make a bad salami sandwich in a deli? With no pickle no coles law. No nothing The worst bunch of drek I've ever had in my life and then the bill comes for the four of us at the end of the meal There's one of me and three of them keep in mind that, okay? The bill comes at the end of the meal 52 bucks The waitress hands it to remember who's sitting on the edge He passes her right out of me his daughter just about crawl under the little tiny table He just hands it right over me The freebies are over. Remember have a safe trip home. Bye bye Get out of my life. He really believes I'm stuffing him to Ruth Christenite now the daughter left to go back to Columbus yesterday So he thinks I'm taking him his wife his son and a son's girlfriend before them there again One of me and for them and I'm gonna shut them to Ruth Chris for me. I can't afford to eat and I certainly don't want to go spend money for I could afford it. Do I want to do it? No absolutely not. Bye, remember have a good life. Don't take it personal unless you want to The pool today. What was the best all-time performance in a movie by an actor? We've had this is not who's the best actor. We've done better the best actors and we'll do this for the actresses tomorrow What was the best time all-time performance in a movie by an actor? And I've got three that I thought of Marlon Brando and a godfather Peter Finch and Network Hopefully everybody is seeing both of those movies all-em sure that some of them probably haven't which I can't imagine I can't imagine And Jack Nicholson and more full over the kukus nest Don't you think it's a good start? Excellent start. The Marlon Brando one's gonna be hard to beat although I have one to add Well, well, can I 913 at 560 W to QM and I pressure filled Monday although not as pressure filled as Friday and then that Delhi When we like getting your car and driving 600 miles to go to a Denny's but this would be an insult to Denny's if I said that To go to a Denny's restroom and leave a flood If you got a weight problem like a lot of the rest of us here's the answer for him tried balance for life If not what he waiting for a lot of smart and satisfied people have done it because they've tried all the fad diets and are still fat They've tried the appeals that are supposed to make you thin doesn't work balance for life works because it keeps his satisfied all day long Plenty of food you don't have to starve to that and it's great delicious food to everything is fresh made with the best ingredients They bring you a little black sack. That's all you need to know They give you a menu every week that you fill out your pick from two choices for each meal every day that you're on a program And they bring your little black sack right to your work your home by six and a.m every day And in your sack that's all the food you'll need for the whole day three gourmet meals two delicious snacks right to your doorstep And the way just pours off your body as you have a big satisfied look on your post all the time Because like I said you're not running around starving You don't have to count calories or carbs. You don't have to do any cooking or shopping or cleaning because they do all of that for you So let balance of life for life help you lose the way once and for all call us number nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine It really works and it's delicious too or check them out on their website at balance for life dot com My And local This is for 25 Way It's me Oh, you can have On your contact or wait Since we're eating today the early bite of a party Grab those tongues And flip the food around as if my diamond could be found under the train But don't forget Can you lose food your got to be You're dying Same as this before me Your food is tasting in the crisis low I'm not paying so much Free favorite thing of all is when I go I'm a full final and to touch Go miss us Yes, I know You wait Yes, I know Yes, I know The food is soft It's a bread of green Not a morning We're still some sweet No I thought God was And who's who can't I be Oh She She She She She She She She She She She She She She She She She She She She She She She She She She Sheerm And She The Or Don't Follow The Don't way here, the older you get the faster the time goes by, and I just don't have time to waste on things and on people that are not interested in wasting them on, you know? Yeah, I know. You just tolerate stuff for a certain point, and then you finally say, have a great life. I know wish any bad, but just lose my number. Go away. And that's it. That's the way I feel about the rumors, about the fat boy, about a lot of people. See how much of those people I'd rather have, four or five really good friends, as opposed that being four or five hundred fair words of friends. And I know some people that want to be surrounded, just surrounded by a zillion fair weather friends. You know, people that really don't care about them all that much, but put on a good act. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, I know. I'm not into that. And so as time goes on, I just become less and less inclined to surround myself with people who I know were just clinging on, just hangers on, users, yeah? And like I said, there's certain acts that are kind of funny for a while, and then they get stale, and then they get really annoying. There was just one phone call message too many left here yesterday, and that put me over the edge. I mean, I could go to the Ruth Christine that I did not eat a whole lot or any extras just have a nice steak, and maybe a little bit of soup or something or that barbecue shrimp and pick up the check. But then that's the point. I'm not going to do it. Not going to do it anymore. I don't need that kind of a meal number one. And number two, I'm tired of being snored on, man. It's one thing to get snored on. It's another thing to get snored on. And this kind of feeling of entitlement. Is it? Well, I only lost just $700,000 with my church. Yeah, that kind of like that thing. Wasn't that enough when you think, actually, there'd be an embarrassment factor involved, the idea, the hoodspot. I think it should be sluff at him around and pick it up their meals because I have to make a lot of money. It seems to me, he lives in a much more expensive house than I do. Last time I checked. I just mentioned these things in passing. I can just bitter and hostile to certain people. And like I told before, the show, which am activists, because on the year, also other people that I just, I'm just tired of it. I'm tired of people pying at me. People like, you know, just go away. Have a good life. I don't wish you any bad, but just get lost. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, I do. I'm sure you do. Anyway, before we do the Jiffy column, oh, no, you were going to make a suggestion for the pull. Yeah, Al Pacino in a dog day after noon. Excellent. Al Pacino. Dog day after noon. Now who's writing these down? Me and then Carlos is transferring them. So we got lots of buffers. Man, it all started Friday about 10 to 15 and it hasn't stopped since then. It was surreal. It hasn't stopped ever since. Oh, it's your has created a real awakening and what's left of my brain. Stop what you doing right now. I called Greg and the Duff. So you needed a camera for that. I mean, based on what, what, first of all, it had nothing to do with me. It's like certain other people, Norma Kent, another one who's in the very marginal category on my list. Column me up and I'm always calling on a way to the ballpark and a way to a Marlin game. He's probably got one of his Twinkies in the car there with a one of his boyfriends and trying to impress calling the oroders and he's going to tell them this and tell them stuff that has nothing to do with me whatsoever. Norm, don't you understand? I just had a stroke cover amongst you. I don't need to get stressed out about stuff that has nothing to do with me. I'm going to do it in hell. Do it like three or four more times in a row. The next like three days in a row. Does this have anything to do with me? No, but I thought you'd want to know. I don't want to know. WDQ I am. Hello, I think the speaker Neil Flynn speaking. I'll put it on here, but I hate Tom Hanks. Yeah, but that was a tremendous performance. Okay. I'll take your board for it. Alright. I'm done. Thank you. See, I just it may have been a great performance in a wonderful movie, but after what was that one or the the mermaid splash splash splash after splashed that was the end of Tom Hanks for me, you know. That was a cute movie and it was just fine and that's all I needed to see him. And he's another one. He's guys got a new movie out every five minutes saying enough is enough already. Tom don't go away. Mad Tom just go away and he's raked in the millions. I mean, makes no difference when I say because life is like a box of Hall of Mom. Nobody said. Yeah. I think they fed a tae in what a grueling. Careful what you wish it made backfire right Tom's chicken. I just be patient. I'll get to you people on the phone. If obviously I got a lot of suggestion. This is the kind of pull they like to sink their teeth and do. Everybody's got an opinion, which is why we do them. We can put about 50 on there when you're thinking, oh, do that about 30 thing. No. We can put a lot more than that on there. Well, that saved the last fish for me. And now that I got this book, no, seriously, now that you sent me this disc. And you know, I don't think there's a play down. There's the book of song, HOM, Dangerous Now. Oh. Time's at the right to unseatering the Sun Sentinel Tommy's first column about radio or TV in the local area in a year. And I'm supposed to be the one that's out of touch and spite of that great book we just had. Tom, I can't wait to see the article about the ratings. Careful what you wish for it made backfire right little Tommy. The orangers committed a slip of the tongue one morning this week, culminating over the story state of his nation's weekend. His stations weekend programming. He called a scheduled human waste, but didn't use those words. I'm characteristicly he blurted out the four-letter street term. Schmidt without the M. For some some inexplicable reason either Rogers nor his support staff at WQAM. Hit the seven second dump button. Guess what time? There's your first mistake. Forgot to be because they were laughing too hard. As Racy and controversial as Rogers program is he generally knows where the line is that can't be crossed he seemed to shock himself and committing such a juvenile blunder. There's the second mistake. First of all wasn't a juvenile blunder the fact of the matter is I was just very comfortable and talking about whatever I was discussing at the time and it just slipped out because that's the way most people talk. Then it goes on to say in the grand scheme of things it was a laughable offense. Despite the fact that he he he he he he he's in the middle of the day. It's hard to believe that there are any children listening. Kids in the board to distraction by the content, whatever that means. You think kids would be, we've got 65,000 kids out there listening court of this pool. Don't we? Yeah, 12-year-old girls, we got 422 million 12-year-old girls according to the survey. Tom goes on to say, however, there are people who make it their life's work to monitor programs like those of Rogers and Howard Stern. Nobody's name, I'm here though, so they can tattle to the principal, the Federal Communications Commission, whenever anything offends their rigid sensibilities. These self-appointed guardians of morality really should consider whether they want to persist in such activities. One of these days, they could produce the opposite effect of the one they're seeking. On I had to do the break and I'll finish this up. How did I get so far behind here? Just so that... Well, that's a double right, just chatting. Just chatting away, just talking about that, the rumor experience. Call off rumor, all his good friends down here and tell them, Neal's pissed off and he's not going to dinner with you tonight or any other time in the future. I'm not, I'm done. Done, bye, like Mickey says to Eisner. Done. What in the world? 26 past, you know something when we got to that deli and walked inside that little shoebox place, I shoulda said, what the hell are you doing to me? You're killing me. I'm not exaggerating man, this place was the size, you know, the two rooms that you guys are sitting in there to control in the studio. That was the size of this restaurant. Kitchen included. I don't know. I mean, there was a kitchen. Kitchen was behind a counter. Where they was slicing the meat. Oh. That was my Auschwitz experience. I think that everybody, even the go-in once in your life, will have an Auschwitz experience. That was mine. In fact, the sign on the place, Susan said the Auschwitz deli. Even the food in Auschwitz was probably better than it was in this drone on Saturday. And certainly the ambiance believed me. Had to be better. And I think of certain people in that place, eating at the Rascal house, all of at least you're not getting ready for it. 9.27 At 5.60 WQM if your culprits are a mess if your furniture or poster is really in van shape, do yourself a humongous favor and call the best people in the world of dry concerts. Once you call these folks I'm confident you'd never dream of calling anybody. Also using any other method to give those culprits looking brand new. Because they're the best in the world. It's simple. I've been using in my house for over a while. Well over twenty years. Everybody I know who's got even a half of brain. Use dry concepts because you can't be with a stick and you can't be there deal either. They give you a written guaranteed price before they start doing a job whatever you have doing it for you. So whether it's expensive area, rugs, your oriental rugs, your carpeting, your drapes, your furniture, your poultry leather furniture, it's time for dry concepts. And if you have problems with pet odors or mildew odors, speaking of pest by the way, they got a crappy little dog to burners. If you have a problem with pet odors or mildew odors, caused by water damage, no problem dry concepts can make it all look and smell and feel just like brand new. Dearest up a humongous favor, you'll be mighty glad to call these people, call them tool free 100, 285-071, 100, 245-071 for 850-071 on their website, refont$ algebraconsets.com when you useavaot concepts, it's the truth you can clean today and entertain, tonight. a Rebecca strap mask the wealthy people. It's where royalty play below. And that's what I like about Voka. I don't let egos on their small. I don't wear they say helpful. And they're very corner as a role. And that's what I like about Voka. The man's grand auto for us. We're the day in Jewish bakery. You should take these delicacies. And that's what I like about Voka. Please excuse our attitude. And our VM W's and we find pleasure. That's what I like about Voka. That's what I like about Voka. I'm 30 to a five sixty speaking of Voka. This is an impombiage post I guess this is what it was thanks to me. No the rules. It says WQMs. Noist egotistical personality. How are they? Proved as skills and knowledge are limited to describing what's happening in front of a football field. David was hysterical when the Vikings didn't pick within a lot of time. Believe in the four-footed the pick. Later when he learned the Vikings were still on the clock, he turned down as criticism wondering why I'm going to so did didn't trade down. So evidently for you, you were telling me before the show today there's a whole series of gas that that moment on Saturday may be to be better off not to show it. We will be getting a copy of those. Really? All right. Many, many, many mistakes. I see, unlike Mr. Weaver who didn't make mistakes, the moment I still makes lots of them. Like coming to town was the first one. So guess what movie I saw since the psychic powers are invoked again? Over the weekend it just happened to be on somebody mentioned on Friday. If you blow too much, you're in trouble. There's a lot of your cludio blow with Johnny Depp. That was depressing and did it blow. No, it was okay. I don't think of blue. Of course he looked as usual with that hair. You know, they had him. Although this was only two years ago blow. So by now he's going to be old. I would think about 80. Getting to be an old cocker. Like Joe. It was okay. Did you see it? No, I didn't. Oh, well don't. Okay. I mean it was okay, but not worth wasting. So I was, who's all right. Don't do it. Here's somebody says Chinatown, Jack Nichols, and I got that on your got it. And I'll put you in one scare face. In scare face, I think he might just mean scar face. I put two of them on there already. Well, you know, Godfather, when you come right down with could, well, we'll see. I don't want to get out. I mean, what can you say about that? We'll see how many other people nominate what? I don't get how many. Oh, get you. What? Great. Come on. Come on. Another one. Exactly. So when am I getting back a little Tommy's column here? These sub-aborted guardians of morality really should consider that whether they want to persist in such activities. One of these days they could produce the opposite effect of the one they're seeking. This is Tommy. This would be nothing new. Every time activists groups try to ban a book, block a movie or keep a TV show off there. They inevitably make it a bigger success than it would have been without the publicity. It could be argued that their crusade demand aid, v-chips, which almost nobody uses or even knows how to use, has given TV license to extend the brown boundaries of propriety. In the case of prohibited language, they're inviting a court challenge which might result in all rules about language being struck. Right, Tommy, right. Such a consequence might not be a good thing, which I don't understand that. I think it would be a great thing, but it reflects the evolution of society. The CBS movie, Lucy, every May 4 reminds us that there was a time when pregnant was verboten, several of the words and George Carlin's infamous list of seven are now heard regularly over the year. I'd be sure to know which those are. They're heard regularly over the year. This would be one of the grounds for the elimination of language restrictions as Tommy, most of these words have become so commonplace in everyday life that they no longer violate community standards. The explodative uttered by Rogers is one lot of people use whenever they drop or spill something or make them a stake. More to the point, it's a word that has now heard regularly on prime time TV dramas and broad cast networks. Our legal system frowns on selective enforcement, so it'd be difficult for the FCC to come down on Rogers Steering, or any other radio personality for something that's gone on punish on TV programs that are available in 10 million of homes. You talk about making something out of nothing. Is this incredible? He doesn't get it. Doesn't understand it. The fact that somebody might blurt a word out, that's not a problem. He doesn't get it. After next week, Tommy says it'll be difficult to enforce any kind of language code on May 4th, PBS will air a production of the gin game starring beloved veterans, Mary, Terla, more in Dick Van Dyke. Some of their fans are going to be shocked to hear the mother of the mother of all four litre words not once, not twice, but several times. PBS has always gotten a pass and content that would cause problems for the networks under the rationale that the material on public television is high-minded, not intended to do titillator shock. This might not, this might be true, however eventually, someone's going to take the double standard before a judge who decides to rule only on the basic fairness of how regulations are applied. When this happens, and almost certainly won't be because of radio or TV station is decided to play chicken with the FCC or the courts. It'll be because some do good or is forced the issue. What do good or might that be a little Tommy? Oh, that's right. We don't want to mention his name. This man, I'm telling you, what happened to him? You know, once upon a time, unless my memory is failing, which is possible when you get to be this whole, once upon a time he used to write some pretty useful stuff. I'm not saying good, but useful. But more, the last two or three years he has just crumbled like an ancient, like the piling power pizza. Man, like the Colosseum. You know, those ancient buildings, they have to keep like re renovating and propping because they're all ready to fall down, right? You know, like the Qandleding? What was the best all-time performance in a movie by an actor's or question today? Not who's the best actor of all-time, the best performance. And we have to emphasize because a lot of times there are audiences a little, a little, then listen close enough. I beg your pardon, can I after I read the list without interrupting you can? Punk? See, he's all whipped up into a frenzy. Now, he got paid, direct payment, direct deposit on Friday. I'm assuming. Yes. My check showed up. He got a lot more than we were. Like the week before. But you're pardon? Because direct deposit five days earlier. That's right. So he, oh, that's probably spent already on drugs. Drugs and faggotts. I think I remember getting paid. Yeah, that's right. See, now easy coming, easy going doesn't even look like actually having the check at the faggotts are more expensive. Tell me. Marlon Brando and Godfather, Peter Finch and network, Jack Nicholson and one flow over to Kukus nest, Al Pacino, and the dog day after noon, Tom Henson, Philthad Alphia. Oh, why do I have to flyers one of game lives now? We'll see how long that lasts. Jack Nicholson and Chinatown and Al Pacino and Scarface. What about that Minnesota wild? If a word for like one and a half seconds and at first game, blowin' to lead, they'd have a two zip on Vancouver. Wouldn't that be something in the Western Conference finals and a highman and Minnesota of wild? That's your get a big tune in audience, not? Give them all the credit though. What do you say we bring the spokesman back? Why don't we bring them back to the end? No, no. I don't know. Is the show going by a fangstrom? I like on speed or something. You're all like full of bomb figures. It's going great. No, it's going fast though. It's just, I mean, every time I get ready to do something, it's time for another guy damn break. So I must be doing something wrong here. Another break already? Oh, oh, a sure mess here. Don't we? Chinatown is my Smacho, Druze or Miss Grudge. You should have seen Miss Grudge on the MSNBC on Beacon and Press, which used to be one of my favorite shows. I'll give them a free pass on that one. You know? Oh, but he's just making one of his infrequent TV appearances. That goodness. Get that silly queen off of my screen. Get the queen off the screen. Would that silly hat and he's going on with it, responding that right wing crap? And about what, you know, these networks they'd go, you expect them to be objective? I mean, what do you want them to be? You want them to come out for a rack for a Sodom who's saying that's the American broadcast in company in the National Broadcasting coming. What? So, otherwise that means that they're supposed to give us a bunch of propaganda, government spoon fed propaganda because the name of the network. What, you talk about a bozo, my god. But it's the Grudge report and he was hyperventilating on at Webside over the weekend. First about that, I'll kind of link with a rack which turns out to be much to do about nothing. And then, of course, about the weapons and mass destruction, which turns out to be like probably more DDT. Man. Self-hating, right wing closet cases, man. Do you realize how many of them there are? I was never really aware of that. No, you got to explain that to me. I can, how can I explain it to you? People with a death wish. You know, it's like Jews for Hitler. It's like the Jews devoted for Bush, the Fag Zivoda for Bush and the Jew Fag Zivoda for Bush. Well, now we're really talking heavy dudehood, god. You could smell of all the way near that Dillon. I'm serious, and he's saying I'm exaggerating. I wish. I wish that you could see the size of that place. When we drove up there and I looked at where we were going. After like a total of 50 minutes of driving. It would be like if you got in your car right now and you drove to Ohio to go to a stookey's. Do you want to definitely be that stookey's will be ten times larger than this place we ate on Saturday. And probably the food would be better. At least think I could print a printed brittle. I mean a bad salami sandwich. And he said, if the next rate is this great, the only thing that was great about it is again, he was sucking another freemey a lot of me. That was the only thing that was great. Go away, remember, don't go away, mad, drive safe on your way, wherever to hide your going. Just goodbye. Bye bye. Done. Bye. 19 until 10 at 5.60 WCM with mother's day, just around the corner is that guest bed ready? Hint hint. If it's sagging lumpy or just worn out then you need to pick up the phone and call 1-800 mattress. That's the number for dialometrist. Dialometrist has the complete line of sort of celiac King Coral and Simmons to choose from. There's no reason to put it off any longer. Talk about our good friends at dialometrist all the time on the show because they're the best in the world and believe me. Nothing's got a big impact on the way you feel every day. Then getting a great night sleep. Call 1-800 mattress. I've done it many times. It's the easiest way to buy anything. You've got more repeat and referral customers than anybody because they know how to treat their customers right. Once you do this one time in biometrist with one called dialometrist, you'll never waste your time and cash going back to a showroom again. And when you do biometrist from dialometrist, I'll set up the brand new one. Take away your crappy sold nasty old vetting for free. That's correct. Dialometrist sits at the new one takes away the old for free. So this mother's day have mommy sleeping like a baby on her new bed from dialometrist called 1-800-MATT-RES. That's 1-800 mattress. This is the smart, the easiest possible way to buy you a great new mattress. My little local, this is my 60's. There are years old yours. Oh, that's cute. Adgator me. Oh, here's what's happening. So I forced his try and pass the time and I rack. Hey, Joe, where'd you get the cards? Go and miss you, Bobby. Will you play it over there? Go fish! Alright, feel me and you've got a little man. Let's go. Look at me. Go, go, go. Look at me. The funny. You've got me. Tahai, y'all's in Ramadan. No. Go fish. You got me, uh, my balls is Harry. And I got one of those. Alright, good. Alright, they go again. Let's see. You got your match. Put your match down. Alright, here you go. Wait, same bag and I'll come back. Come on. Come on. Come on. Alright. You have any. Who does Salih, Maddoz, and Wash? What's that one? Who does Salih, Maddoz, and Wash? That guy? No, it's the girl. It's the girl. I got no girl. I got no girl. You got it? You got it? No, no girl. Alright, you go. Alright. You got me. I've been farting. I got one. You've been farting. You got me. You got me, uh, I eat me drawers. There you go. I got one of them too. You got any. I'm here. How am I doing? Hasan. Al-Sadi. Who's that? That's a girl? Nice to die with the white hand. Oh, girl. Do you have a mustache? What number is this? No. Seven of diamonds. No, I got no. You got me, uh, she, you stroke I watch. Do you have mustache? They all have mustache. Even a women. Uh, nope. Don't have any of him. I can go fish. Uh, you got any bars on, e-bram, a son. I yield to Creaty. I do actually. I don't know that guy. What's he look like? I got mustache. Go see that. See all of my stashes. Even a women. You told us that. I'm out of here. 946 and 560 WQA. So here's some other ones for our list. The best all-time performance in a movie by an actor. Rod Stagger in a pawn broker. Boy, he was great. Rod Stagger? Yes, he was. He's dead. Yeah. Peter O'Tool, Lawrence of Arabia. I'm reading you the ones I've put down on here. Peter O'Tool, Lawrence of Arabia, although he was good. He was no father O'Tool. But Tom Cruise born on a Fourth of July. I put it down only because somebody fags it in. But I, I, I, I, in the movie was good. Yeah, and he did a good job in it. But, uh, whatever. Robert, can you hear our taxi driver? Yeah. And Humphrey Bull Garden, Kazablanko. You must remember this chicken cannot, uh, never sight. Kazablanko? I saw the cane mutiny. Play it again, Sam. Oh yeah. Oh, oh. Oh. That's, that's got to be honored on it. Right. Borgard, cane mutiny. Strawberry, she was the shrikertantum. That was great. It was like, great. He was like playing Greg Reed in that movie. I don't want to think about it. Who's the mole? Who's the mole? Who's the mole? How about Dennis Hopper and Blue Velvet? You want to put it on there or not? Sure. That was good. That was not good. I saw this, Robert. I wouldn't wish that on, uh, Hitler. His performance that it was great. Okay, put it on there. Dennis Hopper. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Jim Farney and Ernest Saves Krittner. That's excellent. I think that might get a lot of votes. Only joking. Okay. Dennis Hopper. I think another one that was very good. But not none of the same category. Dennis Weaver in dual. Yeah. That was a good. I'd love to see that movie five. I'm not putting it on there. That was not. I mean, again, what was the all-time best performance in the movie by an actor? Not every good performance you ever saw, which would take us the next six months. It'll kill some good time. What was the best all-time performance in the movie by an actor? Try to... Are they ever going to fix line five? I hate to keep bugging other people. No, they're not. They're not. They're not. Not for a long long time. Oh, I see. Okay. Just asking. Oh, I suggested, by the way. Oh, let's get back to B&B, who was interrupting 20 minutes ago, yes? Right, so, Rizzo, Dustin Hoffman in Midnight Cowboy. That's good one. Dustin Hoffman, Midnight Cowboy. Ratso, that was very depressing. Oh, God. I'm screaming like what a morbid movie. I do like Al Pacino, though, on dark day afternoon. Adicac! Adicac! Just that scene alone. Right. And of course, Frate always in there. That's what I was saying. No, seriously. I didn't... which was first. Godfather was first, right? Right. Absolutely. Thank you, man. We'll find some smart stuff like everybody's said. Like, no, I'm smart. And I want the smart thing. You tell him, Frate, oh. I'm dying out of the hair. That's right. That's right. I don't know. What am I going to say now? We got these people. We got drop-ins from people that died a long time ago. We got our thanks for calling Lady who passed away a couple months ago. And we got the undied over here. Guy who died years ago. It's like a memorial to you. Right. They live in perpetuity on his show. And then we've got some people that were doing shows that are dying. Okay. But we keep them alive too. Actually, he went up a little bit of night in men. Phil, from a 4-0 to a 4-0 point tree. I looked it up on it. Material, you finally sent me. Right. After the embargo was lifted. The embargo was lifted. Not on Cuba, but on the arbitrage. You put their eyebrows right. And it's official. Frate, I forgot. I forgot to play that this morning. Just in case anybody was out of town. We're number one. Damn it. I can't wait to get those hour by hours. So we can see exactly how much we boost up the monster. Who finally threw in a number there in the morning? We think. And you'll notice. No, we don't think. I mean, he's got, he takes credit for six to ten. Whether where he should or not. He can always only on six to nine. And you noticed that there were certain people I want to mention a name. So around the building were varied this made. By the fact that he'd, well, because they were hoping they later Jug in a gig. So they could blow his ass back to New York or anywhere out of town. Where are you laughing about? He's always true. Yeah. They were depressed. They were psychotic. Oh, you're also going to be depressed about this military team turns up negative results and weapons of mass destruction test. A senior military team that test, I mean, yesterday they were hyperventilating. It was mustard gas. It was the X. It was, uh, yeah. Turned out that it was mustard with the eight on the belly sandwich. That's what they found from that little belly in the Toronto. I'll see. Oh, I'm speaking the Toronto. They're meeting with the WH. Oh, today. And they're going to convince them. I mean, there's nothing going on here. And the number of cases of SARS is, uh, I mean, talk about doing everything and they're powered to destroy a community in a country. Anywhat the message is. Don't ever take sides with anyone against the family again. That's right. Right. And so we got, not, not familiar, my last one because Mel can't figure out what planet Iran much less anything else. He's, you know, he's a goofball. But we got some of the big shots. Some of the big medical experts are going to talk to the folks from the WH. Oh, I'm feeling that big Thompson, a relationship wacky Jackie. And he's going to convince him to get Toronto off of that list. And you know, how he's going to do it? I'm going to make him an offer again. There you go. Anyway, the mobile exploitation team, Bravo, took samples yesterday, which are being analyzed in the West, but they said, uh, negative results. No WMD. So they keep looking and looking and looking and looking and looking. They think, no, my mobile, we'll put some stuff in. I mean, we'll apply to speak in of that. But did you see the story about the bomb like device that should Tom Palmby tearport for three hours? That's all right. I see I don't understand this story. A suspicious bomb like device noted by a federal screener closed Palmby to international airport yesterday, grounding planes delaying more than a dozen outgoing flights and frustrating hundreds of other travelers who sent in their cars for more than three hours outside the airport and pouring rain. I must have been pleasant. The screener flying the device in a checkpiece of luggage triggering the evacuation that brought all arriving into parting flights to a halt. The delays and cancellations rippled through air traffic system up and on east coast and resulted in hundreds of passengers being held aboard a dozen planes on the crowded Palmby, while some inbound flights were toverted officials said, in addition 14 departures were later cancelled between 6.10 and 9.30 in a PM. The materials noticed by the transportation security administration screener were examined by Palmby's county sheriff's office BOMSQUAD and were deemed as not as explosive. No BOMBAH. The owner of the luggage was located and interviewed according to the Palmby county sheriff's spokeswoman Diane Carrhart, nor arrest was made. Nonetheless, Carrhart said that if I seized by the sheriff's investigators looked like a hoax device. It wasn't a toy and is not something people would have randomly in their suitcase. Carrhart said, I do not believe it was put there maliciously. Now, if you can explain to me those last couple of paragraphs. Huh? It looked like a hoax device. It wasn't something you'd have randomly in your suitcase, but I don't believe it was put there maliciously. Who put it in there? The two ferry? The east-erabbit? Lepercons? Little, little, little ferries must have put it in there. Yeah, they're tricksters. Oh, my god. I don't, I don't get it. I read this thing over and over again to see if I was missing something. And, well, that's in a sunset, what do you expect? They print Tommy Jick is calling to tell me. I know your intentions were good. He's probably swirring and muddling right now. I try to write something to, you know, to protect him in defensive and depots of hell you didn't. Oh, you didn't. You wrote something stupid. In fact, the idea that all the stuff that's going on in last year that he's vanished from the local radio and TV scene, that he hasn't written anything about, including all the kind of leisure business and the most stuff. And all the, I forget just about us all the other radio and TV stations in the market. And now this is the best they can do is because I slipped out Schmidt on the year. What are we talking about here, Tommy? I think Schmidt might be your middle name lately. You think it's because he's been busy talking all the gamblers on the 80k show every now and then? He's stupid. And would write my mind. I'll tell you that. Hey, what we got on the agenda, we got almost a clean slate. All we do have a marlin game that I damn it late. Maydog at one. Hank from Schuillers at three. The big seven tonight. Marlins on Dreck at nine and then the Marlins at Arizona. At nine 35, 80k following baseball and the wee hours in Mark and now what is that Mark Eisenberg overnight is Joe on vacation? Must be. I think it's a Simon Cruz that they never took last time. He's on a cruise. Yep. Is that man nuts? God. Listen, I'm not giving people any more advice. Do whatever you like. Go on a cruise. Have a horrible time and you will. Just hope that the ship doesn't catch on fire. That your girlfriend or wife doesn't get raped or both. And let everything turns out just. Punky Dory. What the hell happened? Oh, you know who us? Good man here. I give up. Are good clothes. My good clothes personal friend. Skippy. Oh, there it is. I'm not because he had me facts that copy. And I had my horrible pile neatly down here. Hey, Skippy, you're okay, man. You're a squeaky voice and you're like a little twerp. But the state of hell out of there. Christopher walking in deer hunter. Yeah. I mean, I like Christopher walking. It was a really good movie, but it ain't no God thought it. We're not asking what's it to God. Oh, see now you're going way off the deep end too. What was the best all-time performance in a movie by an actor? Yeah. Not what was the best movie. Oh, I'm just saying it wasn't the best. Okay. James Mason in Lolita. Never saw it. I did. And no. In fact, he regrettably James Mason. James Mason was great in a star's born with Judy Garland. Never saw that. You never saw that? Not Judy Garland. And that that was chick. That was a great movie. You know what your problem is? See, every time mentioned Wizard of Oz you start thinking, I swear. Okay. We're not talking about the song of the South. Okay. You got all your cartoons mixed up. And then it says Adam Stanians in Schubert. Okay. His in case pastries. I screwed with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit too. Take mom or the whole gang anytime for a fantastic feast. To the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet in sunrise, their pineapple out of 44th. Collins Avenue just north of 163 north by me beach. And at the intersection of flamingo and pembroke in Pembroke pines, the accept reservations. Take out and delivery are available to a thermal coast by calling 9.5.4. 5.7.2.38.22. 9.5.4.5.7.2.38.22. This ain't some little out of the way. Join like that. Delhi I was telling you about. This is a real feast of a lifetime. The Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. We're supposed to be in 5.6. You a-a-m. Well, let me tell you something. My crowd met friend. Look at brushy sleep shoulda fish. Let's go and see what I'm like. He lives on queer street. Lingers round on queer street. He has a house and garden. I would love to see what happens. He just holds and pets his monkey. Women's clothes they can look real from 15. And always wears and knows what to do. He wants me and he. Don't you? Okay. He lives on queer street. He is more of all the creatures in the night. One year went there, he's there. He says he like it just fine. He knows. He doesn't do that. Like I know. He is on queer street right now. He is on queer street right now. He's on queer street. He has that house and that house garden. 10 out to 560. So most showed us as to the world on Centra Agueil. Black comb and a draft show made many of them. That seems to be what everybody in town. The buzzer round time. He said that I will tell you that rummish love me to do to buy them lunch. That was the last supper by the way. That was the last supper. That was the last gathering for me and that's a crowd. Have a great life guys. Somebody says the most amazing heartwrenching difficult role was Russell Crow and a beautiful mind. I put it on it because I can't stand Russell Crow and I want to let my own feelings interfere. Okay. Remember what Mama Coral you said? Don't interfere. Listen. You can remember almost anything you say you can find a spot in one of my godfathers. You could go for days and only do you say it. Don't interfere. They don't talk business at the table. Maybe I can help. You're out. You're out. Tom. This article here MSNBC's Banfield. She also is one of my favorite people but the article is sensational. If you're a featured story on a website this week on urranges.com. I'm thinking around 11 o'clock. We'll put the poll up so people can vote on it. I don't like putting up too early because then they vote too early. Then they want to change their mind later and we can't do it. I don't want to put it on too late because then we lose too many votes. See what I'm saying? So about 11 o'clock we'll have Eric put it up. Tell Eric get ready to put it up by 11. MSNBC's Banfield. Media filtered realities of war. This article is so good that almost gave goosebumps reading it. Just like that one from that guy at the FCC that night guy. Did I read on Friday? Remember that? Yep. MSNBC's Virginia there is a guy named Dyke. Oh look at that new copy from Skippy. But by the way. Yes, that's for today. But I already basically did this anyway. Did I? Yeah. Yeah. You're in any it. Just thanks to me. I just got done doing this spot. Like I said take mom or your girlfriend to the MR Coast for Mother's Day. And then what I said? What? Neal Saki part. He's a what do you want? At least he's making an effort. Okay give a little bit of credit. If you ever seen oh and I'm going to tell you if he had Tom Denimberg and a different body Oh, little older. MSNBC's Banfield media filtered realities of war. She says war sobering ever went to meet you didn't write this. Matt Bulleen wrote this. And they took pick of capital journal to pick a Kansas. War sobering realities never reached American TV screens during the recently west Lead invasion of Iraq according to NBC News Corps spun an Ashley Banfield. We didn't see what happened when Marines fired M16's Banfield said during a land In lecture appearance today at Kansas State University today being a Saturday. We didn't see what happened after mortars landed only the puff of smoke. There were horrors that were completely left out of this war so was this journalism? Was this coverage? On the other hand she said many US television viewers were treated to a nonstop flow of images presented by cable news operators who wrapped themselves in the American flag and go after a certain target Demographic. It was a grand and glorious picture that had a lot of people watching Banfield said and a lot of advertisers excited about cable TV news but it wasn't journalism because I'm not sure Americans are hesitant to do this again to fight another war because it looked to them like a courageous and terrific endeavor. Boy is that greater what? Yep. Banfield's appearance at Kansas State's McCain Auditorium Mark 1209 speech in the long running Land and lecture series which was established in 1966 by the late Kansas Governor Al Flandon. In addition to where duties at NBC, Banfield also host the MSNBC cable TV news show NBC investigates until last fall she anchored her own MSNBC news program actually Banfield on location. A program that included the stop-lass summer and Manhattan where the Canadian born host interviewed KSU experts who developed methods to protect the nation's food supply from potential bioterrorism threats. In her lectures she noted in consistent season the Bush administration's advance war aims in Iraq beginning with the original US pre-work intention that Iraqi terrorist sattam Hussein's alleged stockpile of chemical and biological weapons posed a serious international threat. You know the stockpile that they still can't find an ear? Oh that one. Conveniently in the week or two we were in there it became a message of freeing the Iraqi people Banfield said that should have been the message early on in fact six to wait months preceding this campaign if we were trying to win over the hearts of the Arab world. According to Banfield, US broadcasters do not accurately inform the American public of the basic reason behind widespread Islamic distrust of the US. The American government's continued unwillingness to treat Israelis and Palestinians as equal partners in the future of Israel. As a journalist I've been ostracized just from going on television and saying here's what the leaders of his blight radical Muslim group are telling me about what needed to bring peace to Israel she said and here's what the Lebanese are saying. Like it or lump it don't shoot the messenger but that's what they do. How do you like that? Ashley Banfield I never dreamed that it would come. That I would read anything that she said on the ear and certainly put it on her website as a featured story that will leave up their all week long. On a website. Ask go and ask Ashley. See she ain't all bad even when I'm silly glasses there she's not as much of a mobile head as we thought she's got some big balls man that's what we are really respect. Even though Donna Shalili might not like it too much over there. The very very staunch university of Miami. Ashley Banfield's got big balls. How do you like that? Donna you Prima Donna and you ain't no deon either sweetheart. 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. What was the best all time performance and will be by an actor we're asking today. We might have to do this more than just one day. Good. Don't you think? Probably. I'll lie notice now there's only one line ring now that I'm getting ready to get back to this. Well you know it's difficult. Especially on a Monday. You're here. They're there. They're in their out. They're getting pissed off because I'm not picking a phone up right away. Too bad. I'll get to you. Just let them keep bringing by now you should know the exercise. The best all time performance and move by an actor we got Marlon Brando and a godfather Peter Finch and Network. Jack Nicholson and Kukus Nest also in Chinatown. Al Pacina went dog day afternoon and in Scarface. Tom Hanks and Philadelphia. Rod Stagger the pawn broker. You know what? What about in the heat of the night? Well I didn't see the pawn broker but I saw that. And that was great in that. Sure was. Well. He was no R.C. Bunker. Peter wrote to all I was watching. Flip and channels yesterday and there was an old all in a family episode. Yeah. The one where meathead was having like as a kind of appendicitis attack. I'm telling you can watch those over and over again just phenomenal phenomenal. Peter O'Tool Arts of Arabia. Tom Cruise born on the 4th of July. Robert Teneiro and Tanshi Drebber. Humphrey Bogarton Casablica. Humphrey Bogarton the K9 mutiny. Dennis Hopper and Blue Velvet. See I don't like saying that because I started thinking about Bobby Vinten. She wore blue. Oh, Bobby Vinten man. The Polish prince. When did you love to go through your life being known as the Polish prince? Yeah. Captain Hoffman in Midnight Cowboy and Russell Crowe a beautiful mind. I didn't see that. Aside, recently is a better fact. And very good. Very good. Wasn't a very good performance. Yep. I was surprised because I don't like it. Or you saw two-been or boy? Yes sir. And. Very good. Very good performance. Exactly. A little bit of a dutch. You know what I'm going to vote for obviously? I don't want to vote for. Okay. Probably simply. Now what about Robert Duvall? Can we put him? He was in. See he was never the lead actor in most of these movies. He was always like, you know, right, just another character. And other peasant of Antis. Somebody facts the apostle. He probably got that already. The apostle. Him where he was the lead. Which I remember. That was the movie where he played the preacher, right? Yeah. I never saw it. How about Dustin hopping in rainman? Yeah. Excellent. Definitely definitely. Kmart sucks. Oh, I guess that's what they figured out there by me up by the sawgrass. Kmart sucks. That's why they went out of business. Dustin hopping in rainman. We got that. Oh, there's so many of them. You know, this is great. We can do this for months. Let's do this a little about the logist. Tony Perkins and Psycho. That was good. Sure was. We got to put her down. I mean, him down on there. How about some of the hitchcock movies? Do you know what I saw the other days? Because I saw on TV over the weekend, just channel surfing. Why is it that I get so many better movies on my digital cable here than there or on this? Keep rubbing it in. Huh? Strangers on the train. Never saw it. Was for all the grandjeer. Don't. Okay. It was a week. It was a week. Alfred Hitchcock movie. Probably a good actor. But it was a lame. Really lame. Bad ending. What are you on any hall? I like that movie. But he wasn't acting like anything except himself. Oh, in that case, forget about it. I wouldn't watch him movie with Woody Allen in it. I would just know. Oh, Jean Hackman in a French collection. The freedom of the movie is for good. How much you happened in the conversation? Do you remember that? Yep. But I think I'm the hardest in the next year. Conversation was good where he was doing a wire tapping. Jean Hackman. In French, can I show you right now these down? Yes. Okay. Well, these are like I was going to plan so much work on a Monday. A lot of facts just coming in. Robert do well on the apostle now. I mean, you know, if I was going to pick a movie then he started. I picked the great Santini. And I wouldn't put the honor because that was not his best acting performance. He was great in the godfather. He was great in network. He was great in the apocalypse. No. He was great because it was right. I mean, he's a great actor. George, he's got in patent. Okay. Nothing, self-share. Let's talk about Trish Van der Veer. What about it? Remember when he went through that phase when he married her and he was like, Hey, he was on all the Hollywood squares. And he always had to be right there. They were like joined at the hip. Trish Van der Veer. My wife Trish Van der Veer. He's, I don't know. He was the animal. He was really great in hospital. I boy, I forgot all about that, that was the... Oh, was that a great movie or one? And that was another petty chance, Keith. Hmm? But I can't put him all down. Malcolm, a dollar clockwork orange. He was, that was great, but I don't know. I don't think so. Do you? I don't know. I mean, it was at his best work. Probably. That does mean that it was the best all time performance crunch it. Kevin Spacey usual suspects. He's done better. Then's a Washington training day. Or Tony Anthony Hopkins sounds to the lands we have to put him on there. That would be the one. Oh, God, like I said, we could do this till what? Till about another two and a half years. At least. Sounds good to me. I think it's never up. With ice-key and fava beans. I think that's what they must have had with my sandwich there, but that would have been extra. But the belly on 30. Fava beans, huh? Oh. Wow. Hey Tom, whatever that word was that I blurted out last week. That's that applies to the experience on Saturday at that deli. The whole rumor experience. Bye bye Jeff. Feral. Kids have a nice life. Good luck to you. 10. 10. 14. At 5. 60 WQM. Little Skippy was in there this morning with some good news. That is that the old humid people should be somewhere that could stop for my blood pressure. I've been poppin in my post religiously. My pressure is sensational. Only in spite of all the stuff going on there. And that building, all the psychosis. The whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is that the whole thing is you must be able to choose the whole thing is that when you had a whole thing and you were in a clan etc etc etc and you were what you were playing in peace of no min feathers and everything was their balance and the whole thing and I was first told from the show that it also i printed for you all You, A.M. When I'm a superstitious man, and I'm someone like you, I'm so involved in it, if you should get shot on that by a place of it. Or if you hang himself in his jail cell, or if you start by a bulk of lightning, then I'm like to blame some of the people in this room. And then I'd enough for you. You're taking a very first. I think you might have been surprised. I think you might have been surprised. I'm very powerful. It's burning your right through my room. I'm going to have a... First, first, first, first, first, first, second. I've got a real gun. If you place this building, me, I go low and slain and go. These floors in fire can conquer. Thanks for the fact that we're just like a weapon. It's like a weapon that's got a fire in the fire. Just a bunch of guns in fire in me, musk. I'm a bunch of gunmen. I'm a bunch of gunmen. Musks? I'm a bunch of gunmen. Then I've seen it in five, 60 WCM happy Monday to email what a beautiful day today. It's sunny in 75 in TOO. Oh man, low humidity, 46%? What's not to like, right? It's ours. Eight no problem here, baby. Everything is A-OK. Do you sound of a bad? Charlton has to have the 10 commandments. It's his number for get when he held up the two stone tablets and told the Jews. They could only pry them away from his cold dead hand. I bet it knows. That's great. By the way, we were talking about Chuck Hesnis morning before the show. This so, facts are must have psychic powers. Saw him doing his NRA resignation is to have the NRA. He can barely walk. He's like, you're on a way out. Big time. Nothing we wish him any ill. You son of a bitch. But we do. By the way, Carlos, time to go into the kick-jorge out. Commitment of the Cardinal Sim. About even 10 30 this morning. Commitment of the Cardinal Sim. Set me a facts from Tim Pots. I did. Yeah, you did. Oh no. With some bad, bad actors' suggestions on our bad ones. What are witches already on there? Don't ever send me another facts from that goofball again. Get a live Tim, OK? Get a girlfriend, get a boyfriend. Get a pet, get a rattlesnake. Now this one here, I don't have any idea who this is. Robert Shaw in Jaws. You saw Jaws? I didn't see does that. The salty dog, the ship captain, I think. The salty dog. I thought Richard Dreyfus was in Jaws. Yeah, he was. And then what's the other guy that played the spider? Right, Shidder. He was probably the other guy on the boat. And that was a corn bomb. It was a scary, a scary. But they sang sailing songs. Yeah, there was a great, there were some pretty interesting people on that boat. Some of them didn't come back alive though. 560, pound 560, last while I added was Anthony Hopkins sign of the lands. OK? Yep. Because I want to make sure we're on the same page here. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. What was the best odd time performance in a movie? I think it was a very good time for the first time. I think it was a very good time for the first time. I think it was a very good time for the first time. I think it was a very good time for the first time. And then he went on 560 on the AT&T line. What was the best odd time performance in a movie by an actor? We got our growing list here. Marlon Brando and a godfather. I didn't know no godfather. Peter Finch in network. You'll see he's not going to get hardly any votes. Peter Finch, which really pisses me off. And then surely after what he was on his way to a thing where they're going to like honor him. And the second recognition outside of the UK.ac Nicolson, Kukusnest, al Pacino, dog day afternoon, Tom Hanks in Philadelphia, Jack Nicolson and Chinatown, al Pacino Scarface, Rod's Stagger to Pondbroker. Peter Routoul, Lawrence of Arabia. I still think you're rod staggered in the height of the night. I agree. Let's put that on there. I mean, since there are other people there getting more than one, why not give it to old rod's stagger? in the heat of the night and he said, I ain't no archie bunker either. Why did Carol what kind of do that? I want a horrible way to go out. There was such a bad ban show. Peter O'Tool Arts of Arabia, Tim Cruiseborne on the 4th of July, Robert De Niro Tassie driver, Humphrey Bogar Kezablanka, Humphrey Bogar Kimu Nih, Dennis Hopper Blue Velvet, and a dust and hop in Midnight, Cowboy, Russell Crowe, beautiful mind. Dustin Hopper, Rainman, Tony Perkins, and Psycho Jean Hecklen, French connection, George he's gotten patent, Anthony Hopper and sound slams, Rod Stagger and heath of the night and the winner is, that's right, they don't say that. And the Oscar goes to, right, they don't say the winner is a mark is that in pleasure if there's a winner that must be losers. I mean, I'm like childish. Talk a lot about your fried-row egos. Now we can't say the winner is, and the Oscar goes to, the Emmy goes to, the little statute, little Trotsky goes to, because we certainly want to suggest that anybody's a loser. WCWI, I'll see, there's a loser right there. Ask for it, you got it. WCWI, M. Rhett O'Rizzo, Dustin Hopper, Midnight Cowboy. Got it. Thank you. Thank you. Peter Boy, I know I made that one. Did I just get through reading the list? I thought you did. And well, that's okay. He's busy. He's in a car, obviously. And he's on a phone. He's probably on the way that little Delhi up here. Yeah, I don't think I did justice to that, Sturray. I really did. No, you did a better job, before the show. Yeah, well, I waste that waste all the good material I knew before the show. And once I got on, I was out of steam on it. It was just such a horrendous experience after this big buildup. I mean, it reminds me of years ago when I was working at WBTA in Batavia. I'm a Batavian New York. And I had a good friend who had a record store in Batavia. And he decided that we went to a build game in Buffalo. And after the game, he says, I'm going to take you to this great restaurant and just phenomenal. And again, another long drive in the middle of nowhere. And we go to this place in a house that looked like it was, look like that bait's motel to be honest with you. Okay. And I think the cuisine was about the same way we go in. There's no menu. You want chicken, beef or fish. I'm serious. I'm serious. It's a place with no menu. You want the chicken, the beef or the fish. And needless to say, the beef I had wasn't the last beef about that place. I mean, it was from a hunger. I don't know what kind of animals they had running around the basement so they were shooting to make a supper. Wow. What a experience. Robert de Niro and raging bull. Better put it on here. It'll get some votes. You know, that's a horrible movie. Just an awful movie. What about what's his name? Good fellas. Chopashi. Could be several people in that, really. Really, what would have been the completion? Really, what would have been the whole place on a deaf father-in-blow? It was okay. It was a movie that killed an hour and a half. That's about all I could say for it. That was a true story. If you like stories that are true stories, yeah, like Donnie Brasco, which he's totally to say. I haven't seen that yet. And what's the other one? The born connection with Madden. Tony Hopkins in Magic with Anne Margaret. What is that? I saw it a hundred years ago. It was magic with Anne Margaret and Tony Hopkins. Was about the dummy. Remember the dummy was alive. They made fun of it a whole bunch of times after that. Now, I remember pin. That was also about a dummy that I thought was alive. Did you see pin? Nope. How about pinhead? Yeah. Or pin prick? Oh, sorry, Tom. I saw one of those this morning. Robert De Niro, raging bull. We got that on there. Anthony, I'm not putting Anthony Hopkins. He's already got this psycho. That's enough for him. And Robert Williams in the Fisher King? How about Robert Williams in the Good Morning Vietnam? Okay. That's no. Better than the Fisher King, anyway. Okay. We won't put Robert Williams on the wall. He's like I said, good stand up to the point. That would be like giving him any word for that movie. They're just so with that day. What was the movie? You have a credible Mr. No. That's how that Mr. Ripley did. One I just got through seeing the other day. I was talking about with what? Goodwill Hunting. Goodwill Hunting. Goodwill Hunting. Don't waste your time. Okay, unless you really want to see Matt Damon real bad. Believe me. It was a little bit of badwill. It came up. It was all right. It's another one. Kill an hour and a half. 10, 27, at 5, 60, WKM. If you're in a really horse ball job, man, I'm sorry. I'm a really crappy job. Gotta be really careful. I'll time right by another column. Do yourself a big favor. Get out of your dead end job and call fast training. Get yourself some training for a brand new high paying computer career. When you got some skills, man, is the disguise the limit. How much cash you can make. Look at Peter Boy there, man. He is on his way to the top. Call 1-86 Fast Train. Tol-free. 1-86 Fast Train. They are for you convenient. Day evening weekend classes. You can check them out of the web at fastrain.com and because they're all over town now, is about to be a fastrain location nearby where you live. So it'll be a piece of cake to fit into your schedule to be going there over and over again. And just for a short months, you can have a real career. Fast trains got locations in Miami, Kendall, Pember, Pines and Fort Lauderdale. So the Akha said is about to be one near you. And now is the time to get out of your dead end job. Say goodbye to that smuck of a bossier as and get you a real income. Register at fastrain.com to receive your free American flag bumper sticker, wave it in the breeze if you dare. Pick up that phone call fast train today and be sure to tell them that old Todd Drec. Mr. Do Nothing toward you to call 1-86 Fast Train. Bye and local. We are SportsWide 056-USUAM. Son of a bitch. Oh, what a joke. Oh, what a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. What a joke. 33 at five to see I was just thinking during this break here even worse even worse than You know demanding that somebody else or just about demanding somebody else always buy you meals is not letting them decide where you're gonna go In other words, you're gonna pick where it is That's right, no I Yeah, I think it always turns out to be crap So you wind up eating a meal that you really didn't need or want in the first place you wind up paying for like four or five of people and then and then it turns out to be garbage Isn't it supposed to be like you invite someone to dinner and choose the place and then right? No, remember he invites me to buy his whole family and his son's girlfriend dinner at a place of his choosing It always turns out to be garbage he invites the wallet to dinner done done remember bye bye Have a good life column up and tell him I'm not gonna I will be out 102 when when they have big hand it's a little hand two minutes after one I'll be on the door I'm gonna go out to a nice long seven hour lunch Fides say I'm I'm thinking this thing we're doing today, which this is gonna take a couple of days anyway. Don't you think yeah And then we can do a couple of days on the actresses Okay, don't you think and then a couple days on the newters? Yeah, it was that we can't figure out what they are like more Howard David it Lawyers concludes church leaders use Southwest Florida as a dumping ground this story somebody sent us from the Naples Daily News Today's paper no less like other spiritual leaders across the country Bishop John Jay Neven's Return from a landmark meeting in Dallas less some are following to it all the word priests from the ranks of Southwest Florida's Roman Catholic parishes the bishops have promised to deal decisively with members of the clergy who sexually abused miners He said the Catholic faithful must be assured of the church's commitment to protecting those all those who entrusted to our care To ensuring that no one who has abused a child in the past president of futures permitted to continue in the ministry But 17 years earlier Neven's agreed to accept a Kentucky priest whom he likely knew had admitted to molesting a 15 year old boy to lead a leak County congregation According to documents released in a series of lawsuits filed in Louisville Dicis of Venice record showed that the Reverend Thomas Pete Creea who's now 60 Served at St Andrews Catholic Church in Cape Coral from July 85 through June 86 followed by a six-months to the Saint Rafael Catholic Church in Anglewood The Venice Dicis oversees more than 50 churches in Codier, Lee Charlottes, Serassota and six other county counties in Southwest Florida 2 years before Creea was sent to Lee County reached the confidential settlement that paid 20 grand to the 15 year old's family The art deities of Louisville's acknowledged that same victim along with four others is now suing Creea on sexual abuse charges spanning from 83 to 97 The disclosure is prompted calls for the Louisville Arts Bishop's resignation My main concern about President future problems discussed by the bishops is the much these documentation for personnel files On any treatment I was offered accepted and complete on behalf of individual priest nevens wrote if Thomas Creea I'd receive treatment would be possible to have a statement for our files It would benefit us to have supporting evidence regarding the emotional health of any priest who's been charged to refuse to have more lessons The bottom line to this story is that every time a priest was involved with Hanky Panky with minors Especially in South Florida on the east coast what they would do is they would chip them off to the US coast or nobody cares It says Tom Zelman and April's attorney representing a former St. Anne student who's charged one of the priest with abuse said his work on a case is led to a troubling conclusion Catholic leaders in Miami use Southwest Florida is a dumping ground sending their troubled priest to the other side of the state before the Viscis event is was Created 1984. This is the end of the road. He said if you couldn't make it somewhere else you could go here This is the end of the road boy my feelings is accurate man Southwest Florida and then the rest of it as well the end of the road man And at the line bottom of the barrel the drugs Drugs with a K 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQA and that by providing clients legal representation and with significant savings in the form of closing costs and Interest rate reduction maybe this is something good It never is though in that problem. Maybe we something really might listen 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line WQAM Okay, sir How about Morgan Freeman 7 That was the best all-time performance by an actor or a valkimer in tombstone No, how about the Brad Pitt in 7 huh? And you know something he we've even looked at good anymore Brad Pitt He's looking pretty nasty these days Even the lovely Brad Pitt is getting old and ugly. Okay, all you guys out there feel better about yourselves even Brad Pitt is looking oldy and moldy With a curly cute penis or his 567.05. Oh sorry Tom Tom's sick his down he's taking notes pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line water. It's just so typical of a soft float It's so juvenile so soft a more he misses the big stories and then he takes one little slip of the tongue and makes a whole story about it And he's too much of a pussy even mentioned a person in their by name And he's talking about what's the point Tom? What's the point We understand that you've been intimidated that you've been devolved the clawed So just they're crawl back and keep right in your puppies is about the network TV shows Oh, don't forget to mark nights tonight that we see what's his name's hands back home Tom welling supposedly I don't know why are we supposed to be excited about that I'm I supposed to be excited about that. I don't care about Tom welling's ass. Does that what we've been asked? Huh To me there's just I mean seeing somebody naked from the back From the rear no matter who it is. I mean I could see like Britney Spears you'd like to see her naked from the rear right Front rear side Just talking about the rear right now just about the uh, beer action Back home the buck shot. I'll take it But it's generally speaking. I mean looking at the people naked from the rear just the first example Yesterday we had that story on our website US forces make your wacky strip and walk naked in public Full with pictures by the way. I don't see any private parts on their thank goodness We don't want to be putting no private parts on our website and Tom jico right a column about it I think the Royal sergeants and Lieutenant's really no time for sergeants But anyway, here's uh, it says on April 25th the newspaper that glided in Norway published photos of arm U.S. soldiers forcing Dag playing it forcing your vacuum into walk naked through a park on the chest of the men have been scrolled in Arabic phrase that Translites his alley babba thief A military officer states the men are thieves and this technique will be used again This is pretty good arc later and of course there's no no trial no uh, no nothing That's the point of the story It just decided to uh Pick these guys up and try them immediately and do this thing And brand them for life Brand in this crap on her chest and they're running around naked You got pictures nearby the way those of you who are really really desperate which I know covers a lot of ground in the sun And there's some money could people way off into background somewhere Probably might even be a hang in the dingling or something there you think or at least they are participle Hang in part is a dangling participle How about the dangling conversation by Simon and Garfunk what do you say or not doing music? Not yet We never did finish that one hit wonder stuff. No my way. You got it though. I still got it my drawers Still holding that for a really desperate time like you know next week Like next week Federal Ontario health ministers after meeting what let's see what they say in this fight. Thank you. Oh, I was the end Something good Much it's a great pleasure to be here this morning and The fight against stars here in the city of Toronto are the men and women standing behind the Yeah, yeah, great and let me say what a great pleasure It has been this morning for me to be able to spend even a few more got a you boring honey No, what if nobody wants to come here 19 before 11 at 5.60 WQM out in your place where everybody wants to go Oh, I got an announcement to make in the Sun Sentinel this morning little announcement They have their I guess they're not satisfied just doing it in the city link and what's the other one? New times Yeah, they're gonna get tons they're not satisfied we're just doing that the newspapers another doing their own to fill up some space your favorite restaurant the best pizza the best This and when I saw When I saw what they would pick for the best pizza. Oh my god. Oh I broke out into a cold sweat when I saw I've been through about a hundred years ago But the pizza loft in Broward County man is so heads and shoulders above the rest of that just because it's a spot my nigga I don't know what I mentioned but when I saw who they lost after I thought to myself man It must be a lot of people with the glasses with fizzy stuff and I'm to put their teeth in when they go to dinner He want to get you a great meal at a very reasonable price This is the place pizza law for a similar world's best child great Italian goodies big big portions everything Coop fresh to order and the prices are teeny and tiny anybody who wants it is kind of the pizza loft is really got to be a cheap Bastard of that pizza loves got combinations in a so if you're a three-dimensional three-dimensional little bit of this sample little bit of that they got chicken and meal seafood three different great kinds of pizza Calzone super subs and garlic rolls that are by far and away the best in the universe Pizza law got two locations for you now too the original power location is on the university drive between Griffin and 595 right beyond pair one imports and kitty quarter the great brand new arm in it look cafe call nine five four 916 88 84 take out for delivery and catering as low as five bucks per person nine five four nine One six 88 80 you want to sing great food to sing big portions in the same great deals the good news is now Out by me in plantation There's a new pizza loft corner of not hill and sunrise right beyond Walgreens call nine five four three eight two 3A two 1999 the food is consistently outstanding and the prices consistently affordable at the world famous pizza law Got off this Kind For 46 and 56, you speak of all in a family, one of our great bedtime stories on a website on urges.com that a halibutin all in a family is the name ahead of the store from cbsnews.com. After dropping more than 28,000 bombs on Iraq, the US is now begun the business of rebuilding the country and it promises to be quite a business. But at least 60 billion dollars to be spent over the next three years, the Iraqi people won't be the only ones benefiting, the companies that land the biggest contrast to do the workable cash in big time. And the early winners in the sweep thanks to rebuild Iraq have one thing in common, lots of very close friends in very high places cbs correspondence thief Crawford ports, one is Haliburton, the Houston-based energy services and construction giant is former CEO Dick Cheney is now the VP. Even before the first shots were fired in Iraq to Pentagon at secretly a secretly awarded Haliburton subsidiary, Kellogg Brown and Root a two-year-nobbed contract to put out oil fires and handle on the other unspecified duties involving more damage to the country's patrol industry worth up to $7 billion. And it goes on, you can read it, read it and weep. I'd like that must be just a coincidence, don't you think? Sure, of course. Although there is an article in here, on ABC News also, which you'll also read on our website pretty good one from ABC News, reason for war questioned Mark by John Cochran, White House officials say privately the 911 attacks changed everything. We sent a message. That was really the purpose, not all this other stuff, all the other excuses. To build its case for war with Iraq, the Bush administration argued that son who seen it weapons a mass destruction, but some officials now privately admit that the White House had another reason for war a global show of American power and democracy. Ha! I'm going to flex our muscle man and pick on an easy target that's got basically a military left and we're going to show them a thing or three. Officials inside government and vises outside told ABC News the administration emphasized the danger of Sodom's weapons to gain the legal justification for war from the UN and distressed the danger of at home to Americans. We weren't lying said one official, but it was just a matter of emphasis. Ha! Whatever that means. If weapons of mass destruction were not the primary reason for war, what was here? The official answer, and if officials and vises gave ABC news, I'm tongue-tied from this. Senior officials decided that unless action was taken, the Middle East would continue to be a breeding ground for a terrorist official spirit that young Arabs angry about their lives without hope would always be looking for someone to hate and that somebody would always be Israel and the US. See we did this so they'd like us better. Oh, working great in it. European thought the solution was to get a peace agreement between Israel and the Palestinians, but American officials felt a mid-East peace agreement would only be part of the solution, and certainly wouldn't up all those vittins and all those contracts for their good friends. Standing a message, so you can read that one also on our website, in its completion. Treat Williams as Detective Nancy Yellow in the Prince of the City, and you say, I'd never thought, I don't think so. Ted Levine, who the house had Levine? About the low bill. Yeah, all of these two. Oh, Ted Levine was Buffalo Bill, I'm boy, now. That was the best acting performance by anybody in the history of the movies. I mean, he was good. Was the funniest, no penis dance, I ever saw him in the movie? Are you ever saw Mad Dog dancer? No, no, I can't say that I have. Lawrence, the Levine and Marathon man. What are you saying? Not the best performance, however, I mean, it was a good movie, but. Well, it was in Marathon man. Dustin Hoffman. Dustin Hoffman, that's what I thought. When he drops. In the expansion, Josh and Chicago were very depressing. Neil, please do me a favor and take the pictures of the named Inditi Rocky Children off the website. No, no, we will not. The point has been proven. No, it is not. I was against the war, and I'm still against the war. I'm sick and tear to people who are mind-assizing the troops. I'm sure that there are some of them enjoying the military because of 9.11. But the majority of them are in their, to either help pay for college because their fathers and grandfathers were in there. I bet that many of them are against the war in Iraq, but they have a job to do, and not the business of questioning the task at hand, that can get them arrested. I'm really glad we have the military that we have. I appreciate the sacrifice the troops make to protect us all. I, however, don't like to see them as to make sacrifices. They're not as serve for the better. They're going to America as a Justin Chicago, and we will not take the pictures off the website. We will leave them up there in perpetuity. How do you like that? We're supposed to be very excited that the little kid, Ali, yeah. Not chemical, Ali. Just little Ali. They had the arms blown up. He's doing a lot better. How do you like that? He's doing great. Well, not great. Somehow I can't get all excited about that. I mean, I'm glad he's doing better. I just can't get all other sighted from me. He's going to be doing just fine. Is that good as he used to be? No. No. Until we decided to send him a message, a bomb of love. Fine. Ha ha ha. Remember that? Yeah. By the monotone's the bomb of love. Oh, that's a good one for Book of Brian. I wonder wonder who sent him to bomb alone. Could be the USA something like that. Huh? I like it. You should be writing this. I could, but I don't have the time. I'm too busy taking people to meal. I don't want to understand. Sure. You may think I'm joking about this, but today is D day. Bye, bye, remember, bye, bye, bye. Whole family, the God's image, but keep slump it around and slump it around. I go to Amsterdam for the summer last year. There they are. Hey, let's go to dinner. It's like some kind of a contest. How many meals can we get meal to buy us? You know, that's the whole deal. How much food can we get him to buy us? And even Ferrell at that awful deli that she's throwing me or still come up. But you know, we haven't gone to Ruth Christian such a long time. I said how many meals have I bought there for us at Ruth Chris? Which he bought one side of about 150 times we've been there. That's it. The freebies are over. I'm more concerned about like losing a couple of ounces in the same live as opposed to, you know, feeding these as slippers. We're living a much more expensive house than I do. I'll say that again. 5, 6, 7, don't forget it. Love it a clock. We'll get this a group up there. Got an Eric. Hey, Eric. He's not responding. WKOM. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I don't know. It seems to me like with the bush mice or even before we got elected that they had this plan going, that they were going in the Iraq and straightened stuff out over there. Right. We already had that on many, many times. Yes. Well, it's a shame. What years ago? What do we do about our country? What was that mean? I mean, what's an American to do? Let me know what's an American to do is back in the next year of voted next November when I do vote. But you know what? I feel like I got robbed when I voted last time. So you asked me a question if you just want to scream and shout and act like some kind of an overgrown-in-law. Martin Larkle. I'm a nice dog. Or we have to get rid of next November. That's the answer. All right. Well, that's what we'll do. OK, thank you. I'll work on it. I've got my registration card. I'm going to go vote 20 or 30 times. Very, very depressed about that one story I've talked about where to hell is it. I got so many bedtime stories. Yeah. About the fags. Seriously, I don't get it. I understand it. I just do not understand it. If you support them, then they'll turn around and they'll like you, and they won't put you in camp. Right. Wait, now I can't find that story. Probably you're fault. I'm sure. Maybe it's on the floor. It's not on the floor. regime change and have to come via a war. You know the strap talking about being a boy? Um, or here it is. Here it is. I got it. President puts lid on sand to him flat. I have another story about the same verse and to him thing. But this one by Julie Mason of the Houston Chronicle Washington Bureau on the Houston Chronicle newspaper. And she goes out about his governor of Texas president Bush bought the extension of hate crime laws to protect gaze opposed game mirrors. And once declined to meet with gay Republican setting the potential for a political nightmare. Even in the history, if you and politics were surprised last week when the White House remained tight lip for several days before defending Pennsylvania Senator a Republican Senator Rick Santorum for his remarks comparing homosexuality to incest, bigamy, polygamy and adultery. And then it goes on later on. I'm a boy. The whole story is on our website. The headline is President puts a little on sand to him flat. But later the story on page three is one paragraph that makes me so embarrassed and ashamed to want to pift my guts out. Who asserted that they talked about reaching out to gays has been part of GOP strategy to cut into margins of traditional Democrat voting blocks, which also includes blacks and Hispanics outside of the county that is. And then it says to a certain extent the effort is paid off. Exit polls showed Bush 125% or 1.1 million votes from voters who said they were homosexual. 1.1 million self-hating idiotic politically naive queens, queens with a death wish. So it's not just Jews for Hitler, it's fags for annihilation, same thing, fags with the earth. So that whole business of our log cabin Republicans and all these other self-hating facts, you make me sick. Okay, you make me nauseous. I hope that Matt Dreddy looks with it with that damn blue dress with somebody else's stain on it because it sure won't be his. 560, 560, pound 560, I can work that for what, it's a little bit good. 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 5 60, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560 pound 560, pound 560-pour, quarterpound 50, pound 680, another pound 660, pound 1060 Thank you Michaelam Good bye Uncle Jim Dick! Dann sick thank you Could you have these with these really mic? I want stuff until the lens is all mine! Oh, I give you a lucid little help from my friends. I'm back to the little help from my friends. Oh, I can't prove with a little help from my friends. Yes, I'll kill you with a little help from my friend with a little help from my friend. Please, please, be a lot and kill you! Eric, Eric, Andy, what's your call? The guys that I blew up the plane? Oh, yeah. Facing the Canadian justice system, if convicted, they're going to go six months without a pot. Oh, man. Alex is, Alex is another chronic fracture. We just got some band-taste. Gary is an agency in ransom. Never saw it. Tommy Lee Jones in the fugitive, or could that be the fugitive? Mel Gibson in Graveheart? Sigourney Weaver? When did the operation take place? Will Smith and Ali and Pierce Brosnan is double? Well, that's got to be the worst list I've ever seen in my life, Alex. You're not good, Beliecier consistent. Man. Here's another one. Lou in the Bahamas is also got problems. Sean Connery in the Hill, 1965. I don't even know what that movie was. The Hill? Was there about an idea, Hill? 1972's sleuth, Lawrence Olivia, or Michael Kane? Well, when you decide which one you want, Lou let us know. Sleuth. That was a good movie. Never saw it. Always the best movie Michael Kane was ever in. Always the one he played the switch with Christopher Reeve. Always the name of that movie. I forgot. That was pretty good. The one that I saw was, and now I can't take it in the name of it. And then where he got his hand cut off in the trunk of his car? Oh yeah. And a hand started running around killing people. That was the hand. Which was kind of a takeoff. I'm eating him up a song's the flayed hand. Was it? In fact, that's safe. I was going to go to Ruth Chris. That's probably what I had. Some flayed hand. In my rear pocket for my wallet. No chance. No more Ruth Chris, not this year, not for this kid. I love the place, but no way. The amazing part of it is you know that they actually would take a reservation for four for the four of them. I hope they have a wonderful time. 560, 050, 050, 050, 050, 080, 080, 080, 080, 080, 080, 080, 080, 080. I was just, I was just, I was just funding. So whatever you got, let's do with it. The pool is up. I'm predicting because I see you and I both put it on there. Let's go. Let's get with it, Eric. Come on. Let's go. It's three minutes after 11 o'clock. Get off your dead fat lesie. Yes. Up there in Orlando. Okay. Let's go. Let's go. Right. God is he slow. Sure. So that's the way all fan people are. That's why we're fat because we don't move real quick and we're like let's charge it and we're busy eating both hands in our push. Come on. Fat. So let's go sweetheart. WCWM. WCWM. WCWM. Oh, let's go. I'm coming. They're on. They're on two late. Two late use. I'll just like Eric, man. Slow. Lazy. They're busy eating their shovel and food and they're pushed. Now when I think of what that website used to be before we looked out to find and being a brand of it overpass, it used to be an embarrassment to me. WCWM. Yeah. Hi. What did he get to talk to me? Speaking. Deal? Yes, I am. Um, I just wanted to know something. Um, is does your mom deny that you're her son? I think you're part of her. Or is she proud of you for bringing in the empty stomach? Oh, brother. Where did this come from? Where did this come from? Yeah. Where does this insanity come from? I don't think I'm quite insane. Um, so I like it to make it a full me easy. No, my psychiatrist doesn't really know. I'm really okay. I know. I'm really good at that. But I don't make fun of the Holocaust. I don't make fun. I know you certainly did like the restaurant. I think you were talking about it. Let me say it again. I was like, I experienced it out here. Okay. Two, a Holocaust to the Holocaust. Let me say that. So if you're saying to humor on a scale of zero, get lost bitch. Okay. I'll see you in the show. Caxalhoys. How do you like that? Oh, my god. Let's ring our hands. If you can't have a sense of humor about just about anything sweetheart, then life ain't worth living. Okay. Rush and rule out without any empty chambers. Time's good to me. Five, six, seven, five, six. My mother is very, very proud. She quails. Okay. And she says that I bought her that condo when she's living in there when free and life is pretty in. But then we'll drag like her. And brought her a car. No car payments. No apartment payments. That's right. She told my pretty damn good. Can't say it the other way around. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. Pond, five, six. Let me say it again. It was the Doc how I experienced. Maybe got the name wrong. Okay. Wasn't the outfits, Dilly? Let's come over, ring to it. It was a grotesque, a horrendous experience. Let me tell you right now that the people said, would it just let him out of camp? They wouldn't have eaten there. It's a fact. I'm Antonio. It would not have touched a fool in that play. It would have gone in there. They wouldn't have darkened that door. Stop making fun of the Holocaust. I'm not making fun of the Holocaust. I'm making fun of this rumor and his name choice and restaurant. It was grotesque. Somebody could weigh in the chronic line nine. Do you have a rubber canero-ranging bowl? Yes. Because what did he ever do? Do you need a... Hmm. Well, I'd say to the chronic line nine. Is that a bit of QIM? Yes, I need a. Yes, sir. How are you today? Okay. This is a gym last time spoke to you last week. Go ahead. How are you doing? I'm doing okay. How come you're calling again, Jim? I just wanted to make a suggestion for a movie. I look for the show most every day. Oh, but you didn't mention that in that long pondless letter that you wrote to the newspaper. I know, but I suggest some of that was Matthew Brotter, and Sarah Fieler's day off. Is the greatest all-time performance by an actor? I loved it. I thought it was a best movie and best performance I've ever seen and any movie I've ever watched. The best movie and the best performance. You're gay. Hey, I'm not gay. That was George. That wasn't made. Don't blame me. I know who that was. Yeah. I'm okay. Great. Good luck, Jim. Thank you. Have a good day. And you too. Or not as a case maybe. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pond 5, 60, only. That's the professional job it's called before book. People like her just make my skin curdle. Make my blood boil. Don't they? Do they? Don't see the pull as up by the way. Do you see it on there? Carlos? I do. He's working on it. That was a big list. Oh, says that I gave it to him an alphabetical order, so he had to go through it and see what he already had. Ah, get out of here. You're already already. What are you talking about? There aren't that many on here. It is about 20 in the name of this thing so far. Oh, my God. Once again, here it is. It's 8 minutes past 11. We start of this thing. Nice and early in and on a clock hour. And between these two guys. But I'll be. But I won't get your act together. Okay. Get your act together. Sorry. No, not you. I'm talking about fat man up there in Orlando. He's probably got 60 that I'm got them breakfast sandwiches from Burger King. Those co sandwiches with a bacon and cheese with no egg. Mmm, I love him. WCWAM? Hello? Yes sir. Hey, now you don't. Okay. Real quick point. If you could please, I'm begging you. You'll put the asthma Mickey Mouse this on your website. I'll have a lot of people who want to hear them. Okay. And secondly, did you have any test the Tom Broker interview of dumb dumb W book? You know, you really think I would watch that? No, but it was an interesting point. That kind of proved everything that you've been saying was right about Burger King. Tom Broker, he was explaining how the plan changed for the war. Then what he dropped the bomb, trying to catch on from the plane. And then at the beginning of war. And he said, Rump's the old call to me said, Mr. President, the plan of change. And then he realized what he said, he said, no, no, no. But you know, he can't change. And he said, Mr. President, can we change the plan? So he kind of caught him Phil Sand, what everybody's been saying. And he's not the one in charge. Everybody else is running there. Well, anybody with a brain knows that was to lose him out. Right. Okay, Mr. President. Okay, me, well, thank you. Let's see, Sydney Parkier, Raisin and the Sun. What? Is that the one with the blind chick? I have no idea. I don't even have any movies that I've ever heard of. The best acting performance in the history of the motion picture in Sydney. If they were to say, yes, who's coming to dinner with Sydney, party, right? Right. Sure. We'll put that on there, but they didn't say that. Raisin and the Sun. Black to wait for a second endorsement on it, because I never heard of that. That's what needed to do. Being a boy sure is on it. I heard that. But one of the blind chick that I saw it. And it's good, but not the best acting job, you know, by him, even that probably not even the best acting job in that movie. I mean, I looked at like that thing for the jaws. Right. For the guy that played the crusty old captain on the ship. That's the bet. Let me let me read this again. What was the best all-time performance in a movie by an actor? How about Tom Deloys and Fatso? Okay. Then you see what? Huh? Yeah. That's more like it. Tom Deloys Fatso. That was a sensational acting job, along his piece he didn't have to act too much. Especially in the feeding frenzy scene. I don't think any of my head act too much in that scene to be honest with it. I got an end on you. Exactly. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line WQAM. Yeah. Yes, sir. I got the winner. Okay. Leachie and Cobb are on the loan of front. Excellent. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. I wouldn't say that's the winner, but he deserved it. Leachie and Cobb put it down. On the waterfront. For some people at Marlon Brando on the waterfront. And what about from the excesses? What Linda Blair? I realize there were a lot of special effects in it that enhanced her performance. But wouldn't she say she was sensational, I'm moving? Yeah. No, okay. Okay. Okay. It was a trial balloon. It was just like what the administration does on it. I just floated out there and as usual, you'd pump you this. I make a local, 16, 5, 60. The radio's on your top. Oh, my, QAM. No, who I am? I'm Mo Green. I made my phone when you were going out with cheerleading. Tonight on Fox, lock up the bagels and cream cheese and prepare for a wild ride when Fox presents When Jews attack. Sponsored by the committee to a leg George W. Bush and by KFC. Where you can get the new GOP bucket. The GOP bucket is all white meat, right wings and OE 2995. When Jews attack. She died on Fox. I left 15 at 5, 60. Maybe she'll call back again. Okay. We can get her whipped up into her friends and she can start squeezing the bag. That old bitch? Oh no. What was the best all-time performance in a movie by an actor rescue today? And some of the stuff that you people are as usual on these service. Some of it is so ludicrous. I mean, nobody's even called in Josh Hart in the year with 40 days and 40 million. What I'm saying? What he said. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. All these old, garbage keys out there. Okay, just get lost. Go out there and get some humontash ready for next forum. It's a long ways away. We can never ever have too many. First, I'm a racist now. And anti-Semite. What's going to be next? Are we going to start with a Cubans again? Very good. Oh, you're almost all that goes without saying. WDQ, I am. 11? Yes, sir. Is this real? Yes, sir, sounds like me. Oh, no. Anybody who can't have a pick and 12 angry men? We need you a cub and we found a jackpot. That woman, EG Marshall. I mean, talk about male actors, my god. The letters have quintessential acting performance. I mean, we're asking who gave the best acting performance. I want to pick, but I'll give you another one. Who was all the look and the academy awards. Yes. And that was Sydney, Claudia, and WDQ in the sun. Huh? Well, I was, oh my god, we blew it. We didn't eliminate this guy. Gee, we forgot this guy out there. So that's what a blind check. Uh, not raising the sun is a family living in Chicago. That's looking to buy a house in a white neighborhood. Never mind. We're in Hemsbury, uh, play. And it's filmed like a play. It only comes with one room. It's a men's son. And then they gave it to him the following year for release of the field. Now, this wasn't related like Terry Jackson's season's in the sun. No, no, no. No. Because you're in the sun, it's a William Hemsbury play, which we'll tell you. Okay, you're the second one, so I'm going to put it on there. Okay. Thanks. Sydney, pa, TA. Okay. Raisin in the sun. Or as we say in South Florida, prune in the sun. Now, for raisin was a grape. Our prune was a plum, right? Right. And there are prunes anymore. They're having trouble. They were having trouble marketing them as prunes. So now they're, so now they're dry plums. Okay. I wonder if you know if they give you the dry five six seven, five six seven, five six, there goes Tom Jick again. He's making notes. He's marketing a time 11 19 Monday 28. Just lighten up a little bit. Tom is stopping such a pussy while you're at it. Okay. Stop being such a cowardly little lion. You think I should take line nine? W to Q I M. Is this Neil? Yes sir. No, it's not Neil. Okay. It's not Neil. Sorry, Neil, just get in guide. How are you? Okay. I'm going to do it to be when I grew up. Steep a queen in the greatest gate. Yeah. Which I thought was awesome. And I know he's on there a couple of times already, but I thought Dustin Hoffman and the graduate was terrific too. Okay. Thanks. You bet. No. Dustin Hoffman and the graduate. That movie to me was highly overrated. Thank you. The only reason that it was a big deal was because it was a head of its time. And was considered like taboo, you know, and bankrupt. She was, I love and bankrupt, but she was, she was old then. Right. Yeah. I'm in a real old, not ancient, but she was, and I love when she said, You're way to you, ladies. That was my favorite. No, actually she was better in Fatsau than she was in M. Moving. No question. Right? She was great in Fatsau and Fatsau. In fact, she wrote Fatsau, I believe, and directed it. That's right. I mean, Dom Della, we get all the credit because he most of the food. Except for the old lady in the store who ate the one, remember that? Nah. How better not? Well, maybe, nah. Okay, I'll have one. Remember that part? Okay, I'll have one. And then, when the scene went to the doctor, the dye and doctor, we're totally funny. Look. Oh, that was phenomenal. Do not eat grapes, do not eat fish, do not eat pizza. Do not, that rink of a pole, talking about a prune. Rink of a pole nurse. She was the best. Was on you for you? Kale for me with chicken. Poiled chicken. Boyle chicken. Boyle chicken. Wow. WQAM. Good morning. How are you? Pretty good. This is a cherry sochak. I have a great movie. Yeah. It's a John Cervalta in Greece. Oh, my God. That was just on me of the day here. I love that movie. You love John, we've all done, huh? Yeah, excellent. I'll say hi to Tim Horton for us. Thank you. Okay, thanks, sir, Terry. Terry, sochak, off from the other side. Maybe Bill Barulco is going to be called in the next hour. 560, 050, 5060, pound 560. Are we going to put that down? I don't think so. No. We shouldn't put too many of them down. Well, you know, I mean, we could put down a thousand of them. But then of course, there are a couple of really good men out of shape and all pork them because, you know, it's an awful lot of work for a fact. I've got for him up there. Pleasure. So they're busy. He's got conference calls. He's got a thousand other clients. He's getting pissed off because Carlos embarrassed him by upgrading our website so brilliantly. Isn't he upset, Carlos? What was the best all-time performance in a movie by an actor? We're going to do actresses tomorrow. You got it? Yeah. You know who I'm thinking I'll correct this right off the bat? Uh-huh. Who? Are you starting with Eric again, you too? You're not fooling me. I don't even have to, I don't even know webcam. I don't need to be there. I'm like a little fly under wall from 1,200 miles away. I was starting to say before you went in, you're spending a lot of your special attacks. I was about to say Betty Davis in whatever happened to Baby Jane. Okay. I've grown Crawford would be good, but I thought I thought Betty Davis was better and in you. Yeah. I don't know how to big data hers, but that was a good performance. That's not the question. I don't think it's a big spanned. So we're going to see, we've done it. Who's your favorite actor? Who's your favorite actress? Who's the best? We're asking the best all-time performance in a movie by an actor. Even if you despise them, people don't say them like poison. Never liked her, but that was a great thing. Why didn't you like Betty Davis? She earned her face bug me. I mean, I couldn't understand her. Crawford with a shoulder pad, her denial-yield ducky thing, her too. Yeah. Overrated. I would agree with that. Much to do about nothing. She don't Crawford. Daniel Day Lewis and my left foot. There's serious. They got all kinds of, I don't know. Yeah, they hear you can do. You might have wanted to answer something from that. Daniel Day Lewis and my left foot. Yeah. Oh, they're serious. Everybody. One of the most acclaimed films of our time is now the musical event of the decade. You're looking for an animal you're looking for an animal you're looking for. A story of what it means to hope, a story of what it means to hope. Sorry, I can't even be a word with a Daniel Day Lewis. That's what it's all about. My left foot. The musical. You put your left foot back in, you put your left foot back out. My left foot. The musical. This guy, he's putting his best foot forward. See, there you go. You name it. We got, are we going to put that on there for serious? You told me. I don't know. I never saw that movie. Let's put it down. Are you okay? Who were them? Daniel Day Lewis and my left foot. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6. If you're going to put your foot in your mouth, they always make sure it's your left foot. Although, that used to be that's before bush got it. Now make sure it's your right foot. WDQAM. Hello. Yes. Yeah, I like the boat. I'm very important. I like to go to the pole. Go ahead. Henry Fonda. To Great The Red. Henry Fonda, the grapes are okay. Thanks. Don't eat too many though because, Are you advanced age? What do you say? Henry Fonda and the grapes are grand? I don't know. It was so long ago. I'm not putting that down. We're not putting an A movie before 1800. We're not putting on there. What? We sure got a lot of oldie moldies out there. Did you know it? And it all fetched it call before bitching me out of my hand. I said, I might have missed. I'm that I should really croak. I should do it. He endured something like that. You got the gay part right. WQAM. Have a meal? Yes, sir. Have a meal. Listen, I know. I know. For Cheetos on the list already. Don't be defensive. Give us your best choice here. Okay. I was absolutely riveted by his performance in a sense of a woman. Go. The film he won, the Academy of War, for me. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Who? Who? When he got pulled over by the policeman while he was driving the Ferrari. Yeah. And immediately in that film, I felt that he was without. And I thought the performance was just absolutely fantastic. Really? I was wondering if you might put that on the list. No, but thanks anyway. TOO! There's one of the worst movies ever saw in my life. I did like Chris O'Donnell, but that's because he kept taking his pants off. Huh? I still haven't seen it. Don't. Don't please. Do yourself a big favor. As a matter of fact, you know, that would be another good pull. What movie would you recommend for people never to go see? Oh, that's good. Huh? Movies that you've seen that, and we'll save that for a Friday. But if something like that was... It's movie week on the Neorodges show. Oh, what a how not. Okay. Let's lighten up a little bit. I got a few bedtime stories in here. Including, I'm going to read one of the second time, which I rarely do. Not that much of it. Just about 45 pages. Oh, seriously. Just a little bit. William is where your mervers pit. New York Times best on the author. Who's got two books, War on Iraq and the greatest submission of silence. It did just like a page, really. And I read this a couple of weeks ago, but this deserves to be read again. I mean, it's just... He just got to stum right on it. For those people out there that are trying to rationalize this insanity that's going on, I'll call the American government. I just mentioned that in passing. 1127 at 560 W.C. If you've been thinking about buying a new barbecue or any barbecue accessories, you must go to one place, barbecue's the Lord. Why? Because of the best. Get a head start on the barbecue in season with a perfect real nocturne. There's all at the guaranteed lowest prices in the world. The barbecue's galore carries barbecue's in every price range from the top of the line commercial grade stainless steel grill to the more portable rubber charcoal grill. Their popular three burner cook-on has a generous 625 square inch cooking area, and 42,000 VTUs offer a great low price. Get it on a hardwood steel or enclosed grill card for just 399 bucks, or upgrade to the sleek black pedestal base really sharp looking for just 439 bucks. For all your barbecue needs at the guaranteed low prices don't forget this is the only place you need to be thinking about barbecue's galore with two locations for you. They're in plantation and university between the Fountain Shopping Center called 9504-423400. 423400 and a curl springs there at 7485 West Sample Road at the corner sample in Rock Island Road called 9504-757668. 7557668 don't forget for the biggest lesson of barbecue anywhere in the USA its barbecue's galore. 6558 I'm listening from traders to vendors are below the market right now. 12557997  Let's be careful for this video for Rhina, for example, then do you have it or not? These customers don't spike up The Jack burger and a large fries! Sorry, pal, we're cleaning the grease fryer. We don't have any french fries today. Okay, uh, they just give me a smaller'd refrise, please. Oh, up Chief, maybe you didn't hear me. And I said we don't have any f*** fries today, so I'm not something else. Okay, then uh, just give me an order of fries. Ah, listen up pal, who put the straw and straw berry? They'd you do that's right, nature did. No put the ape and ape for God. They'd you do that's right, nature did. Now listen carefully. Who put the freak in french fries? There ain't no freak in french fries. That's what I'm trying to tell you, but breath right no freak in french fries. Now get out of my sight before I shut your teeth so far and out on your f***ing throat. You'll have to sit on a Jack burger to eat it. Oh, I'm gonna have a nice day. He's killing a man Jack Nicholson, cook was nice 23. Mr. McMurphy. Man, it was a good movie. You know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna go at me at the DVD today. Okay, cook was nice. Because I got a lot of time to kill because I'm not gonna be around the apartment and I'm gonna be answering the phone. I'm just not. I'm not, I'm I'm done. I'm absolutely done with them. I just this whole performance of this here was just uh, beyond description. Al Pacina was Scarface 18, Marlon Brando and a godfather 18. Anthony Hopkins, silence of the lands 14. George, he's got pat 9. Dustin Hoffman, Rain Man 8. Peter Finch and Edward Scott 7. All right. Excellent and down from there. Now Marlon Brando, we've had a couple people stand to waterfront. Now who do we we had Lee J. Coverman, waterfront and at the time and I say to that caller, we probably ought to put Marlon Brando on the waterfront. Let's do that Carlos. Where do you, whoever got it? We got it. Marlon Brando on the waterfront. A Surveillance in his bridge and a river cry. We gentle with a cry. Got it? Got it. On the waterfront. Even recent was in there. Oh and speaking of actresses when we do the one of Marlon, the greatest performance by an actress of all time and any movie ever. How about Kathy Bates in misery? Oh yeah. Since I was thinking of James Conemey, James Con was great in the godfather, but he was no Marlon Brando. The thing you put in brains alone, be a nice side of Lee. So, uh, he was great. You think we ought to put him in there for the godfather? Listen to it. The thing you put in brains alone be a nice side of Lee. He was great. Pretty dramatic. What are you gonna do? Nice college boy, yeah? They want to get mixed up in the family business. And now you want to go and down a police captain one because he slapped you in a face a little bit. And what do you think? This is the only way you shoot him a mile away. You got to get a post like this. The thing you put in brains alone be a nice side of Lee. So, come in. Nah, you're taking a spedty part. Take it a very personal thing. We got to put him on James Con, a godfather. Now he'd be okay for misery too, but I think he was much better in godfather. Huh? Absolutely. Or everybody was great in godfather. There was also great in the brain song. Wasn't that James Conemey's in brain songs? But there was such a surpy, tear-jur-ha-n-o-y. That was like last-y come home or whatever that was. Five sticks. Did you lock heart? Five six, seven, five, five, six, five, six, six on the AT&T and Veralt-C. Marlon Brando and a waterfront such a subtle performance of an overpowering character. The scenes with a girl, him giving her his gum following her and I'm just reading Claudia's facts. And of course the scene is, well, Carl Maldon and his brother and a car. Carl Maldon and a big nose. Do you know, Carl Maldon is still alive? So I hear. And he's got this illness. Have heard what they call it. Were your eyelids droop? Okay. I don't remember what that is. But at any rate, I read about me one of the tablets. And so we had to go to some specialist because he was going blind because his equipment keep his eyes open. Huh. Kind of like when you listen to Mosho, you can't keep your eyes open. And so the doctor, it puts this kind of like spring-like thing about his eyelids. So on the inside, so they stay open now. Yeah. 92, Carl Maldon. Love Carl Maldon. Good actor. He was also an all-fall down. Right. Oh, how about Brandon to will? They're all fall down. Under the side. You never saw that with Warren Bady? Right. Never. How about Warren Bady in Bugsie? Okay. Or shampoo. Also Claudia says, Marlon Brando in last hang one, Paris. It says, oh, that was a butter for a month. I don't know why because I didn't see the movie. I'm butterwoman. They do what I don't want to hear what they were doing with it. Because it comes to go right about whatever you said. George did a time I didn't do it. I want you to cut your fingernails off so you can shove your fingers. Oh, no. That's dope. No. And that was one of the cleaner parts in the movie. Oh, but it was. We don't want to hear about no disgusting stuff like that because that little Tommy or right nautical about that. When speaking little people, when a little Mady Belgoon comes out since they're Tuesday or Wednesday, this week, Tuesday or Wednesday, this week. Really? Really? You're ready to go to work on that? No. Then we get the hour by hours on this rating book that came out on Friday. I want the most psychotic days in the history of this program. We're number one. Demi. And Mo moved up in the world. They're here tonight's book. I'm pretty sure with our assistance in the night of 10 hour. We don't know about the maddog because at all, he has lumped in there into the attend to three. I'm sure he did fine. The Humper moved up a little bit. Denny moved from a four to two. I think before eight men, he was number three. We were number one in Mo. Moving up to number five. But you still got a way to go. Mo, lift that baby up there a little bit. Lift it up. Okay. And the piece, too. I think about it. Get dry concepts in there. Like dry clean his hair pieces. Jack Nicholson, Kukus, and I don't have any drop-ins. I've played the jacket of box. We don't have any drop-ins from Kukus. And that's the way. Nothing I can think of. No. Not yet, Peter Boy. I just mentioned that in passing since Peter Boy did such a great job on a godfather ones. We need a lot more godfather ones, too. Right? Shall we go right now? You broke my life. You broke my life. And then there was my favorite. Leave the god. Take the could always. Oh god. Anybody ancient in the godfather. We're going to like to deport you. We're going to send you to Mexico. Being a boy's making arrangements right now is a matter of fact. Okay. So let's see. What are we got? I'm not going to be the holestigan. The most recent ones. Please take a cab on a waterfront. Paul Newman, coolhand Luke. Somebody said Paul Newman in the hustler. Right? What do you think? I thought his performance in coolhand Luke was way better than what I mean. Or in his board nine and Marty. No. How about Marty? I thought you were joking. I'm reading the list. Okay. How about my Kale's Navy? All right. There you go. That's great. We packed to kill a mockingbird. Oh, I get that Jewish show, bitch. All upset. It was a movie about anti-symethism. She ought to watch it. Okay. I think it was about her. George C. Scott Pat and we got that on there. Thank you. Correct. We have several on here. But anyway, it says I just told him, please tell me if he's a banana. Raymalan the lost weekend. That's a hundred years ago. Raymalan. I mean, Raymalan was a good actor, but that's a thousand years ago. How about fellow Lagosia Dracula? Aha. Huh? All right. No? I'm agreeing. Are you kidding me? Fellow Lagosia Dracula that could have been a great, that could be the winner right there. Don't you agree Carlos? Yes. Please don't tell me you never saw that. Please. I'm sorry. I see it. Huh? I see it. And you didn't take that was an unbelievable acting performance? It was a very good acting performance. Even if he never spoke even who would have been a silent movie, which was 32 and it was just a few years just the eyes just his eyes alone. That's seen where where he stares down professor by housing. These really have to know how to act by enhancing come here. Remember that? And he takes one step forward once that back and he holds up the crucifix. Then it's gonna go see the middle. They're like that. That's when he started doing that. He saw the crucifix in a wolf pain. He tried to smoke it. I know this. The moon. Smoke it or shoot it. And we're gonna make a smoke and wolf pain legal and candid a couple of days. Then work on a real good stuff. All this bull crap with America. We can't do this and you can't do that. This is illegal and that's illegal. Everybody's gotta go to jail and y'all. All this to talk about concentration camps, man. That lady. She ought to thank me for bringing up the memory again. Because if we leave up to this administration, they're gonna be a lot of us heading off to a free summer camp. I'll guarantee you that. Lady. Twenty-two known as five sixty WQM and the summer time out of the most important things your homenshow photos your pool. And if you got a crappy pool that looks dirty and stain and really maybe it's even cracking too, then I gotta cut it. So just say no mole messing my pool and call our good friends at Atlantic Marseille to straighten out that mess for you. These are just a couple of pool guys that drive up and down a tool around town. Pool tool guys that drag around little beat up rusty old pickup truck with a bunch of pool crap at a back. This is a real construction company. Real professionals look it up in the book. These only full-time employees not subcontractors. Atlantic Marseille specializes in the most incredible innovation in the pool business in a century, Diamond Bright. Atlantic Marseille's been pouring it on for 12 long years. They're licensed to ensure professionals who even know their stuff and not only they know it but they know it's so well. They train other companies internationally how to do Diamond Brighting Brighting Bright. They'll give you the same price that give to the contractors as well. You'll find them in North Miami, Broward and Palm Beach. So call it Atlantic Marseille to the biggest and the best and dollars of Diamond Bright anywhere in South Florida. They'll come right to you with absolutely no obligation. They'll give you a free estimate. They do a super job of pool and decorations. Custom lighting, pool heating and exotic water features too. For the best job at the Ferris Price Call Atlantic Marseille toll free, 1-800-558-8883. Tell that old Neil who's swimmed ice from like a whale. And you I float like a beach whale and float like a butterfly. Call the landing Marseille 1-800-558-8883. Don't forget Diamond Bright do it right because Diamond Bright is a pool's best friend. Here. The following is a paid public service announcement from the International White Policy Association. Let's face. Most of us will never be rich. Hell, we probably won't even be successful and that's pretty damn depressing. But as usual with every problem, there is a solution. Hi, I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns. They scare the sh** out of people and intimidate them and give you whatever you want. That's right handguns. Think about it. Need some cash? Drop a bank. Don't have enough money prepared? All the convenience store. Take some chips and pretzels wire in. It's all free if you've got a handgun. Some son of a bitch, cheating on your girlfriend? Kill him. It's a simple solution, a life's complex problem. Why have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner. Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days who cares? By the damn thing of the street, just buy a lot of handguns. It's a great alternative to working problems out and if he considered a population control. Yes, handguns. They just might make your veins. What do you have a problem with the audio on the internet, are we? Who you asking? No, anybody. No. Because this one of facts you said, it says they're in the ETA when I can listen to the internet again. I'm in Broward, the Amor Cephny's Horrible. Just as Eric Flussing. Eric is listening and Lin is listening. You're a good friend of Ensamials. Because she just turned me out of a story that I got right here about which is why I play that handgun thing. I'll get to in a second. It's signed. Thank you. D. Kennedy. Maybe it's Dr. James Kennedy. Maybe he can't. Since I vote for Dustin Hoppen as Rayman or Al Pacina was devil and devil's advocate. Could you please play one of the Mickey Mouse? Yes, I will thank you, D. Kennedy. Thank you, Dr. Jim. Speaking of anti-Semitism. Not you, Factor. Anyway, this is disturbing CNN, but not surprising. Florida Governor Jim Bush thanked an National Rifle Association Saturday for helping elect his president his brother president in 2000. Bush, the keynote speaker with the gun lobby's annual convention, noted that 48% of voters in the 2000 presidential race were gun owners based on exit polls. And our support plate of key role in several states including Florida, where the vote was so close at the US Supreme Court, why we know that. We're not free-active involvement at safe to save our brother would not be present in the US younger Bush. It said, oh, another reason to despise the NRA. Say Oivee to the NRA. The governor said he and his brother vote support the NRA's contention that the second amendment to the US Constitution which contains the right to be wrongs is an individual right with few restrictions. The sound all-way to the here, this, oh my god. Heinrich Kimner would be so proud of this. I'll tell you right now. Do I understand the stop-o-king strike of everyone? The sound of our guns is the sound of freedoms said Bush to thunderous applause from the gun group. This in a country and in a state where they stole the election from the public, but nevertheless. Earlier, gun control advocates protested outside the Orlando Convention Center where the NRA was meeting. Now, this must have been a meeting where Charlton was fumbling around, right? Must have been. Yeah. Members of the Brady campaign and a million-mom March were protesting the NRA's legislative agenda, which includes allowing a ban on certain assault weapons to expire in 2004 and giving gunmakers immunity from product liability lawsuits. We believe the public does not want oozes in AK-47s with large magazines that hold dozens of rounds back in the neighborhoods said murder merely blek. Director of the Midian-Mah March. Blek, not Drake. Blek. How do you like that, huh? The governor said, oh that line at one line. It is chilling. The sound of our guns is the sound of freedom. I bet you the Iraqi start so too, don't you? It was the Iraqi freedom. Separate those stupid ones that got in the way. Right. And the sound of bombs must be the sound of joy and freedom. Oh. The ultimate emancipation. Like I told you, death by elimination. I mean, what was it? The emancipation by elimination. Whatever it is. I think I was right the first time. Here's Big Arne says, is anybody said Jack Nicholson and the Shining? Here's Johnny. Good choice. Yeah, good tag already wrote it down. Jack Nicholson and the Shining Jack's already leading the way with Kupu's nest. 31 vote. Marlon Brando and the godfather, 22. Al Pacino and Scarface, 21. Why about the Rocky Itch of a Rio? And Kipassi was saying. I mean, he was in Scarface. Yeah, he was. The way better acting job than Al Pacino did. I'll tell you. Really? Yeah, I thought so. I thought that would be so long, girl. And I would never see it again. That was campy. There was really weak. It was godfather three, like Pacino's performance in that movie. Maybe they should fear you. Remember that? Mm-hmm. See, I don't know. I mean, yeah, there was a lot of bad performances near Eli Wallach. I mean, he should ate the canola before they made the movie. But, but so pretty. And so, fear, wow. I mean, come on. And that's another one. You know, that's actually going to happen right in the beginning. Then we've been a lot better. Kika, to god shot while he was sitting there eating the canola. Get a two-for-deal. But as much criticism as that movie gets for the week dialogue, they're not enough people who are going to the weakest part of it. And that is the attempt to go back to the first two and bring back lines and to do it in such a corny and put it away. How about what was the point in that? We remembered what the first two were all about, recycling, cheap and easy. Oh, but recycling the same lines and doing it poorly? The Michael. Now they will fear you. Maybe they ought to fear you. But who bench? And then they were in a kitchen just before he goes into his diabetic stroke. And don't ever tell anybody outside the family. And the meantime, they're not talking to anybody outside the family because they're also there in a kitchen. It's them. It's the Gantzamesh Fusca. The Gantzamesh Fusca. Right? Right? So he did just throw in a line there from the first one where he's talking to Santino about after they have the meeting there with the what's his name? Always his name. I forgot. Come on. Always that's a lot. Salotso. Oh. See leave it ten old for like me. I got no brain. I got Alzheimer's and I know Salotso. And that his name was Virgil Salotso. How do you like that? Messed with a guy like me on a godfather. You're gonna talk about it. Oh my god. Yeah. But anyway, so after that scene, he tells Santino, don't ever tell anybody outside the family what you're thinking. What's the matter with you? I think you're playing too much comedy without you, I'm girl. That's where that scene was. I think you brains are going to support. Yeah. Don't think you play the brains a lot. Be nice. I believe soon. It's a moment. I thought you were in the song. Exactly. So then they bring that line back in the kitchen just before it goes into his lab that it cuts spasm there. Just totally out of place does make any sense. I'll tell you really bugs me as Andy Garcia. What the movie did I see him in recently? He gets on my nerves and out maybe. Maybe it's because of that alien. Must be he's only ever been adequate in movies. Right. No, but I'm saying maybe that's why he bugs me. Maybe I'll pull that against him which I did because I thought that was, I mean you talk about pandering. Unbelievable pandering. He had a right to do it but I just I thought it was pathetic. Heming Gloria Stefan. Did we mention this on Friday? Yep. Oh, well I forgot we had so much stress going on on Friday. And you're going to see always stress that like the hot temper cuban that always beats up on his women. Every movie that he has to punch out a woman. And he's always playing the same. Always the same role. Just like for poor, what's his name? Joey Zaza. You give him a message. Ben Kingsley and sexy beast. I've seen it listed on the cable station. I want to ask you, Rob, by Russell Crowe. I don't think so. I don't think so. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T on WQAM. Hello. Hello, Dale. Yes sir. How are you? Good. Hey, I got a question for you. Would you read the paper order? $10 million on the turnfike species. So more people would get on it. No. They've got the sun passes from county line road north. They could spend $110 million on that and get more people on a road as supposed to be free instead of spending on education in Florida. Mm-hmm. So for my boat for the poll, any of the bushes for a leadership role. Okay. What? Why? Hmm. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60. Anybody have any idea what he just said? No. WQAM. QAM. Hello. Hey. Ah. See it work. Steve McQueen. In fact, we're on. We're just in half of it. Steve McQueen and what? Happy on. Oh, happy on. Happy on. Yeah. All right. How about fall maneuver in the hustler? Okay. Thanks. We already got pull them in. We already asked about that. Steve McQueen and Pappy on. I agree. That's pretty good. Mm-hmm. Got it? Got it. Two else by the way. That's right. You would know. That's French. I know that. That's what I'll be on. We. 5, 6, 7, 0, 0, French. Well, is it a freedom movie? Ha ha ha ha. As a matter of fact, they do wide-up free. Don't they? There you go. How can we do the conversation with Gene Hackman? We did in French connection. Right. I thought his performance in a conversation was just astonishing. Yeah. I don't agree on it. Sure. I did. It was a long time ago. Okay. Also, it was Dracula. Well. But I mean, everybody seen that like a hundred times. How about Launchini, senior, and a hunchback of Notre Dame? Nobody ever saw that. Silent movie. Although personally, I like Anthony Hopkins hunchback better. No. He wasn't hairy enough. In fact, the. The. Ron's Jeremy could have played it. He could have. Would have been a role. You notice one thing about the Launchini family. Harry. Yeah. Because Launchini Jr was always in a wolf man movies. Mm-hmm. Very hairy family. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you have a one-celley met. Town 5, 6, the on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. I'm not into Harry myself. Jack Nicholson and Kukus Nest 33. The best acting performance ever by an actor. Marvel do actresses. And on Wednesday, we'll take today off. Marlon Brando and a godfather 23. So Jack Nicholson is leading by 10. I'm surprised at that, aren't you? Yeah. Helping. But when Scarface 22 does the hop and rain man 19, Anthony Hopkins, silence of your lands 19, George C. Scott and Pat and 11, Peter Finch and network 8. You ought to be doing a lot better than that. I'll tell you right now. I'm not even mad at Elf, but I don't think that anymore. Oh! Tom Hanks, a waiterman, what I've passed over. Uh, Passover, Al Pacino, Dogdy F. Nunes, Goddard, Tom Hanks and Phil Thadolfi is Goddard. Do you know that somebody I guess you do because you're what you see the facts to be for I get him? Somebody said Tom Hanks either for Phil Thadolfi or uh, what was the other one? The box that talked with, uh, before it's done. For his dumb. Can you believe that? Who couldn't have ended that? And they sent the facts with the straight faces, what I'm hearing. The word on the street is they sent that facts with the straight forest dumb life is like a bunch of chocolate. That's somebody a high idea of good acting man, holy cow. As the scooter would say, holy cow. He's still doing the games. I sure hope not. Cora get the coffee on it's the sixth inning. I'm coming home. I'm old and feeble. I sure hope he ain't doing the. In fact, they should change the name of the yes network to the love for the Yankee games. I don't know, baseball to me is terminal. I'm even Georgian watches as much as he used to. Not anymore. No, not necessarily tiger games. 156 four minutes till noon at 5.60. W.K. We got the mad dog. I want to clock. We got the hump or kind of three the staff knew from Schuillistig to we got the big at seven Marlins baseball and Arizona to play the world champion Diamondbacks. Any K after baseball and Mark Eisenberg all alone overnight. Because Joe is on a cruise. He's cruising it. Hey, why not cruise on down to halapone GMC in South Dakota 134.1. South. See highway that's US one right across the falls. Same great location. They've been no tourists for about a thousand years. And talk to my good buddies. Tom Layman's your creator and all the know nonsense people down there. Because they'll give you a great deal. Do you know the. No. Number one gets yourself 0% financing for 60 months on every party. Echo GMC in stock right now in halapone. The. No. Number two get yourself up to a $4,000 rebate on every new GMC in. The party I can stock that is correct. Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new car truck in stock at halapone right now. And yield the. Number three if you're currently a GM smart leased smart by customer and you Travis should be blazer and old to provide or GMC. Genie by or least you way new money. Equity GMC get an extra $1,000 off the price. And while you're at halapone, I test drive the all new and powerful. Pontiac Grand Prix. I guarantee you be impressed. Don't forget to open every day seven days a week at halapone. More information on either meal deals. I got a special line called the Neil the Hill hotline toll free at one triple eight five three four 40 to 11. That's one triple eight five three four 40 to 11 and don't forget all Neil deals are submitted to quit approval see these are four details in halapone. GMC. They are professional. Gris. My. Local. We're sports radio five 60's you a. You a.m. I am fra. I am fra. I'm a. R. R. And I like scrubbing my snowy gorilla. As with soap made from jewels and listening to the new. Okay, I'm least our. Making miles of Mr. Mouse. It's Michaelizer. Michaelizer. What is it? I'm going to answer my phone. Sorry, boss. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's not. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. Oh boy. I. Good morning sir. I. I'm. I was looking at the rain for this light. Mary had a. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. It was. It was. I'm. I'm. You know what I either say that I'm just happy it's over? Sir, I believe the second go around we'll be much better. The second go wrong you must be on crack. We're not doing that thing again. What do you want to bring that back? Because the first time around, you barely miss toppling the entire network. Well, well, sir, it's already done. What you mean, it's already done. Nobody ever told me it was. It. Hi. Hey, what's up? I'm on the wall with three months! Yeah! What the hell are you doing? None of some conduit, ma! You're quite quietly remastered. That's not quite enough remastered. A blue bird stinks like a lion pet. Go! Sir, our base weeps will be amazing. I'm a celebrity. Get me out of here too. Instead of 15 nights, 40 straight nights. It's already nights, ma! I'm a celebrity. Get me out of here. I'm killing me! And the celebrities 10 times better. Oh my god! We got you. Hold on. We must... We must... Yeah, well. Take the hormone and the go. Why did up your back end? Walk it up. Right in, well. Woo! All right. We've got Bernie Capelle. Who? Bernie Capelle. The doctor from the lab boat. Off, I haven't say he hasn't worked since he did. The stop snoring spray commercial. We've got a real hotty, Adrian Barbot. Oh my god, she's terrible! And someone I know you love, Billy Bush. Oh, I am in it. Is that the president's annoying nephew? That's the one. Oh, for heaven sake. You can't put him on there. And... Oh, oh, yeah. He was... He was... He was... He was... He didn't bother to go. He was from on the phone. He didn't even know. Stop drooling. What are you making? Making a new cadenza, both. What's wrong with my old cadenza? Is your leg, damn shot. My shellac, I'm shot. It's right, you have to answer. Oh, you're... Oh, fuck! Fuck! Oh, I don't care who you have on this nightmare. Oh, we only have for Major Ewis sir. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. And let her knee more. Even remas doesn't remember the one who had knee more. You're a new boat. Remas, I wasn't addressing you. Sorry, but he was found on this. Oh, my God. I'm surrounded by idiots. Hey, remas! I thought I told you to put that on my mind, copy and butt. Sorry, I farted. Oh, oh, far from the office. Remas. What? The poor boys come in and say shit. I'm sorry, man. Model 3 at 5.60, WQA, Mr. Nune to one hour. Boy, this thing is moved like lightning today, you know? Showed off. I don't know what that is. I'm complaining just now. No, it is. Sometimes I feel like life is passing me by. Here's when James Bassget played Uncle Remas in song of the South. I thought song of the South was an animated movie. Part of it where remember he was live. Are you kidding me? Do you know when I saw that? I don't know. About 100 years ago. Why is this the little child? About 400 years ago. Alex is trying another let's not see. Here again. Here's the question on our poll today. What was the best all-time performance in a movie by an actor? Not what were the 45 best performances. Not what the 600 best performances. You got it? Got it. But these people don't get it. Because Alex now has got five more. All the first one is pretty compelling. Ned, baby, in deliverance? Yeah. Hi, great. Do you? Now who was best in deliverance? That's the tough one. That's right. I guess you have to ask them guys up in the woods who was best. I think the most intense drama that came from Ned. Yeah. Back home. He sure did. He acted like a hurt. This corner is special. Yeah. Okay. Ned, baby, in deliverance. Bert Reynolds was actually good in that. He was good. But then another movie Bert Reynolds was good in that was Boogie Knight too. We got two. Got two for Bert. Because I agree. He was an offensive, unabtrusive, just fine in Boogie Knight. But not see. He isn't that ridiculous. Are you listening to this, Peter Boy? It's worse by the day. On a true sim is not the greatest acting performance you wouldn't describe as unabtrusive. I wasn't saying it deserves to be on the list. Oh, I was just saying it wasn't bad. No, there were a few movies that Bert Reynolds were in that we actually enjoyed. And that's because down Deloitte's wasn't in. Which I like down Deloitte's, but now with Bert Reynolds, you know? A little bit too cozy for me. Those smokey and abandoned movies. Oh, good. Golly Miss Molly. You think Bert would make one of those with his wig off? Or with his wig? He's another guy with a real bad hairpiece. Ned Bay the indolverance we got there on there. Kirk Douglas in Spartacus. Yeah. Now, how do you say yes? I love East Spartacus. Oh, I was just acknowledging you. I mean, I like Spartacus a lot, but, you know, whatever. How about Tony Kritteth? He loves you. James Conne was really good in the gambler, but nobody saw. We'll take your word for him. Martin Landau has been a legacy in Edward. He was now in Newton. Yeah, he was great. He was phenomenal. And one of his lines was Boris Carl, I'll could need my Schmidt. There was a great line in that. But you'd have to use a lot of them. No, and that's enough. No, you want to check it right now. You know, please, could I? I don't think so. Check Nichols in anything. Albert Stinney in Tom Jones. It made the whole his whole career. It was offered lower at Lairford. But when it sounded so in your country, thank you, Tom Hollywood. Do you want to put Albert Stinney in there in Tom Jones? I don't know. Why not? Okay. Come on. Get with it. We're not just putting this pull isn't just what is George like. Okay. I was asking for your opinion. I don't know that. Albert Finney in Tom Jones. Let's see. Here's the Sean and Hollywood's got a list of his favorite 75,000 performances. The best acting performances by actors and actresses. And he's got that always starring roles of the biggest pictures. A few examples of tremendous supporting performances. Angela Lansbury and the Manchurian Kennedy. Yeah. Linda Haunt the year of living dangerously. Nicole Wiggumson and next caliber and Jay E. Friedman and Miller's crossing. Who the hell's Jay E. Friedman? I don't know. Miller's crossing is pretty interesting. Right. That's not a big, but I don't remember him as we. Anyways, is that a side? The best performance ever was actually Anthony Hopkins as the murdering ventralic quest in magic. I thought magic was the one with Anthony Perkins. There was one said before. Huh? It's it's Hopkins. And we put that on there or not. You tell me, that's it was a million years ago. I can't remember. The Dominicans and magic. Okay, we got it. We got you down. Thank you Sean. Also, yes, for what it's worth. We do the draft audio. Those faux pas. Oh, you've got this here. This can get in the academy. We're let's hear some of these. Well, this is a third quarterbacks taking on the draft. Kyle Baller by Baltimore. The first quarterback they have taken in draft history for the franchise. First quarterback they've taken in the first round. First quarterback they've taken period. Oh, since they've come over from Cleveland. Right. Well, that's rather startling. We have another. Yeah. Taylor's traded up for number 27. Number 16. Kansas City's pick. And they select safety, Troy, Polymalu, a safety from USC. The second Southern California player chosen the first round. The Trojans have not had a first round pick in the first round since I think it was 1980. And I don't remember the pick on it. I want to say that I read something we're in 1980s the last time the Trojans had a number. That didn't make any sense to me. And they'd be Anthony Munny. Anthony. All the favor. All the favor. Yeah, that's 1980. That's 1980. Because when you reflect back on the 70, late 60s, early 70s, you see was a powerhouse. And they delivered tons of number one picks. Yeah, they were the 60s and 70s. University of Miami. You've got it exactly right. I'm getting powder. Yeah. You know what they reminded me of that reminded me of those. Much too long. Ponder is promos that we play on a station. Especially the ones that he went to the night show. They go on for about five minutes. Yeah. Let's not hear any more of those. Okay. Okay. Here's one. Gene Wilder is Dr. Frankenstein. Was that young Frankenstein? Yeah. Marty Philman is Igor. Sculled E.Y. That's I. I. And Peter Boyle is Frankie. What are you saying? Anybody from a young Frankenstein? I love the movie that I don't know. No. They have a good Robert Duval in a great Santini. I think he deserves that. Because he's not going to get down here in any other movie. Because, you know, and I want to play the preacher. I'm sorry. Get out of town. Robert Duval. The great Santini. Got it. Got it. I'm right. I'm right. Okay. 560560. 560. We got Jack and go some of the shiny. So his lawn chanied was the wolf man. I believe Charles Lotton was the hunchback of Notre Dame. Oh. I think the whole lawn chanied. And the silent movies. Lotton Chanye Seenure was the first hunchback of Notre Dame. And then Charles Lotton also played that role. Correct. Which came first to chicken or the egg and in either case doesn't make any different. No. I think with lawn chanied first. And lawn chanied Junior with the wolf man. Not senior. Although the who now knows. Okay. The list continues growing like crazy. African lower look these. Tom Hulse and Madaya. He had a nice hairdo. Yeah. No. That's one of the great acting performances of all time. Nicholas Cage leaving Las Vegas. Who is he just married to for about five minutes? Percello Presley. No. I was leaving Percello. He's a Marie. Sorry. Paul Newman, the hustler. Didn't see we've got a couple of students. We already got Paul Newman for Cool Hand Luke. Which was much better than the hustler. Brad Davis, men not expressed. That's kind of a game movie. Yeah. I mean, not really. But that's how it would be perceived. Especially in the bath the bath house. It was Turkish. Therefore gay. Turkish Tampy. I do like Turkish Tampy. But I haven't had that in a long time. Man, that'll just tear your teeth out. What's your life Turkish Tampy? I don't know if I've ever had Turkish friend. No, that's what they call it. Do you know what I'm talking about? I don't think so. They see. There's another thing from my youth that they don't have any more, which is probably one of the reason to Dennis their Pistau. They still have saltwater Tampy. No, that's not an individual pieces of candy though. Mm-hmm. Turkish Tampy was like a bar. Oh, they must still make that. They don't have to be in a bar. I don't know what they call it though. Turkish Tampy, you idiot. Alright. I'll run right out. I'll hop on and steam a queen in Pepeo. I'll go steam a queen distant off into that. Take her. Ertie for love and love. So so far we got this list of 7500. What was the best all-time performance in a movie by an actor? The bet? Not your 25 best. Never went down to one. That's the point. I realize it's not easy, but that's the idea here. Marlon Brando and a guy father. Peter Finch and Network Jack Nichols and Kukuznes. Al Pacino dog day afternoon. Tom Henson, Philadelphia. Jack Nichols and in Chinatown. Al Pacino Scarface. Rod Staggered upon Broker. Peter O'Tool. Lawrence of Arabia. Father O'Tool. God. Tom Cruise born on the 4th of July. Robert De Nero Tassie driver. A Humphrey Bogart Kezablika Bogart came unique. Dennis Hopper Blue Velvet. Dustin Hoffman midnight cowboy. Russell Crowe, beautiful mind. Dustin Hoffman, great man. He's all over the place. Tony Perkins, Psycho, Gene Hackman, French connection. George C. Scott Patton. Anthony Hopkins sounds at a lands rod stagger in the heat of the night. Robert De Nero raging bullsman. Tom Deloys Fanzo. Le J. Cobb on a waterfront. Paul Newman Coolhand Loops. Sydney Partier. Raised in the Sun. Daniel Day Lewis. My left foot. Saralagina. Sprygna River. Marlon Brando on a waterfront. James Khan. The Godfather. Lotta. Great people of the Godfather. James Khan. Don't think you put a brains. All over your life. I'm a leekser. Was no. He was no. Chapple. I'll tell you that. Jack Nicholson, the shining. Here is Johnny. Stima Queen and Papillon. Ned Betty and deliverance. One moment please. Okay. Just a little something getting right moved. Ned Betty and deliverance. Albert Finney and Tom Jones. Anthony Hopkins and magic. Robert De Nero. In the great city. Good. Less so far. You know. In fact, we're going to start listening to the audio from all of those right now. Okay. 13 at 5. 60 WQ. Let me tell you about a good way to lose weight. Number one. Stay away from the rivers. Number two. Balance for life. Piece of cake. I have to do is make one easy call. I'll get you on the regular delivery system. And I'll send you the facts you. Amen you. Every week you get them. You choose two choices for each meal. It's run a program and that's it. You lose white fat and delicious way because they give you plenty of food each day. They deliver to you right to your doorstep. A little black sack every day. The free gourmet meals. Two delicious snacks right your doorstep. No cooking. No shopping. No cleaning. No worries. No counterbreak. Not even any carbohydrate. Because they do all of those things for you. And like I always tell you, there's nothing frozen. Nothing artificial or preservatives. No little tiny cans of crap. Just fresh delicious food every single day. So if you want to lose the weight once and for all if you're frustrated. If you try every other diet out of the sun. If you try every weight loss program that you thought was invented and couldn't do it. Give balance the life. For shot because it will really do the job for it. Delicious too. Call them today at 9.5.4. 5.6.8.32.29. 9.5.4.5.6.8.32.29. Or for more information about the balance for life program. Just check them out at www.worldwideweb. And balance for life.com. It's my life and low. This is sports radio. 5.6.4. You weigh a 10 weigh a half. Hey. How did Betty Davis get out our list? Did she just have the sex change? She's dead by the way. Who's the boy? I'm not. Nevertheless. Well, I know my sister, all my life. That is why she's now my wife. And I think my son may know it's true. He's my nephew too. Well, my daddy is my uncle. Joe Mother is my dear and low-wede. Is there a replacement to see my first cousin as me? Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. If I were the old for the last thing, the station that delivers, said, alive. Until deliverance weekend. Oh, we can love. I'm talking about the fight by winning video. The set of the movie delivery. This is due to a fun week. Why are the two listening to the radio all weekend long? I'm sorry. The grand prize would have loved. Don't enjoy. Just a canoe trip for two down the Kahuna washi river. And the accommodation is in beautiful entries. It means you can wait. The way it's you just got to. I just put it around us. The planet. The most important thing is to keep the camera. Every time you hear net bass, you'll find a thing. Oh, no. We can't. We can't. Oh, this is your way. You, 95. Back home. 12, 19. And I love buying all those mobet. At least the ones where he's getting raped. What do you require? You know, he always broke a brand. I wish I'd said it in the mirror. This is an excellent one. The number one ever Peter Sellers and Dr. Strange. Love play three roles brilliantly. A very fitting winner in these times as well. Absolutely. Well, let's get that on our right away. If maybe we can replace Betty Davis. Now, how does this happen? See, all of you. Hi, you done it. You done it. Ha. Now, let's see who's the real man here today. If it's being a boy or a prisoner, a Christmas day, because I was bad. That was me. Yeah, I know it. So in other words, you think Betty Davis is a man from some angles? Yeah. Most. I guess you already got that off of their right away. Nice, go ahead. See you're just trying to get Eric and trouble. That's what you're doing on your scam. Yeah. And so, see. Even though, oh, no, it is on there. It's on a bottom now. Yeah, it's on a bottom now. Get Betty Davis off our actor list. Okay, Eric, you silly goose you. What is wrong with you? How could he get sucked in that even though you are stupid? Carlos. God. Jack Nicholson, cook who's next 47. Marlon Brando, Godfather 39. I didn't know no, Godfather. But that aside. Let me say it right swear. I'm a soul of my grandchildren. And I will not be able to break the peace we've made either that. Good. Al Pacino Scarface 35. But that's an overrated, you're right. Very overrated movie. Funny. In fact, I'll tell you this. What's his name? Stevie Bauer. Yes. Thief of Hearts. Which wasn't like a big smash movie, but I thought he did it was better acting in there than in Scarface. Okay. You'd like to hear Al Thief of Hearts? I saw it. It's just like, you know. I thought it was a bland. Anthony Hopkins sounds the lamb's 26. You'll notice that nobody suggested for any of the other movies that those genre. I ate this liver with some fatherly. It's kind of nice candy. Dustin Hoffman, Rayman 23. Just once I'd like to see Greg Reed with a mask with a rubber ball in his mouth. Maybe he could borrow it from Mo. Oh, I'll see. Sounds the lamb's were a dust off in Rayman 23. George, he's got Patton 14. Tom Hanks, Philadelphia 12. Peter French never could live in our talking. Al Pacino, dog day afternoon nine. Addica, addica. Robert De Niro, raging bull ate, highly overrated. How did he great movie? Yeah. That had some performances under speaking of Robert De Niro. And much, much better movie and a much better performance than the raging bull was once upon a time in America. Okay. But most people don't have 15 hours this time. This is down to watch it all the way through. You don't think so. Hey, about the fourth or fifth time you can make it through. That's how many times it took me. And fact. That old Zinhead even James Woods was good in that movie. No, you don't like that. I hate how the guy in general. Right. He was gone. There was some pretty damn good acting performances in there. And then of course, what's his name too? Bloom, what's his little kid used to be on the soap operas? No, not noodles. No, you're not. You're confusing him with Washington code. I just wanted to say noodles. That was your fat. Sam, but I get that woman all upset again. I'm talking about those Jews in there. Well, don't play Jews in the attic, whatever you do. That right. I was thinking about that before. That right hit it. Whatever noodles. I was his name. Brian Bloom. I'm sorry. Okay. If he didn't have the most incredible eyes I've ever seen in my life. But my eyes have seen a lot. Let's see. Here's what it says. Oh, fairies. Sir Ian McClellan in McClellan and Gods and Monsters. Yeah, thank you, movie. Have you seen it? Yeah. There you go. Good. And he's done better. A lot of people don't know what he's about that movie. It was weak. Here's one going on about Mo and the drafting and all the mistakes. What we just played a couple of them for you. Also, best acting job. It says Eric Legosian and talk radio or maybe not. Obviously, joke. And a bad joke at that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I mean, Betty Davis on a man's list. Oh, brother. 2, but we don't have Betty Davis eyes. But I can current. We probably do somewhere. That's not play it. It was okay. And it's time. In fact, let's put that on the list too. Betty Davis eyes. What we'll start to do to really screw up the audience. We'll start putting like music on there. We'll put a bunch of funny choices. On the pull work here. We'll get even with some of these backtos. Okay. That have been spent the last several years. Dicken with our pull all the time. On there's time. Dick is busy again. WQ. W. I mean, I'm. I'm. Yes, sir. Yeah, I got one for you. Did nobody's called in yet. Okay. I don't know. I can look down on the clockwork orange. Yeah, we did. Somebody suggested that much earlier. But I mean, he was very good. Oh, I thought he was great. Yeah. Well, let's put it on there. Okay. Thanks. I thank no. Why not? That was your doing anyway. You said now he was a lot better in something else. I did? No. Malcolm McTowell, a clockwork orange. How about to dim? Oh, which one is that? And Pete in George. Five six seven and then of course that the blood with the valley tights in that gigantic rocking penis. That's the enormous ceramic rocking. Ten money. Five six seven. Five six. The pound five six. Oh, he said penis again. Tom's just right in another article tomorrow. Yeah, Tom. We finally figured how to get through to you. Okay. Yeah. We finally figured how to get Tom's sick as attention. Here you go. There's another one. Oh, boy. And I don't know where that but you're full of. Five six seven. Five six seven. Five six. Oh, I'll tell you who I really love. There's nothing to do with what we're talking about today, but speaking of music. What happened? What happened? Baby you do an enlightened. It doesn't sense and please don't tell anyone that I am your cousin. I mean, they're done. I think, whether it's their tour or maybe they're running. We don't have a good way though. Very good. Thank you. How about you? It's still me, baby. Can't do it like the Donas and have us like, Can't no gang bang if you want. I'd like to let you think of any of your family or release and a whole lot of good stuff. But you'll never see the video. So, you know, I've heard the music either because that's a new edict by the Bush administration. Anybody who's popular in Europe can't be popular here. Do you know that? You get a message? No, I didn't. Five six seven. Five six. I'm telling you one thing. I'm pretty impressed with this list. There's some damn good stuff on here. Is the Dracula getting any? Bellagose. Bellagose. He's got five. Bellagose. Man, he was so great. And then the sad part about him is he wanted to make it all those cheesy movies in the 40s. Right. That's why you don't want to see it. Edward, because it's all about that. I can't find it. Get out and can it? No. What is the actual name of the movies? The just Edward Edward. Just right. I can't find it. I can find a lot of wood, but not Edward. We'd damn it. Yeah, he's there making all of them damn gangster movies, which were so camp and so bad. In fact, we might even have one on the drive and movie channel right now. You don't even know it. Let's see. Oh, this, I would take place. I'm going to wait. One against the other. Family circles. For Shirley Jenkins, a thoughtful girl, just a girl at school like we have a children. The disturbing conflicts have already begun. Uh-oh. This family circles are explaining how bad parenting is for you. I'm going to do this. You know, there was something about those movies from the 40s and 50s in the music and a whole thing. It's just, I mean, real, you know, it was very primitive by comparison. But there just was something there that was lacking today. Yeah. You don't know what I'm talking about, damn. Yeah, just, just like watching strangers on the train that Hitchcock movie, it wasn't a good movie. It was very disappointing ending. But there were just all the way through it. There were things that you just don't see anymore. Like for all the grandiors, probably because he's dead. 1227 at 560 WQM with Mother's Day, just around a corner is that guest bed ready yet, it better be. If it's sagging, lumpy, or just worn out in the bed too, and called my good piezons at Dalama Tristool, free at 1-800-M. Dalama Trist has the complete line of surduous, silly King Corlan Simmons to choose from. You sure don't want mom sleep around something you wouldn't sleep on? Or there's always to put it off for one more minute. Dalama Trist is the best in the world, believe me. Nothing's got a bigger impact on your life each and every day than a great night's sleep. So call 1-800-M. Like I always do. Dalama Trist is God morrow. This is the worst piece of copy. Who wrote this man? Who are our fat boys in the hospital? The absolute worst. We apologize to our good friends at Dalama Trist for real. Many pieces of copy just awful. Dalama Trist has more repeat and referral customers than anybody else because they know how to treat your customers right. Now guarantee it like I always do. Once you buy a mattress over the phone from Dalama Trist, you'll never waste your time in those showrooms again. And they'll also forget when you buy a mattress from Dalama Trist, they set up the new and take away the crappy old bedding for free. That's correct. They set up the new and take away the crappy smelly nasty old bedding for free. So from others, they had mommy sleep in like a baby on a great new bed from Dalama Trist. Dalama Trist is one eight hundred MATT RES and tell them that old Neil ancient Neil told you to call one eight hundred mattress for Dalama Trist for the easiest possible way to get to a great night's sleep. And look all this is for real high sixty. You and M. If it's free, it's me. If it's free, it's me. I'll talk to the good. We'll be here for a little day. Hi, Dr. What do you know? What do you say? How are you feeling, Mr. David? Like I've been into a York Department Patty. When you think I've been like over here, but it's a simple heart-fatal procedure. Just breathe deeply into the basket and you won't feel it. Say, I went on the fast. I can't move and nothing. Look at that. He's open to my chest now. Hey, my device on. I have to go get this taken off his pants. And now he's watered. Raven, my chest, the time and think. Hey, stop. What do you know who I am? Who? Who's going on? No, no, no, no, no. There's nothing I can do. What? To do the gardener is rapeable chest. Did you like that? To do it, no, no, no. Who? To do it, no, no, no. Oh, my, did you die? Oh, my, did you die? It was a beautiful, beautiful mouth. Even if I was the only one who showed up, I knew it like a fire on the mean. Well, looks like it's time for me to do it. I always wanted to do it. What are you both going to let back the light? What do you think I thought and dancing on my grave? I thought you would get more. Of course I'm dancing on a zombie or a child. You know what that means, Mo? I got a kill you now. And how do you propose to do that since I'm already dead? Well, it's not my never told you, Mo. Yeah, what's that? I'm guilty, no, man, I am slave. Please, heal. So I got to stand here with my crab and stand. Like yourself, I'm a morthol. See? Why are you crying? To the point. The power of price compels you. Ah, oh! Ah, oh! How are you? What the hell are you? To the point. What the hell are you? To the point. Call 33 at 56. You're W-M-Happy, I'm a 22-Savut-E, but at least Mo is first drafts your appearance on Q-M. Wasn't, was he on it last year? I don't know. I would assume because he started in March. So like I said, the second appearance on the draft show. Went over like, Halivari and Nassati Rabia, not too good. Here's one of our chronic factors. As much as I hated the movie, Tom Hanks and Castaway was phenomenal. I don't even know what that movie is. It's the one where the UPS guy gets stuck on the island. Never heard of it. I remember the Castaway's hotel. Yeah. Are we putting that on there? Nope. P.S., you know, there were 30,000 in Evin's shirt off of the draft police. It says, I agree, police get a life. Get a life. 30,000 people for the draft. Jesus, God and Joseph, man. Get serious. Then his woman says, how about Robert De Niro in Awakening's great performance. Great performance of a retard ever. Yeah. You want to put that on? Yeah. Okay, Awakening's Robert De Niro. Now let's spell it right this time because he says De Niro is spelled wrong on a poll. Of course, that's probably Beiner Boy. You know this Eric that Beiner Boy is doing a lot of things. Intentionally they make you look bad. He told me he was going to stare at doing this. Like putting Betty Davis on there. Just to see if you'd put it on there, which you did. He said you were going to sit on the air. Yeah. Just trying to make you slip up one or two more times, Eric. It's all little fake and that's it. Better Lagosie's only got five. I don't even see Robert De Niro. Where does it? Oh, there it is. Oh, De, who spelled that? Come on, Carlos. Who spelled that? The ENI, our road. There's no EN, Robert De Niro. He's not in the second supposed to be Robert De Niro. Yeah. If I did it was a typo, I know I need a bit more. Not too much, but a little bit more in that. You're Robert De Niro. Okay. Now he's even through on spick words on there on the pool. Is that a fact? If you want to make any more De Niro on issue, you better cut the crap. Okay. Hey, Eric. He's not full on us. He's just trying to make you look bad. Although quite frankly, he had a good start. Five, six, seven, five, 60. And we are not taking those pictures of those wounded and buttred up kids off of our website, because people need to consider a minor of that's really what war's all about. Not just a bunch of glamorous pictures on a bulletin board, an MSNBC somewhere. Oh, here's our heroes of the day. I mean, oh, oh my god, talk about trying to sanitize and glorify and glamorize a bunch of buttred of insanity because we wanted to teach the world a lesson. Yeah, that'll learn them. Yeah, that'll teach them. Oh, I got to get to this. Oh, I got to get to a couple of things. So all you people on the phone will get to you or not. Then savage. This is in New York Times on Friday. This past Friday. Dan Savage is editor of the Strangery week, the newspaper probably obviously a Fag Mag. He writes, Gay groups are trying to turn Senator Rick Sand, Tournament of the next trend lot. It's not going to work. Mr. Lot lost his post as Senate Majority leader because he said something he wasn't supposed to. Mr. Sand Tour, my holds the number three position in Senate leadership was only repeating what many Republicans have already said. After telling me, Porter that he likes homosexuals just fine, provided we refrain from engaging in homosexual acts. Mr. Sand Tour came out and came out and supported laws against Saddamie. A right to privacy said doesn't exist in my opinion in the U.S. Constitution for gay, straight anybody. He then compared homosexuality to Big Amate, polygamy, and system adultery. Too much freedom allowing gay's lesbians to live openly without fear of a rest for example is antithetical to strong healthy families he said. Homosexuality may not be as bad as man on child, man on dog or whatever the case may be he said. But, at this point to be Porter broke in said, I'm sorry. I didn't think I was going to talk about man on dog with a United States senator. She said it sort of freaking me out. She wasn't the only one. Gay groups called for Mr. Sand Tourms head while anti-gay groups like the Family Research Council once headed by Gary Bauer rush to defend him. But Mr. Sand Tourm need more about his leadership post unlike the former majority leader, Mr. Sand Tourms didn't slip up and say something in planning was that every good Republican knows must only be said in code. Unlike Republicans and Peels to racist voters, Republican appeals to homophobic voters are overt. During the 2000 campaign, Alam Keeze appeared on the same stage as George Bush and denounced the radical homosexual agenda that he said was destroying the American Family. Candidate Bush now president Bush failed to respond even though his running mates daughter was a lesbian. But Gaze and lesbians are more than just sons and daughters were moms and dads too. My boyfriend and I adopted the son five years ago as Dan Savage and we planned it would not again. As more same sex couple start families, it's going to be harder for Republicans like Mr. Sand Tourms to say we are somehow afraid to the American Family. As much as it made this famous who Sand Tourman is defenders, there really is no word other than family to describe the three people who live in my house. When it comes to marriage rights, Gaze and lesbians are willing to place semantic games, we will use awkward phrases like civil union, domestic partnership, so long as we can get what our families really need. The rights responsibilities and safeguards of legal marriage, but to it also love each other and our raising children together, what are we if not a family, what other word is there for us? In our culture, homosexualities discussed only when it presents a problem for the armed forces for closet and gay students in high school for those who imagine Gaze are undermining society. Rarely is homosexuality credited with a creation of something positive and lasting. Desire brought my boyfriend and me together and it's simple desire that brings most couples gay or straight together. We responsibly acted on this desire as a good thing in and of itself and it can often lead to other good things like strong healthy families. Right, Stan Savage in Friday's New York Times. Oh, what that in your pipe and smoke at Mr. San Turham, you asshole, you homophobic piece of turd, you typical bushy, you bush liquor, you scumbag. And those million fags out there, those long cabin Republicans man, just wait until they come and take away your log. I beg the local of his sexes by 60 years for the ring your own yours. I'm a human. I just again said it isn't what In O and D-A-Y-S-U-C-A-S I'm a doctor I make a place with my badass Written down, walk your will news I just don't want to use my brain Or develop my own theories I say all smiles, all smiles, all the hundreds that I see Like a concert friend I believe they're my friends And they're really narrow about things And no it's true The vintage too I'm a star in home baby I know that pain There ain't no white half-hastic roots in the Lord I love my job, my money's gone That's what I'm playing with this ball They came from my family I say, did not agree But I have nothing to add So I should be alright Until they come for me Jerk I know it's true Could be the same too I'll destroy it on my way I've got the proof I have the past true Got the story, all this way For the world Look at their music Prop 44, 5, 60, but I'm telling you this back machine With these chronic factors that show them just the nation Get their own show And I mean, a lot of them are good, but my God Just desperate This chronic feel But it would be, but I work in my inventory People on job are Cuban I was pulled into the human resources office at the end of the day And we're not to aware the shirt The chicken hawk to a rack shirt To work again to people complain I replied, see, how high Talk about a humorless, intolerant bunch of assholes Pettling their own brand of oppression Why did they bother leave for Del? Why are you getting it filled? I'm not going to catch on, Dave County You come at least to come at least to come at least Okay? Whoever said there was freedom in Dave County Anybody ever say that? Not on the show Now let's get back to this thing that I wanted to read That is so damn important Not that it's going to change the world But I just have I feel the spirit of something compels me William Rivers pit a New York Times bestselling author of two books War on Iraq And the greatest edition of silence He teaches high school in Boston Mass And this is just a part of this article A pipeline project into exploiting massive natural gas reserves Along the cast B and C in Turkmenistan Was revived by the Bush administration When it arrived in Washington in January 2001 The pipeline project would suck to bring Oral a natural gas from Turkmenistan to Afghanistan to a warm water port Has been had been a branch out of Merckon patrol in giant unicalf Or much of the 90s After the destruction in two American embassies in Africa and Idea by Osama bin Laden The Clinton administration forebanned any mercenaries From doing business with the Taliban Which had been shattering been Laden in Afghanistan You can't use the Kals pipeline project was frozen After the Bush administration came to power re-infigurating the pipeline project became a high priority matter of policy A system secretary of state Christine Rocker was dispatched to Pakistan To discuss the pipeline with Taliban officials in August 2001 Rocker a career officer with the CIA had been deeply involved in agency activities With the Afghanistan A Pakistani Foreign Minister was present at the meeting in witness the exchange How does this pipeline relate to 911 The main obstacle of the completion of the pipeline was the fact that it had to pass through Taliban control Afghanistan The project would receive no international support unless the Afghan government Somehow became legitimized In bargaining for the pipeline the Bush administration demanded that the Taliban Re-instate the post-Kingma Hemidshire Shah's Ruler of Afghanistan And demanded that the Taliban had an overburden for arrest And return the Taliban would rep untold billions of profit from the pipeline A central part of the Bush administration's bargaining tactics involved threats of war If these conditions for legitimization of Afghanistan would not met The BBC of London reported on September 18, 2001 of the existence of warplanes on Bush's desk ended Afghanistan The Asnayek, a former Pakistani Foreign Secretary, stated that the warplanes were slated for October of 2001 Conditions set by the Bush administration to avoid war including the Taliban's handing over Bin Laden and the acceptance of kings, Zahir Shah and Equince Ophars to about the America would hold off on more even if these conditions were met The result was total disaster The Bush administration's fundamentally misunderstood the Taliban regime Much the way Burjanski didn't 98 to bring back the king and hanbin Lot over to the west would have been tautamata suicide for the Taliban The arrival of Shah would show them out of power Hending the northern lot over to the west would have been seen as a high-crombie This Islamic world Instead of actweesting to the hard-selled tactics of the Bush administration The Taliban, on least, though some of upon America They were going to lose everything and chose to attack first And to hope that all at war would break out in Central Asia and rally other muslim nations to their cause Actions do indeed have consequences The motivations behind 20 months of silence regarding the cause of 9-11 Along with the appalling nomination of Henry Kissinger's chief investigator Become far more clear The families of those slain and 9-11 have not taken all this lying down They've sued the government the Saudi Arabia for several civil damages Totallying a trillion dollars accusing them of harboring and avoiding the terrorists And hating the terrorists who trick down the towers There is profound merit to their claim as 15 of the 19 terrorists who flew the planes and unleavened came from Saudi Arabia As does Osama bin Laden and they were hobby-sective Islam that motivates their G-hide The suit seems logical and reasonable it is disturbing then a considered legal team Hired by the Saudi government to defend against the charges Prinsult and bin Abdul Aziz the Saudi Defense Minister is being represented in corporately prestigious used in law firm Baker Bots Which was in the store we talked about last week The Baker in Baker Bots is James Baker the third Secretary of State The George Bots senior and prime fighter for Bush Jr in the Florida election brawl Baker also shares another employee with Bush senior mass of all the national corporation The Carlisle group owner of the arms manufacturer united defense which is making a go-played admit of the war in Iraq I'd be gratified if some of you could explain all this away and then I could sleep at night The war we've waged against Iraq was justified in the American people as being an necessary response to 9-11 We were told Iraq had terrible weapons that could kill us that Iraq was a major threat And that the country would be safer once the Haseym regime was fired The fact that we found exactly no OZero weapons of mass destruction And the relative ease with which we destroyed Iraq's army proved that there were no threat whatsoever We went anyway however to make the world safer at the point of our incredibly sharp sword Albert Einstein arguably the most brilliant human being ever to draw breath on planet earth Defined insanity is doing the same thing over and over again expecting different results America instigated a horrible war in Afghanistan 24 years ago to make the world safer We have attacked and destroyed another Muslim nation Reportally for the same purpose One of these days we're going to realize that such actions never serve the cause of peace But only served to perpetuate an augment the horrors of this terrifying world We will learn for all time that actions have consequences In the meantime though, we have silence about September We have evil doors who hate our freedom And we have war after war after war instigated by an administration that has so much to answer for I tell the people that all my talks about all of this They leave the room quivering with rage They have the answers as do I and God help the administration because of it secrets love the whisper I do like that We remember this pit near trans-bessling author in the teaching high school in Boston mass How I know I read that once before, but it just I don't know didn't have the impact on me then they did now It's all right there And of course on our website way back why maybe the first book we put on the website Yeah, I could be wrong and I'm trying to like get to the what is taking us things so long here now Eric Oh my god that iris fall But let's blame anyway Uh, not that's not it. Let's down the list now right I don't know For bitten truth. Oh Remember that one sure it still still on there About the whole pipeline deal with the Taliban and so we threatened that we were gonna go and fade We threatened that we're gonna win fade and they said well, you know, we had to make a choice And that's why nine love it happens if anybody's thinking to just happen, you know, just out of the blue think again We're supposed to be a five six You a Middle Eastern world Will be exploded to dominate people killed with the gas that we sold it first time a crusher nation and they only won that's going Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going forget about Korea And the news they're coaching us right we just really get over and over and to our head And the rag has some methods of past destruction Three thousand people killed On our guard let's exploit him and spread And there's oil to be caught in going after said down to Plank a dosama there's no longer mention of the name in law this but no it seems good Surned all a fee and come places believe in every word of this cartel It's been a station that controls us by fear through media manipulation and the right Queen is drilling it over and over and to our heads And I rag has some methods of past destruction The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying We're all suspects now not the ass property I have nothing to hide table partners all are safe I know BD and cattle don't have any reservations Now the provoked battle ends world annihilation Old regime must fall and have a virgin and stoke which no objection at all Till the crackdown at the ball and the right wing is really hit over and to our parade Watched hands I rag has some methods of past destruction Old regime must fall and have a virgin and to our parade All the eyes rag has some methods of past destruction There's no more yellowy 1257 mad dog coming up next here's a fact it's his high kneel high George Other day it was just in the Howard sperm show and already decided to take a meeting guy I was waiting to check with a great body in a butterface He said he hadn't seen a haircut like that since Mohour David Also we'll be able to see the person the hottest couple Yes, you will be able to see the pictures all it doesn't officially start the contest till this Thursday may one What do we got seven seven and pre so far? That's right. I lost count. So you got till Thursday may 15 two weeks to enter and Or even go to the arches.com Just go to our website. You'll see all the tales where Carlos says it flaming he's flaming on there And then on Thursday may 22nd you'll have it Another was going to vote for a whole week I forgot. Yeah, I'm Thursday may 15 pictures will be up on a way for voters to choose their favorite Thursday May 22nd a couple of the most votes when so you'll have a whole week to vote on it And you may be able to see the pictures starting out Thursday may 15 and the winner wins a three day tonight Stay for two of the world-awaited resort and casino in Bahamas with round trip air for around a lake or air in the runner up kids dinner for two at the pizza loft And you won't have to buy anybody dinner when you go there Which is looking a little less red at bonus You talk about hutsman You know the more I think about that the more pissed off and fired up I get But what just this whole business you know that was talking about today with that deli Oh, that doesn't it all that is nothing I can do about the worldwide business in about the Taliban and about the administrative But I can certainly do something about those free dinners as in no anyway, how's that pull coming out Neil? Who what was the best all-time performance of the movie by an actor? Jack Nicholson, Kupus and a 63 Marlon grand o godfather 56 that's where the contest is that's the race Al Pacino and Scarface 40 Anthony Hopkins silence the lands 33 dozen a half-in-rain man 28 George C Scott patent 20 Tom hang still for the obvious 16 Peter Finch network 15 Robert dinner were raging vols. mid-12 Al Pacino dog day afternoon a dozen everybody else single Digits and in tomorrow and I only started with a couple for tomorrow What was the best all-time performance in movie by an actress? Kathy Bates and Missouri very Davis whatever happened to baby Jane We start good start. I'm gonna meditate on my take yeah think on it. How about the Phoebe Cates and Paradise? Or fast times a red bun high there you go something like that anyway. We got the mad dog coming out Hank is not a tool is no quarter to expect this in him eating okay, huh? What are you laughing about? Hank is in the studio in the building at three with the iron a studio with him or whatever the hell that's it. What does that say? I don't know what it says either he's around somewhere. Bye bye bye Is he now a first round prick?