And the worst call in the history of Pop Radio I heard this morning wanted to jump out the window almost dead. Rub it, just rub it. Hi, how you all doing? This is your present. I mean, ex-president Bill Clinton. Yeah, you know, I just went to the movies and I saw that new flick for human stain. I'll tell you, you know, with a title like that, I had high hopes, but I must say, I was this appointed. I mean, I don't get it. I didn't have nothing to do with a blue dress in turns, cigars, cheeky on your lap or anything if I like. Make a relate to it. And what's the deal with making Anthony Hopkins? I'm like, I mean, come on, Michael Jackson is black in the Anthony Hopkins. But I'll tell you, I did like Nicole Kidman in this movie. You see, she plays a janitor and it gets her all kind of sweaty and then she takes her clothes off and I'll tell you, you do so. Hey, she can wipe up my human stain any old time. But other than that, I got the else I can't really recommend that human stain, especially not as a date movie. Heck, Hillary wouldn't even go see it with me. For some reason, she was dying to see another film. Kill Bill. Go fire. Oh, see, all the way. Hey, Anthony, a partying of the turkey. The annual thing they do with the White House is silly thing because people are silly. They're the partying of the turkey with W. And you notice how they both look like you were speaking the same language? Huh? Yeah, they seem like to be bonding really well. George is out sick today, and of course I've never, I always tell him this. Oh, I'm never sick. I'm never sick. He's always sick. Am I right? You're right. And not just sick, but always like crawler on on a floor and puking and stagger it around. Must be all in drugs. Anyway, we did our demographic survey over the weekend. And why do they do that? Why do they have to like, dick around with this? I mean, it's just it's not interesting. It's not exciting. It's not a pole per se. It's the nads, kneels, annual demographics survey. And just like checking in, 1395 people did. That's probably the whole audience way of things to go now. Yeah, but that's not was pretty good snapshot. And these people are calling the women, oh, you've got so many women who will listen to your show. No, we don't. No, we don't. Okay. You had out of the percentage. Even there were 47 phony votes for male under 18 for teenage kids. The real number there is 10. See, you think you can sleep the sneak and pass me. I'll guess what, can't do it. Can't think of pass you all the fart. The real number there was 10. So that like it kind of like John, this the other numbers a little bit. So it'll be generous and say that 9% of the audience are women. 91% men, 9% women, not to hell. See, if we had women, listen, we'd have like gigantic numbers. We always do well, but we'd have humongous numbers. If we had women, but this show is just, it's unacceptable to women. They just, whatever it is. They can't test you. They hate me like poison. That's right. And you know what, too bad. Anyway, I'm not going to read the numbers. What the hell difference is, Magnize 73% of the audience are men 25 to 54. Oh, that's what we like to see, right? In fact, 18 to 24 was another 4% so if you're taking the, we did, we did, we did was the interesting thing I liked it. A lot. Anyway, bad news. Somebody I never heard of. Did you ever hear of Kelly Waymire? Yeah, sure. But does that mean? I don't know what that is. Kelly Waymire, who was frequent appearances on such shows as six feet under. Friends, oh, by the way, don't answer the phone. Joe, he's already answering it. Don't answer the phone, Josh. We'll do screenless this way. And you have to a lot of stress in there. It's enough. His printer's waiting. Well, that's what I'm saying. So just relax. Just sit back at the spots on in this week. Good. Thanks, giving its holidays. We'll just give him a free pass. Right? Why not? Kelly Waymire, who's frequent appearances on such shows as six feet under. Friends and alamic be you. McBeal made a were faced from a new CV fans. Has died. They had 36. She died. Apparently, if a previous they owned a technical condition. 36, and she's dead. And why don't you understand this? Because this just came over over the weekend. But she died November 13 at a home in LA, according to agent Billy Miller. Didn't disclose what medical condition she had. Don't even find a lot of top sea results were pending. She died. Kelly Waymire is dead. She began her TV career on the soap opera one life to live. Going on to appear on such shows as sign fell. The practice judging Amy, Star Trek Voyager, Star Trek Enterprise, the X files, and YPD blue. And CSI cramps the investigation. Ready for then. You have no idea that was even though she was on all those shows. I'd have to see a picture over. Well, she would only 36 and she's dead. So we head to start. But again, if anybody famous dies, we'll start with that. Get it out of the way. Gotta story. I'm so glad I want to thank the guy to call it on Friday because I'm sure that Lynn Samuel's must have been. Thanks by the way, Lynn. She must have been listening to the show religiously. Like she does every day. And she heard about that story on newsmax.com. And I would never look on newsmax.com. For bedtime stories, anything else. And let's say we'd like suicide. Because it's a right wing piece of crap website. But I called it about it. And I was okay, whatever you say. It sounded interesting. And then I noticed that Lynn picked it up and put it on her website. So I printed the thing out. And it is to say this concerning would be the Understatement of the century. Even though it doesn't have anything to do with Michael Jackson. Look at that. Believe me. When we get to that. Yes. General Franks doubts Constitution will survive. WMD attack. General Tommy Franks says that if the United States is hit with a weapon or they weapon of mass destruction that inflicts large casualties, the Constitution will likely be discarded in favor of a military form of government. Oh, hey. Ready for that? I think I should read that sentence again. Former talk. If the U.S. is hit with weapon of mass destruction that inflicts large casualties, the Constitution will likely be discarded in favor of a military form of government. So Tommy Franks. Revolution to Barney Frank. Or Bubba Franks. Franks who successfully led the U.S military operation deliberator where Iraq to liberate Iraq. Express his worries and an extensive interview. He gave the men's lifestyle magazine. Sigar Fesinato. We've seen that around all the time. Remember what we used to hang out with us. Sigar friends. Yep. Back into days when they liked us. But women used to like us. A lot of people used to like me. But that's ancient history. You know what? Too bad. The stick of the Czechoslovakman in. In the magazines, the December edition of former commander, the military central command warned that if terrorists succeeded in using a weapon of mass destruction against the U.S. or one of our allies. Or one of our allies. Or likely have catastrophic consequences for our cherished Republican form of government. So in other words, if they drop on a bomb on Britain, for example, while that would be good as useless. Let's have martial law. I mean, what does that mean? Discussing the hypothetical dangers posed to the U.S. and the wakeess of temper 11th Frank said that the worst thing that could happen is if terrorists acquire and then use a biological, chemical or nuclear weapon that inflicts heavy casualties if that happens Frank said. The Western world, the free world, loses what it cherishes most, and that is freedom and liberty that we've seen for a couple hundred years in this grand experiment that we call democracy. Frank's then offered an attractor, since what he thinks would happen in the aftermath of such an attack. It means that the potential of a weapon-mass destruction and a terrorist massive casually producing events somewhere in a Western world. It may be in the United States of America that causes our population to question their own constitution and begin to militarize our country in order to avoid a repeat of another mass casually producing event, which in fact then begins to unravel the fabric of our constitution, two steps very, very important. Frank didn't speculate about how soon such an event might take place. Already critics of the U.S. Patriot Act, rest due to a Congress in the wake of 9th Levin attacks of Argyndt that the law aims to curtail civil liberties and sets a dangerous precedent. That's the only correct answer. We've got a dangerous precedent who is setting dangerous precedence. But Frank scenario goes much further, he's the first high-rankit official to openly speculate that the constitution could be scrapped in favor of a military former government. The usually camera shot Frank's return from the essential command known as the in Pentagon Lingo as Cent-Common August 2003 after a civil nearly four decades in the army. He also said that within two hours of the attacks of 9th Levin he was given orders to prepare to root out the Taliban and Afghanistan in the capture bin Laden, within two hours of the attacks. He was given orders to prepare to root out the Taliban and Afghanistan who up until that moment were good buddies that were preparing to have the good oil pipeline deal to Afghanistan and to capture bin Laden. Even though 15 of the 19 suicide and the hijackers were from Saudi Arabia. Well, I just mentioned that in passing. I'm saving this. So thanks to the guy who called in on Friday, I never want to see this article and of course a lot of people are probably saying why did you read that you miserable vans to you because nobody's going to be crapping in their pants. Everybody's going to be getting really really nervous. Well based on that we ought to be a little bit nervous, shouldn't we? I think so. ought to be real nervous. Okay, I'm taking this poll today. And I'm inspired by this obnoxious, at least it's obnoxious to me article about black show business pals rally around Michael Jackson, Hollywood silent. Other than of course the notorious world's biggest flag hagglers Taylor. Oh Michael didn't do it. He didn't do it. Right. She knows he didn't do it. Maybe she's sleeper with him. You think? Who the hell's would sleep with that bitch at this point? Anybody volunteers to sleep with Liz? No. No. Even Clarence wouldn't sleep with Liz Taylor. That's how bad she's looking. Well, like I said, he might like curl up on the end of the bed. Maybe liquor toes or something. Which is another disgusting thought about this more tojama. Now she's the only one. But it's now a racial thing. Why is it that everything in America turns into a goddamn racial thing every time. And he's not even black. He's not even close to being black. He's bleached white. He's not just white. He's like if we jumped into a bathroom full of clerks. That's how white he is. And yet all of a sudden it's a racial thing. And just like Germaine said they're on Friday or whatever. And hell, there was a Thursday. Whatever the day the the SUV chase was going on. This is a modern day lynching. Then King last night. Now that had to be an old interview with Latoya. They didn't put on the screen when hell was from which this is me off. Now she says that all the stuff that she said back in Italy that time was in 94 after the first allegations in 93. About how he was doing all these things with a little boys. And she knew about it was disgusting. Uh, uh, her she was coerced into reading it was all scripted for. Right. They made her read it right. They made her read it. Because she was under the thumb at the scumbag. They're in Vegas. You remember those days? And so she was forced to read all of these things. Anyway, here's today's poll. Which of these well-known blacks is the best impediment to race relations? This is, I don't have any idea. I'm good of a four. And maybe there's some others we deserve to put on there. Now Sharpen Jesse Jackson OJ Simpson Michael Jackson or Lewis Ferrican. Not a good list. Sounds good to me. Oh, I got another one. Oh, in fact, this is what this is what inspired me to take the poll. I'm channel surfing before our football yesterday. And of course my luck would have a dare saw Danny Boy on CBS. I thought, okay, I'll stop watch Danny Boy for a second. Never stole a freight train. They want you back by the way, Danny. Without Jimmy, they just want Danny. And anyway, and then of course there was D on. Did you see any of that? He put on the worst step in fetched show. I don't know what they must have had a feather up his ass or whatever I have never seen anything. Step in fetched and nameless in any would have been embarrassed by his behavior. I thought, this man, I have no idea why the NAACP and every black organization said a word about defending Michael Jackson. Why they are protesting this jerk to be on the air. Seriously, all he's got to do is drive up an yellow civil, you know? The Pimp Mobile. Which of these well known blacks is the biggest impediment to race relations outstrap in Jesse Jackson, OJ Simpson, Michael Jackson, Lewis Ferrocone or Neon Deon Sanders baby, he makes me bark. Guy. You don't want to talk about? He's a superstar. He's an asshole as what he is. He's a giv-ass piece of crap and believe you may if I was black I would be screaming I'd be called CBS right now saying, you get that jerk off the air. I'm going to like sue your ass. I'm going to make the CBS I really cry. Make all that Reagan business pale in a one significance you idiots you. Guy. He sucks. 1013 if oh he sucks too. 10 and Istanbul. Hey he really sucks. 1013 if 560 WQ if you're looking for a really neat place to eat something different. Whether it's breakfast lunch or dinner, try the canerves. Vickin' Irves way back in 1934 open and Rochester, New York my hometown. Right across the lake for more my ass is sitting right now. Vickin' Irves is in South Florida now. That's a good news for you folks on federal highway. Just South of Bard, Borvard, on a tunnel on the east side. Vickin' Irves is a flashback in time to a great restaurants used to be before the fast food crap that so many people are chomp it on today. Go and enjoy a real burger or hot dog served hot fresh in fast away you like it. Vickin' Irves is being brought to you and for a better day. The very same guys to feed you, Cheever, Richeeber gonna use the same fresh 100% ground-checked meat as Cheever, Richeeber, you will love their meat man. They offer an incredible quarter-pond hot dog that will really fill up your push. And what makes them different from anybody else in town is that all their burgers and dogs are served with Vick's signature meat sauce on top. I think they grind it with their toes, give you a combination of flavors that will do a little real kazanski in your mouth. And if you want to try something early in the day, try their great breakfast menu. I'm let's cook the order French toast pancakes. All your favorite side this is waiting for you too. So see what all the talk is about of Vickin' Irves. You don't have to be from Rochester even from a rendez-coi to enjoy it or leave it or or batab you or to Pew. Vickin' Irves on federal highway just out the bar and go to the top on the east side. And be sure to tell that old meal, such a bite to a Vickin' Irves. My life and love this is for 25-65. You're the only one who's who we have. But they're at the light to read a letter that I'm writing to all white people today in the spirit of unity and understanding. Dear white folk, couple things you ought to know. When I'm born, I'm black. When I grow up, I'm black. When I get sick, I'm black. When I go out in the sun, I'm black. When I go out in the cold, I'm black. When I get scared, I'm black. And when I die, I'm still black. But you, my white man, when you're born, you are pink. When you grow up, you are white. When you get sick, you are green. When you go out in the sun, you go red. And when you get cold, you turn blue. When you get scared, you turn yellow. And the happiest time of my life is when white people die. You turn purple. And you got the damn nerve to call me, call it. The light heated fire 60. Good old Louis Furcon. He's leading the early vote. 69 votes. He's got 22. I'm the only one voted for the on Sanders yet. I'm not sure if I'm the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going is nothing about it in fact well I'm going to do it I just get to we got a spell wrong on everybody but don't worry about it I think it's appropriate speaking of obnoxious people read is still oj's favorite color says this which in choir and man there's a whole lot of us would like to see him sitting a pool of red his own bloody marries anyone disgrace football great oj simpson whose s-wife was stabbed at the early ten years ago has an ironication cocktails he was snap leading mimeys swanky mutiny hotel holding a drink that definitely wasn't oj and there's the picture the left simpson whose vibe of hunt down is x-wife's killer spends a lot of time hanging out at the hotel pool he likes to drink bloody marries and he's a real his real nice and respectful says a hotel stapper right he's a nice murderer was supposed to like a m-a-o-missable scumbag like a lunatic he's a nice murderer like head Monday remember it was a nice guy my gentleman very well spoken depended himself in court very articulate very well educated so here's a nice murderer for you oj in fact even a picture if you look at this if you have the inquire anybody you should get it he's got to look he he looks like a murderer do you know i mean he's got that look no seriously if you saw the picture you'd say oh man there's a murdering son of a bitch and then of course screw in and fill us up come on in near the water notty oh don't be pick it out oj we love oj a qa m in fact he's coming to our golf tournament maybe you come to most funeral what do you think absolutely that would be good and how do you what do you say about a man a silly old man and a checkered pant who comes uh to do the game last I write down the street there and then can't uh get his ass up out of bed this morning to come to work because the game was a late game on Sunday night what a piece of crap absolutely what a lazy S.U.R. Mow not to mention all the other business oh I get to that stuff by the way I got the smoking gun in print now I got it on paper Louis Ferrican 25 which of these well-known blacks is the biggest impediment to race relations Louis Ferrican 25 Jesse Jackson 24 the NL sharp in 17 oj you got 10 sweetheart neon deon's got five and Michael Jackson only four because he ain't black he's not black how good it be originally he's not black maybe some of these people on a ripped Georgian as I'd love to hear that today you know ordinarily it's just it gets a little pondress but he's six oh god damn much and I sit here this morning for an hour nobody tells me anything I'm sitting here and I'm listening to the uh oh and as much as I love Joe Rose haha oh and need to know basically what you're in a need to know basis well be nice I could have gone back to bed and slept another hour would only to the sit here or watch and TV listen to the stupid sports calls that guy that called up Joe I think it was Joe and I've guilty it was Joe it was Joe uh lookman co-fax and Jay Fiddler see that shows you what a bunch of phony's are in South Florida Jay Fiddler they were way to lynch his ass as we all know you know oh and then after the San Diego game Brian greasy he'd a man you'd a man Brian he's the savior he's gonna lead us out of the darkness into the Super Bowl or talk in Super Boyo and then of course come to fight out he sucks and Jay Fiddler comes in again the little girl steam who's starting quarterback was injured in the first half by the way otherwise it would have been a total blowout and comes in here late in place one quarter and generally speaking it was Ricky Williams that saved the rash and that fourth quarter really playing Superman right like he flew he put on his cape he put his cape on the attached to his dreadlocks and he flew right over to the uh line there to go into the end zone for the winning touch I wasn't exciting game and of course there was the patriots game passing nice going Tommy maybe all right that was exciting Adam Venetri very very reliable hits the post thought he was playing hockey hit the post on one field goal and then they get it blocked there the uh uh oh boy this is all good and they still pulled it out it's always been exciting Sunday for me when Tommy Brady pulls it up and nice gone boy nine and two seven and a row but what a phony bunch of crap all of a sudden now it's uh so anyway this guy the implication of his phone call about Sid luckman and the Sandy co-fax and RJ fever is if I've put him in that category because they want a game the same guy that they're ready to lynch they want a game against the little girls team and you're coach by an idiot by the way nice timeout Steve nice timeout you oh Steve's for your is another one he's a white Dion Sanders without the good without the nice suits that's right he's a sloppy white Dion Sanders 106 votes Dion's got five so there are four people out there agree with me thank goodness not that I would be a care a Jackson's explicit letter sees will get to that but this story about black show business pal's it's a racial thing I'm sorry that that's that's where I draw the line like Johnny Cash would say if he still could WQAM yes sir hey listen um I don't know if you can add her and I put a whole font with probably big yeah but she's I mean she's small potatoes don't she yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah she was she was just a dumb bitch she's hanging out with elegans and now the eloquent mixture that was ripping off of taxpayers and put this personal stuff on a calendar right well that's a good pair words of a feather man I mean good luck have a great day we'll need it to thank you yeah good like to ask it's the holidays now although the snowboards stuff was coming to snowboards are coming down now oh really everybody with a brain even Miguel's bailing out of there tomorrow so George you better be back to work tomorrow else we're not gonna have no show tomorrow because if it's just me and Josh Josh is sitting in your penis pants and rightfully so I understand he was well we're he's in training you training for like five minutes in there and I just go and George give him a training brought aware I mean we've been through more people in that room it's just that we had be your boy which George found under an overpass somewhere and then of course we had spastic Scott Junior the one of like what was the guy that used to make it all the like Jim Kerry I guess there used to be an older one but Jim carries more contemporary that make does all the facial things there was a room with that all the strange faces that was Scott Junior who's a couple of brick short of a half a load so we've been through it man and of course we got the feral business this this they can go through another rocky road man I do like rocky road but Jim will be in the tub of a basket robins we're going through a real rocky road hey if you're like too much rocky road here's the answer for your dieting they had a thing last night on dieting on CNN and I got after the football game I watched that thing till midnight and I want to more on I am it did I learn anything oh it sucked and their time you need a high car by hydrate low of pad diet that's the most successful I thought to myself you people would see an answer to a bunch of assholes and they said absolutely yeah you're right anyway if you've tried all the others and you haven't lost an answer if you have lost a begin to back and then some your frustrated the reason balance for life is so easy is because you're not starving there's plenty of food to keep you satisfied you don't have to count any calories of carbs they do all of that for you it's as simple as can be for simple fat people they deliver your black sack right you door by six o'clock in the morning every day three gourmée meals two delicious snacks and believe you meet there's plenty of great delicious stuff in here to keep you full all day long which is the key to the whole deal you won't be cheating in between five feedings you can go to the trough five times a day five feedings every day in fact balance for life is the only company that allows you to pay between two choices for each meal and snack every day that's run a program you fill out a menu that's it they do all the rest for a liver right your door so if you've tried everything else under the sun including all the diets they talk about last night on CNN and you're still fat out of shape if you're still a tharjick wearing pup tends for clothing if you have diabetes you're close to it why not try balance for life you got nothing lose except that dangerous fat nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine is the number call do it now start losing these uh start losing weight and see results on the scale in just a matter of a days nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine are visit them on a web at balance for life dot com好吧 We touched it, we would have been there. Make sure you want our home. We'll be happy to meet something. Just this guy, love and shine. Yeah. Got to try to make sure you will divorce baby. Be to smile. Yeah. Give me walking around that wreckage. She likes it spicy. Love to smile. Yeah. I need some more money. She's in trouble, they would see. Come on, yeah. Give me some of that red money. A big part of the intensity. Don't ever get me out. Give me no thought of something. With this balance be we'll be out. What I can do for you is this was not an okay street. I'm on my way back. I don't like that Reverend Money. You know, that's some of the best kind of text free of Reverend Money. 141 votes, which of these well-known blacks is the biggest impediment to race relations. Louis Veracan 51. Jesse Jackson, the just aforementioned 36. Al-Sharkton 25. OJ, you got 16 OJ. The on Sanders 9 and Michael Jackson's only got four because like I said, he ain't black. 1045, 12 minutes from now, the sentencing decision. I'm trying to hell in my hand. Don't you think that's a racial fine? Of course. And I hopefully they're going to like fry his ass. They're going to give him like the needle. And then that'll be a racial thing. And then of course like that lead void mail vote at punk that the kid. That'll certainly be a racial thing. Even though he said, did you hear some of his comments that he was chuckling and laughing as he was telling these people? He thought it was a hoot. You know like that. But that must be because he was brainwashed in a racial time. I have just, I'm sad to read. I can't take no more of that. No, you know what I mean? Absolutely. No more. I just can't handle it. By the way, your little name website. That's my name website. Yeah. The change in name because every time if you're putting your name again, see the audience doesn't know what you're talking about Miguel because we did that off the air before the show. So they have no idea. What does he talk about? Neal's got a name website. No, it's a where did I find that? What was I looking for? Oh, I was looking under Lewis Veracum because I was checking for the spelling. Okay. And what is the name of that website? Fade to black dot com. Fade to black dot com. And then slash what is it? Main generator. Slash names generator. And then you can put it in a name and then it translates it to some. And then you can put it in a name. African name, which is. Well, mine is now huggie bear. It seems that we time you put in your name. Right. It's just it's a joke. See if you look on top, you see that it's a comedy thing. It's a joke. But never less it'll kill some good time. Anyway, sitting thing is coming up in ten minutes for Johnny. I'm going to have an I sure hope it's not a racial thing. I hope that when a Julia announces their verdict, their decision on what they're going to do with him either like put him into pine box or in the cell block. They make clear it's not a racial thing because otherwise people get upset. Here's some shocking news. All I better take this call for. WQIM. Yes, I have a somebody for the poll. Okay. Go ahead. Okay. Oh, well, Johnny, copper. But don't I get stuck in the. You're talking to him. Oh, I need a higher. Yeah. We're doing screenless because we're training Josh to a do thing in there. He's he's peeing in his pants and sweating a lot. Great. So that was a fun game last night. The colors were a little lost, but you know, they looked like they're her coos. A little bit of me. Yeah, but my TV might have been a little lost color and I kind of thought the Brian Grease was back in Denver. Yeah, now that you mentioned it, you're right. Yeah. I think a lot of people are wishing he would be. By the way, I just thought I'd mention this. Thank you for reminding me about O'sha. He lives about a mile and a half for me. Thank you very much. Oh, I don't get to close man. My wife says of all the zip codes the United States. He had to pick ours. Exactly. Well, every air all the crap eventually winds up in South Florida. Nathan Neil, check it out. One more thing, okay. You shouldn't be right. Certain people are not coming to work. That encourages them to come to work. I don't want to mention any names, Mo. Okay. You know what I'm saying? Absolutely. Have a great day, Palic. You too. Good thinking. Yes, they'd a whole way, Mo. In fact, the audience has prained it's down a few more days. Recuperate. Plus he's got that big game in Dallas on Thursday. Right? Four days rest. So let's see. So that now listen. Well, of course, Thursday's Thanksgiving day anyway. So that's good that he has to work on Thanksgiving day. Which I am too, but only two hours, thanks to his volume. And then Friday, equine. Now Friday is his here. He's on. Is that correct? I don't see why he wouldn't be on because the game is over by like about four o'clock. And it's in Dallas. It's only a couple of our flight. Good back. So he's got no excuses. Nothing we work on Friday. Now George assuming he's recuperated from his puking out. About whatever he's sick with from his drug induced illness again. He'll be working to Friday. And I'm working on Thursday. Nice pic Neil. Thank you. Because I have a time where I did that. No idea that we had a ball game. Anyway, can I get to the shocking news? Please. We put Johnny Cochran on a poll now. Are you facts and knees too? Eric, how are we doing this? He's listening. Because I noticed he got knee on the on on her right away. Right. Right. Eight minutes away from the sentencing decision on John Lee. What are void though? Well, in my hand. Senator John Kerry is facing a backyard beating at the hands of presidential primary premises. Howard Dean losing his own state by staggering nine points in a new poll just released today in the Aboston Harold. Dean who already stole the primary leads from a fathering carry new Hampshire and Iowa would pumble. It says here in the Boston Harold. Pumble the hometown senator 33 to 24% of the voting were held today. How do you like that? John Kerry is kind of scary. I think a lot of people figured that his face ought to be a mouth rush. Because it's real craggy, but other net forget about it. Worst for Kerry, Dean leads here by riding the long time senator supposed core base, liberals Democrats and older voters. The fact that he can come into Massachusetts, Kerry's home state were Democrats are so familiar with the senator and still have a nine point lead, a big juicy. Yeah, quite lead. Really speak to the strength of the in campaign his own karma. I noticed a creeper was not as morning either as what guilty was saying. What's that all about? Well, he worked the game. Oh, gee, they worked the game last night so he couldn't come in a work this morning because he was up late till midnight. He had a work the game. Oh, brother. Walk out of a bunch of pussy's we got working there in that morning show man. That's what you're guilty. So psychotic you should hear him wailing to be that when I was there that last day that Friday he was wailing in a hallway. He was just almost in tears. Anyway. I mean, I just passing that along. I don't want to stir to pottery. I mean, it's one thing to smoke. It's nothing. Oh, this, you know, this facts that you forwarded to me. This is a good point. See, I like any K a lot personally. I'd cappling his show is just a business. But he's a good guy. And unfortunately, when you run at that hour tonight, see back he used to be a night like when I used to work till midnight. We had a lot of chronic colors, but some different colors. And it was back in those days that I said a chronic colors are the death, and let talk radio and did everything I could to discourage him and you're rid of him. But Carl called this show either Thursday or Friday. Now you were working, do you remember? Yeah. He's got a very distinctive voice. He's not a bad guy, but he is annoying. And he calls and he calls. He's even worse than one from Miami if that's possible. You know what I mean? That's a good worse. Because somebody says, Now we're not going to put him on the pole because nobody knows who that is. But Carl, the guy who calls that cappling show. That's a very excellent point. Whoever the hell facts that in. Thank you so much. Thank you very much. We're not, let me say it again. We're not putting him on there. I have to clarify that because a lot of times he just mentioned somebody. And all of a sudden Eric is so gum-ho to, you know, beyond top of things he puts it on a pole. They'll put it on the pole Eric. 66 were Ferrec on 44 for Jesse. Who does love child Jesse Jackson. Now Sharpton has 28. OJ's got 16. He's got a stuck there in 16. Wasn't then Jim Plunkett's number 16? Why did that come to mind? Oh, I got a great story to tell you about how I don't have Alzheimer's. Don't let me forget about it. The answer is, the answer is 12. 12, it doesn't for Dion. Oh, and his pitmobile in his yellow canlacts of ill. Oh, you scum. Man, he just, oh, oh. No, I know really. Everything that I despise about life in general. He just, he's just the epitome of it. Even if you're forgetting about race, I don't care what he's black or purple. He just, he's just a scummy guy. Michael Jackson 4 and Johnny Cockman just went on there of 181 votes. I don't know, pretty heavy duty considering we got nobody listening. Everybody's out of time and goes leaving tomorrow to go to his inlaws and punks of Tony to see the ground how extigate's head out. Ah, George may be back tomorrow if he's not. I will, you know what we have in any of my rib Georgia? What are you going to take into account? I know. Well, I'm, I'm trying to be kind. Are you? No, I hope they do ripen it. I sometimes have been sick all the time. Not that I can do anything about it. Although maybe more would like to do something about it. Okay. I don't think we would like to get George fired again. Wouldn't you, my heart? That's, that's, that's a looling. You scumbag, you backstabbing weasel, you man. Oh, what are you going to weasel on his head? You know what I'm saying? Birds of a feather flock together. Everybody in that building, even the people are like, see, this is really an indictment. Even the people who like OJ, which I don't want to mention their names again, hate mo. Does that tell you all you need to know about mo? Absolutely. Hey, listen, if your mattress is bumping your back, will tell you, if your mattress is worn out, you get up in the morning, your back will be aching, not going to good night's sleep. You'll be tossing and turning, like Bobby Lewis all night. Here's the answer for you. Get you a great night's sleep like Miguel is doing, and I'm doing and Boca Brian and Pat Boy and George. And for all of what it does, it's too if he just stuck around other week or two. Get you a mattress and dial a mattress by making one easy call. 1-800 mattress. And, for all past a message along, he said he really care about getting candy, which he could have got the mattress, though, before it happened. Did nobody said? What I heard? Something like that. Anyway, when you call dial a mattress, what did he let go? The top names in the business, now even including students in bananas foster. And unbeatable, everyday discount prices. No games, no baton switch, no phony promises. They deliver it and we talk about delivery. You picked the tour our window seven days a week from 8 an a.m. until 10 p.m. and they show up whenever you want, like between noon and two, one and three, two, 30 and four, 30, etc. On a sales prices, a proud practice is fantastic service. Unbeatable, everyday low prices. Same day delivery, and don't forget free set of her little, the crappy old bedding, and it's easy to see. While dial a mattress is the only intelligence to get you a new mattress and a great night's sleep for years to come. So if you want to waste your money, be my guest. Go to your bedding with a apartment store and just throw money away. And help pay for their big overhead if you want a great deal. Just pick up that phone right now and call them toll free. 1-800-MAT. 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S. Or check them online at matrist.com. We're supposed to be a 5-C. 2-A-M 2-hourager. Hosfit is money Jim. 1-800-MAT. Help us. He's some respectable people who have just been downtown. for a pill there. Other areas. 200 bucks on a board. Louis Burrka's going to shut up their own product. Burrka 81, Jesse Jackson 50, Al Sharpton 51, OJ in the 20. You got 20 OJ like the other 20 to 30. Beyond Sanders 14, you mix my skin crawl. Michael Jackson 4, and Johnny's talking though, have any of you. You think it's hard? The automobile, that was the weapon. With a knife, a fist, and a silk, a trunks. And they enjoyed the set. That is the weapon as much as the gun with the weapon. That is something that might be challenging on the field as well. Let's talk about the history of the world. That's not. It's 1047. They were saying they lied to us on CNN. How do you like that? Is that a first that they lied? Absolutely. The girls got abandoned. You're going to be there or Joshua, who of the parents? He's going to be doing abandoned. That's me. What? Oh, you're used. Not to dureen the queen. I'll understand that if you spend dureen, give her at your plane. Spend you my one surprise. Let's do that. Look for the QM fan today. I mean, given her an airplane, Spend you talk about feeding mitt earth and one of your feet. Five to seven is a snap note of the public's in 401E share or a screen dang of beach. Spend the deal for our usual very low budget QM prizes and host importantly, pick up your best number to dice, which our new total is. What do you want to do? Oh, that's from last week. Yeah, I know. A little bit. We have the very little bit of a cleat. I'm a weight man. This bit's got a little bit of a song. It's got another minute and 18 seconds to go. Set that a stop. Oh, that's your favorite. Yeah. Surely. One sentence to be read shortly. You know, the wood within our lifetime unless you're real soon. You're a little bit of a find out. If anyone would do. Please. Hang out to the ladies and grab some. Where'd you find that? Oh, that's the one. Where'd I find one? This is fun. Oh, it's into the CS. We've had this all over forever. Oh, they're gonna pick the on fame for years. Not all the way. I never, I never, you know, I never liked them for whatever reason. Because we just had to drive as high-trot, you know, I didn't like this attitude. But when we started doing this pimping on CBS, that at that point, I'm sorry. I just, oh. Oh, here we go. Wait a moment. The prosecution has already arrested. And the defense has started in case today, right? They are moving quickly in the mob, okay? And that's a proper excuse. The officer of the town is strong. Don't let the money change the deal. You're still a pizza crab. Patty, can you hear me? Patty, Davis? Patty Davis. Hi, Carol. Patty. We heard that the judge, here, you, I'm sorry. We heard the judge just called the jury back into the court room. Can you tell us what that means? And he's here. The verdict here on the court. We are told is in the courtroom along with his lawyers with the prosecutors. The judge has instructed the people in the courtroom that there can be no demonstration of any kind. Once this verdict comes down, comes down. He doesn't want to be cheering. It isn't want to need loud sobbing. He just wants to, this is for a very good result. John Mohammed is soon to hear his faith. He's been in a random state. He's been in a random state. John Mohammed is soon to hear his faith. He's been in a random state. John, Wayne Gacy, when he was convicted, any of the gay activists come out and say, Oh, it's an anti-gay thing. I don't think so. No. On those two counts of capital murder, exactly what their decision is. Well, we'll wait without parole in prison for they will be sentenced. And then, is that correct? And we want to say that. That is correct. Right. How about Josh? I'm saying, he's busy. He's busy. He's busy. He's talking to Tommy. He's talking to Tommy. Well, I bet you Tommy wants his as dead. Has testified. Has gone on the stands. Talked about their brother identified him. They've also, they also have had people police officers identifying the murder victim. Oh, man. I'm really so desperate. So we're calling for time. Poor thing that they saw that blue Chevy Caprice. That's these two men, John Mohammed. Yeah. Let us know when you get something. Okay, but here's the facts from Brad and I think in Boca, somewhere in Palm Beach, who says, Love the show for today's poll. The entire Martin Luther King, Jr. family. There were a service to his legacy. They do a service to his legacy by leading with their handout and championing issues of race where there is none. Well, we can't put that on there because it's like, you know, it's not just a good point. And I second your emotion. Here we go. This is the decision shortly. I'm sorry. I didn't hear you. Okay. You know what this is. It might be not of course at the same level, but the Thursday afternoon, a whole, a Michael Jack. Oh, here comes the Lair jet and Michael's probably in that plane. And then of course, a bunch of goofballs come out of there. Well, maybe he's in this one. They're sticking their nose inside the hanger there. And among crime victims family. In fact, Michael, when he goes to bed at night, he hangs his nose on a hanger. And Joe and Crawford warned him no more wire hangers. Michael, that's what Liz Taylor keeps reminding him. No more wire hangers. Oh, so speaking to my Alzheimer's that I don't have a lot of stall for time until I get this thing in. Yeah. So, um, decisions. Let's go to Patty Davis now. Patty, what are you hearing? Well, we had just learned that that jury has returned to verdict of death. Oh, right. Oh, right. Now that terror is not in the intimidation of the public. John Muhammad has received a death penalty. And I'm not going to let him get that for terrorizing the public. Of course, he is convicted of another murder count as well. Well, I've got to tell him why it's still in your safe. We're taking part in one murder. Yeah. We have a verdict on that. Yeah. I just heard that. Yeah. That's a penalty for this thing. Guess we what happens now after they've made all of their decisions. Fry his hands. That's what happens now. How do you like that? See, justice. We didn't even have to go to Don Koleon for this one. They're going to put his ass to death. And it should send a good message. I told you people want to like, you know, be scumbased and have no respect for human life. We're going to kill your ass. I think they should tell us that don't you? Yeah. That would be a good idea. Get a 90's here easy. Now this is going to be lethal injection. I guess we don't do any of those stuff, right? I was asking George about that last week about the gas chamber. We don't do that normal. I don't believe so, no. Nobody don't do the electric here. No more, which is too bad. Because remember that one execution years ago. It made a movie about it. And I was like the electric chair was like a little Creaky and leaky and it didn't work to on a head of keep. Oh, she's that was bad. What was that movie? It was a movie about that. But at any rate. And of course, that was kind of like a lynching. But the point being that I wish they could bring that chair back and stick his hand center and then put Lee Boyd Malvo in his lap. Since the two of them were so tight anyway. Put him in his lap. Two for a little lap dance. And Fry the Ras both together. So there you go. The death penalty for our John Allen Mohammed and the other trial is proceeding post-taste rapidly. Now, explicit let's get to the important stuff. explicit letters and poems said to have been written by Michael Jackson to his alleged victim. We'll form the center piece of these sex abuse case against him. Police seized at least a dozen letters during the rate on Jackson's never laying ranch last week. Remember they did that thing with a search warrant? We all wonder what other looking for in there? Probably the ones. The district attorneys convinced these letters will be crucial to the case against Jackson's source post-investigation. Say yesterday. The boy told investigators about letters and poems in their precise location inside Michael's home. These letters were among the evidence he's along with video tapes. They're very explicit and intimate and sure to agree with the minority. Basically, they appear to be love letters from Michael to the boy. Oh. Isn't that touching? Though, you almost want to share the tear when you hear that? The accuser, 12-year-old Los Angeles, cancelling them, Gavin Arvizo, who was in that British interview that we saw on TV. Also told police, Jackson's pet name for him was Raba. Here comes the part that is really just want to make you puke, okay? His nickname was Raba. From what he said? The boy told us first to his therapist and repeated police this or a said. He said Jackson called him Raba because one of the games these to play was called Raba Raba. Just Raba? Just Raba? The boy said, Michael told me he was my Raba, Raba friend. Just Raba? Just Raba? Although police handling the case in Santa Barbara, California, have been part from revealing any details. It's understood the alleged abuse also to replace in February. They were playing Raba, Raba. And then you know what they do? You just pound it silly. And whatever comes out, eat it. Oh no. Jackson is said to be friended Gavin who during a controversial British documentary screen earlier this year admitted that having shared a bed with a singer over a long period. A source posted a 45 year old Jackson said, but the past five or six years he's taking kids from fractured homes and nurtured them as a father figure. As they get older he teaches them fun things to do. Just Raba? Michael says he learned this from an adult when he was a teenager. No one on his staff ever said anything. He's a tyrant. Everybody obeys the man. Another Jackson source said the boy was told of everything that went on to scrap things and Michael's closets. His bathroom and what was under his bed. In her statements to police Gavin's mother, Janet Ventura, an original relationship. Revealed that Jackson encouraged her son to call him daddy. He used to say, who's your daddy? Who's your daddy? Ms Ventura claimed he gave it in his two siblings were held virtual prisoners in Everland. When she learned of her son's accusation in molestation, which included claims to Jackson, applied him with wine and sleeping pills, she fled with her family in the dead of night. A source posted a Tom Sted and who will prosecute the case said the D.A. is very confident with the evidence he has. This includes letters, videos, and computer files. They believe they have enough to nail Jackson. My name is Mrs. Quartz, where do you find this? You may have. You go to hell, you dad. New this fall on Fox. It's a late night talk show unlike any other you've ever seen. The king of pop smuggles into his king's eyes bed with warm milk and cookies and interviews some of Hollywood's hottest young celebrity. This is Michael Jackson in bed with an Oscar nominee who was clearly starring as the voice of Mulberry in Disney's new animated adventure, the general book too. Please welcome my special guest in my bed. Hailie George Osman. Do we have to do this in your bed? It's in his very charming. I let my children sleep a very good. So tell me, Hailie George Osman. How is it working with loveable bear by Lou? He's not real Michael. He's a cartoon voice by John Goodman. Hey, look what I could do with this. Oh! You never know who's gonna be sleeping in Michael's bed. Hey hey! I'm here with my next guest, Novel Love in my bed. It's a big TV star. The child who plays cypodes is Sonan and my pd blue. Hello child who plays cypodes is Sonan and my pd blue. Sure. Put on this mask. Having so much fun in my shoe and play this game with Barry Gib all the time. Put the mask on. Look at that! Look at that! Touch this one, 10. Oh! So grab some more milk and cookies. Enjoyed Wacko Jacko for some late night TV like you've never seen before. It's sleeping with Michael Jackson. Weeknight! Sunfogs! Let's go to a 560 WQM happy Monday to you. Let's see if we got to Mad Dog at 2 the Hupers do it to show it's Shulers the 7 moon 4 to 7 3 song The hours in the Hupers. Okay, it's enough. Our Panther preview at 7 a panthers host the Buffalo Sabers at the McAureens 7 3 9 out of a big crowd for that. Not. Any case do you want to show like gold fingers? Do I get that right? Correct. And gold fingers at 10 3 9 after the hockey game and then show Mark overnight. Any case a great guy is Shulakasin. A lot of chronic irregular. What are you going to do with that time tonight? You got Carl. And then you got, I think Steve the Amarlan's guy is probably asleep at that point. So let's hear for that J.F. Oh! Good luck man! Oh! Sandy Co-Fack! Oh! Now J.F. Oh! Good Jewish boy from Dartmouth no less pulls it out. Well, who the hell are they kidd man? He's his marginal at best. As they just squeaked by against a little girls team coach by a moron and man would move over like that. Don't you just hate Steve Springer? With a passion. This supposed to be the holiday season thanksgiving. We're supposed to be thankful for all our friends and loved ones and good things. We're not supposed to be spewing hate, but it's more fun. Can remain collapses and dies covering Jackson arrest. This is sad. I'm te't on speaking of that. I just decided if George is like got some kind of a terminal thing having for a kid, you know, like some tanker that's just going to eat up his whole body. A tumor. And I like a loud that's bad. But I'm thinking we can always bring in for well to just be the do his job. He's looking for work right? And then we won't let him say anything then he won't get in trouble. Just go like that. Right? Keep it quiet. Yeah, just like that. That would be great. And like on this story, cameraman collapses and dies covering Jackson arrest. Keep quiet. Must be using hysterical. What a sad chapter. A TV cameraman who collapsed while covering puffs to our Michael Jackson sensation. Or western child molestation charges died. A leader died of a parent heart failure. His station said on Friday. Bill Schema, a 43 year old camera operator for K.E.Y.T. TV. Who fell on Thursday while racing down stone steps at Santa Barbara jail had suffered a severe death. The station said the station said that it was a talented and dedicated video journalist and a general man who was the fact he had died. He fell. He fell. Did block your atkins have died? No. He fell and he died. What is that? Thousands of journalists and police officers. He was a small. He had to drive several, trying to render him. A.D. Before he was rushed to a hospital. But the station said, per minutes were unable to be five of him. So you see? Here's another message for all you kids out there. Three words. Don't fall down. Okay. Okay. No. It's just not a good idea because when you fall, you have the idea. You know, I think I can brace myself like I did that time when Amsterdam and broke that finger in my hand. It could have been worse than that if I had a fall on my noggin. I could be pushing up daisy right now and there are people in the audience going. Oh, yeah. Wouldn't that be great? That big cat is just for a finger. Yeah. Wasn't a cat. It was a splint. The cast is your whole arm. You better get with it, Mr. Because you're always coming. You're a days coming. Yeah. I had that splint all the way up to my elbow for that. They're broken. Both of my hand. It's a pretty one. It's actually was taken into custody on suspicion and child molestations. Pentless than I were to do. And that's a great thing. Mark Ergo says he's coming back here to face his accusers. Yeah. He is a nerdy. They book him a bond bond. That's it. He's back to Vegas. Now, here's the story that really set me off. Just, I'm sorry. I'm not sorry. I just can't handle it. No, no, no. So, though. No, it just can't go on forever. There has to be a poet. It's like, well, now here's one for our side like the O.J. Think of it. That's bull crap. That's not justice. That's horse crap. It's like, well, how many it's like to priest. How many freebies do we get? How many free murders do we get? How many free molestations do we get? What's the answer? None. The answer is none. What kind of a mentality is that? I mean, the fact that people got real-rooted and, you know, kind of like the thing in that small town in Texas, where they all went to jail on these Trump dub charges. We talked about that story. That was Grow Tesskin. It's got to be a made right and it is. We called it and that we do right to make it right. But this idea that these grow test crimes that are committed, well, you know, I see now we got one of our has got off. That's good. Yeah, that was teach. That's bullshit. That's sick. That's sick and nauseating. It makes people get really hateful at them and that's that's racial relations back on the year. It's just like the Bush administration is doing. Black show business pals rally around Michael Jackson, the Hollywood silent. Rallying around pop icon, Michael Jackson, following his study of rest on child-sex charges. A family and some leading figures in the African American community vigorously defended the King of Pop against the molestation charges close friends like Elizabeth Taylor and lies in another main surprisingly mom. Well, that wasn't until the weekend. Lies are still in talking. But Liz Taylor that Fag has she opened up a big push over the weekend. Oh, I know he didn't do it. How does she know that? Does she like got psychic powers like Shirley McClain's entity like Denny McClain? And the other Dion. Demochi? Hold the N-Ower. Yeah. Fony bitch. I used to like the animal. But too. See, that's he turned me off with that Fony assucking thing. Just like that bitch that bitch still cost Delo at the used to work at Power 96. What? Bow gripping. But that Fony assucking thing. Actually, he had Shirley Peters whose name was, what was her name? Tempest Storm or whatever her name was? Candy a cane. Oh, yes. I'm a psychic. I got guarantee. I got more psychic powers than all the bitches put together. You're a team. I bet you're life on it. Before I finish with this story, speaking to my Alzheimer's, I don't have episode. So, second my frequent flyer miles because I'm a moron. Everybody knows I'm a moron. And I fly all these miles. And I don't join all of the frequent flyer clubs and get the to use the miles. So what the hell is the sense of continuing to pay for something you can get for free, right? It's like sex. Why pay for it when you can get it for free? Absolutely. There you go. Everybody agree with that? I have no idea. I have a lot to do. And I don't have a lot to do. I don't have a lot to do with that. I don't have a lot to do with that. I'm not necessarily sure. Except for clearance. He'd pay anything. And he still can't get it. So, the deal is I'm sitting here and I'm thinking about delta delta. I don't have a whole bunch of miles on delta, but I have a huge, I haven't flown delta in years. I hate delta. Can't stand it. See, there he goes with that hate stuff again. And all of a sudden, I'm thinking, I'm just going to make numbers up. Five, five, five, five, seven, eight. And the nine numbers coming to my mind. And I thought, how can I pay? I haven't used it in the years and sure enough I go on to Delta Skyrimiles online. I punch in the numbers. There it is. It's my account number. Yes, not I don't believe it Let me say it again. Why would I make up a story like that? I know the account number all my did is I'm not giving it on the year But I'm just on it right now. What is that number? Proof it. Yeah blow it out your ass I couldn't believe it. I looked on it. I thought why why do I remember that? Well, what is it but at least I don't have no Alzheimer's So what was I gonna talk about oh, yeah, this Michael Jackson thing as Jackson laid low with the green valley we's out in your Vegas where he flew in a private jet yet Thursday For being booked in Santa Barbara accusations of racist behavior toward him began to surface this if this doesn't make you just wild. I don't know what they'll would How can you be how can it be racist when a guy isn't even black and Another thing about your main that's your main to the case he comes on and it says all people think that he's a freak He's this and that we had a wonderful childhoodness and I well since when Wasn't that supposed to be part of the whole thing while he was this is this functional because his father was abusive and a drunk and all this and now Here's your main on there. We're writing history until everybody had it with it They all had a wonderful childhood and everything was very normal and everybody walks around looking like that childhood to key to the problem God the stars mother Katherine Jackson To the online version of Germany's Booth magazine Friday There were two interpretations of the law of the US one for whites and one for blacks How about one for blacks for whites that used to be black She suggested her 45 year old son had been tricked ahead of a major police swoop in his house Tuesday they swooped in I wonder whether somebody could have said a trap room and hidden false evidence in his house. She said she Retorically asked But insisting Jackson was not guilty. She said he was burying up out of the string of the charges and the unprecedented media attention focused on him. Oh, you're unprecedented right He's not worried because he's innocent. He's very strong Doesn't he always give you that impression to be yeah, he's okay when you look at him you think you don't come in a butcher than Michael US civil rights leader Reverend Jesse Jackson US civil rights leader Reverend Jesse Jackson who'd have wrote this is this from what is his son? Yahoo some Yahoo wrote it Called for restraint saying his namesake deserved a trial in court not in the media and expressed grave concerns over prosecutors handling of the case Oh, there's a lot more of this which I'll do the break first lot more to it The next great wonderful you can take anything I'm surprised they haven't already made this thing with the John Miami to where oh, yeah, they're gonna they're gonna off him because of the fact that he's He's black How about the green river killer that killed at least to the 38 women? Isn't that the name of that guy that they just got a couple weeks ago? I don't know They just made the deal with him and he got off from the death penalty Well, I just just get him, but I mean they made the deal because of the fact that he gave the names of all the women that he killed At least the ones he could remember the offer them the death penalty They offered him the death penalty said oh, he didn't even said what do you think he said? I just remember kneels the Delta frequent fly numbers. Okay. That'll do it 1113 at five 60 WCM and a tremendous Monday I don't know what it is, but I think this week's gonna be okay Could be wrong about that holiday Everybody's taking days off. That's where we like it at QAM A lot of time off more pay More vacation. That's what it's all about I'll tell you what it's all about a chilly gloom's fashion clothing. It's about getting looking really great If you want to be a slab like me go right ahead if you want to look really fashionable This is the place chilly glooms have been serving the men in South Florida for 40 years from that same great location 26 50 Northwest fifth Avenue Miami fashion district a chilly glooms. You'll find fine men's clothing from suit sport code slacks Dressants for shirts ties one of the biggest election designers shoes anywhere in town Shelley's got a 10 in slack super 120s and 15 colors for only 60 bucks George your are monies suits itself from 1395 bucks to 1595 You can buy him for only 795 that's about half price at chilly glooms fashion cobeers She'll even offer the fantastic slush and tight in suit starring in just 225 bucks each service selection price those are the three ingredients that have kept Shelley gloom business in the same spot for over the past 40 years and that will never change The selection is unbeatable alterations are always free and with thousands of suits in stock up to size 70 You're sure to find what you need they could even fit fat boy over there Maybe so stop over spending at the malls and make the trip to Shelley blooms and heart of the fashion district They're open Monday through Saturday 9 30 to more until 6 p.m. if you have any questions You want to compare price just give Shelley a call 305 5 7 3 58 90 That's 305 5 7 3 58 90 Shelley blooms fashion cobeers. It's well worth the trip You Just plain my words You can't recognize me My daughters have reached out my everything And I keep children alone And they leave inside my thigh You're sure people say that I am gay That is why I marry you in some way You're afraid to hate a company with the sun That's really bad I rainy until I last cold I can make me forget this Do you know what I opinion? Cleaming on my child We draw the eyes bright And I will never cry I'm calling you, catching me I'm calling you, bringing you Let me find and close I'm safe Oh, we're fine I believe in all my life We all believe we know we But your main sister childhood was great now, all of us, and we keep rewritten history and making things up on the toy Said that that's come back forced her to say all of those things and read those statements about you being a child molester And a pedophile and she was sick and tired of covering up for your ass 300 votes on air, which it is well known blacks is the biggest impediment to race relations Louis Ferrican 113, he's off to the races all Louis, he's off to the race relation of race Jesse Jackson 77, Al Sharpton 50, OJ got 26, they hate you, OJ The on setters 22, he's almost, he's read on OJ's ass Michael Jackson 8 and Johnny's talking got four Forget back to that story Uh, what? What? Now you're facts, man, why can you tell me this on the air? Oh, just why can't you send me a fast to tell me that bow Kimba bow campers going to be on for the upper day Too much heavy duty work for hey, we'll work these days, overweight, overweight Kim bow camper for the homperate for it's for it's you list today Kim's another really good guy like it he came but does a very boring show But nevertheless that's it, we can do a lot of lots of talk about Jfeela Jfeela, Brian we see Jfeela Man, I get such a kick such a chuckle out of that whole deal, you know, it's hysterical One minute there are the goat and they're the worst in history The next minute there a hero, all the sudden silly crap Here's a couple of facts is before we get back to the very important Michael Jackson thing It looks like the sun settin' was gotten a case of my me heralditis With their misinformation last couple of voices this fact, sir And you are absolutely correct Several days ago they had to picture a one peer attached to the story About Don Trallo as we talked about that Being the favorite for the rookie of the year ward Today on page nine, see of my brow edition They have a chart listing the longest dolphin passplays of all time They list last night's 80 are touched down past from Brian Greasey To Derrius Thompson, the only problem is the past was cut by James McNight As written in the story attached to the chart Another great job, I want to have our local fish raft Thank you so much, as they just can't get it right See, I think I'm not best about the sun settin' was they When they make a mistake like on their website They don't care like the time jica had he was writing a thing about waxy 790 And he had 710 on there, I talked about it on the year for days And every day I would mention it and they never changed it But take too much effort to go to the website and change something Kind of like the beasley attitude about the QM website It anyway, I don't want to get started on that Here's another fact, this is a good fact It's as this morning since Howard is off this week No, he's not off this week, he was off today He's off today because he's got he had to go schluckin' Man, he had to get some beauty sleep, is it helping? Absolutely not It's since he's off, I switched over to your station and the sports nerds We're out of the issue where it reminds me when I lived in Asia and Europe over the last four years How there are more relevant things to talk about rather than the hey jodey You see the great block to tackle made in the final drive And speaking of that, there was no great block to be by Made it was Ricky put on his cape on and he jumped over to line That was a beautiful thing for dolphin fans He jumped over, he flew into the end zone Anyway, it says here, I must say that since I came back I watched very little sports and you know, I don't miss it at all And listening to sport holes, whoever even been outside a data-brower It makes me tune in the best of steering Good luck to all of us and it says F-Rummy Condy Poorly a Cheney and Wolfie too Best of strength Then he must be on vacation too How come I'm not damn it? I'm this dedication king and queen And I'm sitting here working my ass off George is probably just screwed off for ten to be sick today Hank's laying out Who else? And like I said, mo this morning But the good line in his fangs is And hey Neil, do you think the sports nerds think going to the dolphin game is traveling? That's a great line That's their idea of a long trip That's a long trip, they can hour back and forth from the house Right Real worldwide travelers, oh went to the dolphin game to Joe Robby's statement If he wanted to call these days, P-P Park We went our end in a P-P at the park I understand they had how many people at the Rutgers UN game on Saturday That's what I heard I heard there was guilty doing it It was a Joe, I think little dog was moaned about what a pathetic turn out You call that a crowd? You call that a crowd? You call that a penis? Right, well said little dog, that's why they call him little dog Geez I don't know what the attendance was, does anybody know? Does it have an idea? I don't know, the beast is better out to us Was the beast off today too? No he was in Oh I don't know because I tried to avoid as much as possible of that Anyway, this is our Jesse Jackson going on against his Michael deserves due process The New Jerusalem should remain objective And the global community must not hastened a judgment He said branding the raid by up to 70 investigators on Jackson's Neverland ranches over kill It was over kill Now for white guy would have been completely white if it would have been Hindi We're looking for evidence Then it would have been okay if we Charlie Manson's place Ted Monty's home if he had one Then it would have been okay The pro-manal was over kill Singer Rick James, who looks like I mean did you see him on TV? Yeah, we saw him, oh my god He's here to answer some of Popeyes and Kentucky Fridays days I'll tell you that Man, oh man talk about just ballooning up looks like somebody stuck up By bicycle pump and Rick James Rectome ass and his blew it up He made fat rich look like mini mouse Singer Rick James have prepared good bread of Jackson since their motown recording days was blunt About what he saw as prosecutor Tom Stedden's motives in pursuing Jackson and child abuse charges for the second time in 10 years He's black rich in famous name nothing better to do We said of the charges ten filed against Jackson as soon as you get famous in black They go after you he told CNN like Bill Cosby Right like all the rap artists right go after him all sure Jackson's brother German implicitly evoked the specter of racism against the black star Who's one of the best known entertainers on earth. He is innocent. This is nothing but a modern day lynching said your main a modern day lynching Rack or P diddy and rhythm and blues diva Alicia keys also weighed in on Jackson side accusing the media of howling the battle king of plop I feel offended by the way to meet his handling a man who really has been a major force in American culture since the day he was born virtually He's told reporters. I really think he deserves more respect Respect P diddy said Michael Jackson has been a positive influence in my life I believe that I think they got a lot more in common than meets the eye The way the media is stalking and I think it's wrong even if he's in the wrong let's at least get the evidence and give the man his day in court And then we'll fry his ass Jackson's god daughter Nicole Richie 22 who's father is Colonel Cunner Lionel Richie also came to the besiege pop icons defense Say she and pals that often slept in the same room with the man never lent and no inappropriate behavior ever took place What she was female Yeah, plus he had her gender were against probably against the side of the wall And low Come on One pill makes you drowsy And then also And make you high If it wasn't my housemate gave me But maybe it's you All the time Go ask well You should keep you well supplied Founding them who falls You really hurt Bring me to a higher asshole plane I can have a groom You're not getting posted Thanks to my friends in a higher moral place Go ask well You could just force a hand from a postball Back back I backed my suffocates and ready to build both of us the birds You And other dissenters friends Let's extract the gold out of their teeth And donate the proceeds to the RNC As a show of life of course for our glorious leader And go ask well Mother You'll get you through your show Through my putting the logic Out of proportion To justify your secret page Out my ass I'm talking backwards My dinner head friend Oh yeah I'm not a little bit but Got you guys to go Yeah Remember What was with ball All drug abusers Should be Once we get off the fatso Rush Limbaugh attacks the national inquirers says the inquiry And fails to mention a few things When Rush Limbaugh returned the airwaves after five weeks in rehab He didn't complain about his involvement in a floated drug ring And he never mentioned that he subject in an ongoing drug police drug probe Instead The conservative commentator came out swinging at the inquiry We broke the shocking story of his long-time addiction The prescription painkillers in our issue Our issue published October 2 He told listeners it's quite hilarious Those are the people quote the national inquirers The world's foremost authority And I'm here to tell you that they're not What you know what you think you know you don't know Don't make the national inquirer the authority on this story You know We reported at Limbaugh but tens of thousands of pills from the housekeeper I just Palm Beach mansion The details of the inquirers scooper later confirmed by other top news organizations across the country Source is say Rush is housekeeper wasn't the only person to be applying him in our college And he remains part of a drug prob in Palm Beach County Which is led to a resso far All right The investigation is ongoing and more restor possibly law enforcement source familiar with the investigation tool the inquirer Rush may be out of rehab, but he's not of the woods yet as far as cops are concerned Rush's admitted is the addiction to prescription drugs But the thing to remember is he didn't have a prescription How do you like that Rush? Top a few more you idiot He's still pop them Oh by the way they had that big outdoor hockey game the first regular NHL hockey game ever played outdoors in Edmonton, Saturday night And the old-timeers game that proceeded at and the US networks are so hockey intensive they didn't even tell us Needless to say here Starting at 430 in the afternoon with the old-timeers game and right through they concluded at least five three when overbank covered about the one o'clock in the morning There was like eight and a half hours of hockey Now we're talking baby But the US any wonder why there's no hockey fans in the most of the US because they don't do anything for it That was a great spectacle It was minus 25 degrees Celsius was 25 below zero And they were playing hockey And even as patriotic as the most Canadians are when they said ladies and gentlemen, please rise and remove your caps to honor the flag of the idea and play it all Canada A lot of people kept their took-sign Well Exactly they said their ears were more important than the patriotism you think Anyway getting back to this very important story Jackson's god dot in the cold richie 22 is father's queen or lion with richie or redness But it's a you gotta have this as a peridude Also came to the besiege pop icons defense and she and pals had often stepped in the same room with a man never land that no one appropriate behavior took place And they always use this line It was like absolutely nothing more than just an adult kind of wanting to be a kid again She told the exes Hollywood entertainment TV show Thursday the man is 45 freaking years old Hello The toy throw us kid 45 years old We've been hearing this excuse for the last 20 years now He just wants to go have the child who had never had before rapper L. L. Cooljay said need to the charges know the media hyperbole surrounding them would dim his support for jacco I'm a fan I support him 100 billion percent until I see evidence I'm not gonna be convinced I'm not gonna be brainwashed But I like that lies have only had no comment Interesting And Liz Taylor finally this weekend opened up her big mouth at Fag Hag the world's number one Oh, I know he didn't do it. He's not guilty. Yeah, the idea. Also the crap So there you go Haven't had anybody it's almost noon. We have had nobody called on the ripped George now These hot sick today, which I gave you. We invited you used to be don't have to invite you know It just volunteer usually five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Not a call we're doing screenless today. Did not a call on the board We took control already. What tell you people want we took two calls. That's like one an hour And that's plenty as far as I'm concerned Which in these well-known blacks is the biggest impediment to race relations. We're asking on the arangers dot com 347 votes WCQAM Yes, sir I just follow earlier Michael Irvin. I hate him. I hate him. Yeah. He's a fence of coke fake and smith and cold Now he's got a job on the S. N. They should fire his ass and a new rippin on people taking off and new The person that takes off the most I know that's why that's why I do it. That's the idea. That's the idea. A 347 Louis Ferrican 131 Jesse Jackson 89 Al Sharpen 58 O. J. has got The on Sanders 24 and I score on D on you go boy Michael Jackson nine Johnny's cup and got six That's right. You're just jealous loser. You're just jealous because I take off whatever hell I feel like a man and big big checks come in effect Look at the calendar tomorrow's the 25th of the month. You know what that means. It means I got a big fat one tomorrow and a check to You're just jealous The Humper he's making a fortune. I don't have the idea how much Hank makes but between ESPN and the station He's pulling in some big bucks when you have a big gambling habit like that. You have to end a big eating habit I'm going Humper. We got Kim Boe Kim for actually mad dog is working today. Oh right. He's pretty unusual for him. Let's see how many days is he working this week? One two three Definitely not Thanksgiving day and four on Friday. It's a four out of five Okay, now let's see no mode today Most doing a ball game on Thursday. So that's a work day for him in Manage And it says Mo on Friday Am I working on Friday? No, I'm taking off at noon on Thursday because there's a ball game on so I got a day and a half off So like I said I get more time off in anybody and that's the way I like it. Oh right you bet why don't I? Right, why not I'm old and feeble WKOM Yes, sir speaking Hey, oh my god. They're gonna blow up. Exactly. I can rip your edge go ahead Go ahead Right Sure go ahead, please Oh, that's the bad habits frozen custard I was closing custard back. Oh, we're talking maybe now that time people be walking around with a big smile instead of front on their push It'll be sitting show up Okay, thanks for good news, paley. They're getting an habits frozen custard machine, which of course back in Rochester years ago at the vicarerves and donn and bobs and Nick Tows And I guess maybe not I don't know if Nick Tows had the frozen custard, but anyway the other places did and man is that good stuff better than ice cream You ever have frozen custard like almond fudge frozen custard. Oh man chocolate almond fudge man. You'll be packing it Anyway, I'd never finished the appell results so far get with it. I'm all over the place We're doing the AOR format today all over the road poor Josh is sitting in there. He doesn't know whether the screamer peel banana because he got what about two minutes training on Friday Okay, all right See, but it goes to sure I'm all heart. I'm not forcing the answer to phone and everything is just kind of like laid back Now through the end of the year. It's the holidays take a lot of time on. Believe me, we will jury recommends death for sniper job and have it another dream members are coming out just just like it was a ball game You know, just like we just finished the ball game and now they're all standing in front of the microphone or multiple people that are prepared for a year And then all of a sudden but a bit but a boop but about everybody's got something to say. Yeah, every because they need to fill up the time right CNN and SMBC box all of these. They got to fill up the time. They need something on here with a bunch of slime 350 two votes which well known black is the biggest impediment to race relations. Louis Ferrican 132 Jesse's Jackson 90 Al Sharpton 59 OJ 31 the on centers 25 Michael Jackson 9 because most people don't consider him black and jot a cockman 6 So that whole story about the race relationship. It's just he just got to opinion your pants laughing Right It's just my point when anybody thinks of Michael Jackson does the word black enter their mind No, is there any chance you took him as being like even like mocha Mocha Am I junior honey? I believe we're ready now this Congratulations Mr. Jackson is your new baby boy. Would you prefer a paper or plastic? Yes, I can't wait to get you some moon and show you your new pacifier You're my dear 3-Dash baby What a lovely way to perpetuate my fair appeal I'm a 3-Dash baby You won't need a crib because I'll call her up close to build up I want you to move Oh, you're going to grow up maybe You'll get all your desire My lovely unswerving I'm turning late 13 You're my peak because you're big Come on, sit on that is that They have the game to play with you Daddy wants you to find the magic rules Oh, show me Also commenting on Jackson's situation or Quincy Jones Remember Quincy Jones to that video we are the world Call him with her Well, but don't you remember he was like directing and he was like he looked like a mannequin His arms were like very strange Anyway Quincy Jones, one of the most influential producers in the music business who all says he sends his prayers to Jackson Commitian Steve Harvey and rapper Missi Elliot Elliot says he prays a Michael Jackson didn't do what he's accused of doing Because he's the biggest influence in her life He describes herself as ready to fight for Jackson She says some of her support comes from the fact that she too was this celebrity And knows what it's like to be judged But Elliot notes that if Jackson is guilty It's something you'll have to take up with God Ha ha ha ha Huh? If he's guilty, he'll have to take it up with God Just like all them Catholic priests They have to go to the Lord and they have to go like to the rectum Reen pray that God will forgive him I personally don't think Michael is guilty said Harvey I really don't think it is in him to harm a child I really really don't I really think it will help him clearly in the court of public opinion Since somebody attorney Trent Copeland on CBS news is early show I think from the evidentiary standpoint These people are also service character witnesses for Michael Jackson That could be quite an important for him In her written statement, let's tell a predict Jackson They've indicated the Faghag actress who has a few things in Kamma Which Jackson, including having been a child star Winning every award early in her career in experiencing more heartbreak than romance Also attacked the way the media had been covering the story The first thing she said was I thought the law was innocent until proven guilty I know he's innocent, hope they all eat Crow Said Taylor was refusing to come in on cameras They protested the media treatment in Jackson Pussy looks like hell For his par Jackson dressed as fans directly via his new website saying The child molestation allegations made against him are predicated on a big lie And then he'll be exonerated in court I guess they figure we all have Alzheimer's, you know what? We all forget these things from 10 years ago Right, including that authorized biography and Latoya statement Which now we find out she was coerced to read and somebody just made it up She's kidding We're just kidding because they wanted on the gravy train Because that new number one's the new CD Is number one an England already and record in the dough And this goes on and on and on and on What was the the settlement? 20 million 20 million in the civil suit 93 20 million and it's oh yeah, we don't want to go through all about here We'll settle we'll take the 20 thank you Just sign right here You know also speaking of the way the media manages the news since they're like now heavy duty on this The the sentencing for a John Mohammed Remember in the Movede show the American troops that were dragged to the streets Right bodies in most of the weekend a rack 188 is dragged the bloody bodies of two American soldiers from a wrecked vehicle and pummeled them with concrete blocks yesterday Witnesses said describing a burst of savage being a city once safer Americans another soldier was killed by a bomb and US allied police chief was assassinated As the butcher we continue that spelled BUSHERY The US led coalition also said grounded commercial flights after the military confirmed that a missile struck a DHL cargo plane Delanded Saturday at Baghdad International with its wing of flame it was flaming Nevertheless, American officers insisted that they're making progress and brings stability to Iraq And the US appointed Governor in council named the ambassador Washington and Iraqi American woman who spent the last decade Loving US lawmakers to promote democracy in our homeland and also we had another tragedy. We had another chopper That would done in Afghanistan your cobbled five Americans killed there. It just goes on day after day after day after the no end in sight I just mentioned that in passing too since nobody seems to care. We have bigger fish to fry right like Michael there. There you go And like John Mohammed and every one of the jurors coming out other people's children. There you go They all got something to say five six seven. Oh five sixty. It's ripped your gen ass day on QAM because he's out sick for a change This business a call and sick and not showing up every day like I said. It's very important if you've got anything at all in you You show for work every day. There's a little message for all your kids out there. Don't be taking a lot of time off don't be calling and sick Don't be fun next. You should not to show up right That's your try that That's what Doreen said she said you got a stick with it put your nose to the grindstone put your finger in my WQAM hello Yeah, sir Happy Thanksgiving For everybody QAM And I have them call the pod to answer ever in Jones Reven Jones is just an out for them for thanks. You're gonna give us something a bit thankful for he's leaving the planet He's going to Uranus I thought it was him like the first two yeah, he's moving right up here. We'll take care of you man I got a lot of Arab connections up here WQAM Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir I just like to say I have always been for a long time You've got our own kind of a kind of situation when it's a little bit right and I watch most of those specials And I asked our government has covered up that for 40 years it's unbelievable Right because the see his head gets shot from the front and go back There's no way that one guy can do that when the ball is coming from behind him This had she just went forward That's not necessarily true. I would disagree with you on ed because the forensic experts will tell you that the reaction of the head is some it is some pretty people In other words, that doesn't really tell you which direction the shot came from what the clue is they had no leconley was out with King on Saturday night And she and she maintain it John Conley's a wife she was in a car and she knows that there were three shots She was there. She heard them very distinctly John Conley himself always until his death. He always maintained it. There were three shots He should have known he was in the car and she says you know the idea that one bullet was suspended in midair for a second and a half After it came through can these neck and then which clearly the the hole in his neck was an entrance wound out an exit wound Which they covered up and changed the diagram, but you know people over there know what happened in the other thing is It's up to the present date as when we first got attacked by the well, I can't say a rhyme, but one of the radio Yeah, when our terrorist could attack us and wish one in the interim I thought for I was won't lie. I was a definitely for a country and this and that but right now I had enough feeling of the Vietnam Reaction and it's time to support out We've been more ways than one right and we did we did what we had to do and when over there We proved to the world that we are still number one. We want to buy everybody up, but it's time to get our American troops home Where it's over done with it. That's probably I'm going to get the same pali All right, thank you. Have a great holiday. Get bring them home man bring them home for Christmas Put together some kind of a makeshift Who the hell gives a crap? We already care this business about this. He this was just like a a face saving thing No weapons of mass destruction no connection with al Qaeda no nothing So this is well we're here operation Iraqi freedom That's what this is all about we just kept changing the name of it every couple of days first of which shock and awe and then there was a flaw Because we saw that there were no weapons of mass destruction And we should have said all let's get that loud but instead of doing that and this this bull crap about well We're now their saying is gonna be at least 100,000 troops there until 2006 And the idea that the American public see against the media There's still hotken about John Mahamid right here. Are you didn't appear to flinch during the show? We have funds to pay genie flinch this Air v single day. How come we're not seeing? I'm sure somebody must have some photos some pictures. There was one photo with the bodies laying in the street But other than that we're not seeing nothing because they don't want American people to see any images of what the Butchery that's going on over there including against their own people Don't talk about it. That's right. Don't talk about it. It's supposed to be a big secret And the American public man they'll put up with anything they don't care anymore. They put up with Vietnam all of those years All those thousands of bodies coming back 58,000 to be more or less And we're gonna house the leadership. I still say the goddamn democratic party man is so freaking weak so weak so lame so weak need That's why you know Howard Dean is the man at least at this point, but he even him even him wishy-washy man wishy-washy Well, we have to stay and get the job done but to beat them get them all out of there now Let's go after Al Qaeda. Let's go after the real terrorist and this crap about Tommy Franks the thing I wanted to begin them to show that that's just unbelievable How do you like that About if we have a an attack with the weapon master's discretion against the US we can kiss our ascored bibe basically We can forget about our freedoms we can forget about this form of government And you be right in that condo there What any vacancy in that condo where you're at now no no Absolutely not People wonder why I talk what what's happening in country and it's not but I'm gonna Give me the ball give me the ball hey that jfeeler baby Luckman co-fax and feeler She way Mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q 8 From walk is the productions comes the cutest little Arabs you've ever seen Arathas Abdullah Jerusalem and little Jericho 102 Palestinians this time the wicked cruel of Baroque is trying to separate all the little phala Stittians from their happy West Bay homes it's one explosive situation after another with all those phala Stittians scrambling for cover don't miss Walt Disney's newest animated feature 102 Palestinians now showing and theaters everywhere I should have mentioned that this jury decision today this is just their recommendation you do understand that it is not official no No, because February 10 February 12 will be the actual sentencing hearing with a judge in the general The side of all the jury said this or maybe the judge will be lenient. What do you think I doubt it? damn well better not be 401 votes are poor on your rajus.com which it is well known blacks is the biggest impediment to race relations Louis Ferrican 149 he wins hands down your pantaloonies Jesse Jackson 99 Al Sharpen 73 OJ 34 Deon Sanders 26 neon deon Michael Jackson 11 and Johnny's cockman got nine out of 401 But you notice how every time something like here's Gloria all red comes out over to weekend about how Michael Jackson's kids should be taken away from And it's always the same people mark Garagos and Gloria all red and Nancy Grayson the same crew of Stittian lawyers man god of these suck I'll tell you well so the queen thinks so the president sucks The queen is furious with president bush after his stay visit caused thousands of pounds of damage to her gardens at Buckingham palace. How do you like that? Oh my god. She's pissed She's walking around with her nose even further up in here than usually is a girl because Prince Philip Fartsalot Where up officials are now attached with the queens insurers and Prime Minister Tony Blair to find out who'll pick up the massive repair bill Palusteps that they'd never seen the queen so angry as well as she saw how her perfectly maintained laws have been Sure enough after being turned into helipads with three giant age landing markings for the bus visit The rotors of the president's Marine Force one helicopter and two support black house damage trees and shrubs Oh shrubs I bet you're Molly Evans likes that that it survives since Queen Victoria's rain And bushes army of cloud hop and security servicemen trampled more precious and exotic plants The queen's own flock of flamingos which is now here comes the worst part Which security staff insisted should be moved in cut and case they uh Fluent of the helicopter rotors are thought to be so traumatized after being taken to a place of safety They might never return home. What are we gonna do about that? Take them over to high lea they can't get out what a one's in the infield there. I wonder if those highly the Flamingos are still highly Do you think that's something we ought to like send the one of our crack ace report is out on Josh's on his way. Did you ever go to high lea? I'm driven through highly it. No, I'm talking about the racetrack dummy Well, that you is a beautiful thing They used to have the Flamingos out there and then every now and then when it was feeding time The god would come to trainer and he'd like blow his whistle and they would all like a ghost step around just like the American public was great The historic fabric of the palace was also damages high-tech lanes were fitted free-west leader And his honor wise during history day stay with the queen The palace has had gardener mark lanes speaking of Kennedy conspiracies, but not the same one was reported to be In tears when he saw the scale of the damage the queen has every right to feel insulted the way she's been treated by bush Said a palace insider And it goes on and on about to cost this to freaking bad, okay? You silly as Brits her bushes were mistreated. Yeah, too freaking bad Oh, look at this GOP jewels over Dean Ray, so yeah, they're there counting there at chickens are but they're hoping that the Dean gets it Because they think he'll be like another Michael Ducaca. I don't think so Boy the stuff that your sending me on a fax machines enough to make me just monogagag why are you doing this? It's just like getting even the George card Intel you do that Well sending me some real swill It's all I've got five six seven. Oh five sixty. I don't need I got a whole pile here Man believe you me. I got piles Did you think fat piles Look at this pole show Massachusetts game marriage ruling. Okay. Okay Two new polls released yesterday show Massachusetts lawmakers could be fucking public opinion If they try to thwart the Supreme Court the judicial courts ruling last week that found the state's ban on game marriage Unconstitutional 50% of Massachusetts residents surveyed for Boston globe WBC TV poll said they agreed with the ruling while 30 percent of post 50% yes 38% nay a Separate Boston Harold Poli yesterday said 49% support legalized game merged 38% against Both polls conducted after Tuesday's ruling had margins sampling or plus of five if people want to be together Who cares let them said bill love 30 to a nightclub owner in Worcester or some a guy might say were Chester In it's ruling Massachusetts while we know that Both polls released yesterday found out position to the proposed constitutional amendment 53% opposed and 36% in the favor Constitutional amendment that the governor wants giving same sex couple something short of marriage and it would ban game marriage and effectively Squirt the rule that's right they want to cost us the amendment of course the right winners in the the US. They want to have a Real constitutional amendment for the entire country. That's right two thirds of the states without the ratified Sightifying marriage one man one woman all us other crap because God only knows what's gonna happen if these fat merges They're popping up all over the place So I think just On acceptable But then again if Cubans give you married like Miguel don't we already have game marriages 567.0560 pound five 60 on a AT and T and Verizon wireless line even pretty Nice to judge today, haven't I so far? He might actually come back tomorrow WQAM Yes, sir. Do you celebrate? No, I don't WQAM hello Yes, sir Definitely Santa Con Yeah, and why would you care about anything here you're up there? Yeah, why would then there's there's you know, it's amazing to me We should have three by five cards then you automatically know who it is Why would you care about this? Why do you care about California? That's the way this guy always sounds Then we have the one guy that crazy Dennis you have the courage to hear what the man has always start the same way They've got to have a written down Maybe that's one of the reasons I am here asshole 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT and T and addition which I don't have to talk to much of morons every day when I walk as soon as this show is overman I talk to like friendly decent nice people. Not saying we don't have some assholes here a But generally speaking much show that are temperament much better behaved More civilized. There's the operative word baby civilized you get it civilized as opposed to Just always angry always pissed off always hostile I was discussing that with a friend yesterday when you're in a place when you live in a place You start behaving like the people there when you're placed where the people are friendly and nice and low key You act friendly and nice and low key when you're placed where the people are angry and husband It's like when you go to New York and it's the hustle and bustle and everybody is running and pushing and Shubbing and rude and all of that you start behaving like that to it's for even for just for survival sake You can't say I'm saying when and row that's right. So when it's off load to be like that Which is fine with me because I get paid the same regardless. How many Q a M hello? WQ a M hello A Niel. Yes, sir. Hey, you're nervous on math. It's where the pizza? And I never really noticed that try not to look that close why you didn't know I think it's a meat mass Yeah, is that what it is? I might be you guys got a good dental plan there or not? No 560 560 pound 560 on the 18 but they got some week material that they know one of them Pretty nice to judge very weak. I know it's a holiday. We don't respect too much and one and I do what and Monday And I got this big problem stuff anyway, but they want calls man. He want a lot of calls on here We've been short-changing the first two hours So make up for this our in our line nine is always good. It's always a local column long distance line Q a M hello Hey Niel what's the article you read about the weapon To get a tax yeah Where do you have a copy that I say do I have a copy of it? Yeah, you have it on your website no And it won't have it on the website is because I couldn't Do a link on it where the hell is that I got it here? It's on news max dot comets by John O Edwards don't read the rest of news max dot comets Or write your brain, but it's by John Edwards Friday November 21st general Franks doubts constitutional survived WMD attack News max dot com any WSMAX All right have a great to holly I mean for me to recommend an article on news max dot com. But again, they're quoting Tommy Franks and they're quoting from an interview in cigarficiata, which is hardly a right wing or left wing any other kind of wing propaganda machine When we were doing them cigar spots we never thought oh my god, it's a cigarficiata. It must be common is though Or a fact she's there something like that did we know now even though Padela's like to be fat woman then so again did Bubba and you 560 50 50 50 pound five 60 on a AT and T line over get the Q m fan and Miguel will be five to seven a second to the public's 401 he's sharing street and then you've been to wheel for prizes which aren't much put Subest we can do and pick up your best in the merchandise CDs and then Mohar David of key chains Which I have run here and you've got deported When they found that thing laying around they said you mo WQAM Speaking And pretty much at a time, but I was curious as to What brings out the hatred of those fair cards? Oh my my, specifically what you know, you have asked the question Yeah, yeah, I've been caught. Yeah, I mean like from from a black perspective. I know him I mean I know who's not some pretty much And what is that? What is his doctrine besides hate? What else is the they preachers? He's actually preaching for the upliftment of his people much as With the scatters and their left That way Benelli County and they like for not so much hatred of other people as much as you know Black folks doing back right like when he talks about that gutter religion and all his other stuff that he spews Yeah, now he can't say Subder bodies of better religion and that you know we can't a lot of religions on that Relic and the next year philosophy more than that My philosophy is all religions are gutter religions all over Yeah, but like the way when you get life folks messed up as bad as we are at this point Wait wait a minute. What does that mean messed up as we are? Why are you? Black you know you you're working it you you're drafted neighborhoods you see the conditions that we're in now I saw a use K-T yeah, you could be my tank and you know like most of the time if you're your position on a cause With almost echo max it is Yeah, I know you must get some rocks on it to red a thumb But you turn on black for some black man's perspective I know what what do you mean I turn on blacks? What are you all on? I turn on red? You really would think about black folks too much Give me longer but you used to be my champion. I don't know what ever the same time That's we get all that same too I used to be your champion, but now because of the fact I don't like Louis Burrcon I'm not your champion Is that you're not not not not not not not not In other words there are no black people who's behavior or attitudes deserve to be criticized Is that what you're saying? Yes, but my all means and I'll be the first one to the point I'm most of them Yeah You But if you're to finish Louis Burrcon my friend you can talk until the cows come on You're not gonna convince me. Okay, but what I'm just saying like I can understand a white person not wanting to be with In addition to which let me say this dear your your beef isn't with me because I didn't vote for a Louis Ferrcon on a poli vote And for Dion Sanders because I find him repulsive Whatever The fact that a matter is any you can argue with the rest of the audience could 162 of them 38% are voting for the U of Ferrcon I didn't perform their voting when they find him If we would listen, I'm just speaking at for my black perspective Yes, it's a little bit more of what he say on the positive side many of us Stay stupid stuff, you know, and I mean you're included But if we play folks with a little bit more the positive thing like the family and then we wouldn't be here like you know Look at that I really feel bad when I ride through and I see what's happening. I think it's a folk I was wanted to Black power here. I know I won't go Well, what do you mean look what they did to that my folks? What does that mean? I don't understand? When I lived in Detroit and I had friends of mine and he traded the most fashionable expensive neighborhoods where they lived in very My multimillion dollar houses and then I went back 20 years later and the entire neighborhoods were black and all those beautiful houses Returned into a gigantic slum. I did white people do that I'm real I'm just trying to get up just got me right right now. I'm I'm in overlocked Right and The money that's made as reason that she got in the homes where drugs are allowed to be so And what the The money that is being made in this area from the gross sales not in this area Like me, but you know, they're bringing in an analysis Just listen, I want to run man. I don't have all day for like a I understand what you're saying What will do is we'll give rushes phone number to dress before to show us up and then you can put it around the hood and make Go and make some money down here have a great holiday man Yeah, it goes to pedal some good stuff and I would wear rushes You know what what? Huh? Coppifiocky 1214 at five 60 WQAM And what is this from a Teddy chronic Teddy? Couldn't resist the managed philosophy there's always a shoelas man staying out to the there's here's a What is this is all-yeah chronic Teddy chronic Teddy looking George his butt again What are George's infected Want to leave a mark on you the size of New York To you with pointy shoes For wearing my dress I have just one remark for you You talk you talk When I get lit up I'm the meanest day in the world And I don't have any clothes About hitting girls You're beating brown eyes Will people act today I'm gonna Love love with you You're just You're just If you don't Forget it you'll hide in the closet That's why with the room You don't You Don't 122560 WQAM Anyway, I glossed over this fact from chronic George liquor Teddy Botswana in Miami right And I shouldn't have done that because in during the break I already did again because I didn't understand the full impact I mean the tremendous blow that I took from this thing he says Hanyl and Scott well guess what Teddy Scott ain't here no more either either Scott that's number one Secondly, I wasn't gonna do it. I guess is what he meant but I couldn't resist. Yeah, you can't resist George doesn't need you to defend him George's job is secure. All right. Absolutely. I'm sorry Teddy. He'll uh, although we are gonna send you for the holidays and ojaganic life-sized George right Because blow up dog It says I'm one who believes in the managed philosophy. There's always a shoelas man standing outside the door But At this point, I don't think it's George who should be looking over his shoulder on off days Happy gobble gravel Teddy Botswana in Kindle Meaning that I should be looking over my shoulder because George is waiting in the wings What is that? George is waiting with a big turkey wing over his shoulder He's just waiting there for the day that I croaked or just shut me out the door Hey guess what Teddy I got a real good contract, okay? I'm not looking over my shoulder. You'll be fine. Do you think? Yeah. Oh, we're fine I mean, I realize I'm getting pretty old and feeble and not nearly as entertaining as George is but nevertheless Teddy I do the same you know if people think every day they have today and somehow we seem to be anxious Speaking by Sir, I mean, I know we all have our groupies. We all have those people who hate us but this guy. It's beyond it's beyond love Whatever the state of mind, whatever the state of the emotion is, that's way that transcends love That's Teddy and George. Although I think it's one side it No, it's probably not one George likes a little lick here in there. You know what I mean? Back to 176 for Louis, Ferrican. Yeah, why not how was that to my dark friend? I think give me a what for all the Of course, I do agree with those 451 or 176 people Ferrican's got 176 which of these well known blacks is the biggest impediment to race relations Louis got 176 Jesse Jackson, 109. He ain't no mushroom can violate Now sharp to 80. OJ 37. Dion Sanders 29. He's got nearly Michael Jackson 11 and Johnny's cocking got nine And maybe we'll have some very articulate people called in today and tell us why they find Louis Ferrican to be so device of it He's a bad bad man. That thing about he drives around and see what they've done to my black phone. I don't understand what he's talking about. Do you? I didn't get that. I mean, I realized that America is still much sturdierly racist country and every respect But nevertheless In fact, what I look at Neon Dion on there in his pinstriped suit drive it his pimple beer right on the set And it seems to me last time I checked he was black right? Yeah Because that was Reagan's answer to us often the problems of the black community in America He was going to like expand the NBA to 6,000 teams Didn't work WCWM Yes sir, look good Were you able to locate that path in the book out for a kid and record the old man No, I haven't done it yet I think it's around paid 58 or 59. This isn't Carl is it? No, no, no. Oh, thank goodness you sound a little bit like Carl. I got panic No, listen listen also, do you have any information and record what the Republican did over the weekend at How they're trying to mend the rules to a Sam this subscription drug bills Okay, can you have let it over? What do you mean do I have any information about there there there there is showing it down the old folks Throats right right I would give you an analogy what they trying to do Okay, it's right trying to give a young child from candy that's on And when someone try to stop you giving it to the young child because they know it's for us They tell the kids oh look he doesn't want to get this can this beer head side nobody Right, that's a big drug company Right, that's right And why should they why should that surprise you? This is the Robinhood administration take them the poor and give to the rich They're the five rough. They should have the five probably we were just showing everything with this stuff That's how you know it going on with you up there There's a weather for you have to stop there when it's pretty too in the way Sir, I want to tell you I read more about what's going on in the world on the internet and one day the most of these people do in a lifetime Okay, so I got CNN I got MSNBC I got all three of them and I was plus I got BBC and CBC just to stop it all off. So I got some idea what's going on I'm gonna be on the footstool with the rock everything you know you started with and like another work going on You might even want to know what they almost I'm a big foot right I don't want to say it to take days and bread of but now I watch the news I've got watching the news I watch the CBC or watch the BBC you can't get any news I was saying what's going on in America That is correct Let's go on with the listen there were probably just a minute to who they stopped to date And I know there's a three more hours for president Bush to call a piece of twist on the thing If you're a bit more into the future I'd advise you Hey, I know you know, Jamitoo tell Jamitoo you already had this kind of dive and find sign a couple of the Democrats caving and they'll know Jamitoo But I think they're gonna come out and say you want just the seniors and the seniors gonna say oh you're the Democrats don't want us to get a bill for the bill But I don't know Ted Kennedy was on a small day on CNN screaming about the fact that most senior citizens are against it and spread the ARP and even only 18% of the ARP members are in favor of it So they're not really with the ARP we've bought our father in the pharmaceutical companies that have started to correct They will brought off and have a good thing come up to Canada by some drugs cheap pal. All right with it. All right rush is house water. Okay A lot of people looking for drugs man and the way things are going I can't blame. There's an article and village voice you might want to read. I don't want to do the whole thing. It's not that good anyway By James Ridgeway, Rummy's kids, but the reason I mentioned that is he quotes Tommy Franks and the interview in cigar fish and arrow that was repounded in newsmax dot com that right wing piece of crap And this article doesn't go anywhere Because he's just tying together a whole bunch of unconnected things Richard Pearl said this and crazy general William Boykinson that about the Christian nation and Rummy's felt said that and Tommy Franks said this And I think the seminar all up you could do it in three words. Oh my god right 26 pass known as five sixty wqm big news how a potty xe mc is now autocity potty xe mc of fine crest Our good close personal buddy Tamleyman is sold to dealership to lumbar to paraz of autocity view upon a gmc of homestead And you can expect the same great kneel deals and customers satisfaction that you request and two as Hallets long time general sales manager Joe Prator Still in charge he still run in a tight ship believe me it's pretty tight stop by autocity potty xe mc of progress for great neo rangers deals on all makes and models in stock Take advantage is 0% financing for the city to much or save you up to nine grand with rebates and incentives right now and as always Neal deals continue with the new autocity potty xe mc of fine crest and the same great location 13401 south tixi highway That's us when across from the fall shopping center open every day seven days week. If you want more info you know what to do call that neo rangers Neal deal hotline toll free at one triple eight five three four forty two eleven. That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven Keep in mind all offers subject credit to poofless hit a good folks and autocity potty xe mc for details the new autocity potty xe mc of fine crest low prices without the high pressure Expo You High contro And no one ugly is allowed in there, so you'll have one to fun. Checking out those bones. My numbers lie in down, so I can get my pins up. When the game is over, tight. Guess like I could have alone stuck around. Over my bolding mouth. Now you can see a lot more at the game. Since everybody is undressed to the same, you can look around, and see what's hanging down. This is paradise, I have a real life, I've got a good and a wad feel, be glad. If I got he'd have to put all the wheels and throw me in gun. And now it's B.T. Park. Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Look at the front of the blind man. I'm on the phone, I'm on the right line. Check that, I have a real life, I'm on the right line. Well, I'm on the right line. For sure. I ain't an A to the pull-up of all's dead. And at the new team at God Underwearman, where chicks are stared, had the fun tone up above. At their kindle of love, I've never read like, y'all the good and would fail being glad. If I got he'd have to put all the wheels and throw me in gun. And now it's B.T. Park. Oh, right. They call it B.T. Park. Let's take it B.T. Park. B.T. Park. They need to be in a man, maybe, like, got some football. No, okay. I just, I, I, I listen this morning, that's because you left me hanging here. It's not your fault, because George didn't bother telling anybody. He was going to be out sick. But I'm sitting here, because I usually, I'm done with my essays, you know, my shower, my shave, my other one. And about 7.45 in a morning, I sit here and and George is already by that time in the sitting at chair. And it's going to be pitiful put about those start BS and about whatever the events of the day are. He fills me up with school and I'm in the US because I'm so isolated. And this morning, I'm sitting here all the way till 8.30. Okay, suck it up. All alone. No, yeah, Joe. And I have guilty before that. Do you know what's like getting up early in the morning here? It's D.T. Park. You know, I mean, don't get me wrong. Yeah, I'd rather hear guilty any day than here in, you know, who? Absolutely. But nonetheless, he's a little shrill early in the morning. And then, of course, Joe came on, who I loved Joe Rose. He's a good guy and all that other stuff. But the colors with this, I don't understand it. I can't relate to it. I watched virtually the entire Patriots game yesterday against Houston. I watched 95% of the dolphin game last night. So it's not like I don't like sports. I watched the Lee Vancouver hockey game the night before. I watched a little bit of the Panthers and their S.R.A.S. play, although they did win against the girls team Saturday. But nobody was there Friday in that loss to Atlanta. Nobody. But it's not that I'm anti-Sports like George. I'm not like militant to butter. But how much is there to say about it? How many times can you keep repeating the same thing? It's like a throwback to that Jimmy and Danny stuff all over again. And the phoniness. I mean, just on the surface of it. Oh, thank God for Jay Fiddler. Oh, my God. He came in there. And the reason they're saying this because they know that if he wouldn't have come in, and they would have lost that game. That would have been Taneeto right there. And would, oh, he did was postpone the agony. And that's all. Anybody with a brain was that this team sucks. Even you know that. There was magic happening. Ah, he was playing too, huh? Oh, it's a good thing he ain't trying to talk to you anymore. Magic was playing because as sure he was no magic on a field, I'll tell you that. Now you really think if the start in quarterback and I have no idea what L.S. name is for the Red Skim because it's a little girls team. You think if he went to the gutted you in the first half, then had in chance getting back and I'd game? No, no, no, zero. Zip, how did he do that? Good. Huh? I thought back was playing good. Get outta here. He's like a little drool Zayas. That's good. But they were going nowhere. What do they score in the second half? Three points. Three freaking points. Something like that. Who the hell's kiddin' whoom man? But I just don't get it. All the, it just goes on and on it. It's a throwback to the people in charge of crap. Like this like Greg Reed. You talk to Greg and he's got his whole, his finger stuck in that hole in his head. Where a brain might have might've once been, but I doubt it. And that's it. He lives in Breeds and eats this crap. That's why he's surrounding himself with the Gary Sarners of the world and the Todd Drex and all these other idiots. And that's all they know. Sports. Those of you people out there aren't clearance, little clearance. I shouldn't probably say anything because tomorrow is payday. But I mean, good. Godly Miss Molly, if that's all your life is all about is just the minutiae of sports. While a world is crumbling around you and all this other heavy duty stuff is going to. There's something basically wrong, man. There's something missing in your mind and your life. Good. God. And the say the Marlins to me that was like the classic example of what's out for is all about as. Fony is an $84 bill. Nobody gave a flying crap. Nobody gave two schmets much less one about the Marlins. And then all of a sudden comes. That was magical. Comes along this phenomenal thing out of nowhere. And all of a sudden you could've sold 800,000 tickets again. It was the hottest ticket going in the universe. We loved them, Marlins. They just got best and then that's over. Let's see into that. And I guarantee if they had a goddamn tree that they could have found before the game yesterday, they would have won a lynched J. Filer for fear that he might get in the game. And then once they're happy to grind greasy stuff to join out again, I guarantee if they like to lynch his ass right now. You know what I'm saying? Absolutely. You bet. God forbid they should put him back in there again ever again. Because the fans will be pouring out of the stands just riding on a field that they ever should see that happening again. Players will have to run for cover. You know what I'm saying is true. It's true. Fony is can be. WQAM. Jim, man. This is a chip. We already got that one. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Listen, on the survey, I like Lewis Faracone too. And have you ever, I just want to ask you, have you ever listened to any of his speeches or anything? For a con? Yes. Of course. Yeah, he's really a very articulate person, very... So it's hard to say. So it was Hitler. You're right about that. The thing that is, it reminds me of, you know, the, the, the, the, The reason why I watch him is because, you know, keep your, uh, keep your friends close, but your enemies closer. Uh-huh. It, uh, gives you an idea of what other people are thinking. And up by the way, it seems like he's, um, uh, You don't forget never tell anyone outside the family what you're thinking. Keep that in mind. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon line. WQAM, hello. Mami Lake. Mami Lake. Mami Lake, hello. Pretty good. Me, well, I agree with you that the media in this country, uh, feed the people like, uh, Farmers, uh, uh, lead sheep, you know, and the problem with, uh, Michael Jackson starts with the homosexuals. Yeah, right. No question about it. The problem with the media is they feed the sheep just like the, uh, Spanish language media feed the people like you and South Florida asshole, the same old crap feeding whatever they want to hear. Same old, tear crap. That's why they're little Julios devoted 45 times on our pull over to weekend. 21 till 1 at 5 60 WQAM. If you're fat, here's where the answer might be at balance for life. Reason I say is might be because nothing works for everybody, but if you're frustrated because the atkins didn't work for you, you couldn't stay on it because it was boring or maybe any of the other low carbats that are popular today. Maybe you tried weight watchers and it was a boring news. Here's something you really ought to give it a shot balance for life. Especially for people that don't have time to do a lot of shopping, a lot of cooking, a lot of calorie and carb counting just don't have the inclination to do that. All you do is fill out a menu once a week and that's it. That's all I'll work you have to do. They have two choices for each meal and snack every day that's run a balance for life program. And you send the facts over, send over your menu and that's it. You reach outside the door by six o'clock every AM and there's your little black sack weight non you inside you find fantastic delicious goodies, omelets and frittatas and all kinds of great stuff. They got chicken dishes and beef and fish, you name it, they got it. Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks are in your little black sack plenty of food to keep you happy all day long and satisfied. So don't be cheating in between which is why I guarantee you'll start seeing results on the scale within days. How's Katrina doing by the way, what day she's here, Wayne? What is she weighing in? When is she weighing in? I'll just write your to be back tomorrow and skip. I hate to put you on the spot. When she weighing in, I think I'm Friday. Anyway, Katrina lost four days. The first couple of days, four days and three pounds. The first couple of days she was on a program. Here's the phone number to call for balance for life nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or get more info on their website balance for life dot com. Here's that number one more once for the west coast nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine. My life and local here's sports radio five sixty two and two AM. She is white as you see. Yes. That can be made. That can be made. That can be made. That can be made. My foot, that goes. Ever Chris has to be that him every year. And all the other days she just feeds us. And but today she's making turkey with cram there is sauce. That's tough thing I'd happen to the head. You know they chopped it off because on this day on the day on the day on the day on. Family's off is it out and when I'm funny, he sounds more more tasty thing day. Let's give it day. See how much dirt they can offer away. My memories select this bell out. Tell me something else. No more taste. Giving big things. Giving big day. Every once more. Some number bug game. Yeah. I'm not able. Just an eye from a table. Thank you. Giving big things. Giving big. My that I'm turned. I'm at the ocean's right. I'm the chance. All three of them. Now we've feeling sleepy. On the day. Giving big things. Giving big. Now they're done. We'll have to roll him away. I don't want to be a party. Pover by turkey sucks. Boaring it's tasteless. It's bland. Six pound for Katrina by the way. I's gone Katrina. I told you she's doing great. She's lost six pounds of balance for life. That was the info I was looking for. I'm sure she came running in. Yeah. What do you know? What you're busy trying to get some weight off the rain. Trying to work it off of that bitch. Offer her fat ass. Anyway, was I just seen before you interrupted something about the. Turkey sucks. Turkey's great. Get out of here. Turkey. Why do you think you have to have like gravy on it? And the stuffing goes along with it and cranberries. Turkey is boring, man. I don't want to pee on people's Thanksgiving. How about making everybody like a nice rib eye steak? Mmm. Juicy steak with some Peter Luger steak sauce. Now we're talking something with some taste. If you want to have like a great celebratory meal, eat something good, you know? For example, like what's his name? Mohammed. That's probably going to like off. If the judge goes along in February. And for like an earlier gift to the rest of us, Americans decided they're going to kill his ass. And you think when they come in and ask what he wants for his last supper, he's going to say, oh, how about some turkey or maybe how about some churches chicken? He ain't going to say that. He's going to want him a big, big juicy, surlaw and steak with duchess potatoes, right? Medium. Medium? Well. Well. When I have go out to dinner, I eat meals with people who like, like, like fat rich, go to the track. He gets his steak medium rare. Oh. And prime rib. Have you ever been at a meal where somebody orders prime rare, rare? Oh, my God. Here's like a piece of meat swimming in a pool of blood on a plate. I mean, that looks real appetizing to me. I'll take it up. Oh, it's a piece. It could be a successful new diet for me. Just going out and eating with people ordering a rare prime rib. Oh, my God. But that! Ozone layer sacrificed to let bushes re-election prospects rights Jeffrey lean in the independent UK newspaper. Even though I certainly have no idea what's going on in the world because I'm so isolated. President Bush has brought the international treaty aimed at repairing the Earth's vital ozone layer close to breakdown, risking millions of cancers to benefit strawberry and tomato growers in the electoral, electrically critical state of Florida. The independent can reveal. His administration is insisting on a sharp increase in spring of the most dangerous ozone destroying chemical still and used to pesticide methyl bromide, even though it's due to be phased out on the Montreal Protocol little more than a year. And it's threatened that if the United States could with that the United States could withdraw from the treaties provisions altogether if its demand is not met. Talks on the unprecedented demand broke down without agreement at the conference in Nairobi this month. As U.S. delegates refuse to consider any compromise they even reject the European Union proposal that would have allowed farmers to use the same amount of the pesticide as a present, even though this had suffered violate the spur of the protocol. The crisis has come to a head on especially embarrassing moment for Tony Blair who last week played host George Bush on the first day visit by U.S. President for three years the Prime Minister has been quite attending and persuaded him to stop trying to kill the Kyoto Protocol designed to combat global warming. But now, Mr. Bush is trying to amasculate with you and regards as the most successful international environmental agreement ever made. It also comes at a critical time for the ozone layer. Scientists had hoped that it would be beginning the healed by now, but this autumn the ozone hole over Antarctica was at near record levels. Ironically, the Montreal Protocol agreed in 1987 was only brought about through the driving commitment of the Reagan administration in which George Bush senior served as vice president. It was rapidly agreed after the shock of the discovery of the ozone hole, the ozone hole decides to the U.S. and findings that the layer had thinned worldwide. But don't confuse Bush Jr. would add because it ain't good for business and it ain't good for the 2004 election in Florida. Okay? You got it? Good. Here's something to say to good. At least 17 U.S. troops have committed suicide in an Iraq army sea Sanctus. And by the way, that's a lowball number. Rebecca's soul wants answers and not the ones U.S. Army is giving her. Why does the Army keep calling the last letter her husband sent to her? The one he meals from Iraq on June 15th is suicide note. Can taking a bottle of Thailand all really kid you? And how did he get his hands on a bottle of Thailand all the middle of the desert anyway? The questions may differ but experts say the desperate search for answers and the denial are usually the same. Since April, the military says at least 17 Americans, 15 Army soldiers and two Marines, have taken their own lives in Iraq, but the two numbers almost certainly higher. At least two dozen non-combed deaths, some of them possible suicides, are under investigation according to an AP review of Army casualty reports. No one in the military is saying for the record that the suicide rate among forces in Iraq is alarming, but Lieutenant General Ricardo Rick Sanchez. The top American military commander in Iraq was concerned enough according to the Army Surgeon General's Office to have ordered a 12-person mental health assessment team to Iraq to see what more can be done to prevent suicides and help proves better cope with anxiety and depression. And I'm sure that the puttering of those two American kids in Mosul this weekend, that should make him feel a lot better too, shouldn't it? No, really come everybody down. Just pathetic. As Americans are being just, and others being butchered, lives being sacrificed for nothing and the public sits around wondering about what time to God they embalg him is on. I'm telling you man, it's tragic. It's pathetic. We're to hell out of the voices where people screaming from the rooftops, are you people crazy or what? All based on a bunch of lies. I mean, of course the fact that Arnold got 48% of the vote in California for governor. That should tell you what you're dealing with. That's what you're dealing with. The masses. Wasn't it George Rodriguez once said the masses are asked his teddy. I think that's what he said. Call Teddy Botswana. See if George would be said that. I'll ask right now. Do you know what story speaking of silly stuff? Because obviously we don't want to become, you know, if you become just obsessed with his stuff, you're going to go crazy. I'll be for I get to this about the purple house. Did you see that? Purple house. Yeah. You haven't seen it? No. Oh, you're going to pick when you hear about this. But the time magazine you should get there this week's issue. Okay. Because well, no, you wouldn't like it. Oh, yeah, when you might like it because it's got bushes picture on a cover and a one side he's got like lipstick from a big kiss and on the other side he's got a black eye. And the headline is Love Him, Haydum, President. Americans adore Bush or loathen how it became a nation divided and they essence of the article is that the country is more polarized than ever. It says if Reagan was the great communicator Bush is proving to be the great polarizer. He has cleaved the nation in a two to naciously opposed camps even more than his predecessors. He is the man above him Americans feel little ambivalence. People tend to love him or hate him without encomplicating shades of gray. So shot George Bush in a crowded theater and people dive into two trenches. A new time CNN poll shows that Americans are almost equally divided in their support for President Bush with 47% saying they're likely to vote for him and 48% saying they're not. For Bush some of the signals are ominous. The poll shows his job of approval rating now stands at 52% down from his peak of 89% October 2001. And his disapproval has reached new high for his presidency of 43%. But those numbers don't reveal the intensity on both sides. The zeal of those who regard Bush is the very ideal of American presidential leadership. And those who regard him as an embarrassing and dangerous use surper. A dangerous use surper. That's an excellent term. Anyway, time magazine get it this week. The woman to you. Looks like in the black eye in the cover. I'll get it right now. No you want. Okay. It's an English. Go. Anger over purple house may result in color code for a lot of day homes. Not see if you go into Sun Sentinel. This is the best color code. Well, there's bits because some wise guy decided to paint his house, golden purple. And you want to know why? Why? Well, we did the story. Later hill. A bastion of something. You know anybody who lives in Later hill? No. The clock may soon run out on a purple and gold house who's summer paint job is upset neighbors. Attracted the attention of city commissioners and is the main reason. Every homeowner may have to conform to a color palette. City officials heard neighbors cry over the purple and gold hues and promptly said about drafting an ordinance that would restrict the colors residents can paint their homes. Should commissioners approve a new law today. It's the tonight at City Hall 7 o'clock. Homeowners with homes not matching the city's color palette will have three years to be painted three years to be painted. All that are really getting tough on this. Those who can prove a financial hardship will be given five years to change the colors. So in other words, if you're in a hood with this purple and gold house, you got three maybe five years to get rid of that ugly ass house as the doji would say about them ugly ass Bruno Molly shoes right. From away. Well, when you when you take a look at a picture, there's a sunset and a sit or minor somewhere in the local section, you won't believe it. The only officials are still refining the color palette with the half of a consultant, but I'll be know they don't want a combination of purple and gold. Violators of the paint ordinance may be finally a man hasn't been determined. Homeowner Julius Elington, I wonder if he's can Duke. Julius Elington inadvertently created the store when he painted his house in the 8500 block in Northwest 49 street. The colors of his college fraternity Omega sci-fi sci-fi sci-fi. You can see more about it on the sci-fi channel. Elington 40 has declined request for interviews. He also rejected the city's request over the summer that he fired a different combination of shades for his home. As systems city manager, deserate jowl smits it. Neighbors of declined to be quoted that color expert Margaret Walsh was not so shy. I've been in the color business for 20 years. She said I've never known of anyone painting a house athletic world purple. She's director of the New York based color. Oh, oh, oh, oh, this is the best. This ties right in with our poll today, you know. She is the director of the New York based color association of the United States with forecast color trends in fashion and interior design. She says doing a house in purple is outrageous. Oh, man, so many organizations and so little freaking time. The New York based color association of the United States. This is a bunch of who it is. In the meantime, members of Elington's fraternity of rally to his defense. Nobody should be able to tell you what color to paint your house. It would be Council 50. Remember the graduate chapter of Omega sci-fi and Charlotte North Carolina. Of course, he's in North Carolina. He don't have to sit and look at that ugly as house everyday. He says government should not be allowed to dictate what color person can paint their house. My fraternity brother expresses his love for our fraternity loudly and it's great. Say it loud. Say it proud. Whatever your fraternity colors. Or like, I went to Michigan State Green and White. What's wrong with that? They suck, but who cares? How about an orange and green house? That sounds excellent. A hurricane house, right? There you go. Dolphin house, Aquin, whatever the hell other pues or whatever that stuff they were wearing last night. Boy. Now, what was the reason they were wearing those last night? Is there any special reason? Mark, do. In other words, that's like the third uniform. That's the third one. I can be in a chill. Right. They were ugly. Prop 56 at 560 WQM. Hey, listen. If your mattresses got you feeling kind of ugly because you're not going to do that. Sleep no mole. It's time to toss it out. In fact, you don't have to do anything with it. Because our friends and bottom actress will take away the crappy old smelly vetting. Set up your brand new one for free. Give you same data delivery, unbeatable everyday prices, fantastic service, the likes of which you never heard of in your life. So why would anybody with a brain underline that with a brain by mattress any place else? At bottom actress, no phony promises, no bait and switch. Just a great selection on beatable prices on the best units in the world. They got a unit that you wouldn't believe, including now even, Stearns and Foster. And you still get to pick the day and time for everyone. It's convenient for you any day, seven days a week. Just call 1-800 mattress. You want them there eight to more until 10 at night. You can choose. Noon to two, 1-3, 2-4, 3-5. You got it? So here's the deal. Just make one easy call instead of stopping around your vetting and apartment stores. You know that you can't be depressed. And you certainly can't be this kind of service anywhere. Call 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATT-R-E-S. So be sleeping like a baby with a baseball and your pussy. As soon as the day they'd call them, or check them out online for more information at mattress.com. My life and look all this is for trail by 60. Way to play, yeah. I'm Judge Roy Moore. In my next best thing to watch an Ann Colter's fake mad drug is the nail Rogers, parent, balance one to two hours. Good work, Roy Moore. Second first, just as the first. I am Charlie the Gay I am Charlie the Gay I am I am. I think men are really keen. That's why someday maybe I'll be Queen my boy, Prince name is Camilla. Miller, I love her because she looked just like a man. Like a man, I'm a Gay, old Prince I'm Charlie. You're Charlie the Gay I am. You, you, you, you, you, you and Charlie Charlie Charlie Charlie. Charlie the Gay I am I am. Charlie the Gay I am. All right. What are you doing? Five, 60. I'm looking at that house right now. Did you get a peek at you? No, I didn't know paper. Well, then, Colon line, SunCentral.com. Okay, in fact, my other won't be. We're going to say I'm sure there's a link to it on it, but not that I've been going to wait. George's got all this porno sites on there loaded up. It's a drug dealers. Just go on SunCentral.com. That's with a dash on dashcentral.com. Can you handle that? I know what it is. Yeah, but you do. And it's right on the main page there. I mean, it's like heavy duty. You think this is a big story. And quite frankly, it is because I'm, I have envelope feelings about this. Now, if he just paints the garage goal like the rest of the house, I don't think it's too bad. But quite frankly, stop and think about this. Where did that ever start? And I know people will say, well, gee, if your house is in that neighborhood, it's going to decrease your property by do. Please go on. Go to one live in a house in a neighborhood with houses like that. But you know something who cares. As long as your property is, as well, and he's got nice, there's a bush. And another tree or a bush on the right side. And it looks like everything is neat and clean. Right? As long as you maintain your property and neat, you don't have like a pig's die there. And a bunch of diaper wrappers on on the curb. It looks very neat to me, at least that picture. You got it? Got it from page. When you stop, when you stop playing bozo, when you stop playing so dumb, ago, let me go back again. Let me back up. Oh, God, this is brutal. Suncental.com. Why won't this thing back up? There it is. It absolutely is. First there's the picture. It says breaking news. What page are you on? My hand is moving. I'm going to hit the right under. Neath it. It says anger over purple house may result. You got it? Yes. Click on that. You go to the story and then on the right, it shows you the picture of the house with a car in front of that white car. And then you click on for a large screen. Not bad. No. That's not, I mean, when you first read it, and I had seen it before, but I forgot about it. It was early this morning when I was reading this crap. But that's not, I've seen houses looking worse than that. It's neat. Much better than all green. Why are people so, for example, you, I'm sure any city of any size. You go through different neighborhoods and every house looks the same. Right. That's the floor to wait. And in fact, no, that's just a floor like a buffalo in Binghamton, almost anywhere you go. There are these neighborhoods where every house goes to build by the same builder. So generally speaking, I mean, it's like a light pink or like brown, like real light brown, like, and you know what I'm talking about, like pastel colors, very light, very, very, why? Whoever died and said, okay, this is what I'm in my legacy. Every house has to look like this. The lady in New York, that bitch, you're probably right. This house is perfect. From New York, what was it? The New York-based color association in the United States. Maybe I went, and I think it's a racial thing myself. Maybe just a garage door. I think it's a racial thing. It said it's a colored base organization. What's wrong with that? So it's supposed to be wanted to make it pink with purple polka dots, isn't that his business doesn't the only that property? See, this is what bothers me about this world folks. What about these old tables? You can't do that in a cork table. You can't do anything cork tables except call and make crank calls to this show. That's all you can do in the cables. That's the only thing you're allowed to do. 560, 560, 560, pound 560, onion. It just pisses me off. Why don't we have more important things to worry about than whatever, if he wants, if he feels good about it, it's his house. None of your goddamn business. If you don't like it, don't look at it. Horrible story, by the way, in town, 48-year-old man was killed after two people in the car, apparently dragged him into his death and co-can a grove, but there's a little more of this story than meets the eye, I think. According to the Miami Police Department, Paul Saunders was standing on the sidewalk at 3841. They added to an alight blue Saturn approached him. Police said Saunders got into an argument with the man and woman in the car, and the car sped away dragging Saunders behind. Police said the car dragged him for nearly three blocks. First north on day avid, and then left on Brookers Street, past Percival Street, when a car drove close to a metal pole. Police say Saunders hit the metal pole, it was not free of the car. Then police say the car sped away from the scene. Saunders is the uncle of Anthony Lee, who was arrested on November 13 for the murder of a prominent coconut and grove resident Joe, uh, Jose Calvo. In that incident, Lee is suspected of trying to rob Calvo, who was in the car with his wife Denise and their two-year-old son, Denise Calvo shot back at Lee in Woundedham. Saunders is the uncle of Anthony Lee, following this? Correct. Later, police learned that Denise Calvo knew Lee's mother, Runee Runee, and that the Calvo's were having a tough time financially despite their popular lifestyle. And it goes on, and it says, please don't know if there's any connection between this incident and the Calvo murder at this time. But they're sure as hell, they're taking a peek into it. It's well-fledged. I'll speak into that. What a good segue. Burger King adopts breastfeeding policy. I think if Brittany wanted to go there and breastfeed her newborn, which a lot of guys would like to be the father, I think there'd be no problem. That they'd be lined up from here all the way to Aliquipe. Salt Lake City. Burger King adopts an a corporate policy Friday, allowing women to breastfeed their babies and restaurants. A baby for a threatened nurse in a defastful, Jane facilities. Oh, man. They were going to have a nurse in. Can you imagine that? Can you even begin to imagine if they announced it ahead of time? Come on, baby. Come play with these titties. The new policy says Burger King welcomes mothers who wish to breastfeed their children. We want to be a family friendly place at Rob Dody, Dody, Vice President and Strategic Communications. Vice President forced strategic communications from any base Burger King. We want to be responsive to our customers. Did know this was a big issue. Unfortunately, in Utah, went directly to the press. We'd have a chance to look at it and cover our ass. He said, funny states, including Utah, allow breastfeeding in public. Do you think more people would be living in Utah's resolve, wouldn't you? But they're not. Just a bunch of more out Mormons. A few are erupted in a river eighth when a customer at a suburban saw like city franchise, complain about a woman breastfeeding her baby and employ them allegedly asked the nursing mother, Katherine Geary, do we either go to the bathroom to breastfeed or leave or get out? Get out here, bitch. The new policy employees are told, if a customer complains about a mother who's breastfeeding, kindly explained that the breastfeeding is permitted in the restaurant, and suggested that customer that he or she relocated to another sex of the restaurant. That's all we asked them for. Geary said Friday, at least employees be aware how to handle a situation more discreetly. Plans for a nurse in at Burger King's uncertainty have been circulated in unsigned email sent to members of the La La Chael League in international group promoting breastfeeding. Doty said Burger King's new policy had been in the worse and certainly wasn't time to refuse the threatened protest. Anybody believe that? No. We don't believe you Mr. Doty, but the nice try. How's that gets to this nursing? How's that pull coming? Which of these well-known blacks are the biggest impediment to race relations we asked? We got 521 votes. Lewis Perikon's got 204% over 40% of them. Jesse Jackson 124, Al Sharpton 91, OJ Simpson 41, P. John Sanders 33, Michael Jackson 12 and John's cockring got 10. WQAM hello. Happy Monday, too. Happy Turkey. Yeah, double go. Anyway, last week the redneck outbreak of the book and you said, I'm not reading that book anymore, but here's a comment on that. I didn't say I wasn't reading the book anymore. I said I wasn't reading it on the ear because that chapter on what's his name? It was so pathetic. It was awful. I just got sucked in that by some collar. It was made. It was made. It was made. It was made. Wow, geez. Well, don't do that again. Get out of here. Let's see. What we have now, unfortunately, because these shows go through these evolutionary periods, we've got people that have their own agenda. Now this guy, he called me already last week and they got me out of that. It was a very bad idea. And what you want to do is turn this into the Neil reads books on the ear show, which isn't going to happen. Because one thing I do have, especially with George Staniard or my shoulder, and Teddy and Botswana back there with an AK-47, I have to cover my backside, so to speak. You know what I mean? That's going to be right. I mean, so this guy's calling again. And he went, go on and buy the book. Okay, it's on our recommended list on our website. That's the most I can do. I read two great chapters. The one on Bill O'Rawian, the one on the pitch and quarter. And that was enough. That was enough. And he sucked me in reading one of the most boring things ever we're got involved in this. Got a lot of and even if you take off the diagram in the charts and the numbers and even then it wasn't a good chapter. It didn't say much of any. I mean, the book is good. And I'll finish reading the book, but it's not in the same league with Dude, where's my country or stupid white man by Michael Moore? I mean, Al Franken's funny. But then again, Michael Moore is funny, but I think he says I have a lot more and more meaningful stuff without, you know. I could be wrong about that, but I don't think so. You see what I mean? And then we also had the guy that sounds like Carl the Black guy called before which is a good guy and he made some good points. But now we're developing a new set of chronic colors on his show. Who want to basically call back and say the same thing over and over and over again. We don't do that on this show. We don't play that game. It's it's awful. And he oughting to sit not there listening and right away the other day. Oh, oh, oh, oh, there is, you know, so and so fill in the blank. You know what I mean? There is one for Miami. Yeah, there is that. King idiot. And of course, people who don't know how to do a talk show like somebody I know. Absolutely. They put the same people on day after day and the audience is just going into a comb of their just diving for the dial because they don't want to hear those people. Those people were so interesting and so good. They had their own guy named show. You know what I mean? Absolutely. Sure. God. Is this out of nowhere now? We've got a new group of chronic professional which understands the holiday season. Did we have a lady called today? No. See, and I'm not doing that anymore. Because after doing that demographic survey of the weekend in spite of these protests stations. Oh, you've got so many women listening. No, we don't. Less than 10 percent. I'd say 9 percent would be a generous. I think about 9 percent. That's not very good. Is it? Not for you know. Lame. Week. I mean, I don't even have gigantic numbers. But we had about a two-sharing women, two-five, whatever. I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I I, I, I, I, I, I. I, I, I, in this very beautiful day of this little country that is there, and I who, I, I do just want thoseorr you? on here. Oh, see, Neil, if you were here, you'd be watching a merchant. Yeah, I touch. No, I was not. In fact, the week I was there. I watched for a chance. Oh, I don't watch channel 7 period. There's nothing on channel 7 that I want to see. It's not a network of affiliate number one. When they do put network crap on, they put either CNN, which I can get it on CNN or they book Fox. Am I going to watch Fox? No, no. Even on passions, I don't want to watch Fox. He gets on my nerves. 113 at 560 WQA and hey, what it comes to have your carpets clean. You ought to be calling my good friends at dry concepts. And now, now with a holidays just about here, it's not too late to call it. Have your carpets looking just like brand new when it was pinned in the S, uh, company, uh, come in. You're well, those amount of town. Where would have they have come in? Your house is going to look like he had brand new carpeting laid down by the time dry concepts get done. Suck in that deep down dirt out of your carpeting with a scoops of patented dry cleaning method. Your carpets will be sparkling clean, vibrant and colored. They'll spray us off to the touchdowns for a lemony fresh. They're drying a couple hours after they finished the job. You'll think a miracle was just performed on your floor and you know, something it really was. If I'm doing it right my house for over 20 years, there's an among carpet cleaning company in the universe. So just in time for the holidays, call dry concepts and when you do make the call, ask how you can say 15% on your next carpet cleaning too. They give you a guaranteed price upfront before they start doing a job. And also they do a spectacular job on your oriental rugs, your draper, your poultry, all these things. Here's the toll free number to call 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071. Just in time for the holidays, it's a great idea. Call our good friends at dry concepts or check them out at a wicked worldwide web at dry concepts.com. Then get your gifts at Chickery Farm's Tri-R-New Collester Allog or the delicious mystery meat that doubles as a sexual device. Or if you're looking for a bargain, try our fruit cake from last year. Dirty every bit is good as it ever was. And no one can resist the Chickery Farm Hunko cheese in the shape of Monica Lewinsky. Chickery farms. The place to shop for people you don't really care about. Isn't it an mistake if it's in a shape of Monica Lewinsky shouldn't be called a hunko. Yeah. Chinat. Hunko something. One 19 at five, 60, WDK. My still say Turkey sucks any food that you have to put something else on to make it taste good is not good. It's like the Naly's screen. We're going to put something on most food. No listen to me, vanilla ice cream people use it like in a hot pot Sunday or banana spot and they they they lead all kinds of other stuff on it by itself. Anybody that would even the ice cream plane needs to be institutionalized immediately or something wrong with it. Anything is better by itself. If you go out and get rocky road or fish food or something like that, you would have to like lead a bunch of crap on it. Although Nestle's turtle with some hot pudge in Mirachino cherry's on top. Hmm, does that and maybe some whipped cream, you know, some cool whip with a small diet drink. Yeah. Dieter. Oh, that's the way to go, baby. Turkey is not tasty when it's bland. That's why you have to lead a little gravy and put it in the middle like a whole bunch of other stuff. It's just got no taste delicious but no taste. If it's good for you. No it is not good for a turkey makes you tired. If it was so good for you, why would it make you tired? Well, well, except for that one chemical of the guy. Yeah. Right. It makes you tired. 545 votes on a poll today, which of these well-known blacks is the biggest impediment to race relations. Lewis, Farakhan, 2021. You know who we could have put on there, but it's ancient history was JJ Walker. What tells his name? JJ. JJ. That's good enough. But we didn't do it. Now, don't put him on it's a good time's bad time. Farakhan, 2021, L. Sharp, 1996, O.J. Simpson, 42, D. Onc. 33. What is his name, JJ Walker? Michael Jackson, 13, and Johnnie Cockring, 11. Boy, you're so easy. Man, see when George is on, see when you're feeling like today, I just keep talking. So when you say something, I don't pay any attention. Because I know it's going to have no significance whatsoever. But, true. When George is on, I like humor, man. I pretend to be listening to what he's saying. So I like my at least pause a little bit to give him a chance. I'll bomb positive. It's not going to be too worthwhile. You're like this, though. Man gets spam rage over penis ad. You call that a penis? San Francisco, of course, where they have their penis obsessive in San Francisco. Call it spam rage, the Silicon Valley computer program has been arrested for threatening the torture and killing employees of the company he blames for bomb barricades computer with web ads, promising new largest penis. Now anybody out there who does email has got an email account. You know exactly what this guy's talking about because I would say nine out of every ten junkage you get on our junk mail is penis enlargement. Yes, right? Correct. And that's why read them all. Well, see when I read them, well, they must, they must know their customer, but I come to fight out everybody gets those. Even if you're all through our hung. In one of the first prosecutions of its kind in the state that made road rage fame, it's Charles Brooker 44 was arrested last Thursday, released on 75,000, no, look at this, they're doing it in pounds. This is in a bread paper. $45,000 bond for making repeated threats to the staff of an unnamed Canadian company between me and July, the US attorney's office for Northern California said Friday, Northern California. Brooker threatened to send a package full of ant. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. He threatened to send a package full of anthrax forced to the company to disable an employee with a bullet and torture him with a powered, well, an ice pick and a hunt down and castrate the employees unless they removed him from their email list. Well, that should be one good way to do it. In a telephone interview with Reuters, Brooker acknowledged that he had behaved badly, but said his computer had been rendered almost unusable for about two months by barrage of pop-up ads and email. Here's what happened. I go to their website and start complaining to them. Would you please, please, please stop bothering me, said, it just sort of escalated and I sort of lost my cool at that point. Who could blame him? In fact, maybe he's got a big penis, so he went to the website, bad move. Yeah, oh terrible move. Booker of Sunnyvale, California now faces up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine with a preliminary hearing schedule for next month. He said he didn't own any guns or have ants access to anthrax. Booker said the problem still, well, there's one way to cross off list of suspects. Booker said the problem stem from a program he mistakenly downloaded from the internet that he that brought a continuous stream of advertising was computer. Brooker identified the object of his raises, rages, albian medical, which claims to produce the only reliable, medically approved penis enhancement. You know, well, all the ads on there you think of Merck, everybody in America should be hung like John Holmes by now, wouldn't you? You would think, but you think they have to be having to tie to their leg with all these ads on there. The company's website doesn't provide any telephone members for contact, of course. In other cases, internet vigilantes have aborted spammers with both unsolicited email and regular mail and phone calls, lost the tax on spammers, computers, and posted spammers personal information on the internet. I'm on tired of that crap. And of course the the accountress is working on them. I'm about that whole thing. I think they signed it didn't they? Friday? I have no idea. The anti spam law, I think you're not allowed to eat spam on the certain holiday. That's another thing. Why do people eat spam? Have you ever eaten spam? Yeah. And you like it? No. I can't admit it doesn't get out like it. Oh my god. It's like, put in a big chunk of lard in your post. You've been hungry and all you have a spam? No. I've never bought spam in my life. It's a good backup. It's a good backup. Yeah, let me get back. I'll make him back up. Jesus, God Almighty. So thank many of you recommend that to ma for who are be in problems. JJ Walker was his real name. James Evans Jr. was his TV name. I know, Jay. That's why I said it. I was my fescious. What is JJ Walker's name? I was being fescious. We're going to hook you up with Teddy Botswana from Miami from Kendall. Good guy. I have a tight breath here. Yeah. We're going to catch. We're going to send George down there with Fairwich and beat you up at a baseball bat. I like that Teddy. You silly person. Teddy from Botswana. Let's take a call or two. See, I like to show like this today. We don't have to put a lot of pressure on Josh who's sitting in there changing his underwear because he's crap at his pants. He doesn't know what they're these doing. You see the sweat pouring out of the floor. I want to smell it. And secondly, we interspersed a few calls here. And that's good. We had a couple of nuts. We had a few good calls. We got a couple of chronic sounds that we're developing. I want to nip that in the bud, including the guy with the Al Franken book. I'm sure you're a fine guy. Your intentions were good. But you killed my show last whatever day that was. Oh, man. Not out of here. What? And knock you off the air. And knock me right off the air. The transmitter shutter is set self-destructed. They'll sleep just like in fishing impossible. It's your shut itself off because it went into a coma from that awful chapter on Sean Hannity. I should have known anything about Sean Hannity would be boring to begin with. God, other pompous as. I wonder if anybody ever saw him and at the goofball with the glasses on MSNBC? What tells his name? The one that's on at night that I'm always ripping. It's got the glasses that used to be a sports nerd on the SPN? No, not the electric. Is that electric? We're glasses? No. No, he does not. The electric? But that guy, yeah. Keith Olderman. Oh, God. Pompos, pompos, self-indulgent ass who talks down to the audience and is so intellectual with that deep voice. What about piece of garbage? Now, we're doing this because I know it says live on a log which is not. But are we doing this recorded George or not? Well, that's it. It's in the audio about the fan of anything. Well, we'll leave it up to Josh. We'll leave it in Josh's fine hands. Okay, Mr. Dennis Miller. Here I am going to be giving you this magic wand. Hang on a second here. You give him a wand? Dr. Freud picked up the white courtesy phone. Hey, nice South Michigan. There's Ziggy. Yeah, you look like Carson Cresley after he rated evil Kenevill's wardrobe. Hey, listen, Leopherachi. All right. This is going to work. Okay. In my mind, there hasn't been a decent two-sum of thank you since Louis Prima and Kaley Smith. Okay. I mean, I don't want to go off on a ride here. Oh, yeah. Thank you, Mr. Miller. We'll let you know. Okay. Well, I'll leave you with the words of our comedies. All right. Look it up. Never head on 16. Okay. Next. I don't want to get to petty but swan and done in Kindle. I'll have somebody you know this how much fans do the show I'm by today without George. It was pretty fast man. It's 130 already. I can't believe it. It went by like lightning and we're having a pretty good time. I had a few calls and I love picking on George when he's not sick and I don't know why. There's just something about him. I don't I don't I don't I don't really know what it is. You love picking on him. I do. He's just he's one of those people is like a picky. You know I'm not a bully. I don't like pick on you. I don't pick on Josh because he's one been there two days. But I don't think I'm George because he's just one of those people who was bored to be picked on. Like Rick Riley for example. You know, I would never pick on Sods because you know, but Rick Riley's one of those people who really enjoy picking on and the same with George. He's just an easy target and deservedly so. Anyway, Miss Fudge is all breakfast here. They met Fudge report. She's a foaming at the mouth. On the eve of a Tom Broke I'm out of wait at Democratic presidential debate last night. Senior John Kerry advises recklessly strategized over refreshments at the hotel fort de moin. Believe him, they were out of your shot to anyone who would care. But as the caucus near is even stripped Iowa cornstarchs have ears. On Lieberman's upset because they're like excluding him from the Iowa debate because he did lead that way to round and what he should understand is Iowa no Jews allowed. Anyway, the campaign that vises spoke frankly at the hotels bar last night about the state of the White House race and their frustrations of living in the shadow of Howard Dean. All right, all of Dean's money is coming from Republicans. Whenever Kerry's kitchen cabinet told a group, another advisor asked if that had been researched. No one had an answer. The staff said Kerry should and will use a motorcycle for campaigning more often. Be good for that house angels, boy, you know what? The advisors discussed how Kerry should stop trying to defend his Iraq vote and develop how Kerry's the real anti war protest or not Dean. The staffers talked about doing an ad where they were contrast Kerry's anti war activism with Dean as a draftaging ski bomb. The ad would feature fault clips of Kerry speaking an anti war rallies and testifying our capital hill against Dean's statements now. It could have served in the military but decided not to. The Kerry staffers talked about the possibility of doing a documentary on the campaign, like the one Spike Jones did with Gore, one frustrated operative said would help with Kerry's aloof image problem. The advisors carelessly talked about how thick Kerry's accent used to be, Kerry did the thick accent when cameras were around a sound like JFK, left one senior staffer. And then the mispudge puts on here in the spirit of the holiday season, the flood report will not reveal the names of those in attendance. Nice gone mispudge. What are we kind of turkey he's eating for Thanksgiving? I want to speak in of a booze. He also has this on their breathlessly from the New York Post Democratic presidential wannabes general Wesley Clark city yesterday the Americans admire President Bush because of the way he overcame alcoholism and salvaged his marriage by sobering up. The blood comments came from Clark on a seldomary subject as he tried to explain his dismay with Bush's reelection strategy, which critics say exploits lingering 9-11 fears. Oh yeah, that nice first day there by the Republicans of course and the Democrats are screaming foul. They want that ad removed about the, and it's the same old crap. Democrats are on patriotic. Anybody doesn't support the Bush, most of these fancies on patriotic, similar crap. Clark says I'm not running to bash George Bush a lot of Americans really love him. They love what he represents and manage overcome adversity in his life from alcoholism and pull his marriage back together and move forward. Although Bush is always refused to discuss his years of excessive drinking, he occasionally refers to what is a dark chapter in his life. He sights first lady Laura Bush along with religion and the birth of his twin daughters of course never drank as factors that led him to swear out booze. But Bush's drinking is an almost never mentioned issue by his opponents and vice president Al Gore refused to make an issue during the 2000 election unfortunately. Clark speaking on CBS's face the nation accused Bush of exploiting 9-11 with new political ads paid for by the Republican, Republican National Committee that highlight the president's anti-terror efforts. The way there was against this, you mean the patriotic or your scumbag? That's what Miguel will tell you. See, I got a great article there. I want to read by William Irvers Pitz. Hit George W. Bush loves Michael Jackson. We'll get to that. Don't forget speaking of Miguel you go out and see him because he actually does speak. Sometimes he'll be in a Qm van today 5-7 at the public said 401 he's sure in the street in Danyabeech he invites you to come by and breastfeed your baby. He can spend a wheel for prizes and pick up your best in the immersion thus which our grand total is somewhere. Probably around 42 grand when you say I will there. Look at the 50 560 50 560 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line the mad dog. Come out of the two. We just went nuts when Ricky jumped over everybody. You know the end zone for the win touchdown late in that game last night. And that of course it was kind of anti-climactic when a redskins fumble the kickoff. You know when that kind of disappointing was fun to see that. I have heard off and I mean even if you know you want to see like a nice defensive stand you don't drama right there on the clock right out because the spree or failed to call time out some bonehead movie you know that would have been more fun. He tried and I'm not talking on that play. WQAM hello. Hi. Yes man. A lady. Holy moly. Oh. That's why I'm calling. Well we don't have any ladies. Oh. How you doing? I'm doing good. How are you? I'm great. The reason why the ladies are not calling is that we're running around preparing for Thanksgiving. There's always some excuse. No see I did a pull on our website over the weekend and they didn't have to call to do that or not be running around. There was just like 8% 8% 9% of the audiences of female. We're out here but you know somebody's got to run the house and you know. Right. We're listening to you. Okay thanks we don't have a great holiday. All right you too. Now you would agree with me by the way before you go to Turkey is very bland. Yeah well I just picked up a honey baby ham so. Oh we're now we're talking. Oh lady with great test. Thanks a lot. All right. Bye. What a great test. Oh okay. She has great taste. There are a lot of things that you want to say now because you're a pervert and I would just remind you that the guy that used to do 8 to 10. We like a lot but they ain't there no more. You follow what I'm saying? Huh? Absolutely. Yeah. So just leave all your potty mouth comments. Leave those to George. Okay. If I tell you about Swan is probably going to write some more liners for George. For when George. And by the way Teddy and Kendall George would be on all four hours all by himself on Friday. This Friday day after Turkey day. You can just kind of collapse in the corner. Turn up your little transistor sister we allow and enjoy the sounds of George. Okay. We'll also be farting up a storm. If he's recovered by that. I'm sure she got a honey bait ham. A lot of people eat ham on Thanksgiving and Christmas as opposed to Turkey right? Right. In fact even Jews who aren't orthodox weren't in all that kosher crap. If they were smart they go out and get him a nice honey glazed ham. Hey, what's wrong with that? Screw hell taste better. Grab my junior honey. Exactly. Blaze it. When you're nervous, put I guess maybe you're to the break. Now this isn't that long. It's not long. George W. Bush not but I like I said I better do the break. We're sports video 5.6. My amy town. Have five six oh. No. Hey, Dick I'm home. What's the dinner? Oh hi Homer. We're having chicken. Whoa. Or is it tuna? No. I don't get it. I'm a cansent chicken. Whoa. Can it taste like tuna? No. The Jessica Simpsons. It's TV's first animated reality show with two dimensional Homer and one dimensional Jessica. Perfect. Get it. Thank you sorry. Some popular wings. Ew Homer. I don't eat buffalo. You don't be silly, Jessica. Everybody knows popular wings that may come. Chicken. Chicken of the sea. Oh, the Jessica Simpsons. Because people this down could only be in cartoons. Right. Right. 143 at 5.60. Senate advances major medical build bad news and I'd pull like I'd ramrod a through and I'm right. The Senate today voted down the possibility of a filibuster that could have blocked passage of a contentious build to overhaul the nation's Medicare system and screw all the senior citizens. 60 votes were needed to win debate on the issue in avoid a filibuster threatened by some Democrats at least 65 senators voted in favor of ending debate. A separate vote on whether to pass the bill's expected before the Senate and like I said, when a dot L. Jamad out they'll always shove it through. Because the pharmaceutical companies have big business. They run the world now and always will. L. R. B. ordered a shutdown in Baghdad. Have you ever watched that? No. The Iraqi government consulered the air-blanguage TV network L. R. B. had a shutdown and separation in Baghdad today, sending the Iraq Interior Minister to the network's headquarters to seize their up-lake and transmission equipment until further notice. This is a response to the broadcast in the full Sodom Hussein Audio tape release in member 16. The brain was the public and I said, now you can do that again. And there was more violence today with him improvised explosive devices, small arms attack on a convoy in the northern city of Mosul at wounded one American soldier. You notice how when soldiers are wounded we just get wounded. In other words it could be like, you know, scratch. A scratch could be like an amputated leg could be like a within an inch of his life stuff like that. But that's the last we ever heard about it. Dixie Tick Singer sounds off on a war again. Oh, that's here. And you go Natalie. Dixie Tick Singer, Natalie, Maine whose criticism of President Bush, L. I spring led the broadcast of the group's music still has a lot to say about the war in Iraq. I think people were misled. I think people are fighting more. They didn't know they were going to be fighting, Maine said Friday and BC today show. And I think they were misled by people who should have been asking questions and weren't. The country star has faced criticism and even death threats after Maine said she and her bandmates were ashamed that President Bush was from Texas. She made their mark in love and shortly before the war began. The Maine's apologized for some of the phrasing of remarks somewhere to you stations band the group's music. The group also received death threats at a wake of Maine's comment. And that great member when we used to have free speech. Are you stupid the operative word? Well time ago. Once upon a time, you used to be able to say what they're you want to. If they didn't like it too bad, just like freedom in a painter house, purple and gold. I don't I think would be more attractive, more interesting. More bizarre, I grant you. Like everybody and Monday, how about if there was a community? I think there's a good idea for some developer. Both of them are very good community of all kinds of like striped houses and probably you know what I mean? It's our deck of the way. Right, people with a little personality. And even then there would have to be standards. It could be like sloppy, you know, it could be just like a bunch of crap. Put something artsy and colorful and more like that. Are not not Michael Jackson again. Backerman says Jackson's team is getting their ducks lined up for a counter attack to step back. Their ducks involved in the sun and realized that. Better sure it's company. Oh yeah. Afflack? Well, something sounds like that anyway. So the kid is the one that was on that tape, which I think we all knew that all along. We're pretty much assumed that. Oh, speaking of Michael Jackson, William Rivers Pit, who I love his stuff. We always put it on the website. He's managing it a roof. Out.org, a New York Times and International Best Selling Author 3 books. War on a rank for it's got what's got the thing. Anyway, he writes a number of explosions towards the British consulate in Turkey today. This is written on Friday. Killing scores of people, George W. Bush is in England surrounded all sides by and rage British citizens whose massive protests have required nearly every police officer in London to be put on the line of the defense. This is happening in a nation that's been both in government and among the populists, one of these strongest allies America's ever known. There are a couple of wars happening in Iraq and Afghanistan, neither which are going very well. A great many soldiers and civilians have died in the last year, or some have been loudness still on the loose and after nearly 750 days, the American people still have been given no explanation for why 9.11 happened. It is 316 pm on Thursday afternoon as I write this, CNN has been covering with total exclusivity a parking lot outside of police station for the last hour. They covered in the airplane landing. They covered the same airplane still sitting on the tarmac. They covered the airplane slowly moving into a hanger. All the while, talking head after talking at explored every conceivable facet of the parking lot to plane, the tarmac, the hanger, as well as a variety of parallel issues, no stone of data was left unturned. Why? Michael Jackson Police. In the last two years, CNN has not devoted this much energy in coverage to any story in the manner that it's unfolding right now. Enron the stock market, the reasons for September 11, the nomination of Henry Kissner to chair the investigation in that event. The disinformation that was pushed by the Bush administration before the attack on Iraq, the civilian casualties during the attack on Iraq. The American troop casualties during and after the attack on Iraq, the missing weapons and mass destruction, the missing Osala bin Laden. The war in Afghanistan that is far from over, the outing of a CIA agent by the Bush administration, an act of political revenge and how and about 200 other explosives to reach and not get the attention that Michael Jackson's getting now. One talking head just said, I'm waiting for a white brokow to pull up. The other talking heads laughed and kept on going. A detailed discussion progressed about the tail numbers on Michael Jackson's plane, along with questions about how this will affect Jackson's fans, were approaching the two hour mark in the coverage. For a while, we had the Peterson's to obsess the mainstream television media, then we had Kobe Bryant and for a bit both ran stories, both stories ran concurrently with breaking news and outspin throughout daily coverage. Neither managed to seize national attention and so periodically, CNN and the other networks were forced to mention that the fighting in Iraq is getting a lot of Americans killed. The promised weapons of mass destruction have not been found, and no one but Dick Taney can say that Iraq was involved in 9-11 without looking like a total blithering idiot. And then like a surgically enhanced cavalry charge, Michael Jackson blasted the forefront to rescue the mainstream media from perhaps being required to cover matters of substance. The ability for these talking heads to natter on for weeks and weeks about Jackson, previous charges against him as musical history, his personal out of these has baby dangling antics, and oh my goodness what do we do tell the children? It's pretty much bottomless, but we will spend the next several weeks again racing with that bottom as quickly as TV signals can travel through a coaxial cable. A black brokow just left the airplane hanger in his driving slowly, slowly to the police station, CNN is on it, CNN is all over it. One of the shots on my TV and our go show to gaggle reporters and cameras gathered outside the police station waiting for Jackson to arrive. The talking had working the microphone at that moment mistakenly called these people journalists. This is not journalism and those people are not journalists. This is entertainment television passed off as news of import. This is more poison-ported to our national discussion. This is the grand bull and lose gold metal-winning distraction of all time. George W. Bush had sent Michael Jackson flowers and a thank you note and sent more flowers to CNN. The Republican party affected and historic takeover of Congress in 1994 during a time on the only television coverage one could find focused on O.J. Simpson. The timing was exquisite. We're right back today to that marvelous chapter in American journalism history. TV news viewers who think they're getting the hard truth from the mainstream media just forgot push exists. Forgot the hundreds of thousands of protesters who dug his state visit to Britain, forgot the attacks in America, forgot that it's so just forgotten 9-11, forgot everything except a mutant in a bronco who lives in a place called Neverland. They just showed Jackson in handcuffs that talking had almost fainted. Godless America. What a great column by William's River Pit. And what does Miguel's not laughing? One fifty. How about your part? Michael is off. One fifty one. You're sure was a five-sixty W. Gilbert L. Four. At five-sixty W. And the mad dog had not been true. Hey, what do you have in this Thanksgiving? Why not let the number one Asian buffet restaurant and will close to the cooking for you? They'll be featuring a traditional Thanksgiving feast with all the trumpings. They have locations in sunrise, North Miami Beach, and their newest location in Pemper 5, start your mouth watering experience with six different soups. Sampled dozens of succulent entrees near a strip made toward with a gourmet centricisling Asian grill, featuring grilled shrimp, scampy style, and the new seafoods aged jock. There's lots more tried their or try their Jonas Stonecrabbers lost to thermators on a weekend. Handcarved Primeware plus their new Oriental Chicken salad, and the Emerald Coast always promotes healthy living toking all of its fine cuisine with cholesterol for your else to never any MSD or cornstarch, no crab. The buffet features a full salad bar, sushi bar, fresh shrimp cocktail, and because it is a dessert, Emerald Coast features a full dessert station featuring Belgian waffles, pies, cakes, pastries, ice Grimdard, your favorite toppings and fresh fruit, the perfect ending to a gigantic feast. Emerald Coast, three locations for you in sunrise, a pot of hot Island of 44th Street. There are columns out of just north of 163 to north-ymie beach, and at the intersection of Lomingo and Pembroke's in prestigious Pembroke pies. So take the family or book your next business lunch in the air, Malko's all-size parties welcome for you. And don't forget, let them put together a feast for you for Thanksgiving Day. Take out and live your available to, call 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. That's 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22 for the world famous Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. You're right, and you're home. This is your 20th place. You AM. Your Rogers. So glad. All the hard burn. You don't go home every time I see. So go go go go. That pre-tart in the amwitch. So go go go go. My TV. He's president of the f***er. Republicate muscle in and in our capital in hideous. I don't know why. They won't want to die, but no easy to get. There's proof that they're for you. You're a good president of the f***er. You're a good f***er. Oh, what I get to go once more. And get to we know what it all. If you want this, don't go home every time. You're a good f***er. You're a good f***er. You're a good f***er. You're a good f***er. You're a good f***er. You're a good f***er. You're a good f***er. We've got a great leader here. With prayers it ends up. We're a good f***er. We're a good f***er. 156 at 5. If you're a honey votes, we got an arm. Turned like 5.99. That's what'll be number 600 in our poll today. Which of these well known blacks is the biggest impediment to race relations. Louis Ferrican 248. Jesse Jackson 142. Almost two to one. How sharp did 102. OJ44. The on Sanders, neon D on 36. Michael Jackson 15 Johnny Cochrane's fall potatoes with 12. See the thing with Ferrican is he. He intersperses like some sensible stuff in his speeches. You know, eight hells young black people to, you know, working in education and do this. And then of course just like hit Larry as starts bringing in all the hate. So he mixes in a little bit of truth with a lot of bull crap and hate in this story. And that's it. That's what he's all about. Messing the whole thing up. Messing the whole thing up. Is that what you just said? Yes. Well, all depending on what you think his message is really intended to do anyway. But let's look on a bright side today. The big day, I hope you all change your phones. Do you change your cell phone service yet? What? Most US cell phone users, boy, you are so out of touch. Even in Spanish, I think it's the same deal. I have it on the TV, but it's on you. Most US, you know, this is not a new story. I thought I was going to switch to a new wireless service without losing their telephone number. At a new regulations that raises the stakes and they already competitive wireless market. Under new rules, which are taken effect today, customers may be quicker to dump their current provider for a rival service. Another thing can keep their current number. They can also disconnect a home phone and swap that number for a wireless service. See, so we don't have to be raped quite as bad by the phone company's no more. But today's wild great great for consumers who until now had a hassle with updating friends of business associates to a number change. This ups the end of Andy from mobile carriers. The six major US wireless companies already via aggressively for the nation's 152 million cell phone users. I got to be honest with you. I have a cell phone. I don't use it very much, and I can't stand people who do. If it's important stuff, if it's like, you know, keep it in touch with a family at home. If it's keeping in touch with whatever's going on in your work. If you need it, if it's worthwhile, if it's meaningful, okay. Well, when you're sitting in a nice restaurant, or where do you have to go? And some aunt or you're at a ball game, a hockey game, and your assholes on cell phone. I think that alone could be a book. Assholes on cell phones. Don't you? Number one seller. Where do you go? Where you can evade assholes on and their phones are going on? I mean, like a doctor, somebody's like a paramedic. Okay, most of those people have a belt. They have a beeper, right? They have a 24 hour beeper, so they're always on call. And their beeper goes off and then they run, they go out into the lobby or wherever. And they make the call, find out what the emergency is. But why to how to all these people have to have their cell phones go to their Frettoom? Not just an American thing. It's the same here at Canada. It's the same in Europe no matter where you go. Everybody has got at least one cell phone, Blue to their Frettoom. Any antenna stick in other head like Martians. I don't get it. Why? Keep in touch. Touch it. Yeah, touch this. Don't forget, speaking to that, Miguel might like your touch. You might let you have a little look. QMVand today, five to seven at the publics at 401 E. Sharon Street in Danyabitch, Spind the feel for prizes, baby, spin it. Just keep spinning, something will happen. And pick up your best in the emergency. You'll merchandise our CDs and those more Howard David. Anybody want to more Howard David to keep you? Oh, come on, get where the get in the spirit of it. Go to a good cause. Got the mad dog coming up next to the hampers off again today as usual. Kimbo for this afternoon. Bye bye bye. Yeah. For a lot of balls. Deep down inside.