The year first break. I went to work and knocked on doors and got a job with a small radio station in Miami Beach floor. I was a IDEI, I did the board, I did job, I did sports, I did news, I did everything cleaned up, cleaned up, I did everything. I went to find myself, I had to trouble, I could grab, it's not just me, but I could chew remastered, let it be. Because if we strip it naked, then the vehicles have a new CD, you must find what's more, it's not free. Let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be. What a very gracious, it will be. And when you freeboard these old song list of many more, we can't release. Let you all put out the music, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be is that time and life will never sooner or later we have to let us do it for as long as now that anybody that wonders what will happen tomorrow but hidden within them India can be heat to You know what the best things you could have ever happened is that last night's Ottawa Florida Panther game would have been canceled due to lack of interest and lack of effort. That was, I have watched a lot of things in my life. I didn't watch the whole thing, God forbid, but that was one of the most ugly, the most pathetic, the saddest thing that the vice-scores says there were 11,000 and some odd people were 5,000 people in that macaroon last night that my name is Mohour David, okay? It was nobody there and there's nobody in town. I don't get it. Must be a lot of people with a long busmen's holiday. I can't stand people who get too much vacation time. You know what I mean? Yeah. I hate that. But what's going on there? Everybody is in a matter of, look at a sporting event, there's nobody there. You look at our website and the hits are like down by about 40-50%. And everybody, you tell me there's no traffic on a road. I think the Rapture happened. Everybody that's left here, you're a racer. You're not saved. The Raptors? That's right. We're all the leftovers. Well, by the way, thanks to Martin and Rubin Helly, his Fort Myers for your very, very emotional and very nice facts this morning. And no, we're not going to go MP3 on our archives. And number two, grin, bear it. So all I can tell you to be easily as we used to be on over there in Fort Myers. And I can actually hear it in the 10-mile radius that that station covers. Do you ever hear that station? How would I have done that? I mean, it just cuts right off. Well, I'm sure you make a lot of trips over the West Coast for four hours in nature. Sure, sorry, soda. Uh-huh. A lot of family old folks look like. See my kids. But at any rate, it was a horrible station. But nevertheless, they can actually hear it for a few mile radius. And then they said, oh, no, we don't want to put that perversion in Phil Thunder here. And we surely don't want to end that sports stuff. So let's put a bunch of other crap on that we can sell that we can rob a few graves put some garbage on yours. That's the bee's layup and way, maybe. Now this, this, yes, did they see it in just crossed my ass? We went about, first of all, George wants to apologize to the bottom guys. Said that the guy, a couple of weeks ago, to tell me that the Coca-Cola, he, I didn't believe him. Right, you didn't believe me. He said that on every bottle in can, it says a regular Coke. It says Coca-Cola classic. Yeah. And a classic is in like very small letters and like in like kind of like off color. So you apologize. So you apologize. I wouldn't believe that. I would say that. Yeah. I apologize. And then the other thing yesterday, I'm watching CNN during our one or two comedy bits hour was to get in so like any more, but that's so bad we love it. And it's not going anywhere. And then all of a sudden during the break I came on, I'm reading the crawler breaking news. Here's the press conference by the Hamilton Ohio prosecutor. I mean the corner. And he said, well, whatever, I read it right off the screen there. And they do this all the time on CNN. They did this during the 2000 election during the Chad County debacle. They did this during after 9, 11. And they do it all the time breaking news. And they put a whole bunch on stuff on the screen, which doesn't in any way we've liked whatever's being said. Well, if you can't listen to the audio and hear the whole thing, you have no idea. What's really going on. And they did the game yesterday. So again, Georgia apologizes. I was by the diet. Well, I mean, we didn't have a completely wrong. That was going to hurt. He did rule it was a homicide. He said that the Nathaniel Jones died as a result of the struggle with the police. And that his death will be ruled a homo side. Well, we shouldn't get any of that from the stuff they were flashing on the screen. They're on certainly not news network. And these people really pissed me off. And by the way, Kishia missed the video. It's on their head right now. That does not mean murder. It certainly does. There we go. It simply means that someone else was involved in that death. You know how many times they've shown it last half hour? I'm sorry man. My God. It's the new people who have been to his media. Crazy people. And of course, then they talk about why you know racial attentions. And since they're not here in flame, thank God that they're not contributing to it on the talking head that was by showing it over and over again. You know, you only show it to people about a hundred times then they start getting a little porked off in a PO because they don't look really good. And anyway, but here's a class of example of how the media is insane. I have two articles from two newspapers. Now granted, radically different newspapers from the same city New York Times, New York Post. The hysterical New York Post. I have him in my hand right now on the same topic. New York Post reports in their online edition today cops chasing hot tips on jacco. Detectives and said a barber California running down a handful of hopefully about Michael Jackson and the boy he's accused the molesting cops said yesterday. The cops are as expected to be formally charged with molestation by Santa Barbara County District, the week of December 15, since Jackson's arrest of Edward 20th, the county sheriff's department has received a flood of calls from the public and a handful have been picked up for further investigation. Several calls from the public have yielded information that merits follow-up said sergeant Chris Pappas, adding that five to ten detectives are working on these phoned in tips. The sheriff spokesman refused to detail the nature of the tips but sources said all the leads are about Jackson's alleged victim in the case. Investigators rated the way we know that. Okay, now did you follow that? Nope. Hot leads. Yes you do. Okay. Hot leads. They've chasing some hot tips. Michael likes those hot young tips. Now we go to New York Times, same ideal. Absence of formal charges against Michael Jackson may point away weakening of the case as the headline. Two weeks after the arrest of Michael Jackson on felony child molesting charges, the case against the may have hit some snags. Right, John M. Broder. The Santa Barbara County District Attorney Thomas W. Stanton Jr. has twice delayed filing formal charges against Mr. Jackson, who was showably arrested book and said free on $3 million bail on November 20. Mr. Sneddon now says the charges, I mean you've made public the week of December 15. Better when prosecutors say that such a delay is unusual, though not unprecedented and doesn't necessarily indicate problems with the case. The tip line said to field anonymous calls from anyone with information about the current case or similar complaints of his conduct by Mr. Jackson has yielded little. A spokesman for the Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Department said of 70 calls to the line of her last two weeks, only a handful of produced information relevant to the case against Mr. Jackson said the spokesman Sergeant Chris Papas and no one has come forward until of separate acts of molestation by Mr. Jackson Sergeant Papas B. San. At this point in time, he said none of fully identified new cases were independent investigation. The delay in releasing details of the charges against Mr. Jackson and the lack of new complaints have prompted some of the Jackson can't to say, Mr. Steddon is playing a weekend based on the single child's shaky testimony. One of Mr. Jackson's attorneys suggested this week that Mr. Steddon might be forced to drop the prosecution before trial and it goes on and on. OK. So there's the two headlines in your post, cops chasing hot tips on Jacko and the New York Times absence of formal charges against Michael Jackson may point away weakening of the case. OK. So take those in stick them in your pipe. Stick them up your ass in this mocha, Maureen. That is just unbelievable, but that's typical. Other way to media in this country is just all screwed up. You have and you can't possibly believe the media because no matter what they tell you, you have to like we'd 15 other stories to try to verify it. If you can find one. Now, we asked yesterday on our poll on the second poll today. We got two great polls for today as usual. Grab them. We asked yesterday, what's your take on the black man, the Fangirl Jones, who died in Cincinnati after confrontation with police and the parking lot of white castle. I should have put another rich boy said, we do like white castle. What are they coming back to South Florida? No, I never had white castle. Really? Really? Well, in that genre, you know, the little tiny burgers with the audience, well, that's sure, ate it all of them. Right? Well, white castle was just legendary. So I'm told. I'm wondering, did they ever have white castle in Florida? Do you think so? I don't know, and I don't know. Well, somebody I'm sure will call them and tell us if they ever had white castle in a row castle, but it was around a long, long time. And Wayne Arles is the last one right there on 135th in North West 7th Avenue in Dave County. And we love them for it. And we do love Wayne Arnell and Hudson and all the very nice people over there. We love their stuff. We're like their white hats from Rochester. What's not to like? We don't like the neighborhood too much at night time, but nevertheless, go there in the daytime, more sense, somebody else over there to pick up the stuff. They have a, huh? Yeah. They have a drive through window. That's what they do. Yes, they, what do you mean they do? Are you having been there? Yeah, I've been there. I didn't know they had a drive through. They have a drive through window. A pickup window. I don't know whether you call like a regular drive, do you? But they have like a pickup window, or you make like a quick get away. Because I don't even have that right, like right, right? You can throw a rock from there to I don't know. I thought, which is good. Good. And I still don't want Wayne. And that neighborhood has to think they call it a drive by window. 996 votes. What's your take on a annual Jones and the whole dealer in Cincinnati? They were defending themselves the cops, 261. They should have had taser guns, 251, which was very clearly the correct answer. I mean, this guy, okay, has just come back and all of that, or at least he was. But he didn't do anything to deserve to die. Okay. He came charging out of the car and he was like, uh, all screwed up and he had the PCP Angel does. And the coconut system. I mean, he was just come back. But did he do anything that he deserved to die for? I wouldn't think so. But did he raise the beating? They should be eating with a totem. They should have taser guns, 251. He deserved a 210. That's bad. They overreacted 196 and it's a racial thing. 78. 720% said it's a racial thing, which of course every time a black man does anything bad. And it has to pay some kind of a price for it. It's a racial thing like OJ, like Kobe Bryant, uh, like Michael Jackson, like anything. Anytime a black person in America does anything. It's a racial thing. If a white person does something, nobody ever comes forward. And says it's a racial thing. That is, I think it's ever happened. Do you think? No. If some kind of a notorious flag like John Wayne Gacy or Jeffrey Domerra does, uh, like a bunch of mass murders, nobody comes forward and says, oh, it's a homophobic thing. It's a bigoted thing in case, uh, ever. Did they ever say that? No. No. When some are converted to juo, a guy like David Berkowitz, so does it. So it's an anti-Semitic thing, right? Right. Do you mean they ever say that? Nope. No. I mean, at 5.60 W to kill him. Oh, we got the, uh, geez. I'm just gonna tease that a little bit. We got the press release from clear chat about the new morning lineup. New morning, sure. That's coming momentarily. Hey, imagine Todd Rick lying in your bathtub in a pool of his own blood. Oh. Imagine zero closing costs are in the next mortgage. Zero applications fees. Zero credit bureau fees, zero discounted points. This has got to be the last mortgage you'll ever need. It's the revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group. Now with an amazingly low rate of just 1.95%. That means if you have a $200,000 loan, your payments are a mere 738 bucks a month. What's not to like? And what's your refinance or get you a new home mortgage from financial group? You'll never, ever pay close and cost again. So column toll free, 1809 for Oland, grab yourself real financing. Powered at low rate mortgage. You can move to the next property without further cost of expense. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. For the tails column toll free, 1809 for Oland. It's a whole new way to buy. You pay zero underwriting fees, zero dock fees, zero prepayment penalty, zero closing costs even when you move to another property. Unbelievable. So get yourself financing at that amazing low 1.95% and never pay close and cost again. Call our friends at financial group toll free, went and down checked us out. 1-8940, L-E-N-D, the Renequil housing lender restrictions apply. Write some of your change monthly 5.19 APR. My and local, here's Sports Radio 560C, you a-m. What up? You're hungry. Wow. Look at his favorite couple, Mickle-Shay and Jessica Simpson, celebrate the season, MTV style in a newlywed's Christmas. I'm Nick with Shay. And I'm Jessica Simpson, and at times you deck the malls with browser jolly. Nick and Jessica invite you into their home to trim the trees. Yes, what are you doing? I'm water in the tree, baby. But it's an artificial tree. Sometimes I am such a death. I shut the euthanasia water. Listen, as they tell the story of Christmas to a group of adorable children. That first Christmas night, the shepherd's marble that the side of baby Jesus. Huck, they near. If Jesus dies, shout out. There'd be six more weeks of winner. And join the newlywed's and singing their favorite Christmas Carol. And you see that she's dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb. But he's still married me. I'm still dumb, dumb, dumb. Come celebrate the holidays with a little dumber girl in her same name. On newlywed's Christmas. Ten 18 coming up in just a momentarily, we got the run on-value, exciting new lineup at Fox Sports 940. It's going a real barn burner. Don't you think? Oh, I'm sitting right there. I've got a burner hole thing in the barn. Anyway, here's our first pull today. On a personal level, how do you feel about George W. Forh. Now, the reason we asked that on a personal level is because that pull that we were yesterday, which indicated that his personal numbers went up five points since the Turkey episode in Iraq. So we have to separate from his policies from on a personal level. On a personal level, under it's when you see him, when you see the way he behaves, when you read about his background, when you see that stupid look, I mean, how do you feel personally about George W. Bush, he'll present anything? And we've got a whole bunch of good choices for his six to be exact. He's an honest dedicated public servant. He's a compulsive, devious liar. He means well, but he's over his head. I really like him. He's a regular guy. I hate him like poison or he's a bumbling idiot. I realize there's a little cross over some of those. Overlying. I think that covers it from the head of the tip of his toes. On a personal level, how do you feel about your and the tips of his earlobes? Feel about George W. Bush. He's an honest dedicated public servant. He's a compulsive, devious liar. I'll write in vote for that. He means well, but he's over his head. I really like him. He's a regular guy. I hate him like poison. I voted for that or he's a bumbling idiot. I didn't have to tell anybody how I voted, but I guess it kind of spoke for itself. Now you wouldn't go so far to say you hate him like poison, would you? I hate him like poison. So there's our first poll of the day. Let's see. I hate him like poison's winning with seven votes. So far, but one of those is yours. One is mine. Before we get to that Fox News, let's tease that little bit. Okay. No, or tease it. I got my way. We got it. We're not going to tell you. The outrage, the nation mad bivins writes this very short, neocon games. He says, now comes another glimskord to see the Wall Street Journal of the way the world really works. Perhaps you've heard of the woes of Lord Conrad Black, the conservative media barren. Until recently he was CEO of Hollinger International Inc. Chicago-based media company, the Onesie, Chicago-Suntime, the Jerusalem Post, and Britain's Daily Telegram. Black who once famously dismissed good corporate governance as a fad, stepped down last month amid questions about how millions of dollars were spent, including more than 31 million dollars in payments to black himself and other top executives, there is an SEC investigation underway. But gee, how does it be responsible and independent board of directors allow a CEO to get this company into this situation? Well, let Hollinger the Journal reports, board members included former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger, and Pentagon Iraq Hawk sometimes telecom lobbyists Richard Pearl. And what do you know, those two had their own Hollinger-funded side projects, a conservative magazine of venture capital fund, hard to be an independent voice for questioning the CEO's company-build expenses when you've got your own company-build project expenses that might be just as easily questioned. How do you like that? Hmm. Basically what it boils down to is the country's been run by a bunch of crooks, always has been always will be. The world is run by a bunch of crooks, and we're just all like little pawns in chess game. Here's a facts from Gator who says there was a white castle in North Miami, B.263 in Northwest and 12th Avenue by the shopping center from 1963 to 65th. Thanks, Gator. No one dropped this thing. Yeah, me too. I hit town in 69. A white castle. 100 remember the 163th Street shopping center? What was like really a shopping center? People used to really go there? Well, and it was a wolfies across the street and then it came into a peaches and then of course they both disappeared. Uh-huh. That was the wolfies where she said, oh I don't take credit card. Our credit cards for Lousy $8. Yeah, that's what she said to me. It allows you $8. I should have taken my American Express card and shoved it up her. Rectome ass. Sideways. Boy, I'll just have noxious. Anyway, here's another facts that says, I've become sufficiently skeptical to the media nowadays. The left always screams the media's right-buyest. The right says the same about the left. I've come to believe the media's vise in favor of the right. Oh, no kidding. The idea that this didn't grab the national media spotlight is unbeatable to me. He says this facts your own name. If the folk who had it were electees, they'd be screaming holy bloody god damn murder if they found these chemicals in a bathest hot out in Iraq. Rummy would be using this evidence to WMD. I guess boy can really was right. This is a holy war against Islam. I don't know if you've seen this already and these got a thing here. Link. Which I'm not going to read. I'll look at up. Thank you so much, Mr. Unnamed. Unnamed facts here. Now are we ready for the, um, big news? Yeah, whatever. Well, I think that the audience is very concerned about this especially the for Ralph and here we go. I think that's why I know without me, I think he was not a hord of a new man. When he was here, those rumors that for I was going to go up against him mornings on 940 with a big 50,000 watch signal. Well, rest easy, Mo. Just relax, okay? As a matter of fact, when you get home, take off those checkered pants. Take a good zits bath. Maybe take a little blueberry in him. I like my mother would recommend. Clear channel. Here it is. Fox Sports Radio 940. Here's the release. Is for Ralph going on there? No. No. The Dan Silly O show today, view a 940 Fox Sports Radio. Dan Silly O, sounds kind of Silly to me. Do you know who he is? Nope. Josh, no who he is? Nope. No. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Well, do you ain't heard nothing yet, man? Dan Silly O, let's just see. If you just go to hell of it. How big are you? I am. Hello? Yes, sir. Do you know who Dan Silly O is? Sir? Yes. Do you know who he is? Yes. Who is he? He's a good asshole. Yeah. Who said we don't get great calls in the show? His reputation precedes a movie. That was sensational. And that was people who you're calling by the way. Maybe David Ross doing a voice. That was beautiful. Thank you, sir. For making my whole day. Miramar, former university, Miami hurricane and Tampa Bay Bucketier football player, Dan Silly O, who traded in his on-field trash talk for honor, sports talk, and said to debut with South Florida Radio Show at Miami Fort Lauderdale on January 5, 2004, 69 AM. Oh, right. Bring him on. Since 1994, Silly O has hosted Radio Show's in Thamford, Thithko, Tampa, and Los Angeles is part of the original Fox Sports Radio line up since 2002. He's hosted the morning show for 740 the team in Orlando. WQTM, AM 740 in Orlando. Silly O commented, I'm very excited to be back home in Miami. I'll always not going to be back home in Miami. There's nothing worse than people do a show from out of town like me. It's been a dream of mine. He said to do sports talk in South Florida. My relationships with the pro and college sports teams. There are second to none. Second to none. Are you ready for that? I want to give you a kiss. Plus, what better place for a former hurricane to do sports talk in South Florida? Although, Silly O show will continue to be based in Orlando, he says the show will appeal to South Florida sports fans. I'll be talking Cains, Bucks, Dolphins, Heath, Magic, Panthers, Marlins, even Florida Atlantic. Remember Coach Schmellie Burgos, my coach, you have been? Here is the real South Florida Vantage. There's more sports in Miami, Silly O added. Then he'll be doing some shows from South Florida. And that exciting, can you barely wait? Who? WRFX AM slash WIOD Sports Anchor Dave Laman will continue to provide updates three times an hour directly from the 940 Fox Sports Studios. Silly O Silly O Mild will have an expanded role on his show. WRFS AM operations manager, August doesn't have a name state because it does not have a name. We've been talking with Dan for over two years as he knows it's often just a matter of timing and now the time is right. Because Carl Foster couldn't afford to show no more so we had to put some cheap crap on there so we opened up a pot and slap his garbage on there. It's good for South Florida to have someone on a morning sports radio who truly knows and loves South Florida sports. Unlike Joe Rose for example, who's only on NBC six and minutes South Florida the whole time and does a show like right there in the studio as opposed to sitting up in Orlando. Do you like being doing a talk show from Toronto? Yeah. He's very passionate and opinionated not everyone will like Dan but they'll all know where he stands. The Dan Silly O Show and here's the new weekday line of get ready. Strap yourself in. Do I see Scott for real on here? No, no. See the guy to call yesterday who had the inside story. He's right. There are a bunch of cheap bastards and I kind of first of all didn't kind of take any chances. That's number one. But most important overriding all of it is they're not going to pay a local talent. Then I just not going to do it when they can open up a pot like they do with everything else and just for example they're whole lineup. Dan Silly O 69's to start January 5th market down. But Bruno that laughing high in a Tony Bruno 9 AM, the Roamy at noon even you know Roamy. How are you? Roamy like I knew homey. Jim Daniels the tree. I have no idea who that is. Five o'clock sports talks out Florida with Jorge Sedano. I love his suit. The markets. Seven o'clock Steve's job man. Jaybet, CZABA and how do you say that? I don't know Steve. Ten o'clock JT the brick which is another ESPN piece of crap they open up a pot and 2 AM we are there overnight. Whatever that means. What does that charge? He doesn't know. He has no idea. Anybody have any idea? No. So there's the there's the all-farmed-in and put it in. Uh, he has no idea. Huh? He's those. What is it? I don't know. He's handy me something. That's what he came in here like with a purpose. Well what is we are there overnight? Just some more stuff on that Dan Silly O. He's a big fat tub. Oh yeah you're a good one to talk. That'd be like me talking about ugly people like Imantriol. He didn't say that. I'd that my comments are he based on this picture that I'm fact. Well his picture is here and he's a bag already got a picture here in his press release and his breakfast press release from the clear channel Fox 940 Sports People Dan Silly O. We're places Carl Foster in the morning's. Any interest? No. Anybody here. No. And like the guy said before he's an asshole. 1028 at 560 WQM. We got a big van head coming up today between noon and two. We don't know where yet. Maybe somebody will tell us or maybe what will just have you do is all you folks drive around and then you'll let us know where the van is. So keep your IPL for the QA in van and if you find it, we'll give you a Mike's heart limited keychain. There you go. In fact keep your IPL for some here if you can't find any on your head when you look in the mirror. Here's the answer. Charles Alphayory because he's simply the best in the business. They're gotta be a thousand guys now trying to pet a you some kind of here system. Forget about it. Charlie's got the natural hairline system. The best looking piece anywhere available in the world at any price, which is why even a rich guys go to Charles Alphayory. The choice is very simple. If you want to look like Mo, if you want to look like a clown with a Muscrack crawling around on your forehead. That's a loot. All right ahead and do it. Be our guest. Go to the go to the pound. You probably have loose Muscratch run around. But if you want to look younger and better than you ever thought you could again, if you want to eliminate that bald spot for the rest of your life, just check what Charlie on that natural hairline system. And he had nothing lose except the shiny head because everybody gets his 30 day guarantee. If you don't love the way it looks and feels after a few days. Not 30 man. Charlie give you a full refund. No questions and so here's the deal. Just make that one easy call. Be sure mention the arrages because it means an extra two or a box off the already reasonable price of Charlie's unbeatable unimaginable natural hairline system. Call toll free. They bring your ass in. They sit you down. Give your free consultation. Would no obligation and chairbles show you just how much better he can make you look. Call 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413 or log onto his world-faming website at CharlesLphieri.com. I'm pretty sure if 5-6-9-6-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-7-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-8-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-1-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-6-9-9-9-9-9-9-6-9-9-9-9-9 7 to 10 tonight that ought to be some really garbage radio man any k ten into a mark overnight the you have touched down club bank with what is that what is that all about and how come Josh's on their clearance as opposed to like a the beast but those parents got to do with it uh... i don't know exactly what what's that all of a sudden he's like that supposed to be the program to be a class make up your mind okay you want to be on the air sports their jocce liberty you have sniffer or you want to be like a real program director make up your mind and thanks for getting a check there on time corner rules since the night at the home side but before we get to that check i got a heavy plate today again today to get the i'm not eating one of those restaurants where you pay by the pound every in a place like that uh... no i want to stop and think about that because first of all you know you haven't and i've heard of them but i mean well like like we've got that super place on the skin boulevard where you right the right the red soup no no that was poob was not talking about that was a super place but i also that salad and you paid for your salad based on how much it weighed get out uh... there are a lot of those and other and bulk play the terrian restaurants are famous for that you go and you put it you go around to put a lot of that seaweed and crap on a plate and then it is like a little scale there at the cash register and you weigh in and then they charge you based on how many of your way in but i do it and i mean the plate but the plate sometimes weighs about a pound see that's part of the scam sure see it's a way you let me just show all everything off the plate unlike a something real uh... and a septic on a on a no scale and then you wait a food as opposed to a way in a plate for a pound you crazy bastards they get just way you on the way in and then before you leave right there they cash here that's not a bad idea and then you sneak out and take a quick well look at the better and then they owe you money anyway the reason i did the bushpool is because i was very at that was i am extraordinarily disrespected and disarrusted but that's in dismay over the fact that the american public is done or than i've been thought they were i mean at photo op in uh... rack that was just so pathetic that five percent of the public in a polls change and then five percent of our poll two days ago change to i'm in charge all of a sudden twenty two percent said it was a courageous wonderful thing to boost the morale of the troops not just a photo op a shameless photo op or anybody with a brain new that it was just like Hillary was doing so it's not political right that we pay for by the did it it was a photo op and he doesn't all of a sudden say it's a wonderful patriotic gesture give me a freaking break a wonderful patriotic gesture will be to go on the air tonight nine o'clock nationwide and all of that was a say hey guess what we uh... well maybe we didn't lie but we made a bad mistake we're bringing everybody home a weekend and time for the holidays and uh... humane dread all his uh... schmotheads over there okay there no threat to us or anybody else that that would have been the and now we're going we're going to you know put all our efforts in a really fighting terrorism as opposed to people that had nothing to do with it that would be that would be an active courage so there's five percent of a sudden that evidently of lost their mind they've gone off the depends with a photo opportunity which shows you and they're playing the public like a violin you've got a hand it to them and i still say that a credit party a bunch of weak need i want to get a little here today but got prepared weak need jelly for the fissia goofballs is what they are none of them i've really got the ball to stand up and say hey listen he's not full anybody it's a photo opportunity there's kids dying over there every single day those people ought to be home for the holidays with their loved ones there's positively no way and then even the talking head military ones that are on the stations now they're saying every day what you know what there's just no way in a world that we have enough troops over there on the ground to uh... to get things restored law and order and uh... to have the security necessary to combat all this so crap that's going on and i will continue going on for years while they're paying your money down the toilet folks but the problem with the american public and you got that media like i said you have no idea the busy talking talk up talking crap all of this everyday heroes and your stories to see us see an end everyday heroes they're trying to out to ms and be see with that crap you know the wall of heroes how much is the wall of dead people how it at the that's a lot better to me how about we just show those caskets one time well we'll still have to worry let's take a look at the caskets and realize there's body parts and dead people coming back who had no business uh... dying in the first place or being there but you know the only thing missing was a puppy in the child i think the in the crow can be on the court i don't know your sports nerds and do you understand about the sports nerds i think they're the evil do we nothing after we take care of the uh... alcada and all the other terrorist in the world then we go after the sports nerds what are you saying all right all right that's a good idea round them up send them to get more will send to give them all what will do is we'll put them in those uh... cells with all them smelly uh... schmataids and then we'll like uh... well forced into watch reruns of old james that they already know the outcomes of they would like that in fact it the sports nerds from south flot about the do is we'll like them in a fourth and the watch reruns of old dolphin games where they got like that Jackson bill game 62 to seven some of the games where they've really gotten wallop over the years and just over and over and then we'll put their eyelids uh... with two picks open like in the clock records and forced into watch that crap over and over again sports nerds and a bunch of evil doers you've heard of the warning on a person level how do you feel about your own wb bush hundred forty eight votes i hit a like poison forty five he's a bumbling idiot forty he's a compulsive dv's liar twenty five not doing to well with his crowd yet he means well but he's over his head seventeen and then the two most regulatory categories here just changing again on me he's uh... uh... the two most part of the r-negator from our standpoint he's a honest dedicated public servant fourteen at just under nine percent renegallic and his regular guy eight five-point one percent so let's see you got the fourteen percent say he's okay to restore a freight train and the other eighty six percent say oh my god and lord this is for three of five six two don't like all the hard burn don't go every time i see don't go every time can't win don't go on he's president come repolute muscle and in our taking here why want to to you with president you you you what i get you when and get to we all hold it here you are this don't go this rubber stupid don't go behind this rug rich kid don't go these even these president you don't care what it's all you got to me my hooker and bro oh no you and I we've got a great leader with president you you you president i'm you you you you know something i might just leave this up all day today we might have to hold out of that other one for tomorrow goody don't you think yeah i think this is pretty important crap let's uh that will give erics a nice time to sit back relax and have a few baloney sandwiches 195 votes on a personal level how do you feel about president George W. Bush have some respect for your president not in that don't you love those people say it's supposed to respect the presidency of course they're the same people for the most part of our bashing bubble because of a few blow jobs in a state on a blue line get him out of there he will yeah the bubble bashes i hate him like poison fifty nine thirty point two percent this audience hates this president like poison like arsonic would not be all lace he's a bummer idiot forty nine which goes without saying twenty five point one percent he's a compulsive devious liar thirty five which is why there's a lot of people dead right now who ought to be still alive he means well but he's over his head twenty six that's not that that's kind of like a backhanded compliment but what you mean well but the go back and sit on the bench you're not ready for prime time he's an honest dedicated public servant seventeen eight point seven percent and i really like him is a regular guy nine oh i'm a te rubber keeper voted for for that you want to why yeah he likes that number nine nine nine he likes it plus he loves bush is what we hear so let's see so that means thirteen point three percent of got a positive or really positive view on this president of this audience with without the turkey maybe that was an aberration the other day because it's hard hard to put your finger on it right let's pretend it was all sure hope so because if any of you people out there got sucked in by that phony baloney uh... that that's silly a sneaking in in the middle of the uh... one of these looking that we put a opportunity and by the way it wasn't even a it wasn't even a real uh... turkey it was a real turkey but it wasn't uh... nobody in it was the stunt turkey it was the stunt bird so if he didn't or told me so there's nothing worse than god would have stunt bird the bird was perfect but not for dinner in a rack picture bush is holding a centerpiece this is story to watch in post to be got a story for everything we got stories up the ass today president bush's bag that turkey was for looking not for eating in the most widely published image from his Thanksgiving day trip to bag dad the beaming presence army workout jackets run by soldiers as he created a huge platter laden with a golden brown turkey the bird is so perfect it was as if it came from a food magazine with but she's a great another chiming completing a normal rockwell image that even evokes bounty insecurity one of the most dangerous parts of the world which is why they hide held it out there before there anybody knew they were there in the first place but as a small sign of the many ways the white house maximized the impact of the two and a half hours stop at the bag dad airport administration official said yesterday bush picked up a decoration not a serving plate official said they didn't know the turkey would be there or that bush would pick it up a contractor had roasted in print the turkey to a door into a fay line while the six hundred soldiers were served from cafeteria style steam trays the official said see that they said the bird was not placed there in anticipation of bush's stealthy visit and military services said a trophy turkey is a standard feature of how to make a line said that they're not going to get to eat it right here's some crap here's some SOS picture that were you read on a single but but did just imagine if we get nothing the scene was lasted just a few seconds was not visible to report who was there but was recorded by a pool photographer and describe official said in response to questions raised in washington bush's standing rose and a pool conducted immediately after the trip administration officials had the presidential stop provided a more loud boost that troops and rackers still talking about and help reassure rackies about US intentions that he was going to give them the bird i think he's already done that liberation by elimination baby nevertheless the foreign has opened new credibility questions for white house that is dealt with issues as small as who placed the mission accomplished banner aboard the aircraft carrier bush used to proclaim the end of major combat operations in a rack and as major as assertions about the basalt of the uh...sandle of unconventional weapons and is a building threatening us the white houses updated to count of an airborne conversation which a British airways pilot wondered on his radio if you had just seen air force one and was told that it was a Gulfstream five a much smaller plane white house officials first said the British airways pilot and talk with air force one pilot bush a's now say the conversation occurred between the British airways pilot and air traffic control worker i don't think everybody was clear on exactly how that conversation happened what house press secretary spot McClullin said British airways said it's been unable confirm the new version or any version we looked into what a spokesman from the island said it didn't happen ha ha ha ha ha ha now we can't find out she says we looked into what it didn't happen another lie again not a big lie not a big deal but just another three can live kind of like dramatize the whole story see make it sound like a little o'clock in dagger they're all a crap well guess what didn't happen now here's to the best fact is ever seen in my life side by each here's one that says i love this it says hangy on the here verbin jones called mohaw david this morning or did not i guess since you won't put them on the area had to go uh... where any and everyone is welcome to call him to paradise i hate chronic sent a sign from little event that's good that's really cute even though you hate verbin jones like poison he just will call when you're on it's all that's are you kidding what calls five times a day when i'm on now he just he can't stand you that's why calls five times a day to piss you up now here come this is even more exciting this is a thought of a text to ever sent this from Orlando thank you so much say that's the idea of the and and because here the ratings from the last book this is updated November 18 2003 i guess from the last trend so it's like is up to days of gets in Orlando this is where dansilly was on here on at am seven forty two four six eight ten twelve fourteen sixteen eighteen there are twenty twenty stations rated in the Orlando market yes we're done what you already know because you saw that yes what position the dansilly oh show is on let's let uh Josh gas he didn't see this out of twenty where do you think they are let's go twenty let's go right in fact they may not be good but at least they're consistent because this goes back the fog this is got five rating books oh no it's got four rating books and the latest trend and they are either last or tied for last and everyone except there was now there are a couple of them of the Spanish language station is like right there with them and they're like that's what they're like and they're like that's what they're like and they're like that's what they're like and they're like that's what they're like and they're like that's what they're like and they're like that's what they're like because this starts with fall to 2002 that's going to be a spring of all three coming from that in person two a point eight wow making some serious progress but only beating out that Spanish one who had a point five then in the summer of all three they were again listed last year with a one point one and then the latest trend tied for last with country wpcv with a one point one share and that's the station and he's going to be broadcasting from the he's on and that's the big breakfast announcement because cheap channel once again lives up to its name it's the cheap freaking way which would more more reason just i keep trying to tell you people this is what's happened to radio business that we used to know it low just a handful of companies gobling them all up like a guy then thanksgiving turkey and that's it that's what you get just open up a pot and put a bunch of crap on on 800 different stations and that's the end of that you ought to be kiss in your radio no matter where i'm sitting doing a show you ought to be kiss in your radio for all of us on even moe of salute i mean at least in a perverse way he's got something going he's live in low i wonder what his exit strategy is but anyway i think he's just like bush's biggest problem is he got into a polycraft he has no exit strategy or i can make it we don't talk about he got into the crap with moe and i have no exit strategy look at that poll 245 votes man they're emotional about this on guarantee of my living when did we put this thing up about 1020 something like that man just over half hour we got 245 votes there emotional about George's W. Bush they're love more hate him and that's who many this crowd loves him on a personal level when i talk about the issues we're not talking about the word i rack we're not talking about that medicare bill we're not talking about all of these things the economy whether he's a any of those we're talking about in a personal level on a visceral level i can't stand people use that word how do you feel about George's W. Bush i hate him like poison 71 he's a bumbling idiot though 70 we got a battle there go it on like crazy he's a compulsive dv. s liar 41 he means well but he's over his head 34 he's an honest dedicated public servant 18 7.3% and i really like him he's a regular guy 11 and he's a lot of people were voting they also we're doing that we're doing that like that you think oh i know it goes to the people hang out in his spare time at the okahamka turnpike plaza and they get really surely when they see them Nathan hot dogs because they figure it's a jiu thing for that we got a dozen are really like me's regular guy so got 11.8 percent all that's dwindling badly out of 252 votes 11.8% with something really positive about the other 80.1% say fui corner rule Cincinnati death a homo side the hamlet and county corner yesterday and i wish he and would have been little more clear about that because man it really pissed me off the way they misled me and a lot of other people to said the violence struggle over weekend between turn and 50 pound of Daniel Jones and Cincinnati police was the immediate cause of the man's death and said his death will be ruled a homicide doctor curled parrot no to the Jones was obese no had an unlarged heart and it had ingested pc p and cocaine hours before the incident with police and by the way had the very very high levels of both parrots had superficial bruises consistent with night's dick injuries were on his body he said Jones death thing rule the homicide doesn't imply hostile or malign behavior the corners of a said to his did a Jones had bruises on his legs but no side of injuries to his internal indigestion for a while so we had to do some other things like he said Jones death must be regarded as a directed immediate consequence in part of the struggle plus his obesity heart disease and drug and house or location all of these things he said Jones had several lethal help problems when the confrontation happened and you know something what the hell was eaten a white castle for right right bad for you I think that alone party act is this this all man this rhythm you which was the ultimate physical cause of death but he stressed the event precipitated his death with the ensuing struggle absent the struggle mister Jones would have not a dot at that juncture maybe after a couple more than castle burgers right new video released to the show Jones dancing and marching around white castle restaurant in the parking lot before the officers arrived on the scene later he fell in the world on a hill like Jack and Jill and that yeah what a dancing and marching around a white castle maybe he had a free nap will quits that you ever think about that right same by the past 15 20 little things and man you'll be just dancing your brains though wonderful world of science with professional all of our boys and girls today we're going to line about an invisible substance incident and it's not that the floor is on juices say that I'm not worried about it as a matter of fact it's a night that's right boys and girls it's a noble guest named for a very noble and his orchestras how are two would demonstrate how why guilty what a surprise a great tell what brings you here I want to lean about yes it's a noble guest of all of our now here hold this to that that one in my pants I'm going to throw into my home day yeah you're a guy that's how we are that you will guess I cannot hear you a little picture before I thought before what a guy that's a potato potatoes for what you can make a battery out of a potato a battery out of a potato yeah the bottle you've just debuted I know you think how 1000 old how you got that boy from fall where I think it's a pretty good idea. Go over and see Pony tell it to pizza locked. You don't have to go in and buy lunch or anything like that. But you ought to have an idea if you did. We appreciate that and Jeff would appreciate it because he's dying. But anyway, pizza locked in Davy would have that gigantic shopping space on the University Drive between Griffin and 5.95. So just you'll look at a Q and Vand Park right in front of the pizza locked. That's a one in Davy, not that other a joint. But what in Davy on the University Drive and there'll be there from noon to two. The lovely Scott's going to be there Scott Junior, right? I reckon. And he'll be stirring up. Don't get nervous now when you see him because he does have a tendency of not looking you in the eye. But like stirring up at the sky like the sky is falling and we just saw a hundred dollar bill floating around in the air. And he just be like trans fix on it, you know. He's a little unusual. But anyway, he'll be there noon to two today for a band of pet rescue weed. Just 95 bucks to get to 43 granted. We'll go get to our 50 grander. If we don't get to 50 grand by the end of the year, I'm going to be so pissed off. That was just quit. Then we'll just demand that they just pay us off the rest of our contract. Gary says, I'd like to add a choice to your pull. Religious nut bag. People keep it. You're right about coke, man. It sucks. Yeah, does. Coke or coke. I'm immediately winning. Sure, I'm going to race to my dominion. And I'm going to pick up as many as I can carry of diet, camping, free diet Pepsi. The sure worst that stops stealing my diet Pepsi out of here. Yeah, who the hell still in Georgia's diet Pepsi in there in that building? And tough keeps going on by first of all, my, let me say this to you. The phone has screwed up. Even if we didn't want to do screenless, we have to because Josh can answer to phone line. One is still screwed up. And also people are stealing all Georgia's diet Pepsi's in there out of our little referral week. But you keep telling us, oh, well, you know, nobody's supposed to be in here. Yeah, well, they are. They are. It's like the Christian science reading room in there, man. I'll do not reading their eating. They crushed my stapler using it as a door prop. Yeah, prop in the door. What a joke. Anyway, it says Gary's facts. People keep expecting slash hoping. He'll wake up into the right thing. But this idea thinks God told him to have ate a rack. Well, he looked like God. His name was Richard Pearl and Paul Wolfowitz. Dick Cheney. If this born again, alcohol actually believes this, then he's incapable of dealing with things logically. And that makes him the most dangerous leader of a nation since Hitler. And this country is too stupid to wake up to it. Correct on all contrary. Correct on all counts. But I'm not going to change into pool because Eric is sitting back eating taco bell now. He's just just forcing it down his push. That's because he's frustrated because you keep picking on him. Hey, love the fact Eric. I'm going to go visit him in Orlando. Plus, plus we're not getting the kind of hits on there that we used to. But that even that even means we've lost 40% of the audience in a couple of weeks or there's nobody around. I don't understand that thing about there be nobody around. And maybe we'll hear today from somebody who was at the hockey game last night. But even if you call and say you were, I'm sure you're lying. There was nobody there including the Panthers. I mean, if you can't complain about the referee last night because there wasn't any. And I don't want to be the voice of Lumen doom, but I just can't see any way any. How that after next year's Laka, we're still not going to be any season next year. After that, that there's going to be any team in Carolina Buffalo Pittsburgh or South Florida. I can't see it. How's it possible? There's no fan bases. There's no interest. So Alan Cohen, I sure hope you need a good tax right off because boy, you got one. Anyway, time from Hollywood is a chronic factor. Says he fashes me this article. Lawmaker attacks FCC's effort ruling for television. I am so sick and tired of goodly two shoes who want to tell all of her, I can't deal with it anymore. I'm going to tell you right now what we need to do, the most important thing. And I know a lot of people get pissed off too bad. The most important thing that we could do and liver happen because they got all the power and all the cash. To make the world a safer, better, saneer place to live is outlaw religion. Poor in the world. Yeah, amen, brother. Wake up tomorrow and all of religions. Bye bye. Take all the churches and turn them into homeless shelters. Go tell it on the night. Do something with turn into soup kitchens. Turn it like places where we can find jobs for people who really want to work. Anything. And stop with these tax exempts. Grabbing pillars of bull crap a propaganda and just say goodbye to all of the hate that that's all religion does. And don't tell me, well, you know, the churches do all of this good charitable work. We could be doing the same charitable work without the church, but not the fairy tales. Oh, what a concept. You don't need to read some silly old books from thousands of years ago by a bunch of primitive idiot Stone Age assholes, as intended, that it's probably a pretty good idea to help people if you can. Oh, gee, what a concept. And that's the other crap and murder them. All that doesn't seem to be stuff in the US from doing it. Butchering a lot of innocent people who have no business being, it's just amazing. Just shocking that the public in the US is so stupid, they can sit back and and they practically have come out and said, All of it, this whole thing, this whole episode of an area wreck was built out of a whole bunch of lies. It was built on a deck of cards over today. We caught the king of clubs. Oh, no, we didn't want we lied. The deck of cards. See, that goes to show you. I don't understand how people can't be insulted. I'm not sure we did that. No, I'm not. Unless they're that stupid. Remember the turkey? The house of cards. Oh, yeah, the deck of cards here. We caught the king of queens and the ace of spades and all right. My god, almighty, what kind of crap it's just like the yellow light green light thing, you know? And that's the same thing. Everything has been reduced in America to the lowest level of Bay Nalley because you're just like the president sitting there reading the kindergarten kids in Sirasota on the day 9-11 took place on that day. I think that there's something symbolic about that. I think there's something really appropriate about that that he was sitting there reading from a bunch of silly fairy tale books to a bunch of little children in a kindergarten. He finally found an audience on his own level. And then of course that they made a big sentence about that kid corrected him at the White House yesterday about who was seven years old and not six or whatever. And that's not even a story, okay? No. If that was his worst mistake, we'd say nice school and Mr. President, you're okay in our book. If that was his biggest decision. No more religion. I'm turning that right now. That would be and I don't care all you people. I know I'm in a very tiny minority. It's so you can't be an atheist in America. No, no, no, no. Enough of this bull crap. Enough fairy tales. Enough hate. That's all religion generally does is just generate intense unbelievable hate. You look at the map. Get out your little globe right now. Or grab under your nuts and pretend it's a globe of the world. Roll it around, sir. Roll it around in your hand and take a look at the North Pole and the South Pole and then the Pole. Well, I'm telling you, just look at air-ve conflict in the world today. It's all religion based. Wow, what about South America when I had that overpopulation, you mean that the Catholic Church has inflicted on them? When they have all of those ruthless dictators that we've had to install in our first place? But anyway, a Florida congressman is crusading against the government decision condoning the use of the effort on television. Well, FM. And it's weekly message to constituents representative Jeff Miller criticized the FCC for deciding an October that you two singer Bono did not violate federal decency standards when he used the word on TV. Let me just tell you this about the sports nerds about that mentality to see if you're watching a ball game and they have all those mics on the sidelines or hanging over the ice and hockey game. What you hear the effort many times during the game? By third man. These minimum. Sometimes 100. That's not the problem. You can't hide him and have them calling out. But see, that's okay because it's sports. It's kind of like on QA and one of the sports nerds says some foul thing. It's okay. A rassifer for real. But if I see it, oh my god, that perverted, no good, faggot knife. You're sort of a bitch, you hear that? That was perrient. Right. Anyway, in the plain and simple terms, the commissioner rule that it is permissible to use the effort as an adjective but not as a verb Miller wrote. He criticized what he called the irrationality and the absurdity of the agency's decision. And Mr. Miller, you're absurd and you're irrational. Okay, you're an idiot. The language police. Miller's office has received about 400 email messages and letters on the Rolling Sense of Wazithio, October 3rd said Dan McFall, the congressman Chief of Staff. He said almost all were critical of the FCC's decision. Well, if then too. To put that response in one in context, McFall said the congressman's office received just 15 email messages and letters on the 395 billion dollar Medicare prescription drug bill. See there you go. I've rest my case. Something important? Nothing. Something idiotic in a bull crap. Oh my god, it religious, so that's all foaming at the mouth about it. Thanks, Todd and Hollywood, who says I hate pushing his machine. He says in his wife was on his morning's today show being licked by Nora O'Donnell of NBC, Nora was looking. Mrs. Looking Bush. Laura Bush looks like she just used the litter box. It said, oh, it's kicking the litter box. I got a terrible story. Where all this stuff come from today, you know what? I don't know. I got a pile here halfway to the ceiling. And by the way, my head a great bomb movement this morning. I'm sure she's listening. She's very, very concerned about bomb movements. Yeah. It's an issue. Twined it. Hey, Bob. I mean, what are we going to grow up at America already? This business, the word police. Oh, you doesn't say this and you doesn't say that. But in the meantime, if we're killing a whole bunch of people, let's it on this story. That's okay. All I need to do the break and then we'll do the compoteen arrested for allegedly abusing cat story. Now, you're going to have to try to control me while I read that story. Well, you know, we are, and others on the show. We got abandoned per rescue that takes here not just dogs, but also pussy cats. But we'll get to it. I'll see if I can get through with the straight face. What? Okay, face. It's a nasty story. It's bad. I really mean that, don't I? Yeah. Abusing cats. I mean, after you pull them out of the microwave. Anyway, in a personal level, how do you feel about George W. Most let's see how that pull is coming. 332 votes. Unless that hour. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Wow. He's a bummer than any of the 101. He's moved to the top of the pack. I hate him like poison 92. He's a compulsive, devious liar is 60. He means well that he's in over his head 41. He's an honest, dedicated public servant 26. And I really like him. He's a regular guy. 12. So we got 11.4% who are given. Kissy, kissy, kissy. You're saying who are given. Kissy, kissy. Raisin that old indexed finger. High in the sky. Hey, let me tell you a place where you'll be happy. That's Brandy shoes and have a perfect fit on your feet. It's going to really screw you a bad. That's somebody you may have found out. Brandy shoes this year celebrating their 25th year in business in poverty. And they got the top brands in a world like I said only moments ago. They got rock ports. Echoes, Mufisto, Timberland, Clarks, S.A.S. Floor Shime, all of these things. And they got a big wide range of sizes too. Events size 6 to 15. Women's 5 to 12 and which from the very very narrow to the very big fat and wide. And with over 40,000 parachutes in stock and that big gigantic 8,000 square foot mega store, you can be damn sure even but Mohour David is life on it. That exactly what you're looking for is in stock ready to slap on your feet right now. Brandy shoes, there are 12 90 North Federal Highway in Paparoba, Chopin, daily 90 line. Sunday's 10 to 5. It's a great time to buy S.A.S now during Brandy's 25th anniversary sale. Come in for finger savings. The usual 20 to 30% extra on all men's and women's S.A.S. styles right now this week. Or visit their website Brandy shoes with two S.A.S.S. Brandy's shoes. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com.com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. .com. 10 give Saint Nick some new threshold advice. Yes, I tell. When you visit the kids' houses, eat the carrot sticks yourself and feed the cookies to the reindeer, okay? That was your turn to sit on my lap. Oh, thanks to queer eye for the Santa Guy. Santa's got a new attitude. Merry Christmas to all. And to all the day night. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. 11 17 at 560 WQR things say, Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Now, down if Jeff Miller has his way, won't be able to say crap. Anyway, here's a fact that says a corner said the death of the 350 pound black man who was clumped by Felicia, the video tape beating was caused primarily by the struggle, partly attributable to his white heart disease and drug use. That seems quite convenient, even if he hadn't died that none of those factors. I don't think he would have felt too good the next day, had he survived. I tried to avoid the rush to judgment history and cover up syndrome and saw the tape for the first time yesterday. My interpretation of what I saw was a drunk being beaten to death by a mob mentality police department surprised I'm not black. Just another example of H.G. H. Driven Cops out of control, just protecting and serving. H.G. H. Driven Cops. Don't know. What does that mean? I don't know. No. So, there you go. That's what the anonymous facts just says there. So they're out of control. Well, they were out of control. But then again, they didn't have no taser gun. That's what they designed for, see, stun guns to like some do something like that who's just a big and stoned and the crazy and gun nuts and dancing a white castle. Now, here's this cat story. All of it probably should take a couple of calls first. So we have like a little separation. Okay. WDQAM. Hi Neil. Yes sir. Even though we are both fat and greasy, I guess. That's Reven Jones. We tried to know until this moment I know he was fat and greasy. Didn't you? And this gym who keeps fasting like five words, why does he waste the effect? And then you were hitting him when we've compounded by doing the same thing and saying it's a big, don't respond to it on the air he'll just keep doing it. George W. Bush on a personal level of thought of it makes me throw. I think what he means is throw up but he didn't write to make him throw. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. Yes I knew. I had a question about the website. Yes. Did you guys get rid of the archives link? I can't find it. We did? I don't know. I'm looking on the first page below the articles of last few days. The articles of Confederation? Correct. Well you know something maybe that would have count maybe the archives page disappeared. How could that be? Honestly can't find it. The last thing I see is foot in mouth price for Rung's failed and that's it. Um. No wait a minute. I just clicked here you go. They've moved it. No headlines story archives. Is that what you're talking about? You're talking about show archives. No I'm not talking about your actual show. I'm talking about like you know when you guys get links to articles. Yeah no just click on words as features. Okay. And that'll take you right to a headline slash story archives. I'm looking at it right now. You got it? Features. Right. Okay. Okay. Okay. Got it. Thank you sir very much. There you go. No Mr. Charge. Thank you. See there you go. It's the computed doctor. What I know about computers you could put in a symbol. And it's really good man. That's it. Yeah. What? Nothing. And fast like lightning just like like that. Boy, got a good computer sitting well. Good enough computers sitting on the floor over here that Josh could be using in That room to save. Right. Nobody over there wants to get it put together. You know, tough. It's about time you people got off your ass instead of coming in here whispering rumors of all kinds of things in about how you hate more Howard like crazy when she would grow. It's better stuff like that. Well yeah. Let's get to play school on there. You got to program director and operations manager. You got too many cheese to not enough Indians. That's a problem. Okay. Just like in Kansas City, too many cheese. Not enough Indians. Let's get to show on a road. We need some. And just like what I was there. Then I sit down the first day and air everything from a technical aspect is a piece of crap. The house phone doesn't work. It's the one that all kinds of fart and puke and you can't use it. The line one doesn't work. And guess what? I see every line flashing on the board now except line one. And guess why does it work? No. No. Josh can't answer the call. So I got to sit and do a scream. Like some kind of a smuck working on a 10th rate radio station. You think we were the ones that had the point one instead of that silly Dan. There's nobody even there now they give you a pissed off about it. WQAM. Oh well. Yes. Good morning. How's the weather up in T.O. It's sunny and 35. Did I not to bed? Not bad. Not bad. It's such a face on your. Well, I tried to unreligion my son just with about to become a watch out. And the quits because he said he didn't believe in God and there was a collective gas in the room. Yeah. And so I said, well, the kids are busy. You can leave a lie about it. Or you can tell him the truth and said, well, I'm not going to lie about it. Good. And you go. While he is a firm believer in follow of your DNA, you can tell him that everything you came up with that and we stick to it. The NHN TNC doodle harm and take no credit. Let me tell you that the bush thing. I mean, first of all, you're not going to have any Democrats come out again. What he did. And then they're going to sound untapped the product. But what he did was, and I believe that he should have snuck in there. Okay. Because, you know, they would have tried to shoot them down. But the fact that he was on the ground, only for two hours. And had not even met with the interim government of Iraq. Oh, who's good? Those people have pissed off because that was the one opportunity as commander and chiefs to sit down with these people and say, you know, how's it going? What can we do? This is that news saying. You didn't. He went first photo off as everybody knows. And then he stayed at that. They don't want to know. And you're wondering, why does he know how it's going? Exactly. Exactly. But you know what? I mean, these people are saying it's just a big set of brass ones. They're just a hot spot. They're good. But you know what? Quit and went to Bosnia and met with over 6,000 troops over there. He went out and met some of the troops out in the field. This didn't even leave the hangar in Iraq. But that just goes to show you that he's got a very kind path. Okay. But I make a couple small requests. Yes, sir. You have not played two six heads in paradise. The entirety with no Clinton and Bob Bowle in a long time. I've never played a whole lot of my personal favorites. And also to come up with a speech of Paul, if I can make a suggestion. I'm sorry. That's the best of most it. And you could actually play him on a Wednesday to kill that one to two hour. And then, Mr. Mall on the pole and let's see how he's doing on a Thursday. Not bad. I would love to hear all the more that's back to back. Absolutely. Okay. I'll have a great holiday. Thanks. Bye-bye. I'm going to be a general economy. A non-denominational Christmas in Shinuka. I like that. Ten-year-old kid had scott the balls to say, I don't believe in God. I'm not going to give you this pledge of allegiance to crap. Hey, bud. See, this idea. There's no two ways about it. You either have free speech and freedom of thought or where you don't have it. There's no gray area there. Either you've got it or you don't. And America don't. And Ascle's like this Jim Miller. All of these right wing clowns, Jeff. What a bit of his name is an Ascle by any other name with smell the same. Tired of it. Sick of it. nauseated by it. And we got a few of those in Canada. You got a few of them. But they don't have the cloudy. They don't have the power. In fact, if anybody makes a bigoted remark here, right off the bat, they're like, excoriated in fourth either resign or going to the closet and power in the inshame. It's just that tolerated. But this whole religion thing is nothing about hate and intolerance and always has been from the beginning of time. It's just like the bush business. It's like the war in Iraq. There is nothing complicated about it. There's nothing complex about it. It's very, very simple. And that is when people justify their hate or are unwillingness to accept other people based on something in whatever book, whatever religion, whatever furry tail. All it is is an excuse. Slavery. The suffocation of women. All of these things all based on crap written by bigoted men thousands of years ago. Well, the Bible says, right. Just unacceptable. It's just garbage. We should wake up tomorrow and all these sick religions of the world. And by the way, they're all sick. It's just a question of degrees. It's a question which one is the most, which one's at the most. The most malignant and the most, the most of the nine. And even the ones that are benign like the Jews, they got the orthodox Jews and believe me. They're about as malignant as a kid. Just ask the Palestinians. They'll tell you. Right. Speaking of lunatics themselves. See there. They're like, like, and the Michael Moore had to write on everybody. Give Israel an appellous thing. It's 40 million of peace and let them all kill each other. That's what they want. How does that affect us? Does it affect us in any way? No. All it does is it affects politics. And now the new deal is it isn't just the Jew lobby in American, I would say, Well, we got 1.2 million Muslims in America and they got the who vote. And they got this big go lobby. Yadiyani and Saint, they're again, Dearborn Michigan. I've been in Dearborn Michigan, believe me. Let me just give you a little piece of advice. Yeah. Don't go there. Okay. It's just, I don't know. What? Well, just going to go to Detroit, period. You'll be much better off. The Trump and O'Rotene arrested for allegedly abusing cats. I got to do the break before I do that story. Why did it to disturbing story about the BS? Oh! And a pump and a beach teenager allegedly abused three kittens. Now even people at our cat lovers like me. I mean, you got a cute little kitten. Yeah. Right. Kittens are cute. And less if they've been in a microwave too long. I can't like him extra crispy myself. I see. I shouldn't be doing that. And I know I shouldn't be the star. I should just make candy. You know, you just discouraged me for meeting a kid. Don't be. I don't think I'm a bad guy. You're a bad guy. I'm not going to contribute to a band of pair rescue. Don't forget Scott Junior will be there at noon to two. Right in front of the pizza loft in Davian University, drive between 5.95 and we're from Rode, right? The on-paired one in force with a big, shopping area there and all the parking. And going in the get a slice or something, going in the get a pie from the Opponi tail, right? A slice of pizza. Anyway, if you want to do something really smart, give your home a new style as holiday season replace that tired old smelly carpeting. And let me tell you how to do it. Call our friends at Laminance Aras. This is the easy moment in Saltor and live to its expensive natural wood flooring. Laminance Aras is the best place to find lemonade wood flooring from Pirator or Pergo Wilson Art Unifler Quixetette. And all of Laminance Aras flooring is installed by people who know their stuff inside and out. Pergo certified installers. Another reason the other big call, Naminance Aras is their prices are so amazingly low, it'll for you. Right now get their holiday special. For just 1495 bucks that gets you up to 295 square feet of beautiful Laminate wood flooring. Possitively, earn the light bulb. And Laminance Aras will match any legitimate written offer to can't be to the stick. For a free and home estimate, call Laminance Aras toll free, 1-877-777-733-36, and make it so easy it's a piece of cake. Free carpet disposal, free furniture moving, they give you 25 year warranty. So this holiday season give your home a gift, a brand new style. With beautiful Laminate wood flooring from Laminance Aras toll free today. And tell them that crusty old Neil pointed to call 1-877-7733-36. All in love, this is for 20 likes and for the two way in. Howard David's a bitch. Thank you, you see all there is to see in a reality dating show. Think again. There's a new reality in reality television. It's average Joe millionaire. A show that puts a twist on an old twist. With a brand new twist. average Joe millionaire. One box of beauty must choose the matter of dreams. Among 25 hunky guys, she thinks are worth over $50 million. But guess what? They're not hunky and they're not rich. Or are they? What's the dirty little secret behind average Joe millionaire? Are these ordinary guys actually extraordinary? Are they really worth the millions? We said they weren't. We said they weren't. Can a beautiful woman fall for an average looking rich man who's actually poor and handsome? Or will she love them for their good looks and not for the money she thinks they may have. But actually, might not. It will all become crystal clear on the premier episode of average Joe millionaire. Poor Willett. Find out. When reality television gets a real dose of real reality. Brailling. And it's all. On average Joe millionaire. Coming soon. Do box TV. Number 31. Is it? Edward you QAM. See I forgot about that. I just stuck that in the internet. I forgot about it all the time. It's not Alzheimer's kicking in. Anyway, new to to you got Scott. That's Scott Junior. Not the senior. In the QM van at Pizza law. I think we have Scott the senior out there. Wouldn't that be good? Yeah. He grew a crowd. Between Griffin and five and ninety five. Noon to two. Any minute and a half an hour. In the QM van with our best in the emergency. And then five to seven Miguel will be at the Maruni auto sales of added pro player stadium. Spin for prizes and the best in the emergency. I'll be there too. Now what does that mean? The, the Maruni auto sales of added pro player stadium. Sounds like to what are those tens sales or something. Yeah, sounds like that. It's ought to be pretty tense. Find the seven with Miguel the sack. Noon. That's a double double the dipper for you. So how's that promotion department coming? Anyway, here's that. When you stock don't start. You, you started. I did not. Josh started. Oh, then he did it. Was it? The 386 votes on a personal level. How do you feel about George W. Bush? He's a bumbling idiot. One 18. Well, I mean, all that memo said don't not the memo wasn't for on here. But didn't say don't talk about it. So talk about it. I'm not. Anyway, he's a public idiot. I hate him like poison a hundred and four. Did that come in by the way, would the engineers get that substrate now? No. What the hell are they doing? I don't know. You think that by now he and Clarez would be tall enough and be done with a morning session. I hate him like poison 104. That's Bush, not tough. He's a compulsive devious liar 70. He means well, but he's over his head 53. That's kind of like a back hard at a half ass. You know that two dickheads were present. I don't know where that bit is. That's why I haven't played. No, I don't. I don't need it. What the hell is that call? I'm scared. You played it like twice. Yeah. Well, that's because I can't find it. Well, anyway, he means well, but he's over his head 53. He's an honest dedicated public servant 28. And our renal, I can be a regular guy 13. That's 10 and a half percent. Got something really good to say about this prison. 89 and a half percent say not too extroed. Not too thrilled. The other statement of the century. Not too happy voted. Anybody call in? It was at the Panther game yet last night. Oh, come in. Thank you. I'm fucked up. There's Gilbert again. Do you do it? Yeah, yeah, we all did it. I did it. Gilbert, I got news for you. Okay, what we're going to do is we're going to send Luke of Brotsie, Fat Rich, and Fat Boyd, your house. They're all going to sit on you for a couple of hours. You neurotic piece of crap. Well, what are we going to do something about that? See, that's something else. If we had a real operations manager program director somebody really in charge. They take the bull on the balls by the horns, man. They personally grabbed it with house and beat the crap out of him. Gilbert Solomon and Coral Gables remind me of each of where we're hanging out and hiding. Would those 45 with those co-pilot glasses? The fat. Pomp and Oteen arrested for allegedly abusing cats. The BS. Oh, has arrested a Pomp and Oteenageer for allegedly abusing three kittens. The 13 year old boy's accused of throwing the cats in front of moving cars, banging their heads together, sliding them against the fence and a basketball backboard, and repeatedly tossing them inside a trash can according to the BS. Two other teens, females ages 14 and 16 were also taken into custody in charge with a structure of justice. BSOs abuse and neglected techives are abuse and neglected techives. Did you know they had such things? No, no. They thought they only had detectives who waited to swing clubs, right? Arrested the void of every 28th and the 600 block of Northwest 40th Street in Pomp and Oteen after a pass by spotted the Tina-beosing three small kittens and called 911. The kittens were less than nine weeks old via so reported. What kind of an asshole does something like that? Fadassel. The witness that her daughter were driving through the area and saw the teen grab on the kittens by its tail and tossing in front of a moving car. I think what she should have done was toss him in front of a moving car. And he liked that. Yeah, that was a good idea. He saw a piece of crap. The car was forced to swore when a void hitting the cat but drove on. Witnesses then saw the boy repeatedly throwing the kittens into a garbage can, bashing their heads together and slamming them against the baseball, a basketball, backboard and fence. Even I can't find any humor. This is much as I'm not a big cat lover to say to a little kittens. When mother and daughter approached the boy and pleaded from to stop the teen, you're trying to throw the kittens at them. As VSO district nine that he's arrived on the scene, the boys two older sisters ages 14 and 16, began to threaten the witnesses and were subsequently arrested for a... How do you like that? Yeah, subsequently arrested for obstructing justice. The 13 year old was also taken into custody as charged with three year felony counts of animal cruelty. I say let's throw his ass into a dumpster overnight for about a week. Follow them a lot of them. And then the sisters too, Trump all in there. That's probably a dumpster off the cliff. This was in Pompano Beach. Boy, I don't want to say it. You want me to think it? Nope. That's right. Okay, but you know what I'm thinking? I'm thinking about what I'm going to do. Okay, 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. I'm thinking out loud that's all. Just send it to the way. Right, that's correct. Look at we're looking for somebody who's at that panther game last night. Am I actually going back sometime? You think there's any? No, I don't think so. What kind of crap are you people putting out there in the guy that put the dud in Dudley? This guy is he's going to a brother. And those first couple of days they're taking polls in the newspapers. What do you think of the firing of my keen? Oh, it's great. This is just what the panther's needed. No, what they need is some players. You know, they got Lewongo and I got Stevie Weiss. Holy joking. And that's about it. That's pretty much it. The rest of my kid, Horton, Tim Horton. That's about it. Horton. Yeah, he's got a donut shop. About 100 of them. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound. It's very sad. But it's so typical. And then of course, the Marlins went and screwed everything up. I went into World Series this year. So now the suckers in Dave County are going to get kind of building the Amistadium. And at least the one good thing is they went and resigned just about everybody. They still don't want to send Pudgepack. But, you know, so they might be competitive or they probably will be. But in spite of that, when you build these buildings, at taxpayer expense, when you start rolling out money to millionaires and billionaires, it always winds up like, right in your face, man. And you have to like wipe it off with a, with a very moist towel. That. WCQAM. I can tell me your. I'm your. I'm your. Your. Your. Our facts number is 305. 650. Oh, 190. Thank you. Don't. That's an article. What do you mean? We're just getting pages and pages of the same article all day long. Well, that's not from her. She doesn't know what the facts number is. So it's a little less than her. You are really brutal. Yeah. Yeah. Why do you attack in her with the first lady call we've met in about how many years. I'm. I've been. I've been a lady call around there. We don't get any. That's for sure. And she may be. She's going to fetch you something good. Like a naked picture of her daughter or something. Oh. Yeah. 5. Josh said sent two copies. We got a cotton machine. WCQAM. Oh. Yeah. QAM. Wow. Hello. Yes sir. Okay. Haha. Haha. Haha. WCQAM. Hey come see the nail. Speaking. Hey. I'm outraged by that. If there's ever need to bring back horse weapons or Keating for people. This is it. I mean forget about community service and all they're going to go to reform school. You're talking about the cat story. Yeah. I mean well what are we talking about here. We're talking about living things. What kind of a moron do you have to be? To be doing crap like that would living things. It's just our it's just our reges and you know. Our society today just condone stuff like that. It's just unbelievable. It is. I think what we ought to do is find it fine. It's an I think everybody ought to drive up around there in the neighborhood and just, you know. It's in popular beach and stuff like that is unpopular with a. Certain organizations because they'll say well you're discriminating against me and it's slavery and. But we don't know who he we don't know who it was. We don't know for sure whether he was what the. Pigmentation was. But we do have certain suspicions. Which which is wrong because the show we have no way of knowing that why you automatically assuming that George. I don't know. Why are you of it. Well because I know the area. I know the hood. Yeah. I don't know what he was but I would like to find out. I'd like to see a picture and then of course all will have to protect the identity because their minors see. I don't buy that. I don't buy that at all. How about when we had these little kids 10 and 12 years old. A shooting people in school they didn't protect their identity. Remember right. So why don't they always have to cover the identity of kids when they do grow. Test horrendous things like that. I don't know. Tired of it. Tired of preventing protecting scumbags. That's one of the biggest problems in America. The scumbags like Michael Jackson for example. They get the old cover up and everybody else gets the shaft man to get the old foot deep inside your. Right. That's what pisses me off. Among many other things like the president on a personal level. How do you feel about the president George W. Bush? We've got 414 votes Mr. I told you this poll was electrifying tonight. Well not quite. That's pretty interesting. He's a bumbling idiot 131. I hate him like poison 109. He's a compulsive, devious liar 75. But why don't I have to put together a good poll or not? He means well but he's over his head 57. He's an honest dedicated public servant 29 and our leader like him is a regular guy, a regular. Goi 13. That's 10.1%. A's in A's in a precarious positionaries. He's in dangerous level. But under 10% Uh-oh. On a rickshaw scale. He's in danger being down there with at the, uh, what's that guy's name from more land? Oh, silly yo. That's silly guy. He's in danger being down there with a dan, uh, the silly guy from Orlando. Why? I didn't love a big horse. Bush video 560's you and you a M. How are you from Boca? It's the wonderful world of science. We're a festival. Oh, hello there boys and girls. Today we're going to line about an invisible substance incident. And it got nothing to do with fluids and juices. They don't have to worry about it. As a matter of fact, did it to me? It's a night. That's right boys and girls. It's a noble guest named Furin, Ray Noble and his Augustine. Now a two or eleven straight-off. I get more. White guilty. What a surprise. Uh... Pray tell. What brings you here? I want to lean a path. It's a noble gashim or I'm now here. Hold this tool. That don't want in my pants. I'm not going to look at your name as a soggy. You're going to my whole day. I hear you. I hear you. That sounds weird. Yeah. That's your book. I cannot hear you. A little picture before. You're going to call like that. What are you got here? A picture of potatoes. Potatoes. But what? You can make a battery out of a potato. A battery out of a potato. Yeah. I pulled on your jacket. Yeah, no, you don't. What do you think of some kind of a ruin? My mowing you can't talk to him. Alright. There. Now what are your food scores? Not working here. I thought make a wait. I poured it up my ass. I'm going to buy it. I'm going to buy it. I'm going to buy it. I'm going to buy it. I'm going to buy it. I played it again this time. I can do it this last ten seconds. Okay. Left one. Left one. You're... $0.45.50. Until noon at $0.60. I think the last few things are magnificent. I think it would have been about 90 minutes. I'm going to scale it to back and on up and do it again. $431. I could do that. I could put the disk on there. It's not in. It's already in my DCS. I don't want you around, Mr. I don't want you around like some people. I got that stuff in there. Pronto. It's in there. All the way to two tickets for prison. I don't know where to go. I already know what it's called. It's called two tickets for prison. $0.50. $0.50. $0.50. $0.50. I've got some good news though. Finally. Thank goodness. Democrats to try touchscreen voting machines with paper ballad. Maybe we might actually salvage some more real elections in this country. I'll have my doubts. An illinois company is touting a new voting machine that may allay fears in the ballot booth. A touchscreen machine that creates an accompanying paper ballad recording every vote. Oh, thank the Lord. When I make you feel a little bit better. Yeah, much. The company is seeking approval to sell machines to Florida counties. But in the meantime, Florida Democrats will try the system out this weekend at their state convention. The company, pop your legs. We'll show off as equipment at the state Democratic meeting in Orlando. That's what at the Don Schmendrick is from. What else is name? Silio. Right. Let's see. Don Guy. What is a point eight. We're all rating. I'm going to tell you, people. Are you in David Ross and at Ronna Thinkbitch? You people are crazy people, man. We had a good taste to you at Passo. A bad taste. I mean, a bad taste to everybody's. It is more on. And you know something? Passo look good compared to cheap channel. Yeah. At least he was well dispensed to money for some talent and some equipment. At least he was like a real makefully broadcast. There's a force to you people who are like makefully makefully broadcasters. Anybody can make buddy bud Passo look good. That's really got to tell you a lot about it. Populize will show off as equipment of the state Democratic meeting in Orlando. Taking the machines available for delegates in a mock election on various questions on issues that the party's interest to them. While populizes getting a form to show off as equipment, the young companies for voting machine, the Democrats are getting a form to remind voters about Passo leshing to fubilize. They claim hurt their party. No. Who wrote this on the Sun's symbol from the AP? Florida's 2000 elections for Yasko. Baday Adayani. Since then, Florida required counties to use certain mode of modern systems, eliminating the punch cards that were so malign after the 2000 election. Many large counties brought computerized touch screen machines. The vendors claim eliminate most of the mistakes that can be made. Elections. But Democrats say some voters still are confident in these systems. Partly because voters don't trust. There's anyway, especially when die bold makes them. There's anyway to check computerized votes to make sure they're counted. One thing is for sure. People across the state of Florida do not have confidence in the electoral process. Democratic party chairman Scott Maddox said Wednesday, the Republican Party is not a Republican party. Election supervised is dispute that saying the current systems, which some county spend millions on work just fine. That's what they're saying. Oh, we're fine. Very volatile. If I kept saying that too. Now she's harasses out on the street. We don't think it's necessary to have that kind of paper receipts and Ronald Lobansky lobbyists for the Florida State Association. Supervisor of elections. We don't think they would either serve any purpose other than eliminate people's paranoia. But you know, something we want to have our paranoia eliminated. It's not paranoia. We want to have our fears allayed. Everybody wants to get allayed. And we want our fears allayed. A snagged. Matter solicited voting machine companies to provide election machines to be used to the parties convention and ask if anyone provide a paper record. Poppy likes based in West Dundee, Illinois and the Chicago suburbs, said it could do that. And it's president said he Morgan Steean. Oh, I joined Maddox and demonstrating the system of news conference yesterday. Republican said Floridaans generally like the systems they use now. And it's only losing candidates who don't. I'm just concerned Democrats are trying to bring back the ghost of 2000 start to scare people. Said Jeffrey Becker executive director, the Florida Republican party Hubmond Dweird. Poppy likes would still need federal certification of a system which it's seeking before it gets data provolicell to Florida. Then, county elections supervisors could buy it if they want. Morgan Steean said the company hopes to have some in use by the 2004 election. Thank you. Good. Lord. Let me say it again. I'm going to start with the very start of the announcement. When you wake up tomorrow, there will be no more religion. Mandated. By. There. Good. Okay. Anybody. But. There's. Anybody. Find. We're shipping in fairy tales going to churches, synagogues, mosque. All of these people will be sent to get mo. Okay. And before this sniff all of those people down here in get mo. Can you imagine what it smells like there? No, thank you. Well, why do I care about this? Pompanopark will host a tannual choice for tots drive plus the rival of Santa Clause of the track Sunday the Saturday, December 13 week from the Saturday. Is that the real Santa Clause? The real Santa Clause will be there is a post of those fake ones that you see in the shopping malls. The real Santa Clause is a or wildly gentleman who bets on horses and plunges his guts out at the Pompanopark. He's also the one's rubbing Jones. You know how you know how you'll know when it's the real Santa Clause? I give up. You're. You're. Yeah, he just stick your finger like the Pillsbury Doboy right in his belly. And he goes. Any patrons or track employees that bring a new unwrap toy or make a five-dollar donation. We'll get an entry coupon for special drawings that evening. When some great prizes including vacation trip to the Bahamas. Santa Clause. You're. Well, arrive by a miniature horse lay after the first race in 705. He and where he'll greet you when you about candy cane treats. There also be free miniature horse cart rides for the kids. All the toys can cash donated will go to need each other to pop a little bit Cheerio for the upcoming holidays, especially all the kids that don't throw cats out on the highway. I find it most amusing that my good friends. The fine steam. Yeah. Dick Fineberg and Steve Wolfe are doing the Santa Clause thing. Why don't you just have to exploit everything that's scuba business? Let's see. This is from Mike. Oh, you know who this is from? This is from that Mike ox-long guy. Oh, he's got a different name to the. Could you arrange a trip for all your friends to go with you somewhere? Maybe they're Bahamas or some other fun place. No. No. I know other radio stations do this frequently. Please arrange this right after the first year. Ha ha ha ha. Yeah. Oh, brothers. Is that a hot one? Yeah. Let's go to Vegas. What do you say? Or I got a better idea even than that. Yeah. Yeah. All right. What do we arrange a trip for our audience? Yeah. We're going to get sucked into that again. Oh, not. Let's see. It says maybe the cats were Persian cats and the perpetrators were being good Americans. That's a good point. Persian cats. It was an arachatak. I assure me a lot of Persians these days ever since I racked on the hit list. Oh, really? Oh, yeah. They don't want to describe themselves as a Middle East sort of any kind or a Iraqi, which is what they really are. So they say all on Persian. Census workers shocked at an Afghanistan. He's no longer a living Persian. Kanda Harach-Ganistan suspected Taliban militants ambushed the Convoy of government census workers in South Western Afghanistan today, killing one in 1-1-11. The 60 workers were traveling in the Convoy through a phyroprovenst doing preliminary work for the country's first national census since 1979. The attacker, the attackers are waiting along the road in two cars and escaped after the assault. Five of the census workers were in serious condition. Taliban carried out the attack. The attackers were not thieves. They didn't steal anything. The assault occurred about 110 miles west of the Convoy, the capital of neighboring Convoy province. A tax by pro Taliban and pro al-Qaeda militants have increased in southern and eastern Afghanistan. I can't imagine why forcing you and a relief agencies to cut back their work there. Violence was also reported elsewhere in southern Afghanistan. I can't imagine why those attacks have increased. Can you? No. Something. Whether. This is not the catch-through. Well, this isn't that disturbing, but it's disturbing. This is from the York Daily News. The most unpopular bust of the mall. And it's pop-like. Like that kind of a sound. Just when you think you've seen these silliest of summons is here comes another bang-up ticket. Police wrote Queen's hospital worker George Polito as summons for making unreasonable noise because his son Christopher's Winnie the Pool Balloon popped on the street. Huh? Yes. True story. Is that a credible or what? I couldn't believe it. A Polito 29 of Queen's village said last that it was just a normal sized party balloon. And it was accident. You'd make more noise closing the door of a police car. You'd probably make more noise just right. Cutting some nasty cheese. Polito's tripping to the ticket twilight zone began in the city that he afternoon November 22. He took his wife Christine at 27 an accountant and since Chris 9 and Brandon 19 months to a kids birthday party at a friend's home in the neighborhood in the hood. Chris was holding a party balloon on a string as the family walked home when it suddenly got away from him at Parsons Boulevard in the 150th street. Hit the sidewalk and popped. Yeah, the balloon got away from him. He didn't even like pop-it intentional. Three cops were at the curb in a car. One of them called me over and said he was giving me a ticket polito said. This is not a joke. I'm not. He said he asked the cop. Are you serious? You're going to give me a ticket for balloon popping? Better not. I'm giving the hard looking ask me. You think popping a balloon is funny? You think that's funny? Well, I am used to. Do I am used? You think that's up and funny? At that point I just said give me the ticket whatever. Polito said. Well, it was over. My whole family was upset especially Christopher because he thought cops were going to take me to jail. How do you explain what happened to a kid when you don't understand it yourself? Police declined to come in in the case last night. Polito hopes to clear things up when he appears in Queens criminal court to enter the summons today. A rash of silly summons is made headlines earlier this year for transgression such as using multiple subway seats. Or sitting on a milk crate on the sidewalk. Well, I'll pray that woman was even ticketed for resting on the subway steps. Police Grasio consistently nodders a ticket quota. They lie just like we always get that from our good progress out there. Or there's no ticket quota. That's just the lie. Somebody made that up. Guess what? Liner. Liner liar pants on fire. Here's a fact that says an addition to your pull about George W. I hate him but not as much as more Howard David. Absolutely. You think what realizes that everyone hates him or you think he feels that it's all stick or is just a blivier stalling insults. What an asshole. It says no mole. No mole mole. And then it says then silly you will kick most ass in the rating. Now that is pretty silly. My life and law. Six or twenty five six. You will be who we have. This Dick Cheney. I like to relax by having Mary Magdalene massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour. Okay. This station presents. Braille American Hero. He'll marry King Hero. Today we salute you. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Seasonal Mall employee. You address and Santa Claus and spend all day with sticky screechage children squirming a top your own lap. Do you do it for the extra cash or because you secretly enjoy it? I don't doubt if that crown chip. You, Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Men the free, ear-pissing chaos. You pull the trigger on that pissing gun. Proving you are not afraid to get a little holiday blood on your hand. I hope that thing will stay true. Because dawning you'll rent a cup uniform and dosing in your patrol car. Instead of protecting patrons in the parking lot means you've got what it takes to me. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. So the next time you're stuck in the food court because some holiday have with can't locate the cash registers all the pickles button. Braise your finger and salute to. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. A real American Hero. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. Mr. Seasonal Mall employee. I mean, when you think that every city would have an Arizona regulation something about freezing humans, why not? Well, several council members said they would turn down the companies request again. It's a whole lot of great line. City, a councilwoman Susan Welchel said. It's a dead issue. Well, go whatever he will name is. That's going Susan. It's a dead issue. cryo genics gained a widespread on his last year when a son of baseball sluggered Ted Williams had that his body flown to the Alcor Lekord Extension Foundation facility in Arizona, where was chronically frozen. Cryonic supporters donate their bodies for freezing, or sometimes just their heads. And to believe that future scientific breakthroughs will allow doctors to bring them back to life. A regenerative youthful bodies from DNA. But critics contended is highly unlikely. My issue was primarily scientific to the city councilman David Freudanburg, who holds a bachelor's degree in chemistry. What I see them as is a quasi-hocus-pocus laboratory. Not totally-hocus-pocus, but kind of like quasi-hocus-pocus. Got the difference? Right, that's like 70% of the population. Bad news for waterdale. Bad news, man. We got tourists. No money. And a drastic move signaling a culture change in for waterdale City Hall. Commissioners agreed to purchase the payroll and scale back services to the two of the 12 million dollars for this year. 15 million for next to correct the city's financial ills. They'd be ill in the four-laterdale. Commissioners also sent signals to property owners that the years of modest tax increases may be over. And they agreed to ask voters in March to attack themselves for a $40 million bond for new fire stations. A perfect financial storm swept over this year said, city manager Alan Silva. Silva didn't read the last page of his speech, but it was stapled over the type packet. It was his resignation. Silva, who was filling in during a search for a permanent city manager, was prepared to quit. If commissioners were not in sync with him and cutting the budget immediately. From beginning to end, the meeting was full of surprise and drama. Police officers and firefighters pick it outside of the against the layoffs and then pack city hall. A few firefighters were momentarily stuck in a broken elevator. After they'd become a meeting was broken in the first few seconds of air Jim Noggerlope in the meeting. You know, him don't you? Oh yeah. When it continued to police officers marched in and parade it around commissioners table and their colleagues clap loudly. Since people only seem to be a number in the city, shouted for turn order, police union president Tom, Magnifesta, Noggerl's high school classmate, I wanted you to put a face with that number. The sergeant there arms and officer heard the key piece of the meetings was kept much easier than usual. For the next four hours, commissioners struggled and argued over what Silva would be asking them to do. Silva said he was told his was an admission impossible at the bureaucracy would stifle him and the cultural would resist change and then the commission would blink as they always had in the past, but commissioners didn't blink. In the end with an abrupt anguid decision, they agreed to uphold civil recommendations, which caused for the city's first layoffs in almost 10 years. Chief among the cusses the gutting of the police public service aid, who handled 20% of the time spent on calls. 30 will be laid off. How many? I go from being civilian employee to here to having no jobs had Susan Corey 35, a public service aid who was told two days ago she's in a loser job. As a formal acceptance of the budget amendments on December 16, the layoffs of 81 city employees can begin, that's on top of the work first reduction from vacancies another 97. Nobody's gotten no money baby for a lot of adults of tourists. But I think that Howard County arena, that's going to help all the money for Howard County. That's the ring. I'll make myself and some over to for a lot of day. I don't should think. No. Still haven't heard from anybody who was at that hockey game last night. Ha ha ha. And what is this? HGA. The new hard to detect steroid. Check out the size of cops lately. It says could be just some hard workouts in the gym. I also have guys who like cops as a matter of fact. It is so hard. Here's another facts from Kate. A lady no less. Kate says I've been following all the controversy over the touchscreen voting machines. The kind with no paper trail over sitting, including the following. Paul Kurtman wasn't a week ago. Was it wasn't it the one I read yesterday? About the paper balance. It was yesterday. I read it. Yep. Because she says about a week ago. We're pretty it was yesterday. Karen Kate. On December 3rd, the Cleveland Plain dealer reported that Ohio is sweeping review of electronic voting machines turned up so many potential security flaws in the systems that the state's top elections official is called as called off the plane. Then in March. Now, Brown County commissioners are looking to replacing our new touchscreen machines which do not provide a receipt. However, Kate says, understand they pretty much decided to stay with them as opposed to do something to make sense and cost less like optical scanners. In short, she says I predict that remember 2004, Brown general election again will be a fiasco. Was it take to get two of these people? Crap, you might as well have Catherine Harris running the show in person. She says, that's Kate, big, I'd like to listen. Isn't it amazing that we used to like have elections with them old voting machines? Yeah. But all this high-fangled technology. And then a bunch of assholes came along and decided it was much harder to fix those than it is this new way. Especially with a hanging Chads. Maybe that's kids name in Papino is Chad. You think they wanted to do the cat on the street? No, I don't know. They're like the hang in Chad in Papino. I don't think that was his name. 487 votes on a personal level. How do you feel about George W. Bush? He's a bummer in 852. I hate him like poison. 127. He's a compulsive devious liar 91. He means well, but he's in over his head 67. He's an honest dedicated public servant 32.6.5%. And I really like him. He's a regular guy 18. 3.6%. 10.1%. And everybody else 89.9%. And one way or another say, no, no, not up to it. Can't deal with it. FBI investigating hate mail center black NFL players. The player's recruiting one dolphin. The FBI's investigating hate mail center court in former black NFL players during the past year. A memo sent to players last week by the NFL security department said all the threatening letters came from the same person, according to yesterday's editions. And today's edition of the Palm Beach Post. One Miami dolphin was among the players threatened said, Stu Weinstein, the team security investigative, Weinstein declined to identify the player, but said the player was alarmed. It was a threatening later he said, African-American should be a lot of play for professional sports and shouldn't be a lot to make the money that football players make it under tenors make. Mostly it was about the danger of racial mixing in our society. Oh, yeah, it's dangerous. See, that's the American F.A.M. way again, you know. And in fact, you know, my dinner, I had two nights ago with my friends from high school, my 43rd mini reunion. Right. We're talking about the difference between the US and like European countries in here, Canada. And years and years ago, you could go to Europe in very commonplace and see like, you know, mixed racial couples, white woman black, I or the other way around walking hand in hand down the street. Nobody even battered an eye-lice. Nobody thought anything of it. And even now, even today, and of course you see that here all the time, but even today in America when you see that like, you know, somebody like an eyebrow was up in here. I'm a ruckus. Yes, a hundred dollars by the way. Well, that's not too bad in ten minutes. We got a hundred bucks which puts us over 43 grand from an earth up pizza law. I was going to her Scott Junior and quit looking at the sky. He's instiring at the moon. You want to see if it would go away. The only problem is you can't see the moon at noon, even in June, but. 43,000 and 05 were over to 43 mark as we try to march toward 50 grand for abandoned pet rescue. Anyway, going on about this, it was a threatening letter. The NFL advised players to handle such letters with care, prevent others from touching them, placed them in large envelope and turned them over to their team security representative. There have been 11 or 12 letters directed to prominent individuals throughout the US over the past two years. Special Asian Robert Hawk of the FBI's Cleveland Office told the newspaper I Wednesday. The relation to David Hawk to driver at the Northfield Downs. These later contained veiled threats they were overtures of violent love. 1213 at 5.60 WQM, I'll tell you who else we love, Halipani, the GMC but now they got a new name, Auto City Pani, GMC of Pankras, and we still love them and they love us. Our good friend Tom Lamin sold a dealership to Lomberto Perez of Auto City Bureau Pani, GMC of Homestead, but you can still expect the same great deals in customer satisfaction in your custom too, as Halip's long-time general sales manager Joe Prieto is still in charge. He's got his hands on it with a firm grip as what he's saying on the dealership too. Stop by Auto City Pani, GMC of Pankras. For great deal Rogers deals on all makes and models in stop. The average is 0% financing from the 72 months or save $9,000 with rebits and incentives right now at Auto City Pani, GMC. And the deal deals like I said continue, at 134.01.06.20 highway that's US went across from the fall shopping center open every day seven days week. If you want more info on those special deals, you know what to do. I hope I pray, you'd call the New Rogers Neal Deal Hotline tool free, at 1.385.342.11. That's 1.385.342.11. Keep in mind all these offers up to credit approval. See the folks at Auto City Pani at GMC for the tails that's the brand new and exciting. Auto City Pani at GMC of Pankras low prices without the high prices. And look all this is 4.256. 2.285. By having had the violence, the world champion base wealthy not long before the series, no fans were ever seen. Now that their chance they have the fans surrounding them like rats, who went to sell a ring tower, one refund for their husbands. They're just crumpling four days. Crumpling four days, crumpling four days, crumpling four days, crumpling four days. Yeah they're just crumpling four days. Crumpling four days, crumpling four days. Oh, give a crap about the one. My army brings some deep in about him, I'll swear. But all around the boring town where no one really cares. Poor whole that thing in interest in supporting their hunting. We'll call it for a radio to get their tickets for because they're just for planning parties. But building full means. Sure way is 12.18 of course I am home now. I got your beat on that. Yeah. I don't have to go home when I'm here because I am home. There ain't no place like home. It's sunny. It's beautiful man. Let's give a letter to me for podcast and no balls. It's sunny at a temperature right now is can that be right? Four. That's 40. It wasn't supposed to make no four today. It's sunny at a 40 man. I'll take that a day. They won't too toasty. Sure. It's a beautiful thing. Pastor and twin I'm trial and Bible beating. I want to hear somebody that was at the panther game in the last night. I got a million stories here in the United City. I know you're like this one. WVQAM. Yes sir. You know what happened this morning? What's that? With the beast? No. I guess Mo Howard? No, he did not. Oh man. Somebody asked the beast to do something and he declined it. And then Joel Rowe asked him why did he decline it. Like he ate Mo Howard. Yeah. Did you hear about that? Like I said the circles you're continues over there in little Havana. Maybe that's in Halea where all the money people are. Those kids can be in Halea. They at least look good. That good guy. Did you hear about that George? No. About the beast in a city hates Mo Howard. David. Did you like poison? No. No. I missed that. Oh. 567. 560. 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. For a look at this responses, this is incredible or what? That's just line 696. That'll work. Q.A.M. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. Hey. Right going to up to the Panhandle. Would you believe you want to know about the dumbing of America? Go ahead Bob. About a week or so ago we got on our test field 26,000 pound bomb. That was getting tested. And they took my kids out of Grandma's school and spent a whole day out in New York, waiting for the BANG, and the Mushroom Cloud. Oh. Beauty. All the games. And then yesterday in our paper. Everybody that dies create a couple of guys get killed from the home of our fields, which is right down the road from here Everybody that dies is a hero in the town and not to take away from their service or whatever I wouldn't call them heroes. I call them victims Victims is the optimum word, but they celebrate everything in one of them and These kids that are growing up around here just think that Clouds have smoked from the bomb is an exciting and positive thing. There's an other beautiful thing Yeah, it's kind of strange. I'll see it to border Bob Take care man. Okay. You'll see him at the Niagara Falls right at the border I think it's gonna be a long line pretty soon Yeah, better space. Well, these great robbers fixed that next election I don't think they're gonna have to fix it. I think they got it. Oh, don't say that Neil Throw the towel. We got a year to go. I'm not throwing it in the towel, but I'm just I'm expressing honestly I don't I don't see any The kind of anger the kind of outrage the kind of psychosis that they're ought to be I mean the Democratic party is as dead as a dornio. How would you see it? Where would you see it? You'd see it for example the way they have the Medicare bill in Congress the way that a whole bunch of Including Susan Feinstein. I die in the Diane Susan Feinstein rolled over and played dead along with several others. I think it would nine Democrats Help put that fee ask go through everything he does now the timber industry is a robin our hands together After this forest rethink you signed yesterday Everything that this administration does is for the betterment of big business. That's all did you see the name of the bill Jeff the forest bill the healthy forests act. I thought it was the Jeff de Forest bill. Yeah They're gonna deforest the America. Yeah Just another scam for the goddamn timber industry. That's all it was. You'll have to cut a tree down it last forever Yeah, and you can make a lot of paper and send a lot of taxes and a public sits back Would look like that nothing phases them markets up again today that means you kind of must be coming back big time All right, everything is wonderful man and In effect at all these people are dying every day. It's just I mean for get about it They're just numbers now that's all it is and they know more just numbers Two today three tomorrow couple on this day Then we have a bad day and there's like 17 that one Saturday and not to mention of course all the other innocent pain in the as biestanders were dying to Yeah, but they're as part of the war on terror right Come over here. It is it's just it's mind blowing in unless unless you just totally close your mind It's almost impossible to ignore how many stupid stupid people there can be out there It's just amazing How people can buy into it. You tell them you tell them hey listen We got some bum information there were no weapons of mass destruction there were no chemical or biological weapons There was no connection between Al Qaeda and Sotama he did each other like poison It was all a big big lie or it was just incompetent and best and a lie probably more likely and they still don't care Oh, but we have the great liberation of the Iraqi people operation Iraqi freedom and the media to play in the you know stars and stripes forever And God bless America and a public is goose stepping along and you and you wonder why that what happened in Germany happened? I wonder no you're seeing a happen run your front of your face Air-reestingals think a day And you ask those in the media man you're 80% of the problem, okay? You can blame the bush mice during a religious right and the chicken hawks and all these people But you you people have enabled them to do this you ask holes in the media And how short their memories are man? How they even like Dan rather well. I'm an American after all. You know, I don't pretend to be impartial Well, it's an accurate I guess he forgot about Vietnam too already When they brought the 58,000 kids home and body bags for no god damn good reason at all not to mention of course the millions of people who died Right Dependent the S. Vice-standard. They were goose who cares. Yeah, that's right. There's a whole bunch of them anyway They'll make more What did I tell you when you have a country where the more human life is devalued it extent of it isn't the United States today It can't possibly be a great country anymore used to be once upon a time in America But it sure is how there's no mole and That's why that's why the United States has hated around a world and Bush has hated especially around a world by people God and I can be a little bit bigger than your average your redneck And that's why that like somebody said then they will fear you and they they do fear they fear like crazy They're scared shrimpless what kind of maniacal thing they're gonna do next And keep in mind he's only the face man That's that's what he was worse because he don't even have a good face him at least if he looked confident if he was like made a good appearance A good bell off a girl. You know like it's always Gaza something like that But he doesn't even do that like Ronnie Reagan did for example Yeah, like Reagan with a polished but a shoe polish hair right, but instead it comes down there What is here like all must up like Greg Reed and he's got the same beef bubble look on his face is Greg Reed. I think George Bush is Greg Reed. You ever seem together No Look how great screwed up our morning show. I rest till try to read the dresser and that's true. He's a snappy dresser I think great belongs in the dresser 1226 at 560 WQM. It's the most wonderful time of the year. That's what Andy Williams is to sing Hi, I don't Andy. He's still live by the way. It looks really bad. Yeah But it's not wonderful if you hit the crowded malls and the long register lines and all the traffic and then the parking hassles when you get where you're going So make your gift giving a little easier this year for you and your loved one a gift certificate from our good close personal pyzons at dialometres Call them right now 1-800 mattress and give them the gift that will be thanking you for your in and your out dialometres got gifts certificates in any Denomination and a new bed for the master bedroom makes a perfect gift you'll both enjoy for years at dialometres no phony promises No bait and swish just discount prices every day in a brand name. You know when trust and love now including Stearns of an antifoster in fact dialometres has got the lowest prices anywhere on Stearns and foster you it when you call dialometres at 1-800 mattress you pick the day and for that time for delivery to lies, you know and you to our window seven days a week When it's convenient for you when you're gonna be home and guess what they show up anytime between 8th morning and 10th night like noon to 2-1-3-2-4-3-14-514 Honestyles practice is fantastic every day. A low prices unbeatable service same day delivery and free set up and removal all of these things Make it easy to understand by dialometres is ranked the best in the world of customer satisfaction So for service like you dream about do what all of us at QMR doing now call dialometres and you'll sleep like a baby for years to come call 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATT-RES for the bedding experts or online your fight a bit mattress dot com happy holidays for all your pyzons at dialometres excelsis is buy sixty three of your QAM While I was living in a dark, thin tree and racial hate, I was living in your... I was living in a state of fear. I was living in a state of fear. But we like about the best type of a voice, and where the rest of the state of fear is in your... I was living in a state of fear. I was living in a state of fear. I was living in a state of fear. We had a little respect for women. Drive a cab to make a living fine. We could get better than yours. And I agree as an individual. We could get a religion. My religion's got a better religion. Are you sure? To Bahabra, who could go to the slatter, take the dog and go to my religion's better than yours? I'm religion's better than yours. I'm religion's better than yours. We were 20, 10 feet tall, and never ever paid me down. Primary religion's better than yours. Please. My religion's better than yours. We're living in a state of fear. And my religion's better than yours. We not enforce a father, you like over-blessed, you are a real, mighty religion's better than yours. But we're just better than yours, we're religion's, my religion's better than yours. We were chosen by our bikes and getting very lots of wives. My religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours. We're living in a state of fear. Yes. We don't want to use our favor. My Muslim being don't parade. My religion's better than yours. Haster and Twin on trial and Bible, beating a 12 year old testified Wednesday in Austin, Texas that he was severely beaten with a tree branch by church pastor, and the pastors Twin brother to get the devil out of him because he had misbehaved during Bible class. Joshua and Caleb Thompson both 23 are accused of a 2002 beating, which police say was so severe that the boys kidneys failed any required of blood transfusion. The Thompson's face felony charges of Syrians in Gidewachal and aggravated assault with penalties ranging from probation to life and prison of convicted. Louis Guerrero 11 years old at the time was the first witness as the troublemaker in yesterday. He said after teachers complaining he had been goofing up during Bible class, pastor Joshua Thompson took him to Caleb Thompson's home where he was beaten with a branch from a tree in the yard. He said during the beating, Joshua Thompson called his brother who came to help hold Guerrero down. I thought that was father or two usually did. But these were half-law father flanked and was servicing him. At one point the boy said he was told to pick up the pieces of the tree branch that broke during the beating. He said the beating resumed after one of the brothers got a new stick. It hurt. I was trying to move away Guerrero said he said stay still. During opening arguments Travis County prosecutor Dana Blazy told jurors that beating lasted more than an hour and came the day after confrontation occurred between Joshua Thompson's wife and the boys mother. Oh, after the beating Thompson dropped the boy off of the somentold Guerrero stepfather, the child has the devil in him. The prosecutor said that child has the devil in him. Joshua Thompson's attorney jury goldstein. Oh no! So I'm embarrassed to be Jewish. I really am. I mean, I don't want to say it. Joshua Thompson's attorney jury goldstein acknowledged that his client hit Guerrero with a switch from a tree in that he suffered injuries. But goldstein said the boy's parents practice similar forms of punishment and an asked the Thompson's to discipline their child. He said expert testimonies would show the injuries to the boys kidneys could not have come from a tree branch or a stick. Right, shame on you, Cox a hoist, Mr. Goldstein. Oh, brother. Wow. Pennsylvania priest found guilty of assault. Oh, you know, you need to have to look hard to find these every day. I mean, we haven't slipping. I've been slipping because they're busy taking too many calls like this one. I'm lying to Q. I am. See what I mean? Cox a hoist pal. But I was Mr. Goldstein. Pennsylvania priest is found guilty of assault. Lebanon, P.A. a Serbian Orthodox priest accused. I can't stand them Serbian Orthodoxes. Funny hats. A accused of pulling a gun on the counsel president of the church where he had presented 15 years. He's been convicted of assault and reckless endangerment. However, all wait till we get to this name. Oh, man. What you can't see it. You have can see the piece of paper. So I can see whatever I want. A jury found the Reverend Philippe. You know that? Innocent. Well, that's got 100 letters in them, okay? Innocent charges of terrorist threats and unlawful restraints stemming from a fight that both men testified was over who would control church business. Church business. How do you like that? They got into a badly pulled a gun. Church of business. Comily known as monkey business. Mr. Who was relieved of his pastoral duties after the December 9th, 2000 to argument the Church of the Holy Resurrection of Christ in Lebanon. Showed no emotion as the verdict was read on Tuesday. He faces six months to two years in jail on each of the two charges, sentencing was sent from February the 2th. Mr. Wu 55 declined to come and after the verdict. I think there's a whole lot going on that hasn't been brought out to his lawyer Patrick M. Reb. Reb said there was a power struggle in the church and that the church board asked his client to resign. Council members have said that the dispute was fueled by tension between older American board members and younger immigrants who joined more recently. Another cox of times and another church, the Church of the Holy Resurrection of Christ in Lebanon to a. There you go, all we can say is, Oye! Cox of Hoys. Boston Arts Dicees puts Manson on a market. I mean, it's just the hits that's keep on coming. The Schmitches keeps on coming. The Roman Catholic Arts Dicees of Boston is put the arts bishops mansion. One of the symbols of its prosperity on the market to help pay for. And by the way, on you starving bastards down there at Latin American all over the world who made all those babies because the church told you to do it. Surprise! Surprise! They didn't tell you the whole story. They didn't tell you the best part. All you people around the world that are suffering from AIDS and other horrendous diseases because the church of O'Kanams are a sinful. Surprise! They didn't tell you the rest of the story. See, the religious people are the truly ignorant people. You don't understand that. Of course I do. Superstition. Well, be a poggie. Right. Like that. You gotta be stupid to believe stupid crap. To believe ridiculous garbage like that. Like somebody came down on a cross. Somebody died on a cross. Somebody was born a virgin birth which they've told that same story for centuries until they finally sold it. You know? It's like right in the same book or making the same movie over and over again. All of a sudden it's a hit. That's a freaking hit. It's stuck. Yeah. It threw some crap against the wall on this time. It's stuck instead of sliding off like it usually did. Got crucified on a cross so that anybody who believed these growth tests six and this thing theory tells would have eternal life. What are we talking about now? You people crazy? You're right. It's a total life. Maybe sign up there. Right. That's right. Garrantine. And you're gonna go to those pearly gates man and you're gonna have to face the Lord. Of course you win on how you're gonna see him because you don't have no body. You have no eyes. You have no ears. You have no heart. You have no brain. Of course a lot of who at the brain part. Well, they gotta head start. That's the head start program. What foolishness? What? What? Man has a soul. Well, let me ask you did dogs write that? Oh, horses? No. A cattle? No. Uh, Afghan hounds? No. Cats? No. No. What a surprise? Men wrote that. Five men? Four men. Not for women, by the way. Certainly not for animals. Because the animals are put here for our amusement by the Lord. And food and labor. And don't forget the mosquitoes. Like the wind and the spiders. And the snakes. Nothing like one of them nasty serpents once it gets loose. Yeah. The Roman Catholic Archdiocese, well, the church has a problem with them. Slippery serpents. Abostom has put the Archbishop's mansion. One of these symbols of its prosperity on a market delpeir for an $85 million settlement with victims of clergy sex abuse, a church official said. I mean, this is just... There's no fact in the church. A astonishing. And they've only scratched the tip of the iceberg, believe me. The church will sell the opulent mansion on its bright and grounds, as well as more than 27 acres of surrounding land, according to the Reverend Christopher Coin, a church spokesman. The sale doesn't include the chance to read which houses Archdiocese in offices or St. John's Seeminal Seminary. The Stately Three-Stray Mansion built in the 20s has been used as residents by the last four Archbishop's, but new Archbishop Sean Peo Mali. And I'll shortly after his installation in July, he wouldn't live in a building. While Mali moved to a south end apartment behind the cathedral of the Holy Cross. Not to be confused with the cathedral of the Holy Cow. The mansion in land was recently as said, but that's a wrong religion, O'innah, the Holy Cow. That's it. Oh boy. I mean, why even said, the mansion in land was recently as said in the $14 million barilisade express that land could fetch up to 20 million. Fetch. The seller of the residence, helpful for when he does have a collar. Right? Right? Backward. Who's thinking he responds when they say fetch? The sale of the residence, helpful for L. Mali's promised that no collection play money will be used to pay for the record settlement. Instead, L. Mali presented a plan to the Archdiocese in finance, council, yesterday in which the church would take out short-term loans to fund a settlement and then pay back the lenders with proceeds from the sale of the bright and property and insurance money. Boston College, a Jesuit university located across the street from the chance to be interested in purchasing the property spokesman Jack Dunn said. And it goes on. And on. Robert McLean, Jr. Lair, Frondens of V. Srickham said, I think it's a really good move by the Archbishop. When Cardinal Law was here, he was living in a beautiful residence while so many people were suffering. Just like the Pope was living in that beautiful residence and so many people are suffering. Just like Sister Gene was living in that beautiful residence, while so many poor slippers are suffering. Just like Jim and Tanny Faye were living in their popular residence, while so many slippers were suffering and paying for condos that had been built yet never were going to be. Yeah, but you call these yet and something. Yeah. Shut up. And it's a good task for you, business. All you people out there want to go to a nice business work for yourself. A sucker is born every second. Now how are we doing out there at the pizza loft? You got to aim reports from Scott? Not lately. Well, what does that mean? I don't know. Holy me there. It's a tour clock. I've got you. Howard, you can go out there and see how freaky he is for yourself. Believe you me. You'll be stirred off into space making gutterable sounds? Write an a parking lot from the world-faming pizza loft on university drive behind peer-win imports now till two for a great cause of abandoned pet rescue. Father O'Tool, guys. My teeth are shy. I tell all the girls they can kiss my honey. Here I am at the famous school. I'm breathin' sharp and I'm acting new. I got a cheerlead of here once they help with my pain. Well, better do all the work and maybe leave it all me. The world got I am the American dream. I do not think out to extreme without my hands on some of the pitch. I'm going to jail for the job that we were in. Women's whever nation's gain free from all the cross-permation. I tell you people, I was not ready. I'm a fucking business night by the name of pleasure. So me they'll just pinch them. All you drive the magic say round. She had the ball in the face but she left the pit. I guess it's still the bottom but now it's too duplink. Oh God I am the American dream. But now I smell like bad for me. I know I miss the bottom of a pitch. Am I a horror-a-layer? I don't know which. I want the one, the one, the one, the one. So what went out and bought me a laser suit? I jingle my chains but I'm still kind of cute. Got a job doing radio come home. And none of the Josh's can even tell I'm a horror-a-layer. I'm a human and she's being a friend. So I drifted along and said, I can sing about an hour on the tower of power. Along as I guess, so it'll go to the child with a bow. I am the American dream. Where the shit will up my butt till it makes me squeak. And I'm the man in the name to get ahead. I'll lay awake night, see you, thank you, friend. Oh God, oh God, I'm so fantastic. Thanks to ready, I'm essential, fantastic in my name is Bobby Brown. Watch me now. Oh, who does it? And my name is Bobby Brown. Watch me now. Oh, who is that? And my name is Bobby Brown. Watch me now. Who is that? Here's a fact that inspired me to play that. It says, don't know if you were aware of it. No, I was not. Did we were of it? No. 10th anniversary to the French zap is tragic death. Has it tribute would you please play a few songs? A few of the songs, well there's one. Fill in us, let me mudgate. There you go, Phil, turn him on, God. So I want that we have this got here appropriate bleaks in it. Got some good news here from moveon.org. Got my email today, maybe some other people out there got it as well. See, we have some great news weeks of on the ground testing. I've shown that our $87 billion TV ads have successfully gets to the truth out about President Bush and his policies. And West Virginia where we ran the ad, there was an impressive 4% drop in support for Bush. And Ohio where no ad ran little changed. Even experts who have been in this field for years were blown away. So today we're launching our first really big moveon footer of voter fund ad buy. We're putting the $87 billion ad to work in several key swing states. Putting up close to $2 million to make sure that every TV view or in these states sees the admulphable times, probably even more times than we've seen at Guy and the thing, we'll get pounded on by the cops. With a result so far we know that this ad ad buy will have a measurable impact. Now please help us contribute to the fund this effort by giving 25-50 or 100 bucks whatever you can. Remember every $2 you contribute will be matched by another dollar from our major contributors. You can watch the $87 billion ad in contributed right now at and then it's got my credit card or my check websites. Moveonvoterfund.org. Got it? Got it. In the ad we ask if there's money for Iraq, why isn't there money for America? At the time when schools are being closed prescription drugs are unaffordable for many Americans. And even place an emergency first responders don't have the funding they need. The message clearly hits home. To our knowledge no one's ever run an ad, this deep so far before an election, but together we have an opportunity to shape the Plurcola landscape now before President Bush and Democratic candidates start attacking each other on TV and the voters tune out. Our purpose is not to tell voters how to vote, but to educate them about Bush's policies and let them decide our test show that the ads are working. This campaign is a great example of how we'll get our message through by being number, by being empirical, by being more strategic and by speaking the truth. Our purpose is not to tell voters how to vote, but to Yadiyati. There you go. Moveon.org. Everybody in Yadiyati inside of be on a right now there to be hopping on it. And also coming up with some cash. After the show I'm going to click on it again and send a send a thing. I'll make. And George will too. Well, he's thinking about it. How are we doing out there at the pizza loft? Well we called Scott and he said he would count the money and call us back. So we got more than 100. Yeah, we're over 100. Oh man, where did he come from? Where are they hiding at ship? I don't know. Here's Peter who says, I'm sitting here with my voting card in my hand waiting for a democratic candidate to put their balls on the table and show some sort of outrage toward our current administration. The media spend months blabbing about Clinton as a cigar fist you not owe and now the public hears nothing about Bush's lives and lies for oil banner. Where are the WMDs? Where's Osama? How about who's saying? Oh, and by the way, the wonderful Medicare reformer that passed will put me in my small little pharmacy out of business in a couple of years. Make some room for me and tomorrow's his Peter. Okay, Peter, come on up. See at the border. It's a tall order. Charles and their field beats says. Statistically, oh, this is about the kid would have can't. Which everybody's really pissed off and foaming the mouth about. Statistics from law enforcement psychologists, nephew, the I Profiler show that the vast majority of Syria serial killers all started out all. Started out torturing and killing animals before stalking bigger game. I know that's true with Ted Bundy. Yes. But you can bet your sweet rosy ass that this piece of garbage in his two slutty friends who were arrested for torturing helpless kittens will only be given counseling instead of the harsh punishment they deserve. I say anyone who abuses a child or an animal is an obvious threat to society. And since over half the American public, most of which don't have two random brain cells left to rub together seems to be in kind of a down with people preemptive strike mood. I say let's squash these bastards before they end up on a front page of the paper. I want to make them the press gives him like a green river killer. Of course, as the traitorous SOB Dennis Miller used to say, that's just my opinion I could be running. Are you not wrong, Charles and their field beats? When it doubt, take them out and put them put them away somewhere. I don't mean take them out literally. Do I well? PS I did fascist it about the Indian test pen and I promised not to turn the chronic I know too late. Are you okay, Charles? Yeah. Too good. Relax, I'll back to back side by each. Just don't do it again too soon. Right out of the Dennis Miller too. Oh, piece of crap. Pesas Tird. Nazi. Bastard. Girlfriend by boyfriends Tonga. Which attack canes as young lovers can sometimes lose their heads, but a young man in which to tell us part of his tongue police said. Police were called to a loud fight about 9pm Monday night at the home on the east side of the state's largest city, which at all. Officers gave this report after the argument of boyfriend try to give the girl friend a make-up kiss. Instead, she bit off a large part of his tongue. Police recovered the peace and it was reattached at which at all hospital. How do you like that? They're good. Recovered his peace. What look will happen if it was small? Absolutely. They could have tried to reattach his peace. The young woman faces charges of aggravated battery, police at the boyfriend faces simple battery charges. I see. Bishops to pressure Catholic politicians. Ha ha ha. Oh man. It just never stops. It never, never, ever stops. But let's get a whole bunch of great calls in here. What do you say? How's that pull coming on a personal level? How do you feel about President George W. Bush? 581 votes. He's a bumming idiot, 179. I hate him like poison 156. He's a compulsive devious liar 107. He means well, but he's over his head 79. He's an honest dedicated public servant 38. And I really like him. He's a regular guy, a regular guy. 22. So he had those lines to categories together. He got 10.5% making a little bit of a comeback there. And that's going W. Move it up a little bit in the world 10 and a half percent. Oh, wait a minute. Line one is working again. Can that be true? Maybe. Did fix it? Fix it? Yeah. For now. WQIM? A. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Pretty good. Hey, how was that? Montreal, the last summer? Yeah. Pretty good. It was pretty good, city. Yeah? Yeah, you know, it was pretty clean. It is clean. Yeah. Yeah. You're right. He got so really ugly though. Everybody there is ugly. I think it's a pretty hot. And he goes out number guys, the two to one. I saw only two hot-looking young women in a whole city. And all of us do the people look like they're like I said like the spaceship landed. Yeah. And then we're going to be the we're hiding underground. I think it's under our car station. It could be. All right. Thank you. Don't go to Montreal for Celestial. I mean, I'm not saying when you go somewhere to people have to all be really hot-looking. But you don't want to go to a place where everybody's ugly. You can sit and look at a mirror for that. God. Jesus, K Christ. Oh, there he goes again. And he even bashed her that 80% of a bitch. See nobody wants to free up their brain. This is the problem in America because America of all the West United countries you do understand is by far and away the most religious. Oh, yeah. Oh, no. Yeah. Yeah. And that's one of the big problems because when you bind to the fairy tales it takes away your ability to reason and think for yourself. When you buy the bubble mice that they take it when you're a little kid, the Santa Claus stuff and the God stuff and the two furry stuff. Well, by the way, it's almost Christmas. There's no Santa Claus. We don't want to spoil anybody's fun. But you know, any holiday that's based on a series of lies is probably not a good idea. No, it's not. WDQ, I am. All right. I like to give you guys some breaking news on this President Bush, basically Iraq. Yes. Breaking news. Breaking news. Yes. MSNBC. Just now. Yeah. The, yeah. They just reported that the Turkey that President Bush was holding was actually fake. And it was, and a lot of the food that they, that they said they sure. So I hear the story on an hour ago, but thanks very much for your broken news. We had the story. Well, first of all, wasn't a fake turkey. It was a stunt turkey. See, there's a different rate. I already had that answer. Thank you so very much. But there's usual MSNBC a day late in the Turkey short. And nobody's watching. Oh, you know what I want to play? Because I haven't played it yet. I got to play it. I miss this. So boring. What's better than a live radio show every morning. TV? Well, just about anything. But that hasn't stopped MSNBC from teaning up with radio's original bad boy. Who now looks like an SDL radio. Listen, Bernie. I'm a sell-in interness, coffee's soft. Yes, every morning. See, I miss listening to a tape above their people's carotivists. Live on the air. I did a hammer to buy the bill as muffin. Just a little bit of a question on play. I guess. See, his wild behind the scenes. And it's. I also made a bit of a tie-up that I'm an annual walrus cook-o-co-co-catchoon. I've got to make some fresh coffee or your fire. I miss. He's irreverent. So, what's the deal with the ball? He's incoherent. I'll tell you why that's a double-meters. What does it matter? He's incoherent. I'll tell you why that's a double-meters. What does it matter? He's. I miss them. He's going all the way. And he's only on MSNBC. I take a channel. Nobody watches. And a bunch of AM radio stations. Nobody listens to. And then somebody gets some fresh jingles. It's Iris. I'll take a whole thing for sure. No matter what was on that platter. There were at least two turkeys in MS Hall. Follow. Follows against. 5-6-7. We haven't heard from anybody who was at that panther. Ottawa to block the last night. Tell us how many people really were there at the Macarena. Even though it was paper. I mean, you people in the NHL. You can keep lying to make it up these numbers all you want. That doesn't make it so. And doesn't bring in any revenue. Kind of like a psychological game there playing. Oh, if we tell them a whole bunch of people really were there, then they'll want to come and see it too. Rye. WQAM. What's up, Neil? Yes, sir. Did you... Did you... Did you... Did you... I don't have no idea. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. Okay, good call. WQAM. Hello. Rye. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. Hello. Okay. Like I said, we put a little bit too much pressure on these people. They're starting to crumble now. Can't handle it. WQAM. Hello? Yes, sir. Is it forever to talk to Neil? Is it forever? And today? Does it take forever? No, you're talking to him right now. You can't get any quicker than that. Oh, Neil, please. Yes, sir. You've got... I heard you're on this bit. And I... I don't... I know you don't listen to Howard, but this morning, apparently, I missed what's Colin Howard is... Bits your something? Yeah. So he's been... That's not what he's done. He's been... That's not what he's done. No, Howard's done. But he's your one. Either one. But, uh, anyway, Stern, that is, you know, one of his guys get him on the line. And he was... Stern was random. And Rye, but I'm going to expose this guy. I'm going to finish him. He gets him on the line. He starts saying stuff about his daughter. I have no idea what it was. What the story is. And... So I'm just sitting there and all of a sudden he just goes, shut up. And he hangs up. And that was it. He's a real man, a real man, that was it. Oh, yeah, you can tell that. A real dead man, and a chair. Thanks for the good news, Pally. All right, bye. See you. Well, I was short and sweet into the point. Good. Anything bad that happens to I'm as we like because first of all he's a right-wing asshole. Even though Howard the Stern mice do even though he kind of sucked around during all this a rat crab. But I miss his just a nasty, crumart in a sour piece of crap. And old man in the chair. Let fit his perfect. Perfect. How's the numbers coming over there? Scott has he still counted? He hasn't called back. He's still measuring it. He's still measuring it. I can't hold it. That's just his sports winning advice. He's got the two way in. The wildest New Hour. Would you like to become a sports cover commentator on client-time television? Then why not enroll in the Dennis Miller School of Broadcasting? Okay, play, let's start at square one. It's not a ball. It's a pink skin, okay? It's not a play field. It's a gridiron. I never ever called him a crowd when you can refer to them as a teaming multitude of kinetic and fizziness. Okay. At the Dennis Miller School of Broadcasting, learn how to fill time between plays with spontaneous down-to-worth batter to which the working neck can easily relate. Okay, class. Repeat after me. Here we go. I haven't seen blocking like that since the capital received Winston-President. The Vennation. I haven't seen blocking like that since the Dennis Miller School of Broadcasting. Dennis Miller himself will teach you how to construct the entire sentence is using nothing but made-up words. Man, now. When an obstinate-tacious male-prism of unfululated nine-id-six. So if you were a fan of such legendary sportscasters as John Matten, Terry Bradshaw, and John Meredith, then you should attend the Dennis Miller School of Broadcasting and become nothing like that. I've poked some Dennis Miller reminding you that classes would start this week. Well, I have you on the air making references to the House of Planned Taginit, just six licks. The Dennis Miller School of Broadcasting in World Today, before Dennis is unceremoniously fired at the embassy. He's an asshole. Hey man. 101-560 WCM. Is this the president here doing the cheerleading? Yes it is. How do you like that? A young George WC boy cheerleading football game. Bring him on. Bring him on. He doesn't have the cowboy head on, that's why he really needs. Five hundred. Let's see a couple of pools. Here's an interesting one right now from the Fudge Report. You're like this. Hey, MSNBC right now. Rush Limbaugh admits data attorneys have seized his medical records. Oh no. Rush Limbaugh became addicted to a prescription of the ground investigation. Rush Limbaugh became addicted to a prescription drug during legitimate medical treatment. He, I publicly admitted this problem and has successfully sought treatment, which continues to this day. We will not speculate on why the State Attorney's Office is handling Mr. Limbaugh's case the way it is. But what should be a responsible investigation? I love the law. I love the law. Let's go back. I've been following this case. A couple of questions. I love the law. Rush Limbaugh had to say did he talk at all perhaps about the timing? I'm not going to talk about the law. That was a challenge of a statement. He had been targeting there. But sure about the political matters and the human back to the head of the city. He wrote the statement twice. And unless he's saying anything else now, I believe that I would say the timing of it. But the timing is. Well, that's Ms. Mark Potter from a West Palm Beach reporting. And he has said the attorneys are just putting out the secret from his doctor. Obviously. But the Palm Beach State Attorney's, do we know how extensive their investigation is? I've been read to the leave by talking to sources over the last two weeks that they are taking this investigation. Very seriously. They're doing this competency. They're doing it slowly. No, no, no, no, no, no. It's insurance for the political pressures that might be in there. Which you are looking at a somebody, the reputation that the school member has. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. They're just collecting. Well, there you go. That's a good news. Okay. Record sees from four of Limbaugh's doctors as the Palm Beach County, the investigation goes on. You ain't seen nothing yet. You'll see. Yeah, I'll see. I'm going to go right right out. I shouldn't say that. And see if the new inquiries are because as soon as that inquire comes out, you know it's going to be like another bomb. So I'm going to drop you and smell it. And nothing's going to happen. You think? I know. I think he's going to get just as much punishment as Michael Jackson. And OJ. N.O.J. None. $500 by the way. $500. That's not too good. We'll take it. But that's in the first hour, which means that we didn't end the 500 this hour, but it repeats a lot for you to do a thousand. That would be a not too all I've been because everybody this year is just belly aching about having a tough time racing money for charity. And we won't be happy with 50 grand for a band of pair rescue. It's about half what we hope for, but it's, you know, it'll help. And they'll be very grateful for it. I guarantee you then. By the way, I just want to go and record that I smell poison gas. So if I should fall over, I just want that out there. I'm going to go and get poison gas. I'm going to be most back tipped over in the other studio. You don't have parents going to check it out. I can't think of anybody else. Dean increases lead as Clark challenges carry for second place among Democrats in New Hampshire. Here's the latest poll from his fudge from the American research group. Receiving a boost from registered Democrats from our former Governor Howard Dean has increased his lead in ballot preference among likely Democratic voters in the New Hampshire Democratic presidential preference primary according to the latest New Hampshire poll. Way to dear the lead. Dean has got 45% John Kerry 13% that's a 32 point lead. And West Clark's got 11% General West Alexis Dilly and who had a Jewish father. Ballet preferences for the six other major candidates remain in single digits. Do you want to know what they are? Okay. Carol Mostly Brown has got. Oh. Okay. John Edwards 3. Dick Gabhart 5% of New Hampshire voters like Dick. Then as Cassinutes has got 2% Julie Roman 5% keep in mind Julie ruins from Connecticut, which is right down to Hershey Highway from New Hampshire only 5%. Al Sharpton 1% up from his previous few months on the side of 15%. Ready for that? Okay. These are likely Democratic primary voters. And then it's got a little goes all the way back to the part of this goes on and on and asking about vera awareness and favorability favorable on favorable. All of these are the things. This goes on pages and pages. Thanks a lot, Miss Pudge. You piece of crap. You self-hating little muddy cone. What a silly hat. And a gigantic ball spot. Another pool. A growing number of Americans 7 and 10. That sounds like 70% to me if my math is correct. Doesn't think the word in Iraq has reduced the threat of terrorism. Quite a whole lot yesterday. So it says USA today. Yesterday. Fewer than half felt that way in April during the war. President Bush and members of the administration frequently say the efforts in Iraq are central to winning the war on terror. The poll by the program on international policy attitudes at the University of Maryland also found strong support 71% for the United Nations to take the lead in helping establish a stable government in Iraq that's up from half will felt that way in April. Despite apparent uneasiness with this country's military presence in Iraq two-thirds of the country, the United Nations in Iraq two-thirds said they don't take US troops should withdraw unless until there's a stable government that's down 14 points from April. So there you go. As we're in a catch 22 man, he got us in a bind and a quagmire and we have no way out. But they'll find a way out before election time. You can bet Clarence's life on that. Okay. You got my permission. 560560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless lines still searching for one Panther fan or auto-off fan was at that game at the Mcerwin the last night and a crowd you could have put in your living room and have room after all left over to Chinese Army. WQAM. Sure. Let me talk to Neil. WQAM. Fadeale. Yes sir. I go ask you. Are you serious about giving $50,000 to a band of power rescue? I bet you're pardon? Is this Neil Rogers? Yes. Are you serious about giving $50,000 to a band of power rescue? I don't understand the question. That's going to be our total. That's what we're hoping for. Why? I can't give that to a band of power rescue, right? Yeah. Say, well, more to her. Why don't you give it to a worthy charity. That's like Bush giving the 87 billion dollars. Okay, great. Schmuck. More on. Ascle. Maybe I like dogs better than I like you. I mean, no contest, is there? No. A lot better. And they probably got bigger brain than you do. 560 and by the way, how much has this guy given? Oh, big old. Okay. He's always having excuse. Oh, it always has been. Oh, it was a two controversial. It was planned parenthood. I was sent a one. Oh, that's a fact thing. You know, or it was the only time it was never controversial was commitel house. And I really regret that we ever raised a dime for them. I was thinking about it yesterday. And not only we raised probably over a million dollars for them over the years. But we also got the one of the dealerships to donate that station wagon. Remember that? I was thinking of the other day too. What a coincidence. So that one of the priest over there could probably drive around him. Little boys around town. The altar boys. So I could deliver him right to the archbishop or something like that. So I regret having ever raised a dime for a criminal spouse. But the money used to pouring in a mail every day because from their mail and was all the old yentres. Oh, yes. It's sending in a donate 50 and 100. Whatever. And every other charity that we tried to raise money. And that was a huge amount of money. So that was a very lame excuse for being a cheap prick. Okay, asshole. I'm sure he's good donating to a worthy charity. Right. Sure. Like his fat ass. WQAM. Speaking. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. Deadhead. Another sunflower. What a shock. WQAM. Yes, sir. Hey, question for you, please, sir. Yes. That would be, I need your ear for you, next for these. We're going to go over and we're planning on out of Amsterdam. Is how far is it to the country side? Is it just that we're not wearing the car? Well, what do you mean to the countryside? What does that question mean? Out. You like the females and stuff like that? The castles and stuff like that. Castles and windmills? Yeah, no. I'd stay home. This guy's tilting it. Windmills, man. Not necessarily. Have you ever heard a call like that in your life? No. He's going to amic it. Or flying into a bed. I don't even want to know where they're going after that. He's going to be tilting it. Windmills. Oh. Windmills and palaces. Waring wooden shoes. Well, I had to break the nose to the royal palace as one of the few that I know of in Holland. And that's like right in the middle, right by Dan that damn square. Yeah. The royal family. Once they go see windmills. And I hope he puts on some wooden shoes to for crying. I love and sure's a little respect. Wouldn't you? On that damn rack. In fact, I think we had to put that guy in that damn rack. If you ask me along with that little kid in his two friends that we're dealing with them, can't. I think we had to round up that kid in Pompano that little 13 year old kid in his two girlfriends. There were sisters. What are they? And we had to get that guy to call before. And then this guy. And I'll put him on the damn rack. What do you think? All right. Or leave rack him up through them into traffic. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line on a personal level. How do you feel about George W. Bush? Let me give you a clue how I feel. He's a bumbley idiot. 194, 624 votes. I hate him like poison. 163. I'm proud to say that George and I both voted that. He's a compulsive, devious liar 112. He means well, but he's over his head. 88. He's an honest dedicated public servant 42. And I really like him. He's a regular guy. I didn't know. Maybe my mom voted on that because you probably thinks it's about bowel movements. He's a regular guy 25%, 4%, 10.7%, have good things to say about this president. I'm just sitting here. You know, thinking about tilting it when meals. I'm thinking about the entodrex skewered on the end of a long sphere. All right. Hang right over in the front of the QM polling over there. And in fact, they could make putting him up with a flag. Is there an amassed head? Yeah. Todd Rekke just bleeding profusely. Oh. Imagine that perfume. And it's okay. Breeze has filed a my post. And imagine this on your next mortgage. Imagine zero closing cost. Zero application. You know something now that I finally after all of these years. No, where that thing is in the DCS. There's an arc in a film. There's an arc in a film. There's a film that we haven't here. You know, imagine zero closing cost. Zero application fee. Zero credit bureau fee. Zero discounted points. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. The revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group. Now was an interest rate of just 1.95%. That's only 738 bucks a month. If you have, for example, a $200,000 loan. Once you refinance or give it to new home mortgage from financial group, you'll never ever pay close and cost again. So if you'd like to find out more about this, call 1-800-940-010. Be sure to have the Todd Dreck. Told you to call. Grab real financing. Parvode at low rate mortgage. You can move you next property without further cost of expense. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. Call 1-800-940-010 for the tails. It's a whole new way to buy. Zero underwriting fee. Zero dock fees. Zero prepayment pedal. And zero closing cost even when you moved to another property. So give yourself financing at that amazing below. 1.95% rate and never pay close and cost again. Call financial group today 1-800-940-010-010-010. The REC will house in lender restrictions apply rates of your change monthly. 5.19 APR. Why in local? Here's sports radio 560-010-010. 2 AM. If you can't tell the difference between me and Ron Jeremy, you should try girls. No. I always stand to raise almost the night night. Yeah. I can't achieve my mood. I'm gonna make it the best. I'm gonna be your wife. I'm gonna turn off the radio. I'm gonna turn up my nose. The snooze is growing on my mind. I'm gonna keep it's my key time. It's been the night with me. It's been the night I'm a guy. The friend you called the birthday. I got a thing for tarts. And plastic surgery lots. Come on, man. With your... I follow it by your mark here at yours. The fun news I know where I'm going. And the next thing you know. I'm thinking of the man in the prison. Here asking me to bend the frame. The no message could have been any clearer. If you want to make your world up into place, my book's up the soul of bend in this way. One, eight day in your life. Life and life will show the same thing. We didn't do nothing. They didn't do nothing. There's celebrities, man. Or icons. What's wrong with you? I can't stand it. You just don't get it. Why are you sending me copy when I'm in a little of a... ...pritence important stuff out of it? Because I'll forget otherwise. If I wait till the end of the show. Who's the count as a... Troy? Troy. Troy is a good man. Troy is a good guy. Couldn't he run like an old lady with her legs tied together? But so did Larry Zack of the difference being Larry used to gain gigantic turns in the yardage. Troy didn't go nowhere. Troy says he'll be more than happy to help you with any pronunciation problems you might have in that copy. Really? Yeah. That's what he said. Is this the guy who talks about Charles Alpharary? That's him. It's a long way to tip Alpharary. I'll tell you that. Ten Commandments just to fight for job. Now worth the importance to right-hand. Another shooting report on Ohio Freeway. Since the 30s began connecting shootings in Columbus, Ohio, there's been at least one more on the same short stretch of Freeway, South of Columbus. Police told the Columbus dispatched for today's edition. A woman who reported yesterday... Oh, this is... Tuesday that a bullet hit her car on Sunday, six days after a pass to another car was killed. That's old news. We don't like old news, okay? But away Lincoln's got a headache. And first, Bradford's bald is a bowling ball. Ten Commandments just to fight for job. I thought, see, I was scouring under during a break hoping I'd find a little more on rush. But it's just breaking news, baby, breaking news. The Palm Beach County... ...investigation continues on his fat ass. Judge Roy Moore and you know, hey, you know, Mr. everybody just lets him off the hook. There's no conversation about the fact that hearing lost. Everybody was supposed to feel so sorry and shocked and appalled about. It was because he was popping all those damn drugs. We're just having to be a side effect of all that crappy was taken that hillbilly heroine man. Piper critical, tub of crap, and it close to show you the right wing. Forget about them. You're not going to penetrate them. They're hopeless. Don't confuse them with the facts. He was impained. There are a bunch of mindless idiots. Mindless hypocrites. It's like all the board again, Christians man. Oh, the Lord says don't do this, in a meantime, they're all doing it. Right? You can't do this and you can't do that. But they're all doing it. Yeah, but shut up. Speaking of assholes, Judge Ryan Moore, I've been from the Alabama Supreme Court for refusing to move that Ten Commandments Monument from the State's judicial building, Rotunda. And now today he's going to fight to get his job back. You go, boy. Far. And don't come back. Moore is you to stay even saying he'll file on a pile of his removal from Orifice with the Alabama Supreme Court by December 10, which sounds like six days from today. The Alabama Court of the Judiciary moved more from the Office of November 13 for refusing to obey a federal court order to remove the grant at Minimum at Heaton's Stoll and the Court of Billings Public Rotunda. Moore's appeal would go before the court where he served for three years and he was achieved justice. He did not indicate what arguments he'd used in the appeal. Maybe he'd tell the Lord told him to do it. Right? Yeah. Where did I tell him to stick it in there? No, I just told him to stick it. AFLCIO calls for a problem at Minimum Police. Good. The AFLCIO asked yesterday for state and federal investigators in the Police Conductering protest outside the free trade area of the America's meeting last month. A letter to U.S. Attorney General John Ascroft and Governor Jim Bush also asked him to prosecute anyone who abuse their liberties in court for the resignation of my may police chief John Timony. He's a whipless, to eave. Asshole. Yeah. The protest, how you mean Ascroft, Bush or Timony? All of the above. The protest groups sporadically violent in the final days of the trade talks. Some of the thousands of demonstrators to objects and fired slingshots at the officers, police had protestors with batons, zapped them with stun guns, and dispersed them with tear gas and pepper spray balls, more than 200 people were arrested. Oh my god, they got hit with balls? Yeah. Huslake, Ocastello. The letter from the AFLCIO President John Swingey said police blocked access to a union rally car of a peaceful march and what's confrontation started to knock you've crowds safe for a route to leave. Timony wrote earlier to the labor group defending his office, same a trying to avoid using force, but he added that the department will review its work, an issue we report on the jackboot and Nazi fascists. A spokesman for Bush defended the policy conduct yesterday. The governor thought that law enforcement officials in South Florida, they phenomenal job. Miami avoided the mass violence that disrupted similar offensive, Seattle and Ken Koon, a lie off a rod, said, a lie alia, whatever it holds name is, image, image, image, image. So I thought I had like a real hot story there and it turns out it's from Tuesday. Oh, well. Here's one, no. In case anybody out there wants to buy some auto nations stock, A.N. Do you want to buy some? Look at you. Don't. Fort Lauderdale billionaire H. Wayne Highsinger continues to trim his auto nation holdings. He's unloading it. This time an investment partnership led by the ex-auderation chairman, sold from Friday through Tuesday, 635,800 shares for an average of 1760 share total $11.2 million. Since November 19, H.N. Do you want to invest in the limit of the sold more than 2.2 million auto nations shares or 38% of the partnership sold in Freight Combine, 38.9 million. The partnership continues to hold 3.6 million shares of about 1.3% of auto nations shares outstanding of October 27. He's dumping it, baby. He's unloading it. It will bald either. Let's take up a collection for baldie. And he don't want to give the Marlins a better deal. You want to know why? Because he's a prick. Was that one? Yeah, that's why. Because he has a selfish prick. I'm not in it for the fans. I'm in it for the money. Poor baby. Don't you feel bad for him? Don't you want to go out on the street corner there with a tin cup in your hand? And start taking a collection for poor Wayne? So maybe he can get some hair? God Almighty. Can't outstand it. Align 9 is ringing. No, it's going to be excellent. Don't you? WCWM-Line 9. Neil. Yes, sir. You want the kids' name to flung the cat out into traffic? No. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. If the police aren't releasing it and if he's a minor, we can't be putting that on a year. We'll win a decision which how to held a window if this guy's. I could say John Schwartz did it. I could say Tom Smith did it. Ted Dennis. I could say Eddie Davis Jr. did it. Anybody? Right? I could say John McElmery did it. Oh, he's dead. Remember John McElmery? No. How about Wawing? No. WCWM. QAM. WCWM, hello. Neil, please. Yes, sir. Speaking. Neil. Yes. I can't say anything. I can't say anything. Oh, no. WCWM. Yes, sir. I question for you. Go ahead. If that's the same asshole again. Who's going to tell us what we're going to give the money to? Sir, we select our charities. Are you based on what we want to. There's plenty of people raising money for things like that. There aren't nearly enough people raising money for charities like this one. We're raised the money for whatever. We care about additional, which people don't ever. They have almost never given any money because of what we were raising the money for. They want to merchandise. They want the CD. They want the keychain. Whatever it is. They really don't give a flying crap. Okay. Just like you. So next year, what we'll do is we'll call you and ask. And whatever you suggest, we'll throw it out. WQIM. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing good afternoon? I'm doing great. Listen, I was wondering if you had a chance to. I did some research about this for my thesis in the University of Chicago. Yes, sir. And I researched similarities in the reconstruction efforts going on now and you rock. And Afghanistan. And the reconstruction effort, you mean after we blew it to pieces now, we're trying to build back up again with American taxpayers money, right? Hang on, this is second. You'll give me a chance. Go ahead. And the efforts that United States underwent in Germany after World War II. Now, if you read, for example, the New York Times today and the New York Times articles from the New York Times, back then, see, there are times again. You're going to find a lot of similarities. Well, the Marshall Plan is what this is, huh? No, I didn't say that. I didn't say that. The difference is that Germany was trying to take over to World Nandvaded Czechoslovakia and Poland and France and England and Russia. That's the difference. Okay. Iraq didn't invade nobody except back in the first Gulf or when he invaded Kuwait. And the only reason we cared about that is after we gave him week, week, not not is that our friends, the Saudis were starting to pee in their pants and they thought that he was going to go in their next. We said, oh, you better not do that so we better get him out of there. Even though we left them there. See, New York Times, this is New York Times that it's like the Marshall Plan. They're rebuilding over Iraq. You know, sir, you're pathetic. You're tragic. There are young people dying over there every single day. And for no good reason, then assholes like you are trying to try to intellectualize it. Try to find some good reason. Okay. And you've had articles on the website about the differences like how all of the bidding was done in the open. And the industry. That's right. Very careful to eliminate war, profit-turing, etc. As opposed to these no big contracts given a back to my caliber. So that our vice president, all of his corporate buddies, can just get their hands deep inside those Iraqi pockets. Okay. And hook up the old hose. It's a big ho-job pal. My life and love. This is for sure you'll find a new way of who we are. Kill some people. Two, three, four, more bombs drop. Five, six, seven, eight, more bombs drop. Nine, ten, eleven, twelve, more bombs drop. We're going to drop. The bomb around the flag. We're going to drop. There's bombs and big goofedants. Loans at drag. Right off their heads. We're going to fall. Around the clock tonight. We're going to bomb bomb. Up there lights. We're going to bomb. Going to bomb. Around the clock tonight. That's a movie. comear. Sum girls run bombs. Spread a blast. We're going to drop. Around the clock tonight. We're going to bomb. Up... Up there lights. We're going to bomb. Jump. Up there lights. Today, they are running around nearby, looking out and a massive rocky reconstruction baby it's gone great in it. Reconna seems like theCanark park has a problem with you. these days. Really nice. Like they were shown some of the police stations the other day. I don't know if you saw the peace on the news. And it were complaining about the fact that they have no telephones. They have no computers. And then they showed the exterior of the building. And of course, it's all smashed to smithereens by the bombing that we did. But those in great still bitching. They said that they probably could do a lot better police work. And of course, they said one of the biggest mistakes that Paul Bremmer did was dismantling the Iraqi police. He fired all the police. And if we have enough troops on the ground, and we have enough transit here and people do a handle of, no, we did not. So they fired all the Iraqi police. And I think I started over again. Yeah, which point? My point is that that punk ought to let go back to a kindergarten. And by the way, get a different topic for your thesis, okay? Like perhaps something about magic undergarments that the Mormons were would be good. I don't know, I don't believe that anyways. He's like the other put the use to call them. Am I a romantic undergarments? Yeah. What other punk? The one that always called for FIU and said, I'm a student of this. And I'm working on this paper and therefore blah, blah, blah. No, no, blah, what do you mean by that? Most of the students in America can't even find a state that they live on a map of the US. So what are you talking about? It's not really. So just like all these people would have a big mouth in their bigger opinions. They couldn't find Iraq on a map of the world if you stuck an oozy up there and that right now. 90% of Americans couldn't find Iraq with either one of their hands. In fact, about half of them couldn't find anything with either one of their hands. Well, some of them don't have it. Good year, Blimp Crash isn't California. Oh my God. Carson, California. A cameraman inside a good year, Blimp was injured when the airship came loose from its morning. He's drifted into a parked truck and knows dive into a fertilizer pile. Be sad and plant nursery, a fertilizer pile. What a smitty way to crash. The good year, cameraman inside the Blimp's condo, a herd is knee was transported to a hospital, said Sergeant Paul Rice of the LA County Sheriff's Department. The pilot of the Blimp called the Spirit of America was not injured. Nobody else was on board and there were no other injuries where I said Carlson is a suburb south of LA. A good year representative to climb comment early today. Good year operates three of the airships in the US. The others are housed in Eccano Highland, of course, as we know, Pompano Beach. When a kid was out there, put her on cash and from the traffic along with his two freaking sisters. You think his sisters are fricking? As we speak. Maybe that's their names. Maybe their sisters are named Frick and Frack. A person level, let's take a look at his pole again because we're approaching 700 votes. We're approaching a spectac, well, look at that, 6, 6, 7. We just must add 6, 6 moments ago. The mark of the beast. What was that was at the Omen? Right, Gregory Peck. And then Omen, who was they never should have made with William Holden. I think that's why William Holden died. Who was so embarrassed for making Gregory Peck's a sequeler. In fact, he was holding it when he died. But it didn't stop there either. There was the Omen 3. I don't think I've ever seen that one. That was a adult, Damian. Wasn't adult flick was he doing it? 669 votes on a personal level. How do you feel about George W. Bush? He's a bumming idiot, 209. I hate him like poison 175. He's a compulsive, devious liar, 120. Not too good there. He means well that he's over his head 93, not exactly like I said. They're real ringing endorsement. He's an honest dedicated public servant, 45. And I really like him. He's a regular guy, 27. Up to 10.7% of pro-writing now in his audience. Right, they like him. He's a regular guy. Goi. Bill Clinton is still tangled up in legal hitches for a long time. Nemesis Paula Jones reports the New York Post online. In the latest twist of the 13 year segment, that he businessmen in Senate want to be airdbhurstfeld member Abe O'Korea. Right, who's being sued by Jones is seeking to depose the former president. Jones is suing her spell that Manhattan Federal Court for allegedly be nicking on a promise 1998 to pay her a million dollars if she settler a sexual harassment case against Clinton. The former Arkansas State worker several for 850 grand, but the eccentric 83 year old never paid up court pay per cent. Abe Hurswell looks sent for theater. How can he still be alive? Clinton's attorney David Kendall has moved to Quash Hurtsfeld's subpoena for deposition arguing the ex president has no special knowledge of the dispute. Abe Hurswell, aka like that. We were lucky in that case because usually it's the slime from New York and winds up in South Florida, but in this case the slime from South Florida lined up in New York. Oh, nice going Abe. About time. Payback. Good move for us. 560. 560. How about somebody who's attacking lies not by two o'clock? I'm going to be so distraught on my coat of lunch. WQAM. Yeah. Yes sir. I just learned a way and on the situation since that I think those cops, you know, I don't think as I was they did a Ruben Stutter like that, you know. It's not right. I don't think they never there a mess on what he's the American Idol. Yeah. Cute. 560. I want to meet about the punks out there sitting with their fist on it right now. WQAM. QAM. Hello. Hello is this Neil Rogers show? Yes, man. Oh, I wanted to participate in the poll. Is it already closed? No, the poll is wide open. OK. I hate George Bush as a boomerang idiot. OK. That's right. Good choice. Thank you very much. I've heard early and often please. Oh, you have to say. OK. Thanks. And I'll throw through the can of whatever you do please. Oh, he won't be on the next year. And it asks all Ralph Nader wants to run again. He's been making rumblings. I'm going to tell you right now. I don't want to threaten anybody in the audience. But if we discover that any of you vote for Nader in 2004, we will personally send Luca Brazzi down Corioni and Santino to your house. Yeah. Make you an offer. We can't refuse. Don't say. No. Don't think you've blown up brains all over your life. I believe so. Exactly. Just like that. Ralph Nader. I never forget those assholes calling an after. And then even Donna, who would look what happened in his show. Right? See? Oh. The Lord works in mysterious ways. It's real. Good Catholic boy. I'll look hope don't like him too much because he's for a pro choice. He's for fags. He's for all the things that the Pope the test and reviles. Because of course the Catholic Church, they want all their little boys for themselves. Nine. Nine. And low. Six is sports radio five, six is. You and you and you. Yeah. Sports back. Radio. Tell you. You. Yeah. That's so ****. Hey. Oh. That's so ****. Hey. Hey. I'm gonna go. Yeah. Oh. Holy scrap my tongue. Holy scrap my tongue. Holy scrap my tongue. Holy scrap my tongue. But that's alright with me because it was great with that acquired. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. Holy scrap my tongue. Holy scrap my tongue. Holy scrap my tongue. They confiscated all I got. Holy scrap my tongue. Holy scrap my tongue. Holy scrap my tongue. They confiscated me in a parking lot. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. Happy gosh. Your holidays to your 142 at 560. You've got to come and happy Chinooka too. Charlie and four lottery else a little confused. We've grown me there long facts. And he said, how did this start? Because all I'd used to is spin wooden tops and eat big crackers. Not so. What are the big crackers we eat on Chinooka? I think he's talking about mozzarella, which is on Paisau's pass over. I'm going to go and practice for tea and jewelities. Okay. Nice try Charlie, but guess what? Very bonso is speaking a big guys. The muscular development that fostered is evolution in what a baseball's greatest power hitters was due to intense weight training, a proper diet, and a regiment of nutritional supplements. Now, grand jurors are expected to have the chance to ask bonso under oath whether his growth has been entirely natural. Anybody believe it? No. Bonso weight 185 pounds is a rookie in 1986 and now is a muscle bound 230. We'll set the test to find that day before a grand jury focusing on possible tax and drug violations. By the Bay Area Laboratory Cooperative or Balco, which supplied nutritional supplements to some of the nation's top athletes. The six-time national agenda, P.O.L.S. season record for Omar's gaining on Hank Aaron's career of a mark, is linked to the only two people named so far targets of the grand jury Volco founder of Victor Coney and Greg Anderson, Bonso personal trainer. John Coney, what was his name? Rick No. Richard Coney. You played Barzini in the godfather, right? Okay. That's right. Don't remember the great character actor Richard Coney. I know it's a little before your time, but he played Barzini. I hate that guy, damn Barzini. I don't know Richard Coney. Good actor. Bonso 39, we're pretty well. It's a 30's of Pimp. That was by Zini on the lawn. Right. Bonso 39 repeatedly is a denied-using story. It argues that his evolution is on run, and it has been steady. Go look at the back of my bubble gum card. He said after winning a third straight MVP of war last month, my numbers are consistent. If separate in nine, Bonso has hit at least 24 homerons in each of his 17 full seasons, he'll either be dramatic jump came in 2001. When his record's 73 homer's mark, the only time he's got 50. Yadiya to go, John, and on his biggest name to appear before the grand jury, athletes from four sports, football, baseball, swimming in track and field already appeared, including track, star Mary and Jones and a boyfriend, 100 meter world record holder Tim Montgomery, four open Raiders Olympic champions swimmer and Amy Van Dyken. Oh, Amy's Van Dyken? I like her. She thought. Is she? Yeah. Dyken? All the time. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, if you haven't got the Panther fan yet, have we? I-there must be somebody who was at that game last night. That was, if there's anybody who wonders why nobody attends those events. If there's anybody who wonders why people by a softfoot could never possibly really support the National Haakele, all he had to do was watch five minutes or more of last night's sorry as performance. There was nobody there, including the Panther team. There was no effort. It was the most lackluster pathetic, it was tragic. And to be honest with us, score could have been like 30, nothing. If I had to really wanted to crank it up. WQAM? Kair Psychic Man. You must be the guy. I'm the one. Okay, you're the guy that was there. Now let me ask you how many people do you think were there at the peak? There could not have been more than 3,000 people there. Okay. I said five because I was trying to be generous. I thought 3000 would have been a lot. Yeah. Yeah. I think so. I mean, there were sections in the lower bull that were in the- I'm talking like in the middle of the second period. They were entirely empty. Totally empty. Both ends of the ice were totally empty. Right. And it was sad. You know, but then you watch the game and you're like, you got- This is why the people aren't there. Right. Because on the team didn't show up, the people in the stands didn't show up. And I was like, I could do it to there and you know, go, leaves go. Ha ha ha. Big game of Boston, Nightman. You bet. Enjoy the show, Neil. Thanks. Yeah. Bro leaves go. Maybe leaves in first place by a point over Boston. They're division only one point out to a three points. Beyond fillet for the conference, lead. Anybody care? No. Well, he and I do anyway. I mean, at least I'm sitting in a place where the people care about something. I mean, they may carry a tune of stream, which quite frankly they do. But at least they care. You know what I mean about carrying enough to send you very best? No. What? As opposed to people who only care about early bird dinners and freebies. Oh, sneak it a very bird dinners and freebies. How we doing out there at the pizza locked. Oh, we have $700. Come on. Come on. That's not too bad. Not too great. So that gives us 43,000, 605. 700 bucks. That's best we've done in a while, isn't it? Yes, it is. Well, it's getting pretty close to Christmas in Chinooka. Boy, now it would be great. A best in the LCD for 2002 and 2003. You think they're pouring up their love? I must be at, well, the one guy that called Faisal ready. He's on his way to help a bunch of little handicap kids somewhere. So he'll help. I'll take care of the other stuff. And we got another 13 minutes. It'll through a clock at the pizza locked in Davey right there. I knew University dry. Scott's waiting for in a Q&A van. And you can go in there and see how bizarre he is. You think I was exaggerating? No. No. See the problem was, do you never gave me advanced warning? Oh, that was a little bit of a problem. I come back to town for a week and I'm working with Scott Junior there. And you know, he was just, I don't know how to describe the experience. Well, there's your, you know, Michael, I see. Well, anyway, he's a busy doing other things. Now, like doing these van hits is great. You know, sending him out there in public, getting a little bit of fresh air. Maybe interacting with some living and breathing humans who are like from the earth. Would be good. So we'll probably get like another update before really, but we're, I'd love to get a thousand Would be good. I don't know if that's like maybe pushing, pushing too hard. Don't push it. I'm pushing it. On a personal level, how do you feel about George W. Bush that's our pull on the arroggies.com Only five votes away from a 700. Not chabby, huh? Oh, this is something that, see, when I say they have no strong feelings of anything. This is one that they do. They do do. Six, 96. He's a bummerly idiot, 2019. I hate him like poison 182. Now, we're talking about the president, not mo. Absolutely. But I think it either case probably would've been the same answer. He's a compulsive, devious liar 123. Let me say any. And we're talking about the president, not mo. He means well, but he's over his head, 95. He's an honest dedicated public servant, 47. I really like him. He's a regular guy about. But third man. Look at that. You take the last two categories there. And he's got up to 11% now. He's doing it. 5. Local. This is 5. 6. There are years old years. Oh, you ain't. Thank you, baby. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Where is Rural? I can't find Rural. Oh, oh, oh, oh. I'm a 3. Oh, oh, oh. Who left the radio? Oh, oh, oh, oh. Who left the radio? Oh, oh, oh, oh. Hey, what's that all over the place? It's real, girl. I don't know. It's a bad sum of no. There's no. No. The ring's there. And they got diarrhea. Here we go. Yeah. Who left the radio? Oh, oh, oh. Who left the radio? Oh, oh, oh. Who left the radio? Oh, oh, oh. Who left the radio? Oh, oh, oh. Hey, what's that all for this guy? It's a bad sum of no. I'm gonna play it now. It's a right ear. It's a right ear. And they still got diarrhea. Who's your host? Go cheer for them. Go cheer for them. Go cheer for them. Go cheer for them. Who left the radio? Oh, oh, oh. Who left the radio? Oh, oh, oh. Who left the radio? Oh, oh, oh. Who left the radio? Oh, oh, oh. One country three, five, 60, WCM, the man who got coming up at two, the Humperate four. Don't forget, starting tomorrow, because for all of this time now, we've got all these crazy people of work and tour it all free. We have to have freedom of religion. Freedom of religion. What was it working? Because people are free to believe whatever fairy tells they want. And then practice the kind of hateful practices that the religion teaches doesn't work. So what we're going to start tomorrow is freedom from religion. That's where the new emphasis is going to be on. So judge more. You ain't seen nothing yet. That was just the beginning. Freedom from religious crazy people. In fact, maybe we can find a place to cinema like Utah would be good. Okay. You think? They got a nice big stink and salt like there. I mean, Dick Cheney's lesbian daughter might not be too happy about that, but that's the way it goes. Bishop's the pressure Catholic politicians. Another example that I'm talking about. I'm pretty proud by the way we got one of those 10 people. It was the panther game to call in before he had the show. And he's a leaf fan. That's great. What a joke. Hockey and South Florida man. It's like home and touch in in teoria. I mean, what's the point? It's like selling falafels in Chinatown. Have you ever had a falafel? No, it's about a fact. I never have either. Remember, and his wife had falafels when we were in Amsterdam right on the corner there by a Rembrandt plane. Yeah. Was it falafel? I don't know because I didn't have one. They actually bought it themselves. I purposely didn't go in. As the 2004 election season heats up, certain candidates might be looking over the shoulders at an unlikely special interest group, the US Catholic bishops. By the way, before I go on with that, in case you missed the exciting news that we had early in the show. Because we're on top of whatever is happening in the, uh, not just in the world, but in the radio business, especially in the market. And Fox 940 clear channel, I think they've probably disabled a QM line of permanently now. There's no way we can compete. Oh, we're hobbled. The Dan Silly O show, restarting on January 5, 2004. 6 to 9 a.m. on 940 slot sports radio. I'm a crazy baby Bruno and a bunch of other network crap. I mean, crap. Absolutely. So I think the mole myster can rest a little bit easy now. Especially since he got the naked pictures of Greg and Billy Goat and he's got him over a barrel. And he's got no competition. This Dan Silly O by the way, he's a former UMA hurricane a jot. Somebody, uh, facts this the, what? Did nothing you can tell by looking at him now. No. No, he's a little on the, well, he walked up a little bit. But anyway, here are the ratings from Orlando. They listed 20 different radio stations in the Orlando market. And for the last three rating books and the latest trend, which was August of Timberlock, October, they never, they never cracked one point one, the whole station. I don't know what the whole time he was on there. But it was really make a difference. Oh, no. In fact, in the winner of O three, I mean, it's pretty difficult to do this. I mean, they were on the year. Yeah. And the winner of O three, they had a zero. Not just in a month, okay. We had like, slot sports to that. In fact, the station we're talking about 940 did that one month, that's too long. Remember that? No, Diaries. Nobody. 50,000 watts and nobody's listening. Like what if they had a, what if they gave a party? Nobody showed up? What if they had a ball game? Nobody showed up like the Panther game last night? Well, they did. Well, what if they had a radio station on the year in Orlando? And nobody was listening. Well, winner of O three, well, I must have been a tough winner. You know, too much snow. Probably a lot of interference with the ice and stuff. And these are the 12 plus numbers that crawler. I'm sure he's right. Which is the whole audience. I mean, that's everybody. The whole audience. So when you have a, Oh, that means you don't have young people. You don't have middle aged people. You don't have old people. You don't have many. You don't have women. You don't have teenagers. You don't have little children. You don't have anybody. 1.0 0.8 1.1 and the latest trend. Stay in steady as she goes. A 1.1. So once they syndicate that you're on south photo to do really. I can't get a crap. I mean, there ought to be phenomenal. I scored people during David Ross. You idiots man. Cheat channel again. Just strung the radio business that we used to know in love. All of this crap about deregulation. Don't buy it for a second. All it has to do with is turning the entire media over to all of our bunch of Nazis. So they can brainwashed the public. So these people can cough any future elections. And they can just go step the way to like a fun and power in a lot of cash. Most of the cash part. As the 2004 election season heats up, certain candidates might be looking over their shoulders and unlikely special interest group the US Catholic Vishops. Oye! America's 275 active Vishops are gearing up a new task force that could bring Catholic politicians in line in a way not seen before in American politics. And President Kennedy is rolling over his grave. An ounce of the US Conference of Catholic Vishops annual meeting last month that's headed by the Washington Cardinal Theodore McCarrick, who's a real right wing asshole, by the way. The task force will produce guidelines on how to deal with recalcitrant politicians. But Cardinal McCarrick hedges when asked about their most potent weapon. Excommunication. Yeah. Whoa. I wouldn't be in favor of that, he said. Although now that you mentioned it. But the Bishop's have felt pressured to come up with sanctions with a bite to them ever since January when the Vatican came out with the 17-page doctrinal note of document on how Catholic should in politics should behave. Oh, be hey, that's what Mike Myers would say. Oh, be hey, if you crazy priest you. Those who are directly involved in lawmaking bodies of a grave and clear obligation to oppose any law that attacks human life. It's it for them as for every Catholic. It's impossible to promote such laws or to vote for them. Besides the abortion document listed, youth in Asia, slavery, religious freedom and the sanctity of marriage has black and white issues for Catholic politicians. In other words, you will go step in total line or look out. Now let's see. We got three Catholics on the Democratic side. You got Dennis Cassinich. John Kerry and Wesley Clark, whose father was Jewish, but evidently his mother was. Oh, yeah, holy! You ready for that? Now he's got a dilemma whether he's going to spin the driver, he's going to like, uh, Treyf. See what I'm saying? Yeah. So here you go, there's another classic example of all these crazy people, the fetus huggers, the people bombed like continue overpopulating the world and, you know, keeping people in the stone age. And anyway, how is that total? Now, would we get a total from Scators? He's still, uh, telling you up. Yeah, he just called me, uh, he has 800 and people are still coming. people are still coming keep coming hillstone there as long as you got the cash okay just to piss off that guy who called before it all like our charity who don't live little puppies and kittens okay that's probably the guy is uh his son is the one it probably was killing the cats in the road that he's a crap so we got 800 and we're still counting over there the Qm van look for it right in front of the pizza loft in Davie there we need another uh well as matter fact we need another 295 or 44 grand enough I will take it mad dog coming up next the hopper at four and then at seven you don't want to know bye bye while our bunch of z luckers