He's not slaughtering your kids and thousands of innocent people, the blood and blame are on your hands because silence is approval. Think about that later today when you hear about another US soldier or a wrecky civilian dying and ask yourself what you could ever should have done to prevent this waste. Good points, Greg, in bite away like I said, two more dead Americans, and it's not even like a major story no more. But it's worth it. Oh, it's worth it, yeah, I guess. It's worth it to Haliburton and Beck tell. And all the other Bush administration's good close personal buddies and Boeing, you better believe it. Anyway, getting back to was that Boeing? Yeah. Aliens wrote it out of the sentence they just don't want to go away. Oh, and before I forget before we get to Aliens, we got to play with them for Aliens. Right. No, the Goose Creek South Carolina High School drug busts the story. I got the audio from CNN this morning because they have two bad. We don't have TV on your little radio screens there. Well, just get close to the radio. But if you're post your video and look in the speaker, you might see the video. But it does have the audio with a two from CNN this morning because now as opposed to that real jumpy goofball surveillance video, they had this school. And I got like a clearer photo with an audio and audio. It's not a virtual by many at this high school in Goose Creek. Lawyers for students will come online. The video tape shows their rights as students were violated. What do you think? Gary Tuckman is there in South Carolina. This is what happened at a South Carolina high school before the first bell ring. But some of their guns taken out of their holsters, police and Goose Creek South Carolina raised in a straffered high school looking for drugs. When this happened last month, authorities released this jumpy video from a security camera with no sound. But CNN has acquired higher quality video with the audio. 107 students were detained. Some with guns pointing at them, some with handcuffs all told not to move. Many of the students coward as the police dogs were brought in. When it was all over, no drugs were found. And now attorneys from seven different law firms are filing a class action lawsuit saying innocent students' rights were violated. The lawyers provided us this video. Have today's hit a request. What we saw in November 5th, last across the televisions all across the nation were commander-stall tactics that should be used in Baghdad, not in Goose Creek. We met with attorneys and some of the families filing suit. They say despite a high percentage of that. Well Supreme Court uphold key appoints of their campaign finance law that just didn't you aren't you brothers about that? Excellent. Can American students be detained? It's not a racial issue. It's just a white issue. You know what? Is this off more? And I've walked in the hallway in this car point. You got to meet me until meet a good yellowing ground. What do you think? I was shocked. I was dumbfounded. I don't know what to think. So is Jake Lewis the father of a 17 year old school? After I've viewed that video and I saw how they had abused those kids at that particular time. I told him that there was no way on this planet. I was going to allow you to get away from this. Students police said last month they had the school's permission to conduct a raid. You're the fact that the police department had positive knowledge of the drug activity. The decision was made to enter the building in a tactical manner. The suit targets the school district of police department and the city as well as individuals. The school district did not want to comment on camera about the lawsuit. Folks woman Pam Bailey did tell CNN off camera to let the process work. We have to let the facts speak for themselves. Right. The lawsuit asks for monetary damages but no specific amount is mentioned. But this is not just a story of civil action. The prosecutors says he's conducting an investigation of those who conducted the raid. All right. Gary Talkman CNN. Who's Creek South Carolina? Who's that Creek South Carolina? How do you like that? Yeah. You kids better goose step into shape man are going to beat those not audio. Do you think that it does that amuse you? Do you think that's funny? The baby. He was there with him. Not to make you want to puked. Oh my god. Two polls that may be forget to alien and the other. How come we're so newsy again? Yeah. That's the thing to do. And if that guy's listening, I'll tell you the answer because I feel like it. Because it's important to me. You remember that New Yorker guy? Right. In the beginning he pissed me off and I thought well he had a point. Maybe it went a little bit too far and I think to him go back to New York. There's stuff going on. That's right. There's a lot of crap going on man and this is, you know. All the crap you could unwrap. That's our specialty on QAM. Here's our first poll. This is what we don't have to discuss. It'll give me plenty of time since it is hump day Wednesday and I got that one and two comedy. We got our really hurry. We got our rush. Can I say rush? What other shows on QAM? Do you listen to most other than New York? Oh, I let something off. Oh, am I stupid or what? Yes. We should put none. Should we have none? Yeah. Some of us. I mean, none. So Erica, hey to a birthday bubble. We're going to do that. What other show on QAM? You're listening to most other than New York? Moan Gellie, Joe Rose, Mad Dog. All right. The humper. Any K. Joann Mark, the big. Oh, or none. Do I leave anybody off? I mean, I could put weekend shows on it. But this isn't going to go for the girthly man or the Kimba. People are just on a weekend, right? Right. Right. So I don't think I left anybody. Oh, did I? I certainly hope not. Wouldn't want to slight nobody on QAM. One other show on QAM, Do you listen to most other than New York? Moan Gellie? Joe Rose, the Mad Dog. Hank, any K. Joann Mark, the big. Oh, or none. There you go. Okay. Let's get to it. Aliens relative claim excessive force and suit over Miami-ray. The estranged relatives, or is that the strange relatives of Aliens Gonzalez claimed in federal court Tuesday that six federal agents use excessive force in arm-raising their home to seize the boy returned to Cuba. It was Cubans. Cubans come down, Amy. Cubans. Wonder if Amy Sheifers did. You think? Stouto? Aliens cousin, great uncle and his wife claimed you were our, I didn't know, Ali on Hatterwife. Playing the armed officers broke down the front door on an outsproying, irritating gas. This is in a sun-signal. What is irritating gas? Yeah. Especially in a closed elevator. But on the bus is not to do it. They sprayed irritating gas. Helped people at gunpoint and shouted up sendities. At sleepy, on arm-raising supporters and news media to predal rate April 2000. This is written by Katherine Wilson, the Associated Press. Katherine, you're an asshole, honey. You're an idiot. I mean, you talk about objectivity. Right off the bat, you know, the listing is so slighted even a Chinese are embarrassed. There was no sort of resistance at Ed Ferris and attorney for judicial watch, a Washington-based legal watchdog group representing the family representing the family. The agents were told, put your guns down, you can take him. None of that was heated. Airlion returned home with his father to months later celebrate his 10th birthday Friday. That's right. No, it was not Friday. That's wrong. Saturday. They're all sent sent. Oh, George knows because he shares that December 6th with Aliens. Once again, the Sun sent us a few news that had put up the update. You ask old man. And by the way, I am the baby Jesus. Aliens returned home with his father two months later. Every time I hear George say something as a Jesus Christ, right? And celebrate his 10th birthday Saturday. It should save a Cuban president for now. Katherine, when assisted in a two-hour speech at the boy's school, that is, common assistant will survive him. Now we can see what him used to say, the political policy. They used business law, yes. They failed the switches to save themselves from Cuba, 고 was known in the time he raised his�. according to the lect.? The county had a major engagement with Grant Ocean, with two little conducting meetings.cessful. France said, Santa Famous of course right and his Tennessee family her busy crawling under the rocks 10 13 did he say a rock at 560 W Q a and hey imagine this oh, I better get ready Because they're like like Todd Rick imagine the Ambulance going down the street right outside with a serence blaring and fighting Todd Rick long and a poor Disarrange well, what are the street for the stop sign name? Wouldn't that be great? Anytime and imagine this on your next mortgage imagine zero closing cost zero application fee Zero credit bureau fee and zero discounted point This is the last mortgage you'll ever need it's the revolutionary only one mortgage from the financial group Now with interest rate of just 1.95% that means if you have a 200 thousand dollar loan just as a for instance Your payments are only 738 bucks a month. What's not to like and what's your refined answer obtain a new mortgage for financial group the best part of the deal You'll never pay closing cost ever again, so column today at 1 899 for Oland Grab yourself real financing power with the low rate mortgage you can move to your next property without further cost of expense the only one mortgage from financial group For details call 1 899 for Oland. It's a whole new way to buy and once again you pay zero underwriting fee zero dot fees zero prepam and pedally zero closing cost Even when you move to another property, so get financing it just 1.95% call 1 899 for OLE and the financial group Never ever pay closing cost again. There were equal housing lender restrictions do apply rates subject to change monthly 5.19 APR I Have I'm the water to travel and pack my own You look the rubbed feeling down In the biggest part you've ever seen Now people make your own toilets are clean Those are in an auto-rap Like a big shot media saw And then a barge here caught It's all about how important you feel And the rest of the country takes its no big deal More of a thousand different months Go down that alien on the market polskature Shake revenue Thumbs up The green Grantman I can't bear that They probably played that two and three by having fun. They're the two and two. That's funny. They're the dead sucks. They're gonna eat it. But now, call it Leon. Mark. Mark. Mark. Mark. Mark. Mark. Mark. Mark. Mark. Mark. Mark. Then, I'd seen it five, six, the WQM. It can tell Eric, is Erica in community kind of or something. They're what? I guess I should call him. You probably should call him and tell him to add none to that first puller or none. He's probably overburdened by the fact that email him about a hundred stories. I apologize, Eric. I apologize. I apologize. I didn't touch that. It wasn't because I said yesterday was going to send him like 30 or 40. I wasn't by intention. I just could find a more more crap. And I said, hey, this needs to be on there. And just it was one of those days. There was a lot of stuff going on. For example, and this won't be on there because it's just the AP finally. Just the figure was important enough to write something about it. Two US soldiers were killed in four wounded in separate attacks today in the northern city of Mosul. American troops and other northern city arrested five Iraqi policemen 24 other suspected ties to in Surgeon. There's that word again. The insurgents also did a military said the emergency landing of US helicopter near Feluga west of Baghdad was likely the result of ground fire by. Guess by home. Uh, in surgeons. Oh. In the Mosul attacks, we've all fired on soldiers guarding a gasoline station killing one entering another set of spokesman for the US Army's 100 first airborne division. A few hours later, guerrillas detonated a roadside bomb open far on US military convoy, killing one soldier wounding three others. So it just goes on to butcher. We go on day after day and it's very clear that the American people of a very hearty appetite for dead bodies. They just really don't care that much because if they did, they'd be demanding blood. They'd be screaming bloody murdering part of that expression for an end of this insanity. With no end in sight. And all for a basin of much allies. And I think Eric is like out of touch with us. I don't think maybe he's not here in us or something. I refaxed it with the uh, with the little one added the addition yet. If we'd like to get that sound sometime this week would be good Eric. I don't want to stare pressure because I realize that you ain't a lot of them below any sandwiches on that new diet. The beast speaking of diets is if you like, could you mention I just purchased the King Carl McPerson with extra heavy frame of course from dial McPerson. Who was the GM of the Sunflow Dullet really helped me out when on your advice. Says the beast. Well, thanks. I'll write with the al-stick it. Write with the copy, etc. You ready for that? Yeah. So even a beast is rising up a little bit. Anyway, getting back to Ali on, speaking outside the rated house turn museum. Great uncle Lanzero Gonzalez said the Cuban government has been any communication between the boy and his mommy relatives. Well, good. They took the boy with all that violence in a country with so much freedom Gonzalez said. This case is about what really happened in this house on that dawn of infamy. And that would Roosevelt said about Ali on getting a kidnapped. Right? Charles Miller just did department spokesman in Washington sitting in nothing about the lawsuit had no comment. A total of 151 armed agents rated the house where about 50 supporters held a vigil outside hoping to block any seizure. The lawsuit said names of the six agents who were at the house were obtained from the government and earlier lawsuit. The new lawsuit sees unspecified compensatory and punitive damages from the agents whose names were held under seal. The suit is the sixth filed over the right, including three by people at the house, three by a whistle blowing immigration agent who claimed the anti-cuban bias to the money office of the former INS, not a gun to trial. A federal appeals court refused in June to allow the relatives to keep their lawsuit alive against former Attorney General Janet Reno who ordered the rate. You go, boy. That's our comment to Janet. Nice going. It was done. I thought it was done well under the circumstances. Yeah. Nobody got hurt. No more. A couple of pennies as bystanders outside. I get a little gas. That's probably because of too many burritos of prems at Taco Bell. What kind of gas was that? From that story? Unplusant irritating guy. I see irritating. Is there any other kind besides irritating gas? I don't see that poll change and I think maybe you're a scott some kind of a forblamic ground. You think? I don't know. My call is ringing the other room, which I'm going to call. Yeah, he said he's a little behind schedule. He said he's got a little behind. Right, though. Tell me, let's pull a crap. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind. We've seen this behind a bit about gerçek and such ourselves as Dr Doctor Lieutenantun about repairing carl. and not to remember this about you and I might be. And they might in public really didn't get peeled until the immediate started bringing it to their attention. Yeah. As the media's goose step. Well, the way they did it, we really bring it to their attention. It was all the kids that were protesting and all the people that you who finally, you know, forced the media start talking about the body bags coming home. In fact, that we were being lied, do like crazy. And we were killing thousands or maybe millions of innocent people who had nothing to do with any conflict. Plus we didn't know why we were there in a first place. All of these things. And I were doing exactly the same thing all over again. It sounds like they should be all over again. Right. Yeah. I was thinking about that yesterday. All of these tright cliches about, well, you know, we must never, never again. And we must never allow history to repeat itself. And that's just a bunch of bullcrap, empty rhetoric. Because we do the same crap over and over. It would be like saying that in the Middle East. What's happening in the Middle East is just the latest chapter in the sun that's been going on for 5,000 years. And it just keeps coming around and around and around and you know, the media right now is just good stepping with the administration. So I don't think anybody's going to get whipped up in the or friends here on this. Because we lost journalists like Walter Conqueror. Yeah, right. Just put it out. Walter Conqueror and good journalists. I mean, right now everybody's just good stepping. You got it. You're getting even a good step. Great South Carolina man. I got the kids just stepping right up against the wall. They have a good one. They have a good one. See the voter panel. See an agro falls. Have a great day. Oh, and speak of that. No hamster to obtain drugs from Canada. Just like Boston announced at the other day. Two days ago and I yesterday Governor Craig Pence said no hamster sets up a program to improve prescription drugs from Canada. The clearing yesterday he plans to reduce state prescription drug costs. Even if it means to define the FDA. In the interview, Vincent versus side of the FDA's repeated warnings about the safety of drug ship from Canada. He also dismissed the FDA's caution that implementation will expose states to civil lawsuits. If someone dies or is injured by an illegally imported drug. The FDA and drug companies have been spreading this notion that it's unsafe. But I have a different tape he said. We have a lot of people who are not taking prescription drugs because they can't afford them. I think there's a liability for sitting still and to show you what a bunch of liars your government are. Oh, yeah. Those drugs are unsafe. Only those American drugs are safe. But federal officials said yesterday the flu vaccine shortage in the US has become so severe. They're looking to obtain additional doses from Europe. Oh, no. Bad drugs. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta plans to look at how we can first of all purchase whatever doses are remaining. Not only here in the US, but licensed vaccine in Europe. Dr. Julie Gerberding, director of the federal public health agency said during a news break briefing. The European vaccine is made by Shiran, which manufactures the medication in the US and also as offices in Germany and Italy. And all those evil Germans that were giving any of these. Oh, yeah. They were not going to like you. They need to contract it or act the Germans, the French and the Canadians because they wouldn't go step along with the severe with this against this. But they're vaccine if they got it. We'll take it. Some of the dangerous flu vaccine from Europe. But that's made by the same company. I just like all the drugs here in Canada. Made by the same company. 1027 at 560 WQM. If you're tired of that ball spot, give yourself a gift for the holidays. Give yourself some hair. What more could guys want them? Good. Head of here. It's right. If you got a big ball spot or just a little tiny one makes no difference because Charlie can make it look like you don't have any ball spot at all. For over 25 years has been working with the rich, the famous, the infamous and everybody in between because nobody does it better than Chuck. Can I take a sip of soda? Okay. That's right. Nobody looks better than an actual hairline system in the artificial pieces that their peddling dates enough to make you pee in your pants. People walking around with them. They animals on their head. Absolutely. People walking around with holes drilled in their forehead. And then of course we got the guys who are desperate enough. They pop those dangerous pills and don't do a damn thing for yourself. Maybe kill you. And like I always tell you, nothing lose with Charlie except that ball spot because everybody gets that 30 day. About 30 man. Here in teeth. You can all look away after 30 days. It looks and feels and smells. If you're not getting a review of your given good more action than he'll have their 20 years ago, then here's the deal. Just take it back and you get your money back and speak in a money. Be sure to mention he arouses totally to call when you do it because you'll get an extra 200 bucks off the already very, very reasonable price of Chuck Alphayer's natural hairline system. The best anywhere in the universe. Call today and get your hair back for the holidays and the rest of your life. Call toll free 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413 or log on to their website. Charles Alphayerier is trail likes to say. CharlesAlphayerier.com I'm in my bedroom. I'm gonna go to someplace deep and die. If you try to scream, thought you could look at me and you'll understand. You only dance. If my turn to go to your neverland, you'll find a life. I love a lifter. Play a sign out and you know what to say but you'll never be out of bed. I'm a lifter. Play a sign out and you'll never be right. I'm a lifter. I'll get you to do. 1033-560 WQM and there's more than meets the eye. You know the media once again totally responsible everybody blast in these big headlines yesterday. The first of all, they already did prosecution. Nobody knew about that memo and I'll read a new about that so-called investigation. Celebrity just this has got interesting take on this. It says they have exclusive details that show that this could be part of a children's services cover-up. And that Dr. Charles Sophie, Charles Sophie, SOPHY, The memo is addressed to him and of course it comes to find out. Celebrity just this is his office is just two doors away from Jackson's private investigator whose office was searched at the same time as the Neverland raid. CJ, Celebrity just this cut up with Dr. Sophie just days after the search at the time Dr. Sophie told CJ, I'm involved in the Jackson case but not in the way you think now we may know what he meant. In other words, I don't want to make any accusations but it sounds to me like, there's these suggestions that just maybe somebody got their palm reached a little bit of the way. Yeah, as this desperate attempt to spin this, and of course the media goes right along with it. Oh well, they got to see we already knew this. There's nothing new in there. They already had the videotape that he had to make the family and the kid make back in February. Now why would you make a videotape number one first of all? Unless you're trying to cover your ass and knew that the crap was about to blow and hit the fan. And number two unless of course you knew that the regular guilty is hell. What you done. Oh, we do that all the time. And of course they haven't even began to see if the people in the god damn maneuver including vessels that see it. And if you just read the national enquire, you'd have a little bit better perspective on what's really going on and what Tom's dead has got because they haven't even gotten to the last Vegas stuff. Remember that stuff I read about the boy, uh, right at the, the garage was it the boy orgy, the boy orgy is at his villa at the Marrage and Vegas. Would booze and cigarettes all of a sudden here. Try to win nine and ten will have a year old kids marching in and out. Boys. Here's Paul and Danbury Connecticut. Facts as he says while reading Michael Morris book, Dude Where's My Country. I noticed he mentioned Wesley Clark as a sure bet to beat Bush. Of course this was before Clark to his head and the ring. I like Clark as well was wondering what your take was on why he's not gaining on Dean and the pulls. I just don't think Dean has what it takes once he cheats. He w says Paul and Danbury Connecticut. Well I worried about that a little bit too. But I don't buy that. In addition, which one of the reasons a Clark Inc. in the pull so much is he's run out of delis and will choose. Oh, come on. There's more. Well he hasn't had a mob yet. Well he's still looking for the famous, but it's not there no more. What somebody tells you to work Clark that there's no more famous restaurant in South Beach. I mean, you know, the deli Dan the Rascal house. So it's just an addition to which he's, you know, he's okay. He'd be fine if he could win. He'd be fine. But he was those those first days. I mean, like we're supposed to have the convenient Alzheimer's again. Oh, well, he was all for it or were in a wreck and if he was in a congress he devoted for all I never said that. Did I say that? I didn't mean that. You know, all over the place. Just like Al Gore said yesterday and I noticed now, do you believe her men's all whining and whipping and having another spraked out? Nobody else attacking Dean and Al Gore. But the fact that a matter is Dean was the one right from the beginning had the balls to tell a like it is. And every single one of the other ones who have been equivocating and waffling except for Dennis Goodson and she's the other one and they don't like him because he got a bad hair piece. Well, and a can see his name for those teeth. And he's got some terrible nasty teeth. And he makes a whatever the opposite of a Bella Fagura. Great. Whatever the opposite is, he's it. Speaking of Michael Moore, Turkey's on a moon. This is a great son or website today. It's an article that's a letter to George W. Bush from Michael Moore. He says, while it's going on two weeks now since your surprise visit to one of the two countries you now run and I have to say, I'm still warmed by the gesture. Man, take me a long next time. Only 13 members of the media went with you and it turns out only one of them was an actual reporter for a newspaper, but you did take a long five photographers. Hey, I get it through the words it's all about the pictures. A couple wire service guys and a crew from the Fox News channel fair and balanced. Then I read in the paper this weekend that the big Turkey we're holding in Baghdad, you know the picture that's supposed to replace the now embarrassing footage of you on that aircraft carrier with the sign mission accomplished. Well, it turns out that the big beautiful turkey, if yours was never eaten by the troops, it wasn't eaten by anyone else because it wasn't real. It was a stock turkey, but it looked like a real edible turkey for all those great camera angles. Now I know some people will say you're into props like the one in the lower extremities of your fly boy suit, but hey, I get it. This is theater. So what if it was a bogus turkey? The whole trip was bogus all staged to look like news. The fake honey glate on that bird was much different from the fake honey glaze that covers this war. And the fake stuffing in the fake bird was just the right symbol for our country during these times. America loves fake honey glaze. It loves to be stuffed in dannet. You knew that that's what makes you so in touch with the people you lead. It was also a good idea that you made the press on that trip to Baghdad pull the shades down on the plane. No one in the media authorized complain. They like the shades pulled and they like to be kept in the dark. It's more fun that way. And when you made them take the batteries out of their cell phones so they wouldn't be able to call anyone and they do to flee comply. That was genius. I think you'd be the tool to put their hands on their heads and tucked their noses with their tongues. They would have done that too. That's how much they like you. You could have played Simon says the whole way over there. It wouldn't have been that much different from Carl Carl says again. They loved to play every day with Mr. Rove. Well, if you're planning any surprises for Christmas, don't forget to include me. When I heard last week, you wanted to send a man back to the moon. I thought, get the fake goose ready. There's where old George is going for the holidays. I don't blame you what would nearly 3 million jobs disappeared in the 281 billion dollar surplus disappeared. And the USA stuck in a war that'll never end. Who wouldn't want to go to the moon? This time take all the media with you and bed them on the moon. They'll love it there. It looks just like Crawford. You can go on the moon too. You'll have so much fun up there. You might want to come back. Better take Cheney with you too. Pretend it's a medical experiment or something. That's one small step for man. One giant Lee Pravey American who's sick and tired of all this crap. Right Michael Moore. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. We need Ralph Crandon back just for a few moments to send him straight to the moon with all these fashions goose peppers. Oh and speaking of fashions goose. One other thing about West Clark. Yeah, see him all over the place because I got so good. I like that. You're a plus. We got to get somebody's important calls in or maybe not. But see the try to combat Al Gore's endorsement of Howardine yesterday. So guess what? On a presidential campaign. Trey yesterday, Wesley Clark said he has not ruled out Hillary Clinton as his running mate. If he wins the Democratic presidential nomination. He praised any or senator as a great person in the greater cities admire her for 20 years. She's made it very clear. She don't want any part of it. Never less since the Clinton's and West Clark are joined at the hip. That's his that was his card that he played yesterday. He would consider her. Yeah, that she'd be it or not that she'd accepted or not even that he's really seriously thinking about it. But it's not all the question. That's the best he could do. I'm not saying I'm not in West Clark, but I'm just saying. Dean has got all the more right now. He's got the more absolute. Benton. Like a runaway free train. Tant and see what they'll try to do is they'll try to convince you this bull crap about well he can't beat Bush. Well by the hell not. Exactly based on the anti bush right and his more and more Americans dying is this crack. Myer continues and is this fully recovered from the economies exposed for what it really is. By the time get around like 10. Let them on from now. You'll see bushes numbers are going to be crap. So, but you just keep going all by her. See here's important stuff. Wouldn't he Houston says Bobby Brown struck me. Now why is it that if all the 80 million stories that meal to Eric that wasn't one of my happiness. See that catch it all the corner my. Did I send that? Oh, we care about that. Is it news? Is it a surprise? It's pathetic. Yeah. 19 to 11 at 560 WQM and a very wired Wednesday. I feel like I'm on doggy upperst today because we only got the three hours. We got the amad dog at 2 the Humperate 4. You got with Iro wind. It been between five and six. Pants are preview with seven. By the way, get your free path there. Take it. It's I heard Joe take it a dig there and writefully. So four freebies for every season ticket order because we want to make it look good for Gary Bettman like there's some hockey interest in South Florida. The bro into the panther 739 be there were be squared. Any kid after the hockey game in school mark overnight. By the way, if Dick and Berg ever says be squared. The Bonnie Bernstein again on the sideline during NFL telecast. I'm going to kick his ass out of the booth. Personal. Be squared. Oh, geez. Hey, it's that time of the year again. Everybody's stopping by your home for the holidays and of course when it's all over your house is a mess. So called ride concepts and get all the germs and sports out of those carpets like right after the holidays be the smart time. And let them take care of your carpets like they've been doing for me for which one of yours. Drive concepts is hands down your pants. The leader in the world when it comes to protecting and keeping your copper colors vibrant sparkling clean your carpet looking and smelling Lemon, fresh like brand new and softer the touch as well. Just when it does touch it out. In fact, dry concepts is the only guy company in the world. Drive cleans your carpet same idea as the dry cleaning or the over your clothing. No repost. No scams. No games. They give you a written guaranteed price up front of when you called ride concepts. For sure, it's going to put you understand by list which will save you an extra 15% off the price. The already low price of that fantastic unbeatable job. You have enough to worry about during a holiday. So leave your carpets to the professionals and drive concepts. Here's the toll free number to call 1-800-248-5071. Nobody anywhere in the universe does it like these folks call 1-800-248-5071 or look them up on that wicked worldwide web at www.dryconcephs.com. My and local year sports video 560-UEAM. Oh, take a look. I got great next. How about a case of some windbags. I bet for your wife, hot cops would be nice. Go and get the bargain from my van. Pick all you want. Of where the split thing is okay. There's no tipping. I got armor all and thirty-way transmission oil. Go and get the bargain from my van. I am part of I behind the snow bank. Right there you can pay me with your cash. But if police take on my round corner, I might have to leave like Santa in a dash of your batteries and open the meters. Spark what land, refrigerators, don't fall my bluff. He's not stolen stuff. Go and get the bargain from my van. I want the pump and clutches on the star-thrower. Felt some holes in the van because the deck. I'll decarb that might just feed the dots on my policy. It's not as good as they could. For the kids, I got buyers, mine the folds, I've sparked what wires for your holiday. I'll make your day. I'll make the bargain from my van. Pull your car up to the back of my van. Okay. Pedro Gade bargain in his van. 1048 at 5.60 WCOM. Okay. That survey is up there. What other shows on QMD are listening to most other than the old none. Thirty-seven point eight percent. Mad Dog 24, leave the pan. The hopper 12, Joe Rose 7, Joe Mark's five, 80k3, and look at that. The big has got, oh, oh, oh, oh. What's going on? No, no, no. Oh, no. No, no, no. No, no. No, no, no. No, no. Oh, no. What's your list of two most other than this one? Non 31. And Mo and Gelty in the big. The very distressing story about everpelling in which which just goes to show you man, everybody's caving in. Everybody's just caving in and crumbling as the takeover mark is new and completion. Wait until I call off that presidential election next year, then you'll see. All right. Maybe this year. Come here. Come here. Come here. Oh, good lost. WCOM. What the call? Like I said, we'll interspersa very few calls. WCOM. Yes, the whole are you. I'm okay. Neo, yesterday on Fox, the announcement that the NRA might be trying to buy some. Yeah, we already had that answer. Quit watching Fox. I already had that on the road radio and TV station. We know that. Get with it. By the way, President Lincoln's got a bad headache. I'm not wasting my time with these calls today. Okay. All right. Well, I don't mind. I take a couple here and air like the one online one because it is working out. QAM. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I was just going to see if you had caught that new giant dead movie that pirates are the curvy and take off. No, I heard that he was great in the movie. Sir. Yeah, pretty good. The movie for this movie was not too bad. It wasn't one of those kids only movies. And he was kind of weak, but yeah, he was looking pretty good. So I know what he looked pretty good. It wasn't that bad. I know somebody will be going ahead and be here that. I swear. He's not a lot of stress these days. Okay. Thanks for the good news, pal. Like I said. They're really struggling. When we get to that second pool, then we'll have something to sick their teeth into. Like we've discovered a long ago that there we finally reach a certain point in the evolution of this program. And unless we're building a pool and you got like a one word or a rug. Right. We've forgotten that. They all know. I don't know. We've had some good calls the last couple of weeks in the middle of some of the other stuff. We've had some good ones here and there. Yesterday we had that. I don't remember what it was, but we had one was fabulous. What that wasn't. I forgot. Some goofball was sensational. Anyway, this is the pressing man. And if you're one of those people in this audience. Like us, if you're a pervert, then why do you have to be perverted to have like a good eye? Right. Which is that eye candy, which I hate. I hate that expression almost as much as solely that or Brian. Just. Oh, it's just, it makes my blood sugar grow up when I usually say that once. Anyway, evercrabby and fish under fire from some consumer groups for its racing catalogs, cave then yesterday instead of what stop issuing them and haul publication of its holiday issue. That is one of the worst things to ever happen in the United States in the world. While it's in joy, success with the quarterly over the years, the company believes it's time for a new thinking. And looks forward to unveiling an innovative and exciting campaign in the spring evercrabby said in their statement. The retailer last week we called a holiday catalog from all its store-saganeded space and you noticed this is like two days after that 60 minutes piece on Sunday. Just a coincidence I'm sure. Since they're getting their assoot by all these ugly Filipinos and others. The retailer last week we called a holiday catalog from all its store-saganeded space on a counter for a new perfume. But one parent's advocacy group complainin' him over as in response to his protests and calls for a boycott. A vibrant cramby over to catalogs. The company's 280 page holiday book included new-diamond models and highly suggestive poses. All right. As well as articles on sex elements apparently intended to boost the clothing retailers' bread among college age customers. What's not to like, baby? Avertcrubby said it is sold 200,000 copies of each issue of the catalog, but some industry analysts said the latest edition of the glossy publication may have offended too many people. I think they're- oh I gotta see that. I think their latest issue pushed the envelope too far one-adeless told CNN slash money. The subject matter with the issues specifically in article about oral sex was way over the line he said. What's wrong with oral sex? Ask your mom. We're certainly encouraged by today's new news, Bill Johnson, President of the American D-Sensee Association. The American D-Sensee Association. Oh yeah. American people are making it clear that they were troubled over Evercrabby's practice of marketing pornography in the catalog and the company's finally recognized this fact. I want to ask you one question. Does any-do you have the Evercrabby in Fitzcat-log? Not on me. No, but I mean you haven't. No. Does it like show up in your mailbox? No. Yeah. Does it show up like on the floor outside the door there in a morning when you come to work? No. In other words, it's one of those things like any other publication that you have to make a conscious effort to obtain. You have to pay for it. Right. The Association is a consumer group that lobbies against pornography and is criticized Evercrabby's catalogs before. New Albany Ohio based Evercrabby in Bitch runs 173 of his names and stores and 164 Hollister companies, doors around the country. And as a result of this news, the stock went down. Evercrabby in Fitz, A and F went down. Guess how many cents he has today? About 30? About 30, man. About 30 cents because of 24, 37, the rest and the NYC. There you go. Another cave in all of these elements just put them together and oh yeah, that odor that aroma. That stench you're burning freedom is right there in your nostrils, you know? That was a great, as always, Michael Moore is great, but that was a great letter to Bush. Straight to the moon. Alice. And if he doesn't want to go to the, you know, like the regular or near pedestrian moon, guess we're all signal. Pacalo. Yeah, that would be good too. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Yeah, we might if we took 100 or 200 calls in the next couple of minutes. Good. Good one. You'll see. Let us start now. WQAM. Measure both. What's this? Ancestible. One asshole's enough. WQAM. Hello. Yeah, like fucking the opposite. Speaking. Oh, hey Neil. I've a comment about Gores and Dorsland of Howard Dean. Yes. I don't think it's going to do any good. And the reason is because of the way was handled. I don't think Gores had a lot of credibility anyway. It wasn't like a 2000 election. That people were voting for him. They're voting against Bush. So I think his impact would be minimal at best. And the way was handled. I think it's coming. Well, how do you know that the people of order for Gore were all voting against Bush? I don't know. Are voting for continuation of the eight years of prosperity under Clinton? Obviously they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, Not everybody. Now I can't make a judgment like that. But I think let me just say a lot of the people that voted for Gore were voting against Bush. I got Gordon even when there's only one thing. Well, let me ask you something. Let me ask you this question. Don't you think that no matter who the Democratic candidate is next year. That a lot of the people who vote for him will be voting against Bush? Absolutely. In fact, I would think a hell of a lot more now that we know what we got. Well, I'm giving back to Gore. I think he put a lot of time and thinking about this endorsement. I mean, it wasn't a spur of the moment thing. But I think in the case, don't you think that leave them in the way was handled. Didn't they anticipate that would be an issue and kind of make them come out to be. He's not going to be incredible or incredible. He already looked. Nobody cares about leave or many. He doesn't want to accept the fact that he, you could put his, his real true died and was supporters in a phone booth and have them left over for a pretend mob bowls of multiple soup. I mean, he doesn't have any real supports. It's just bogus based on name recognition. Oh, no, no. He has to move it out there for Julie Breman. So all of this whining about how it was done behind his back. He didn't owe him anything. This is the guy that cost the new election. Him and Ralph Nader are the people that cost the new election in 2000. Well, he picked him. You know, what can you say? I mean, go or pick them. He won. Go or pick him as his running mate. Right. And I was a bad mistake. Sometimes you learn from your mistakes. Okay. Maybe he's got a distance himself. Now from his right wing lunatic. Which is all he is. One more quick comment. Yeah. Archbite wing conservative slightly the right of a tilde on. Yeah. And I disagree with everything you say. But I listen to you every chance I get because the bottom lines, even I disagree with you. You're entertaining. I think that's what you say. Almost. Except about religion. I agree with you on that. Okay. Have happy non-denominational holidays. Thank you. Thank you. 1056 where you see is right wing. That's why he's hoping. The government gets it because then it reduces. That we can have another right wing. But he's entitled. At least he's listening. Like I said. 1057 at 560 WQM. Listen to this. One of the best kept dining secrets in town is in crawl springs. The gold co-sief who grill celebrated their one year anniversary. Sure. Time ago. And they got a big juicy dynamic. The gold co-sief who grill's got specialties that include mango plum salmon. I'm encrusted. Mahi. Orange. Honey. Glazed. Sea bass. And crab and shrimp stuffed. Trout. There's a really enjoyable bar atmosphere too in the place with an extensive line of martini list. Big martini's during happy. Our so big you could practically bathe in them. Only five and a half bucks from 4 to 7 pm every day. Seven days a week. All of these things wait and few. And lots more at the gold co-sief who grill. And crawl springs at 2752. North University. Drive inside the beautiful walk shopping center for reservations and more information call 9 5 4 2 5 5 fish. You can die inside. Outside large parties private functions are welcome too. So without your holiday guests on until right now are coming very soon. Why not take them to a spurns the best kept secret and lunch and dinner dining and all the sound flow to the gold co-sief who grill and crawl springs at 2752. North University. Drive inside the walk shopping center. The gold co-sief who grill you can bet George's life on it. You're always fine great seafood and great prices too. Bye bye. Big Van hit it the upwards flying shop there for the University and, up in the post it finds. Go to STOTskae when you're out. Walk to school take your empanadows and Where lots can travelers. I will wrap it down to me begging you, remastered, let it be Because if we strip it naked then the Beatles have a new CV You must find once more, it's not free Let it be, let it be Let it be, let it be What a merry Christmas, it will be And when you reap all these old song there's still plenty more, we can't release Thank you all for helping me, we got free If you try to steal our music But now I'm only happy, free You'll hear from my lawyers When it's easy, when it's easy When it's easy, when it's easy We will sell you back off when it's easy We don't feel it, make you free We don't feel it, we don't feel it That's why we recite, let it be Let it be, let it be Let it be, let it be Your software is done, it's done for me And for you, we can beat your song We can beat your record No, we'll see Phil, Inspector I just mentioned that in passing Part of the trigger fill, full-a 45,000 45 bucks per band and per rescue As of yesterday, we're probably a little bit about that Now we got a big band hit going on right now It's got Junior, we'll paste the face The red push got Junior, he's out there at the Qmvan On the southeast corner of Pines University New Hooray's Plaza, right in front of Hooray's Just look for his Hooray's From now on to a clock, with our best meal merchandise And of course, the Joe Mark toy driving I wish we knew a little bit more about that What's to know? Bring some toys, bring them to the station Bring some toys, bring some stuff right there you go No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, go crazy with the stuffed animals Oh, there's problem with that What, what, why? Because some children or a allergic to the kind of stuff That can go into stuffed animals so avoid the stuffed animals In other words, we came with some kind of couple of air trucks How about we sell the Aliens family, would they be OK? We'll go for a higher- high-simbed booths for some alien members. That's really a hot one. I'm so in anybody. Yeah. In fact, you know who ought to be suing them as the subporter Cuban community. If they're able to do it. They ought to be suing them as the president. Passing themselves off as the south Florida family. As though somehow the Lazaro Gonzalez family is representative of Cubans in South Florida. Maybe in certain neighborhoods in Sweden, highly of another net. The new to prove the AF could file suit. You ought to be suing their ass for like a bad stereotype. Man, just grow test. And at Maris Grecia's, from Erie the 10 year old kid or whatever was. Anyway, what do we got on here? What other show on QMB listen to most other than Neil? 174 people say, None. 60. 34.4 percent. That's about a third. You jerk. But listen to another show on a station. Mad Dog 56 boys. He amazing. What? He is just phenomenal. Wildly popular. So popular it should be outlawed. Mad Dog Jim Mad is 56. Hank 20, Joe Mark 19, Joe Rose 10. He's just warming back up to the audience again. Mo and guilty five. Nice going. Mo five votes. Absolutely. Mo his wife, the dog. And guilty in his wife. Any K3 in a big, Oh, Find a guy one. Boy, that's sad. At least he's got a computer. We know that. Here's some bad news. Six kids have been found crushed. That's by a classroom all after a US assault on a compound in Afghanistan. The US military be seen. This is on the heels of the nine who died last Friday. Remember that? I do. Oops. Oops. Again. Oops. Yeah. Lieutenant Colonel Brian Hilferty said that it was not clear whether the children along with two adults also killed died as a direct result of the raid in the city of Garde's. Oh, no. I see this. This is one of just an outlawed. This one took place on a Friday. The other one was on Saturday. When nine children died following US arrest record, the Central Afghan Dillars of Patah, about a hundred miles southwest of Kabul. After we went in there, we determined the next day the bodies of two adults and six children are found under a collapsed wall. We don't know what caused the wall to collapse because of what we fired in the compound. That we're secondary and tertiary explosions. Right. Several other people were arrested after the assault by warplanes and troops. He had a but didn't say whether the two adults killed working batons or civilians. God forbid. Well, collateral damage, baby. What is a bitch? God sorts about. Yeah. That's right. God will take care of it. Once they get to them early gates and Saint Peter takes a look at it. I just, I don't know. I'm just a little bit reluctant to read this. Just so many of these stories, you know. And we got two more hours to let dig one to two hours. Just smacks us in a face. Because I know you want to hear a lot of these terrific calls as many as we can get five six seven five six, five six, the only AT and T and Verizon wireless line from the thoughtful people of America. We really have something to say about what's happening in the world. Other than the dolphins get to crap pounded out of my money and I buy the Eagles. At PVPAR. Yes. WQIM. Yes. With Neil, please. Speaking. Hi Neil. Good afternoon. Just reaching out to you. I know that you're a staunch Republican. Hi Ian. Well, listen to you for many years. Obviously on that side. I'm a staunch Republican. And what everything you've communicated over the years. I mean, look at the way you address. You address like a. Oh, that's a different approach. This is the guy. Oh. Who wants to know my artillery well, be doing any appearances. Bobby dressed the same sloppy, who listen to some advice for me. And he got a new hook now, a new hook. Too bad I can't be a snappy dresser would a great haircut like your present. I'm swooning. Here's the facts that says, I just got back from New York City, Blizzard and all, we've got to share this Del Rey Beach moment. Because it was a classic. I had taken the trade up to Penn Station with my wife last week as we celebrated our wedding anniversary. We hit the northeast, either me or city buster, made each year. She isn't crazy about flying, so this time in this time only we amthracted up. It's probably that I'd be, since we would have been stowed in otherwise coming back to this past Monday was like a rascal house on rails. Oh, before Machi bashed, you'd set it in the back of our car talking loud as hell. I'm conversing about the upcoming dinner. The chicken may not be soft enough. The corn always gives me cramps. It's too cold in here. Mind you, some amthract shmuck had the name heat up so high in the train. It should be named the influenza express. The best was yet to come. One of the old farts that's old cochers came modeling back up the off from the dining car. Part of his toe that hit my arm as I said in the aisle. Is he passed? I look back at him as he approached the rear of the car. The piece of clothing I thought he brushed behind me was a tube for me to call us to be bad. Oh my god, now we know why Moe couldn't be there on Monday. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ante Gantelosofrr A boil where you live at for Recallouda was a one kullan Oh, give it to the let's do it once in the middle of the inning. Live, after, you know, let's ah, I think that's a great idea I think the Precincts would have equipment in place to produce paper records by the 2004 presidential election. Oh, right. It gives a little bit more peace of mind. Make it that much tougher than the steel of again. After the election of 2000 in the midterm election, where stories of older problems were not uncommon, we have to put in electoral system in a place when which Americans can have full confidence in grim. The legislation will take us one step further to ensure that every vote reading counts. We don't have another debacle like the 2000 election. You go, boy. Good floor to mind me, Lakes boy. Right. Good more money than God. Let's take a puke at that pool now. I think this is kind of interesting. Not remarkably, but what other show on QMD listen to most other than Neil? Mad Dog 72, non 69, 33% 72 for the man dog. Oh, right. Oh, right. Non 69. Hey 27. Joe and Mark 20. Joe Rose 11. Now, see keep in mind this doesn't mean they don't listen to some of these other shows, but which do you listen to most? Right. Got it. Got it. Joe Rose 11. Moan, guilty six. 80 K for and the big. Oh, we got the vote once. Well, he voted. Here's a disgusting story. Is real trans us assassination squads in Iraq? Is ready? Advisors are helping train US special forces in aggressive counter insurgency. And they're not going to be a good one. But they're not going to be a good one. But they're not going to be a good one. But they're not going to be a good one. But they're not going to be a good one. But they're not going to be a good one. But they're not going to be a good one. But they're not going to be a good one. But they're not going to be a good one. But they're not going to be a good one. But they're not going to be a good one. But they're not going to be a good one. But they're not going to be a good one. But they're not going to be a good one. You've got to look at an airport up the other thing that they too. The George W. Bush GI joke action figure. Accelerate. And then we got right underneath that president Mo Bush, the Mo we look at it. The Mo we like it. And underneath that, you got the commander in Chimp. And I still think precious from passions is PO cheating. Get on there. But take a puke at that. It's biggie of guerrilla tactics. Anyway, the Israeli defense to force the IDF has sent the urban welfare specialist to Fort Braganorth Carolina. Some of U.S. special forces in accord to two sources is really military consultants have also visited Iraq. U.S. forces in Iraq soon he triangle of already begun to use tactics that echo Israeli operations in the occupied territories, sealing off centers of resistance with razor wire and raising buildings from where attacks have been launched against U.S. troops. But the secret war in Iraq is about to get much tougher in the hope of suppressing the batheslight insurgency head of next November's presidential elections. And there was that article in the New York Times yesterday where I go back months and months way back to the beginning of Shockingaw, where the military commanders were saying every single thing they have us do here in Iraq is done with an eye toward next November's elections. How did we leave that story out? But anyway, U.S. special forces teams already are behind the lines inside Syria, attempting to kill foreign jihadists before they cross the border, and a group focused on the neutralization of guerrilla leaders is being set up according to sources for media with the operations. This is basically an assassination program that's what's being conceptualized here. This is a hunter killer team said a former senior U.S. intelligence official who led a Betty feared the new tactics and enhanced cooperation with Israel, but only in flame a vulnerable situation in the Middle East. It is bonkers insane, he said, here we are, we're being compared to the Sharon in the Arab world, and we've just confirmed it by bringing in these Israelis and setting up assassination teams. They're being trained by Israelis in Fort Bragg, a well-informed intelligence source in Washington said. And we'll articles on our website. And then make you feel a little bit better? Oh yeah, much. As we continue making friends and cohorts and companions from coast to coast round of world. Don't forget you either with us or against us. That's the good guys and the bad guys, the evil doers. 1113 at 5.60 WQM have you ever tasted one of those meal replacements for a get about it. They taste like crant. Check out how much sugar they have to. Now there's a great tasting product that's also sugar-free. Inter-wrax diabetic EMT-E-R-E-X. Inter-wrax diabetic is truly the best tasting meal replacement drink ever formulated for people with diabetes and for people looking for a reduced sugar intake. It's sweetened with splendid brand sugar low, so there's no nasty end to taste like you with those drinks that you saccharine or aspirate. Inter-wrax diabetic is a complete balanced nutritional supplement that provides fiber and antioxidants to get its low insaturated fat and cholesterol. Lots of the good stuff, none of the crap. Inter-wrax diabetic is also gluten and lactose-free. And it ounce can can provide 237 calories of the deliciously healthy nutrition that's internationally recommended by doctors and dietitians. I had plenty of it when I was down there and believe you me it tastes really great. So I'll sacrifice proper nutrition when you're sure it's on time try Inter-wrax diabetic once and you'll never go back to the old stuff used to be swollen before. The makers of Inter-wrax diabetic are so sure that you'll love it. They're given away free samples just for the asking. Let me say it again free. If you want to check this out go to NRXDiabetic.com. That's their website. Inter-wraxDiabetic.com. E and TER, EXDiabetic. NRXDiabetic call them word.com or call them toll free at 1-866-368-3739. 1-866-368-3739 and tell them the cranky old meal since you're for the delicious one. And look all this is for the cereal by 60-year-old. We're here. That was a nice meal. It is possible that you could be sent to prison for up to 30 years. As you said here today can you tell me if you want guilty or innocent? I would like to say out loud that I am guilty. Yes. Little miss perfect has fallen on her face. How much money did you actually say by selling your Amphan stock the day before that announced it? A lot. Now come on. Well, over a billion dollars I will be going to prison though. Decorating the prison. Cooking in the prison kitchen. Things like that. Oh yeah. When 2020 returns. I get my kicks really from baking and cooking. That's dogs and kids. Why? That's part of living for me forever. Next. 11.15. 16. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. I don't think we have about Lyle. We have the teacher. We just got the teacher. That's the one. Oh, no. Oh, wait. We Lionel Tate was the one at the mother of the girl. Right. The beater to death. Oh, that's right. He was a professional wrestler. Emulator. I get him confused with Nathaniel Brazil. Right. Is that the one? As a Lionel Tate Nathaniel Brazil. Right. The judges at the fourth district could have appeals rule today that Lionel Tate's first of the American conviction life. It should be reversed because Tate's competency should have been evaluated before the trial. A competency hearing should have been held especially given the complexity of the legal proceedings and Tate's age. The judges wrote in the nine page ruling. Tate's attorney argued before state of California, the boy who was 12 on a kill Tiffany Unick was two immature to understand what was at stake when he was on trial in 1999. After all, 12 year old kid should know that difference between father and somebody in Killing her right? He beat her over a long period. Right. Tate's trial attorneys and I used to have to get militant about this again. Good. Good. Tate's trial attorney said he accidentally killed a girl. He was possibly, while imitating the moves of professional wrestlers, he saw on television. Well, I think it's very least they should take away everybody's TV set. Immerter for murdering a little friend of his little girl by the name of Tiffany Unick. Now you will remember that this was argued that... Wanting a woodabay for woodabay for woodabay in a boy, I guess he would have been a... Did of a crime like this, and in fact that he didn't... You can understand what he was doing. His mother later argued, although with the time, she was actually offered a plea deal to second degree murder if he pleaded guilty to that, but his mother maintained that it was an accident. You'll remember it was a very brutal crime. The authorities say that he had beaten this child for more than five minutes and that she had received more than 30 injuries. Joining us now live is his trial attorney who fought so hard for him to get a new trial. Mr. Richard Rosenbaum, tell me about your reaction when you... Oh, winning a new trial for your client. I see, as well. That's our good friend Susan Candy, I'll be right there. I would be a private lawyer. And I came into the picture shortly after the conviction. We're static with the Fort District Court of Appeals ruling today, ordering a brand new trial for young Lionel. The Court ruled that there was not a sufficient showing that Lionel was confident pre-trial, and if the Court committed error in refusing the post-traum... How long did the Thangham Resil get? A trophy cardboard cookie. Oh, I don't know, seriously. It seemed to me at the time that the Lionel Tate verdict was even harder than a Thangham Resil. And obviously, the Thangham Resil was far more egregious. He took the gun to school and he like... A teacher away. What is that thing called? Is that called a serving of observant lifetime? Sir, sir. I bet you I know who called him with that. And anyway, so we got a new trial for Lionel Tate, who was going to be serving like, but the... Apelic Court said, ah, ah, not so fast. Nobody called it. Oh, good. What a memory. How is in Secretary Martinez' resigns for Florida run? Remember Governor Bob Martinez? Yeah. Dracula? That's what he's doing. Yeah, Dracula. Because he had the same post as Bella Legosi. Eddie, help me, Eddie. President Bush's Housing and Urban Development Secretary. Mel Martinez submitted his resignation yesterday. Republican City had entered the race for that. Senator Senate seat in Florida, the one that Bob Graham had run for again. Martinez, a Cuban-American, uh-oh, notified Bush by letter that his resignations effective on Friday this week. I appreciate the energy optimism and compassion brought to my administration Bush and the statement and of course the gui adverse that he loaned me every now and then. There you go. Mel Martinez is going to run for the West Senator from Florida. A lot of bad news. Broward Commissioner, in case Panthers be financing request. Let me say again, you got the Panthers and the Bruins at the macro. We now certainly hope a lot of people go to the game and actually pay for the tickets because if they have nothing but an arena full of freebies tonight, to try to impress Gary Bettman, is it going to work? No, now all he's going to go is a day. That hooked those idiot Gary Bettman. He's an idiot. He's an imbacil. Hey, Gary, I hope you're listening since you're in South Florida today. You're destroying the game that I know would love. All right. And by the way, how about that Leafs come back last night even when he lost it over time, scoring with 16 seconds left? Maple leads red wings and Montreal Canadian. Yes, he did. He got that was real hockey back in those days back in the days. They say, and I hate when they say that back in the day. Where did that come from? Black talk. I got another MLMILD. Yeah. Mild. Man, I'd like to do her. Man, I'd like to do him. And I'd like to do them. Man, I'd just like to do it. MLD, as opposed to the MLF, you know? Yeah. Like when Josh yesterday has explained to an old far like me what that means, the words from American freaking pie. Although I do like to can pie. But you know, you can't say it on the air, but MLD, man, would I like to do her? Would I like to do them? Would I like to do it? Say, and then Mild. Sure. Right. Never worked. Hey, proposal by the Florida Panthers to be financed that on sunrise's office depot center was approved by the Brown County Commissioners yesterday. Oh, why they do a lot of things. We still haven't figured out like that airport story will get to about the runway expansion. Yeah. They had a million people. They're all saying, don't do it. So they did it. Yeah. That's right. I got the story. We'll listen to your concerns. Maybe finance could produce as much as $12.6 million or win fall, but he financially troubled team receiving 60% and the county keeping 40% however, the county will have to contribute $1.9 of its five million dollars for re-name permits. So in other words, the county would get the leftover $3.1 million. Paul Tree 3.1 made in commissioners voted 63 to approve the refinancing plan. Despite concerns about the county's share of the windfall and the Panthers fiscal condition, we have on their hair we need to do our part to keep them said commissioner Laurie Parish. Nice going Larry. You go. I'll glory. Larry. Let her. How your name is this week. You go girl. Laurie Parish as we need to do whatever we can even of course. They're off the source and rate nobody. We'll go on. So all season ticket orders can get four free tickets for tonight's game. The stupidest tomorrow's organization using that call by Dave Ann Boring and the last out in the world series victory. That's an embarrassment. It's something you'd like to hide enough vault and make sure nobody ever hears again. So what do they do? They drag it out and they put in their promos to try to win thus people out there to buy Marlon tickets for next season. Nice going guys. I mean, nice going with the team but Jesus Christ. But it comes to marketing. You can't complain about the efforts in South Florida because they generally don't exist. And the thing with the Panthers, I mean, a blatant email that they send to all of a season ticket orders about all well, we're going to offer you four free tickets for the Bruins game Wednesday because we really want to have a big crowd in there. A lot of asses in the seats to make commissioner Gary Betman really impressed because he's going to be in town. Wouldn't that be great? Yeah. That would be like having a whole bunch of people standing outside our building with radios to into QAM. I got a better idea. Turned to Mr. Ego station with radios turn if they could figure out what frequency was I'm going to tell you they really listened to it. You know, stations that I have no idea. Need to do that. Anyone know if you held a gun to somebody said they couldn't tell you the call. I don't think it's a WNM. And by the way, looked up your numbers again in the latest book and trends mystery. Go and you could put your audience in a goddamn telephone booth and everyone from the Chinese army left over in there. I just mentioned that in passing Mr. Hotchout that thinks he's well, I'm not going to consider eight to ten a few women. And there's anybody else. Okay. We'd hair cast your novel. Before we knew when it said to put in your sorry. I was on there with your fake body parts in your 85 adaptive kids. I cracked myself up a couple turns thinking about that. Oh my god. Now we know what they call a Mr. Ego. Jesus. What an asshole. 11 27 at 5.60 WDQAM. Hey, it's the most wonderful time of the year to be discovered at 2. That it's wonderful when you sleep. When you beat your feet out of Mississippi mud. He got him a king called mattress and bottom actress with heavy frame and he says, Don is the GM of the South Florida. Help them out and he's a happy, happy camper now. Or can you imagine him just just pop and down on that thing huh? What a thought. Anyway, it is a great time of the year for a lot of people. I get a lot of gifts. I have a lot of fun. Meet the family friends, etc. But all the slump it around in the crowded malls fighting the traffic along register lines and parking hassles. Make it in one way of pain in the ass. So make your gift giving a little bit easier this year for the ones you love and for yourself. A gift certificate from dialometres. Just make that one easy call at 1 800 macros and give the gift. I'll be taking you for you four year and in year out night in and night out. dialometres has got gifts certificates in any denomination even in Lutheran. A new bed for the master bedroom makes a perfect gift you'll both enjoy for years. No phony promises, no bait and switch does discount prices every day on a brand name. You know what love now even including Stearns and bananas foster. dialometres got the guaranteed lowest prices on Stearns and Foster. He went in the world and they still give you that unbeatable delivery deal. You picked a day in time for a delivery seven days a week and into our window. 8 A and 10 PM they'll be there. On a sales practice is fantastic service on beatable everyday low prices same day delivery and free set up and rules all of these things make it simple to see for even a moron by dialometres is right the best in the world. That's a boot in customer satisfaction. Call them today tool free 1 800 macros 1 800 mA TTR ES or online check them out of course at mattress.com. Happy holidays from all our pyzons and your good friends at dialometres. 5 A and 10 local species 560. 3 years old yours. Oh, you win. Okay. 9 9 10 9 9 8 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 6 7 9 12 8 9 9 9 8 9 9 9 3 I'm 33, I just tried to remember what he got. Maybe somebody will call in and tell us or maybe not. I looked it up on you and I couldn't find it. But it seemed to me that the sense he got was more lenient even in Lionel Tate. And there was no comparison. It's what we call it. I mean Lionel just to me seems like he had all there. I mean. How do I come to his defense? Because then you could all bend out of shape and I'm not defending him. I'm not really doing it. I agree with you. And you know what? Same difference. Oh, oh yeah. US allies denounced bar on Iraq bidding. You see, you're either with us or against us. And you were not the joining in of our illegal attack. I mean our operation Iraqi freedom. Then we're going to like stick it to you. No nations, no shins and nations that oppose the West-led war in Iraq denounced today. Depend on to decision to bar their companies from bidding for 18.6 billion dollars worth of a reconstruction contract with France of all people questioning its legality and Canada threatened to halt a day. Germany denounced the Pentagon decision calling it unacceptable and Russia issued an implicit threat that in responsive would take our heart or line on restructuring Iraqi debt as Washington seeks. We know to I don't know the Randy seeks in Washington. We know to what the establishment today reports the reports that we speak out about it with the American side German Foreign Minister, Yashka Fisher said after talks with Antonかな part Igor Ivanov who used to play for the Red wings. The director from U.S. deputy defense secretary Paul Wolffewitz limits bidders for 26 ls.loaded of contracts in Iraq, decisions from US, Iraq and Poland and other countries which have centuries to remove Iraq. I'd be like that initial reaction from other nation's post- resposta aback-lashing paris for a ministry spokesman Airfay although he is used to drive at Mo哈 grace way so that France had taken her to the Pentagon's decision of with setting National Law. In other words, again, another great way to just keep isolating ourselves from everybody else, just piss off the world. That's the bush mentality, baby. You read the witness or against this. You read the good or evil. Evil. 28 years. Just like Edna Wallace would say on passions, evil. Yes, he line a lot in the thing of Brazil that got 28 years and line a lot of take God life. Right. And at the time, I thought this is outrageous because Nathaniel Brazil brought the cut of school and it was in jam with why did he go ahead and see his girlfriend, some girl in one of the classrooms and the teacher who happened to be a really respectable, well, like teacher 35 years old, I think something like that with a wife and a family. He said, no, he can't do it. And he said, well, in that case, you're dead. Man, what are we talking about? They should have fried him right on TV. 319 votes. What other show on QMD listen to most other than Neil? 3 now for the big season last place. 560 50 50 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. We're getting flooded with call about alien about the family suing everybody in their brother. We're getting flooded with call about the animal care in the retrial. Huh? Nobody cares. We're tired of that. Are we tired of alien? Oh, come on. Let's bring him back one more time. What do you say? Come on, alien. Do a little bit of a tunnel for it on a half in Neil. Come on, alien. Maybe the apple. Let's control picture of it and see if it's bigger than breadbox. WQ AM. QAM. QAM. QAM. What are radio turned way up? We actually need to know. No chance. 560 50 50 50 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. No women again today. They're busy preparing all the tenuka stuff. What do you eat on the honor? Anyway, you tell me. I don't remember. I guess. Come here, Andy. Conica. Can't you know, you know, you call a guess? I guess. I don't know. Call a conica. Yeah. On chinuka. I guess a multiple super maybe you see. Kishki would be good. Always never is a bad day for Kishki. This will tell in Kali and potato lottees. Is this the what telleries that we have potato pink? Which I sound so unjewish because I eat these things all the time. Don't have to be some special holiday to have potato lottes. I'm going to speak in a great lot cause we used to get from a car. Yeah. Wow. Oh, man. It's our cream and our apple sauce are all of these things. Man, we don't know. Sure. For some of that right now, uh, corkies and tellies that I was just thinking that. Yeah. We could describe it to you. Great. Oh, I got it to say the word. Corkeys will be there. If not today, by tomorrow. Say the word. Like his to sink a battleship. In fact, no, I brought them over on New York. Just appear. Anyway, how we doing out there at the QAM van. Any word from crazy Scott? No word. Scott, you and your South there waiting for your donations for your combined pickup our best to meal. C.D. And of course, the most holiday that I've ever did. And also bring your rejoice for the Joe Mark toy drive. He's an acute and van from now to add the southeast corner of the Pemba of Pines Road University drive in the Hollywood. Is that Hollywood? Yes. Yes. Or is that maybe it's still from a girl like on the cusp of Hollywood. Pines. He Hollywood. He uh, something in it's right by the Hooters. So look for the QN van by Hooters and look for Scott and his Hooters. Maybe he's just got such a long line. There is no chance to call you Josh. That could be of what you think. No. No. Oh, here's a call on line one. What is what? Use it since we fixed it. QAM. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Happy holidays to you. And back to you. Happy Christmas in Chinooka. Gary Batman Blones. He's the worst hockey commissioner they've ever had. Yes sir, right? And the spirit of punch in like this right here in South Florida. Well, hello. And a spirit of a hard-crawl Tim Horton and Carl Bruer are doing it too. Go leaves go. There's an old leaf fan there. Oh, ancient. That's okay. We'll take it. Maybe it was Johnny Barron calling. WQAM. Oh, no. No, no, no. You take the deep breath then. You're done. The breather. Take a breather sweet heart. He's winding up. He won. WQAM. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Hey, Richard. How are you doing Neil? I'm doing okay. How are you doing? Did you ever get my birthday present? Which is what? I remember you've talked in one time right around with who laughed at you for a day that you had missed the CBS 75th anniversary three hour special. I think this is Rick. This is Rick. Yeah, right. Right. I think it doesn't sound like you Rick. I think this is a stunt rich. I don't think it's the real one. No, no. The real. I did get it and I thank you for hugely very very much. I was a very nice thing. I thank you several times on the air because I sure you weren't listening. I won't. I'm sorry. I get it. Hang on you. I just want to make sure you got it. Wish you happy birthday. Much appreciated and have a great holiday Rick. Thank you, sir. Thank you. Get that clap clap clean for the New Year, can't hear him. Okay. Okay. And it was a nice thing. Rick Shaw, because he heard me mention on the year. I had missed the CBS 75th anniversary deal. So he sent me on DVDs of the whole thing. Remember that? Yes, I did. That was a nice thing. In fact, I got him in the other room. I have to take a puke out of one of these days and see the whole two. What was the three hours I think? Mighty White, ever. Rick Shaw, good man. He's been on the air for over 40 years. I believe in South Odie's been there for a couponsage man since way in and back. In fact, he was on this station when it was great, when it was good. When we're just doing a bunch of stupid sports shows. Right. We had a great jingle's man. We were supposed to be in the 5C3. You a.m. July. I am not. I'm not saying. After years of failed attempted mergers with cable news channels, Disney owned ABC has decided to launch their own 24 hour news channel. Here's what it may sound like. What do you think? This is animals reporting from Orlando. Our top story this evening. Nine people were injured when they fell off the loop and it could be something else. In other news, 4,000 people experienced explosive diarrhea. I'm vomiting. Walt isn't barking the. That are the water to sports. Here's the thing. Gorsh, Rick. I've got nothing. Why do you? Okay, then. Good job, there, Raymond. What's it that I should go under picture? Stamming by and me ABC, weather center. Here is Uncle Wimus. Back together, boss. I'm under to the weather. How is you vacation, both? I don't want to go anywhere to go to the dancer. There you go. You're right. Sorry. I'm sorry. We don't have time. We are up this winter report to take you live. Why right? And special correspondent Donald Duck Donald, can you hear me? Are you excited? I think we're having some top ones with a saddle. Can you be more clear? I'm not getting it Donald. No, not Donald. Have you? What the duck is going on, Raymond? I get it. I said a word. He's saying. Anyway, you are more weather ball. Go ahead. Hurry up. There's a storm coming in Orlando. It looks like we get him shot. The wicked damn shot. That's what I said before. Who's after this? I'm pretty seven at five, 60 WKM happy Wednesday. Happy holidays. Happy happy. Anyway, the happy jimada should be longer too. The wildly popular mad dog. Right. The Humper had four way to insobed himself. He's got uh, who's he got? Jay. Uh, who? I were a windman. Jay. I were a windman on at five and he got to your panther stuff. Oh boy, get that place filled for Gary Vemond that I might lose the franchise. Eddie K. follows the hockey game to him. Mark overnight. Anyway, speaking of that. Thanks to somebody who, uh, and did you check out his website by the way, the world socialist website? No. tragic. But anyway, at least they thought it's the story about Nathaniel Brazil. Since July 27th, uh, uh, what, what, uh, I found that. I said that to me. Well, the mother they have to do with the, the person who said check out his website. That's, that's from them. When you forward an email from them, you see. Yeah. That's, uh, they're a little thing that pops up. Yeah. But that's where the story is. Right. Anyway, forget about it. Just just where you come down. Nathaniel Brazil, 14, was since July 27 and a floor to court to 28 years in prison without the possibility of parole. It was convicted as an adult may 16 a second ago. We were to the shooting death of 30 year old. 7th grade teacher at a middle school and Lake Worth, Florida last day at classes. May of 2000. He was only 13 years old at the time. Where? And the last part of this on his socialist website says, uh, it's just, it's just amazing. What transpired that they had Lake Worth Middle School, tragically affected two lives. Barry Gruno referred to by Nathaniel Brazil as his favorite teacher. Dye leaving behind a wife and two small children. Nathaniel will be in prison for close to three decades. Clash conscious working people should be outraged and a political establishment that advocates the incarceration of its younger citizens as a legitimate response to disturbing social problems. Oh, man. Oh my God. That makes me want to puke and I have anything all day. I didn't read any further than just that way. Well, at least we got the information. And I was right Nathaniel Brazil got like a slap on a wrist 20 years man in theory. And the other kid Lionel Pate, who was just, uh, unfortunately, like I said, got several brismos in, uh, he gets a life. Speaking of stories with, uh, this one got a better ending, at least you'll think so, since you're one of those a gun people. Robbers slain by fight and owner in Brooklyn. This is from the Daily News. The hero owner of a Brooklyn pet store, Russell, they're going away from two robbers and shot both men dead last night. Police say, the street justice was delivered after the thugs entered J. G's quality canines. At 2434 still while Avenue and Graves into about 18 payment on to stick up cops said, one robber pistol with the store employee. The owner then grappled with one of the bandits and managed to get his gun police said the owner man in his 40s fired several rounds and fatally struck both men in the chest police said. Finally, a shop owner gets justice and gets to go home to his family in the bad guys lose said Billy Biker, 22 years in neighborhood is about time. You go Billy. Cops recover two hand guns at the scene. Ritz Solice 30 was on his way home when he saw the store owner identified by neighbors only as Ivan, run out of a shop and approach the cops. He said, oh my god, I think I killed two people. Solice said he said go inside. He was very nervous. He kept saying, I got the gun. I shot him and they said, all right. Yeah, that. Solice said the owner had blood stains on his hands. A pair appeared to his straw to kept putting his hands to his face. As he spoke, frankly, though the officers, Biker said he heard three rapid gun shots. Coming to the direction of these pet shop. This surprises me because it's a very safe place. You have to be buzzed in, Biker said the store, you have to be buzzed to go in. A store worker was injured in the hand during the incident and the taken to Kony Island hospital. Police said the store has been robbed several times in the past. Neighbors said Ivan has run the shop for more than 20 years, takes excellent care of his pedigree pups and that's good. He's a dog lover and a good guy and he's scumbags from in there and he saved the people in the Yorker. I have a lot of money. Okay, nice going Ivan. You go boy. That's where you go boy. Don't say boy. Wow. Oh, speaking. Don't say this. Don't say that. The Minsk indoor land WKRK maximum FCC fine. Oh, this is from Radio and Records. The FCC yesterday find infinity FM talker WKRK Detroit. The statutory maximum of $27,500 for the broadcast of indecent material within the Commission's safe harbors. Specifically WKRK received the highest level financial penalty for the 430 to 5pm segment of the January 9, 2002, Demonsky and Job program during which station personnel invited listeners to call into discuss sexual practices and techniques. After reviewing the broadcast, the FCC ruled that they can conversation include an explicit and graphic sexual and extraterrestrial references. Calling the material extremely looted in vulgar and saying it appeared or been used to pander, titillate and shock. Oh my god. Interestingly, infinity did not dispute that the material was indecent instead arguing that the FCC's definition and definition of indecent see is unconstitutional. I think they got an excellent point myself and I always had thought that because the FCC and your government, they just make it up as they go along. First, there was the 730 words that WBAR, which George Carlin nearly 70s, that wasn't good enough. So now we had like expanded to like a sexual activity in extraterrary or whatever it is. It just make it up. The fine against infinity brought separate comments from FCC Chairman Michael Paul and the 3 FCC Commissioners. Commissioner Michael Cops said the fine was an adequate. He said they should have conducted a hearing on River Kation of the station's license. Commissioner Kevin Martin also expressed this appointment with the fine saying that since the broadcast included conversations with nine colors over half our period, the station should have received the statutory maximum fine for each call, which would result in the fine at 347,500 bucks. FCC Chairman the anxious Michael Paul meanwhile fully supported the commission's decision to hand WKRK. The maximum fine for its broadcast saying the blatant broadcasting of filth of this extreme nature has no place on our nation's airways and you have no place on our nation's bureaucracy, Mr. Paul. He said broadcasters should take this latest actions yet another sign that the commission will continue to rigorously enforce our indecency regulation. Commissioner John of Able steam offered similar sentiments but was dismayed by infinity's desired a challenge the FCC rather than just roll over and play dead in the separate responsibility for such an extreme violation of our rules as he put it. How do you like that? So, the infinity just keeps forking out the cash hold on this case they're fighting it again. Good for them okay they got the big bucks it's fire come they got they got the inside back. What other you know I'm going to leave this pull up by the way. Okay, I'm not going to do the other one because I can't believe how the show is just flying along it's like going to get the way for me. It is we only have the noon to one hour then we got our one to two our world famous comedy bits are one to two which they hate but I don't care I like it and you like it too. And so the other pull takes building we'll save it for tomorrow. Nice thinking they'll good right brilliant right genius because this we want to get everybody's take on is this is a survey of our listeners and I'm sure that our gigantic staff of you know a list that we have who analyzed listening to the ratings all these things. Yes. Our bozo sitting around back with our legs crossed they'll love be checking that is if they have any idea that we've never website you only tend to have an idea we have a website is when puts a fountain on like oh do you we don't want to be associated with that. One other show I WQM you listen to most other than Neil 371 people of China and that's not bad mad dog 148 nobody can touch the mad dog. I want to give you a kiss. No. None 1728.8% know what the show is they wasn't only Neil. Hank 41. June mark 35 36 just went up again. Hey Joe quit quit. Go back to sleep in and quit. Three. Two on mark 36. Joe rose 19. Moan Gildi are stuck on that same number they had like a long time ago. Yeah. Any case seven to big. Five probably a bunch of beeners. Then he sounded like a beener. Eddie Kate. The big O. He sounds big Odenary. Does he? So like a very late. I got 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line we want to get at least 4, 5, 600 calls between now and one. Don't we? Yeah sure. WQM this will be a good one. Hello. Ryan's the wireless line we want to get at least 2,000. QAM. I told you that'd be good tonight. One more quick. Before the break. WQM. Neil. Yes sir. Hey about leave him in. Didn't one him in. He didn't stop running in his home state because he figured he was going to lose. For a Senate yes. Yeah he's such a greedy Jew. See I hate the Jew. See there you go. Breeding anti-Semitism from coast to coast. Old Jewelie Bremen. Oh. See that? Mm-hmm. He does. He makes me sick. He's a walking ad for anti-Semitism Jewelie. Then him and Gary Betman to him. Maybe they can alope. Larry Kate. By the way, Gary Betman. I hope somebody's got the radio line in your listening water and South Florida. We all hockey fans in where we hate you like. Pursue wish you would just go away. Go eat some halivar and I hope it's stay. I hope you choke on it and get lost. Okay. You're killing the game. Clutching and holding franchises that have no reason to exist. All kinds of crap. Man you would. And of course it's always the same story we Gary Betman. Oh everything is going waterfully in the NHL we have no problems. Take a look at those attendance numbers and they're bogus anyway. Bruins and Horbon Halle played the other night. That was announced which you know is always like double what's reading the as ashes in the seats like 5, 6,000 people a game. Ten complaint about the people buying tickets for the Panthers game because generally there aren't any. The Atlanta trashers, the buffalo sabers. It's a legal epidemic of empty seats. So take your seat. Get out of bus and get lost, Gary. Okay. Go back to a campus case. You're going to have your from. 1157 at 5, 60 WQM. How's Katrina doing? We hear anything from her maybe the end of the week. A still 10 and a half actually she said just right. Well that's not bad. She's holding her own. Katrina's lost 10 and a half pounds on balance for life. She's continuing even to run a holiday to hold her own and she'll get a lot better than that believe me because she's determined to do it and you will be too because balance for life is the simple the easy way to watch the weight pour off your ass your ass on that scale because they do all the figuring all accounting all the calculating for you. There's no chopping, no cooking, no cleaning, no calvary counting, no carb counting. Nothing to worry about except just reaching out for that black sackage you do every morning, which they deliver right to you. And you open up the sack all the food you want for the day delicious fresh stuff is in air three gourmé meals. Two delicious snacks they're in there. And you'll be full. You'll be happy. You'll be satisfied because there's nothing pre-fab, it's all fresh and delicious and you even get to choose between two alternatives for each meal and stack every day that's run a program. You fill out the menu that's only working to do except feeding your push with that delicious food. Like I said, the weight starts pouring off while you're ass on that scale in just a matter of a days. So if you're frustrated with a low carb diet so if you try everything out of the sun and you're still a fat tub will infill into good and you can't find any clothing to wear for the holidays give yourself a gift. Give yourself a gift a good health and look and better from balance for life. Calm today nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine are for more information check them out of the web at balance for life dot com. You Go Mr. Moons and I've been in there to do well to warn an hour Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music bag a people file story She was a pure and wholesome as Britney Spears is a filthy wet slut or was she She was Debbie Gibson When we spoke to Debbie Gibson it's Deborah I noted Deborah Gibson now don't you understand I'm not that little girl anymore Now we had a problem we still had to do a segment of Debbie Gibson But she refused as an interview all we could find was this brief snippet of Debbie from a 1980s recording session I do that again. It was pretty good on the way in but quite frankly I sucked through most of it No, I'll do it again. Just let me give my photo right desperate for an interview Armour only with this sound bite and frankly eager for revenge We inside the behind hand to ask ourselves why was Debbie Gibson so anxious to put the past behind her This prompted our first question So Debbie what did you think the first time you slept with a doggy? Can I just add a gun? Oh really what made the experience of betting down with an animal so rewarding? It was pretty good on the way in why you little minks Brass taxed dead What was really going on with you in the 80s? Quite frankly I sucked through most of it. That must have been difficult for you Debbie Gibson No, no, I'll do it again. Just let me give my photo rest And there you have it. Thanks Debbie. Oh, sorry Deborah Next time girlfriend stay for the interview. We're not the people you want to piss off It's a big juicy shopping went look at show business tonight uninside the behind couple four five six the WQM we've raised a fortune out there at the QM van der de la Bahamas we gun. Uh, we got 80 bucks on it's pouring Oh, it's pouring all over the place down here apparently. Oh, it's uh, murky and cloudy here and dripping a little bit But it is exactly pouring so that'll be the excuse today. We only raised 80 bucks because it's raining cats and dogs And we're trying to help out cats and dogs, but nobody seems to care today for a band and pair rescue We got uh, well he's got nothing else to do. Scott sit on his hands out there Scott Junior till tour clock is on his southeast corner of pines and university right by hooters In a QM van so we'll see we'll do the best we can right bring some toy still for Joe Mark. No stuff the enemy will please Right right So speaking of all this business of our well Canada and Germany and the France are gonna get the chance at any of the contracts to rebuild Iraq If the report is accurate it would be difficult for us, meaning Canada to give further money for the big construction of Iraq So it's Canadian deputy prime minister John Manley who is in Paris for a state bank We're given out of retiring prime minister John Cricin John Cricin To exclude Canadians just because they are Canadians would be unacceptable if they accept funds from Canadian taxpayers But we can stress never rack Steven Hoge's spokesman for prime minister Cricin said Canada so far has contributed more than $190 million US to the rebuilding effort So in other words, it's okay to take the money, but if you want to Canadian companies to go in here We'd be getting contracts by fungula, okay? So we're just they just continue pissing off everybody in the world except of course the fourth race Now here's speaking of lunatics, grow it approved airport runway of spancing. I just don't understand this Well, that's what we're doing Five hours of emotional public testimony and debate Grow out County Commission who's voted to extend the South runway and we're still building a second runway I'm north side of Fort Lauderdale Hollywood International Airport about 500 people show up at the public hearing which kept more than a decade of debate over the airport Commission is voted seven or two for the two pronged approach under which the county would continue planning for the longest Cust, South runway extension as well as for a north parallel runway south of interstate five 95 I don't think we're good out of this thing making the south and or the west happy said commissioner Kristen Jacobs will Presented the idea the plan would come with strict restrictions The south runway would be as much as a thousand feet shorter than the nine thousand foot runway that's been discussed in Nearly 90s the county would also try to develop flight paths to lessen the impact of airplane landing and take off noise and neighborhoods The county would also agree limit the number of gates at the airport effectively camping growth Commissioners also were supportive of an idea proposed by commissioner John Ross from Rask Airlines Whether they'd pay higher fees to finance the cost of buying homes around the area and help pay the insulate them from noise Right the answer is gonna No way that's one of the they hate that they don't want any part of that The airlines that are trying to like keep their head above water and their planes too I'm trying to sue him and two's name more than 540 people packed the county commission chambers and several other rooms at Broward County governmental center The more than 100 people speak does the robody stake in out seats by five p.m One group friends of the airport handed out stickers reading yes South runway extension long time detractors of the south runway plan Grieaded people with blue t-shirts printed with vote north parallel on on the front and white the crowd overwhelming Supported to alternative proposals just such as the parallel north runway or no expansion at all But dozens of four-law mail residents who live north of the airport also spoke up No matter what your collective decision is not everybody's gonna be pleased that a great figure over the long-day Laws neighborhood north of the airport the collective decision should not just be about the north side versus the south side It shouldn't be malalook a garden versus law today. Oh, that's what it should not be the decisions about what's best for the whole county Well, they listened and butter beat but a book but about and most of the people were getting it. They went ahead and did it seven or two So I was really a very worthwhile hearing on it. Yeah, they listen to the people and they said a period right Man with explosives held near US embassy in Bay route Lebanese soldiers arrested man carrying a bag full of explosives as he tried to enter the West embassy NABRUIT suburb today security sources be saying a Person with suspected improvised explosive device try to get into the embassy embassy guards found him suspicious The Lebanese army forces arrested him an embassy source said A Lebanese security source said soldiers searched the man carrying a sports bag at the external entrance of the embassy and found Explosives inside he said it wasn't a media pair of the man in his 30s Kind of looms up at the embassy Who's always be cautious the guy's carrying a sports bag. I used to do that in college. You know was in it sports Oh, fear Here that's a 40 a fake ID. I used to button by everybody's fear. They used to paint me They used to buy my beer and I go and pick it up because I had a phony ID I said I didn't have a phony ID had a New York state the drivers license with the nose days You could like erase it in pencil practically and like put a wheelie There would no picture no nothing And so I took the ID to look restore it and then they used to it was a one-time deal and if you could sell them on it It would give you like a little card. They put in their roll of the X and once you're in a roll the X man you're in You're pretty good deal lots of mice to bro. It's under that Good crap. You ever have mice to brown you know it man. That's poor man's choice What other show on WQM? Do you listen to most other than Neal speaking of poor man's choice? 423 votes the big oh oh 7 8k 7 Moan gildy 14. You believe that? Yeah, believe it Joe rose 24 Joe and Mark 39 the Humper 45 None 28.3% 120 or the mad dog 167 39.4% say the mad dog all right Who just gets more popular by the second two bad moa screw-in-up is a dolphin work Peggy a faithful female is nurses. I want to right way in regarding the pool I listen to your show faithfully when I miss a show. I check the archive also listen to Joe rose and mad dog every day Oh, rice dog Peggy. Thank you God bless you She listens every day of the day little dog and the big dog Think we're gonna get a more money out there at the van today if it's raining cats and dogs We sure picked the bad day, you know a little bit later. What are you gonna do? But whatever we get will get you know it's all great We're gonna get to that 50 grand by Christmas day I'm gonna tell you right now. I'm gonna be foaming at the mouth. We got a little over 45 grand Everybody in their brother should be on our website at nealroggies.com Punch it away and buy some merchandise is great gifts for Hanika and Christmas what do you wait non-man get with it stuff? Even a more hard day of the key change you but in fact it's like wolf pain and the crucifix Anybody here's most of voice if you find somebody come into your home. You don't want there Just here the sound of most voice though one like a son of a bitch or no What this is right 567 05 60 pound 560 on a AT and T and Verizon wireless line WQA in All right, yes, sir Neil yes, I am Hi There is an article in cigar monthly your close personal friends cigar Dave The article was Retired general Tommy Franks. Yeah, we had that on there about three weeks ago, sir. Thank you from cigar fishing auto Remember that story? Yeah, I told our scurrier was he said and if we have any kind of a a weapon a master's restaurant Attack on the US even forget about the Constitution forget about this former thank you very much, sir But we had that on a long time ago. Thank you forget about it. I beg your pardon. That's what I do Geeks officers say don't ask don't tell doesn't work Three retired military officers two generals and an admiral who have been among them Most senior uniform officers to criticize the don't ask don't tell policy for homosexuals and military The disclose yesterday that they are gay. Oh The three Brigadier general Keith Kerr Neurulation deterioration deteriorate or what's yellow one Kermiggy Randy and Brigadier general Virgil Richard both of the army and rear admiral alms Steinman of the Coast Guard Well, you should know that a rear admiral might be yeah said the policy had been an effective undermined military's Corvette used truth odd or dignity respected and take with you this had they've enforced a lot of their friends family and colleagues The serve their country in doing so they said they had to evade and deceive others about a natural part of their identity The officers said they were the first generals in admiral to come out publicly. They hope others would follow They're the highest ranking military officers to acknowledge that they are gay Colonel Margaris Camerarier was discharged from the Washington State National Guard denied two for being a lesbian She was later reinstated How do you like that? Dikes are in now, so she was sorry Nearly 10,000 service members have been discharged from being gay under the Donas don't tell policy Which was signed at a law by President Clinton remember 30th 1993 after the right wingers in the command after all the Converses and all you can't do that bill When you try to like eliminate those laws against gay's the military like just about every other country in the world Even he is really right the group made the officers available in New York Times as part of a campaign to mark the anniversary of the policies official inception Donas don't tell was a compromise to prevent gay men Muslims to serve without fear for harassment or expulsion as long as they shut up As long as they stay deep in a closet And nobody large heart him There you go. That's America for your baby. Just stand a closet via liar be a phony Just like our present be a phony our a wall president don't forget to go to new rages dot com and take a look at mowa Howard bush It's a it's a beautiful thing Seriously, I didn't realize that I know that he's got rumskilled in chainy. You think they are those three students Yeah, that could be another image For 13 at 560 WQA, but just wouldn't be Christmas without a Vermont teddy bear out of the tree and adults love as much as kids do The mother and come said is perfect for mom You can add as many comes as you need with your kids name on the outfit or send a baby's first Christmas bear and put the babies name on a bib Each Vermont teddy bear is handmade and for momma will last forever so call her friendly bear Councilman 1 800 829 bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear dot com. There's guaranteed to be a perfect bear for everybody on your list Like the Santa bear or the peace on earth angel bear and guys you can send your wife or girlfriend to fun bear with an attitude or both of them If you like like the holiday heart trob wearing silky heart boxes in the Santa hat You won't believe the amazing reaction will get you might even get lucky or do now have the bear delivered overnight or Christmas week is still on plenty of time Call 1 800 829 bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear dot com Be sure and tell them the crusty old meal at miserable old the authority to call 1 800 829 B-E-A-R My 480 560 U-A-M I There is never never a dull moment had waltz I love looking at Walmart we stayed Walmart way after our ships are over Partly because we love it, but mostly coffee lock the thin More than a story. It's a fun place to be a best thing about being on the Walmart team is not having all those forms and papers That workers with health benefits have to worry about He never know what to go find at Walmart. It just came in for the fun of the immigrants are the best at Walmart They clean our toilets practically for free and Walmart. I don't need no stink in green car. We don't even know about just I don't have to show you on a stinging vashes It's like my morning We're taking drinks on the and like every Walmart are from 18 at five 60 WQM We've been very remiss we had the very famous person die yesterday. You're not even worried Senator Paul Simon feeling away Guy No, not the singer is Senator Paul. I'm used to wear that bowtile. Oh, I should go take a Never him spending a time. Yeah, what happened to him? He's dead. I did know he was sick Paul Simon the bowtower in missionary Santa Rosa from crusade news paper owner to torture a tutor MUS Senator and the presidential aspirin died Tuesday. Day after undergoing heart surgery he was 75 Simon's daughter confirmed his death at St. John's hospital in Springfield Speaking of Springfield you know that actually I'm guiding light which I'll never get to watch anymore, but They actually said what's his name? What's his name Danny is running for mayor of Springfield Illinois It's one of the most of the soap operas. They're like in a city where you know the name right there generic like you don't know if it's Michigan or Illinois somewhere in the Midwest they actually said Springfield Illinois I thought was revolutionary wasn't it? Oh, and like harmony In New England and he but here harmony no you're everybody hates each other and all the merges never happened. They went into the voice You better start watching passion mister. Okay Even just to see Sheridan now before you die you must see Sheridan and you didn't like Sheridan. I like Sheridan I'd to me she's one of the hottest women in the world if I were so in climate I would just wow I'd be crawling on my hands and knees that damn Luis and what's his name Antonio Anyway, here's a fact that says I think some people are missing the poem when it comes to qualifying as a contractor to rebuild Persia haha Those were American made bombs that were delivered by Americanville airplanes flowed by American troops and paid for with American tax dollars Remember to the Victor goes to spoils. That's the American effin way now using trickle body economics American citizens will repeat fruits of war Oops, I think I stumbled on something he says plus totally conceived of it when tongue-in cheek But I'll wait you to farm this is yet a two to many Americans No one of the rest of the world hates Americans was my cheap gas great segue by the way Where's my cheap gas to this story? Then I just put it out from the Christian science monitor. What a segue It's a scene repeated daily throughout Iraq hundreds of motorists queuing on the side of the road waiting patiently for their turn to fill up their cars with gas Maybe that's irritating game It's irritating now. I'm pretty welcome. They're pretty irritated is right e-hob Hussein a student at Baghdad University joined the queue for the liberation gas station at AAM Okay, the liberation gas station must be free gas It took him four and a half hours into the long line of cars stretching almost two miles to reach the pumps It makes me very angry at it's getting versy says For a company floating on the second largest all reserves in the world. It's bitter irony for many Iraqis that the country is facing a few Acreases that's created shortages of gasoline these little carousine and propane How do you like that? Widers coming Officials blame a lack of regular electricity. I wonder why the electricity went out don't you To work the pumps a huge increase in the number of vehicles attacks by militants against oil pipelines A thriving black market dilapidated older oil refineries and increased demand in the Kurdish area of northern Iraq Which was denied fuel during son of Hussein's regime and Offer a lot of the problems stems from black market tears in the perception in the country is that there's an a fuel shortage Which is resolved in panic buying The coalition says a million gallons of fuel ought to be imported from Turkey this week Which the official says will help address the problem and go zone on on for they they got tourists man And they don't have too much electricity so they can't run the freaking pumps if they didn't have the world Which is all underground waiting to be pumped they're waiting to pump it and guess what what Remember what I told you about we might we're thinking about buying some of that The stuff vaccine from the europeans. Oh, oh, we're doing it baby vaccine from the european back home I Mean the unsafe drugs see they want to have both ways They want to brainwash the American public especially the senior citizens are getting screwed with his Medicare bill They want to brainwash the public. Oh, you don't want to get those cheap drugs from Canada. They're not safe Hey, they probably like smuggled into moose job by way of Liberia medicine grotesque place And now and of course the same was being said about Europe any that weren't like right within the confines of the continental U.S. We're not too sure about the Hawaii because they vote democratic and Now all of a sudden that they're running out of the flu vaccine well. We're gonna import that European You're a bunch of freaking liars in the government your liars you're not fooling this kid anymore and anybody Listened with inside of my voice with a brain nose that all of your lie Democrats Republicans independent You're all a bunch of effort liars man. You're a bunch of grave robbers. You're in for your own damn good You can't complain about the heroes. We got to look up to any more because there are no mole No, no, no When we do those polls, who do you admire any? Well, I don't know Yeah, there were some dead people we once admired, but they're all dead now right most of me for their time Christ in Jesus Christler general motors just enough to really frost your ass Anyway, you're gonna like this article. I read some of the TV for the show. Do I have time to read it? I'll make that two The president spoke for the people of the world. It's on our website today by Nicholas von Hoppin and Newsday He says whenever president George W. Bush would judge his a prod to meet foreign officials The question is not what he'll get accomplished, but whether or not he'll be murdered The man cannot sit foot outside the United States without a bodyguard of thousands of our men and women He literally cannot make a public appearance for fear of his life No other world public figure rivals George W. Bush and lowest theme the man is despised everywhere He's a universal hate object. You might think that distinction would have been conferred on Bush's friend The thug ugly Vladimir Putin whose hands are read from his atrocities in Czechsnia, but no the globally reviled politician is the American president In his recent visit to England Bush's host and not even dare invite him to talk to the house of Commons Unless he had been tickled in the silence The newspapers remarked that in this only the second state vis-a-vis American president He made no public appearances for fear they normally law-biting English might have done something untoward to his presidential person For whatever reasons no comparison between these two state visits was made one by the least and one by the most popular American president would roll Wilson If Bush's the despair of most of the world Wilson was its hope Wilson's bodyguard was the common people everywhere he went he was the idol of the masses Road Journalist Mark Sullivan never since Peter the Hermit had Europe so blindly so eagerly followed one leader It was frequently said during the late December 1918 that Wilson could overturn any government in Europe by an appeal to the people against their rulers Midians turned out for him history and E.D., wrote the masses of your European peasantry shopkeepers and Dailyburs look forward to his arrival as men looked in meat evil time to the second coming of Christ Wilson is no other president in our history had the ability to talk to the people of the world and line was that expressed their prayers for liberty independence and dignity as popular as Franklin Roosevelt and John Kennedy were with the humble people of the earth It was nothing compared to Wilson when president Wilson spoke he reached the world when George W. voices He didn't England we seek the advance of freedom and the peace that freedom brings nobody believes him When Woodrow Wilson spoke of peace to self determination of peoples and the spread of democracy Everybody did Wilson of course was a superb speaker who never uttered a word that he hadn't written himself Which is a mediocre speaker who would likely is never uttered a word written by himself But the major difference lies elsewhere Wilson who belongs up on Mount Rushmore with the other Biggies had the flaws to match he let our nation into war that millions of his fellow Citizens literally opposed his civil liberties record makes George W. Bush like a card carrying member of the ACU He had he could say an opium up with the region that sometimes people call me an idealist Well, that's the way I know American America's the only idealist at country in the world He wasn't idealist it was with him that four-nade begins it was with him that America for the first time Goes to war to uphold the grandest of ideals and means it with all the mistakes that were made in negotiating the treaty of Versailles 1919 it remains that perhaps for the first time ever a major world power used it to secure freedom and Suffolk determination for other peoples above all else would rob Wilson said before the world the ideal and goal of all the nations working together to prevent war in established permanent peace The idea of a League of Nations as the instrument who copeless these goals came from many people and organizations But Wilson was the politician who took up this dream and carried it forward until he was spelled by a stroke while trying to convince the American people to embrace it By contrast George W. Bush is a pre-Walsonian the retro politician who is so convinced the world that he wants to boss it That his occasional statements in favor working through the win Wilson's grandchild are not taken seriously When Wilson used the board freedom and had body heft and shape for his listeners when Bush uses it which he does Incessantly if you see this slow-convering on the part of a politician Sinking in the sand in his exertion to produce a puppet democracy in Iraq There is one word however that President Bush never uses and Woodrow Wilson did the word is victory Wilson promised it and delivered George W. Bush can't and won't 27 past moon at 560 WQA and Big News Halipati Xeam C is now autocity Pontiac GMC of Pancrest Expect the same great Neil deals and customer satisfaction your custom to when it was called Halipati for about a thousand years right now autocity of Pancrest it's an end of the occurrence There are a lot remaining 2003s in stock take advantage of zero percent financing for the 72 months or save up to nine grand We would rebates and incentives use crack your knuckles yes Or save up to nine grand with rebates and incentives and George will shrubbed there when you make your deal in crackers knuckles for you Attention least customers ask autocity of Pancrest about their least pull ahead early termination program There's even more great Neil deals at the brand new autocity Pontiac GMC of Pancrest for limited time Just sign and drive home your brand new GMC Sierra with absolutely positively No money down. It's the new autocity Pontiac GMC of Pancrest at 134.01 South, Tixie Highway that's US one across from the falls open every day Seven days week if you might more and for on these great deals called the Neil deal hotline tool free One triple eight five three four forty two eleven That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven keep in mind all officer credit approval See our friends at autocity for details the brand new and exciting autocity Pontiac GMC of Pancrest Low prices without the high pressure on seni Are Plosh Is Find you The colorful eyes and all the rotting cartices are brushed in the side It's Christmas, it must be a place that keeps them out to wait They can't pull off through a minefield and exchange her name The few went out of shoot it in something that took me The few went five challenged lovers joined in our 13th Cause it's Christmas, it must be a place that keeps them out to wait It's a prime resort of religious courts and they are in care of the earth But few got chosen, I got my new pairs anyway But it's Christmas, it must be a huge day Oh, Jack So 33, what ever happened to that walking around a women's underwear? I'm at Santa Claus's CD, you got it? I don't know George's left from it George left George went home, folks, he just left, maybe Josh's got it Don't let me forget to ask him when he comes back Speaking of important things, you got Scott sitting out there on his ass at the QM van Any update? Yeah, actually a lady wrote him $100 check, now he's got $200 Alright, thank you man, whoever you are, we got $200 for a van in Paris You got Scott's lonely out there, of course when you see him you'll understand why he's lonely He should be used to it though, you don't want to get too close to him, Scott Junior And anyway, he's an QM van on the southeast corner of Pines and University drives near the Hooters and we've got our best in Neil Merchandise, he's got the Mohour David He changed which are collectors at him because we think that Mohour will be dying pretty soon And these might be worth something someday, but we doubt it And then we got the best in the LCDs and the much of all this stuff And I'll forget to bring your toys for the Joe Mark toy drive Look at that survey man, it is impressive George right out to take out the cram? Wow, what's he get at the read-os? I thought you had, oh that's right tomorrow you're going to get cookies in potato pancakes You'll see the power of Neil We want our friendship quirky some brisket and the pinkies we would judge tomorrow Sounds good brisket, I'll roll the thing Sounds good Yeah and of course, Beast can come in and partake it is not that easy to get any of the rules Just the brisket, that brisket they brought to one time that was somewhat a best brisket I've ever had in my life Should have been illegal I kept seeing an attack at a tisket, I'd like some more brisket It's an actin's, it's positive for actin's Which is only let me forget the story about the actin's in the egg prices He don't forget that story 511 votes, what other show on QMD listen to most beside Neil 502 now they're pouring in by the ones Mad dog 198, hundred ninety eight for the mad dog he answers I only wish I could be half as popular as the mad dog Seriously None, 141, those sound like the read-os to me Mmm, are they like a cheese flavor or just the regular or a napa deshkin boring? Just watch how cheese Oh that's good And I got a lot of trans fats in a water bottle kid you kill you dead 941, 28% of the audience listen only to the show And nobody else on a station, I don't know if that's good or bad Is that good or bad? Not good It's good We might have listened to all the long even on the shows that they hate Hank 53 Joe and Mark 44 Joe Rose 32 Moan, Galilee 15 They're moving up The big goal is got 11 And it he case got 8 Now here's the facts that says I've tried listening to New York's archives on a webpage It's frustrating when a connection drops and I have to start from the beginning of the show again Is there anything you can do or ask Eric to fix or modify the show's archives So the user can fast forward or jump to the next hour of the show We're asking Eric is the right thing you can do Well, he'll figure it out No, no, I don't know Well, then there'll be so negative let Eric work on it Okay, he's gotten an easy day today now I stared him out with 29 bedtime stories Which I apologize for being at heavy duty I didn't intend that there was just a lot of important stuff And then we wound up with only one pull. You don't have to change it He's got the one for tomorrow. He's all set We can get off his ass now Which quite frankly, we want to be near it Speaking of irritating gas Plus the lawyer listener says, P.S. I only listen to you in a mad dog I can't stand gambling shows with tensed in commercials And I hate that fat if you Hey somebody hate your hand That was easy used to it. He don't care And he threw it one We're used to it. Some people like us. Some people hate us. Some people they can take us or leave us And whatever. Yeah, okay, we're getting big bucks Now listen to this I was going to what was I going to ask a good George I give up Oh, I told Josh don't let me forget that George I asked him about a bit About a bit like the name of the bit You want to know I was asking about walking around the women's underwear Right That the Santa CD I don't know where it's it's not here I've been scouring my blood here I can't find it. Is that a T.M. Century? What is that? I don't know, but it's around somewhere It's got a wide-eyed can see right now It's got a white cover on the CD And it's a, but it's a, okay, I reorganized all the CDs I should be able to find it Well, see if you need your hands on it And then maybe don't let me forget to marmorning You like feed it down to me Okay, feed it up Where would it allow him? Feed it up the line, you know, walking the line Experts a die spring record egg prices see Volcarb, hide protein diets adopted by millions of people Hoping to lose weight have contributed to sharply rising egg prices industry experts agree Egg prices have spiked across the nation recently Weeks reaching 20 year highs I think of what I do love as a good omelet Man, geez, there's a place we go I said they're only for a fantastic Sunday brunch And they make you fresh omelets right there from your post And you know they got like you pick what you want a cheese or a little diced ham Or onions or scat it I'm telling you man, there's nothing like a good omelet And it's great for rackens and inspired what they tell you about all that cholesterol crap It's good for you It really is Holiday baking and thinning chicken floss are probably responsible But protein conscious dieters including those on the popular controversial Atkins diet have created new demand Watch your step, Dr. Bob, please To lat Proteins have gone through the roof and eggs have gone along for the rise You know what's happening in America? What's happening in America? I don't know around the world, no seriously People are sick and tired of the better homes in gardens The all these other below people, full of crap The American Dietetic Association and the American Dietetic Association They don't know what the hell they're talking about If they did we would not be ballooning up like like Like, like somebody stuck a bicycle pump our an And just blew us up like go into balloon So they're more and more people Despally trying like Because they don't believe it, he established many more And the reason being that they're right I'll tell you who else was right was that damn Dr. McCalli Culkin, Kilmer, whatever his name was I will share, I can remember his real name That's the first time in my life I ever heard of homo System, I heard of a few homos But homo system And I started taking that full of folic acid Heavy-duty that special formula which you can buy in public by the way It's called the high folic high something like that You get how we need to take it And it's great And my homo system level dropped from 16 or 17 Which is not too good to like six or seven Which is horrible Homo, that's right, you got to hump her homo Which is a lot more important than cholesterol What is the name of that damn book by the McCalli? Oh, for the Kilmer, Kilmer McCalli, Kilmer, Kilmer, just something I'll find it, McCalli, Culkin, Kilmer and they all slip with Michael Let me say again, all you people that got sucked in by those stupid headlines Yesterday, what at ABC website that smokinggun.com Shame on you, okay I don't want you to mention any names I can understand Miss Fudge because anything that's like wild and dramatic and hysterical He's got a big headline like that this story had about Barbara Streisand And she won't be eligible for the Grammy That's like you've got unusual Miss Fudge Miss Fudge, you got some bum information We heard anything more about Bob Coonston, they're right in for Hillary Oh, no, you probably whispered that in a zero during a moment of passion Shame on you, some of you folks out there for blasting those headlines But you don't really really story about a story There's absolutely nothing to win it, just part of the spin My marker goes and he lets defend Michael at all cost team To smear to family to make up all kinds of crap Oh, well they already admit he didn't do nothing bull crap In fact, they already said that it only came after he underwent the therapy That finally all of this came out, squirt squirt Oh, speaking of all of this came out, you got to watch happiness again Okay, I watched it again last night that really When we were talking about movies a few months ago, that movie is so It's disturbing But it's funny as hell and the ending if you only watched the ending alone is worth the lack of last 30 seconds There you go It's Kilmer McCulley the Homo-sistine revolution Thank you We should have that as part of our recommended reading on our website Kilmer McCulley The Homo-sistine revolution Seriously, and he's got some very important stuff in there about those What are they calling them? No, not the Homo-drew If the cholesterol drugs, statin drugs Oh, okay, so court by the way Dan Reeves is going to have a lot more time to pedal so curry got kin And Atlanta But I'm just telling you right now, those statin drugs and other big money maker for the drug companies I'm telling you folks read that book Your life depends on it There was that Oh, you got it walking around. Let's play that out of the break I Anyway, Brandy Shoes has been around a damn long time. Rich shock called early has been around in town 40 years And Brandy is just right there with us. They've been in town for 25 years Fitting your feet right with great name brand shoes that unbeatable prices And they give you personal friendly service to make sure you get a perfect fit every time which of course is the most important thing As far as brands they got rock ports Echoes, Muffisto, Tyvel and Clark's S.A.S. floor shy. I'm you name it. They got it And a big range of sizes no matter how big or small your feet may be They'll fit your perfect. You can bet rich draws life on it They got men 6 to 15 women's 5 to 12 And wits from the very very narrow to the big bat and wide Even if you got like cancelsitis Did never take call it? Yeah Brandy Shoes at 29 north federal highway They're open daily Monday through Saturday 9 to 9 and Sunday's 10 to 5 How do we know that Hillary's got cancels? Do we really notice something make that with them? Oh geez I sure have a taste smell to all this wicked Brandy Shoes men's rock ports pro walkers are only 48 90 You can also save up to 57% Another select rock port styles this week at Brandy Shoes So be sure and zip into the store or visit them on a web at Brandy Shoes.com My wife and low This is sports video My wife and low I'm gonna make you play something I'm gonna play something I'm gonna play something No white is missing Linness over her vision No I'm wearing her clothes Her cell panty clothes Walk her red of her wits underwear All right So There's a teddy With little straps Life's the game It holds me so tight I can't close that night Walk around and whims underwear In the office there's a guy named Melvin He pretends that I am a peeperine He'll see how you rate it will save Whoa Man Let's sing until the white is out of town On later on In the water We can dress like Madonna Put on some high shade At your number parade Walk your night on your way We live on your way Lights and prisons Reset Give us permission Wear it or close So panty clothes Walk her red of her wits underwear Walk her night on your way Walk her red of her wits underwear Are you sure? Come for me I'm glad I remembered that What a man we have for you for it Indeed And I knew you handed This is a shocking thing that you just asked me Driver hit while talking on radio Call and show an SUV It's got a little island in New York A woman who was on her cell phone Discussing the Michael Jackson case on a radio call She was injured when her SUV was hit from behind Back home Cheryl Picker Was talking to WABC Well, I'll teach you Right 770 morning show host Curtis Lee won The youngest Ron Kooley, but her is running away That fat face by was out of the eye Was on the eye of the sea yesterday I know Curtis Well, seriously Oh, Curtis Lee won He makes me nauseous Yeah, real right wing asshole Well, he was with a guardian angels man It's right. Got the same stupid red cap And every time they tried his ass out Anyway She was talking to Curtis and Ron just before 90 And yesterday when the crash was heard on the radio Who the was heard saying Cheryl, are you okay? Cheryl, Cheryl are you? Okay You know Take her 44 was taken of a hospital Where she was listed in stable condition yesterday The hospital wouldn't even comment on her condition Earlier today I never called into shows Picker said She said she stopped on the side of the Wind-Employed Parkway When her SUV was hit There have been a lot of strange incidences In 12 years on a radio But this one takes the case She was said You only think that came close as I spent two hours on You're talking a jumper down from the George Washington Bridge You got your whole life ahead of you, pal You don't do it, don't do it Do it Don't do it, just do it When you're holding the Bible when you die What a great actor Yeah And drunk And a drunk James Mason, great actor And a drunk Judy Garland Great actress and singer Pilpoper And a Pilpoper Rushlembogg, great fascist Right wing talk show host And Donkey Heavy duty Pilpoper Look at that The ambulances are just Still this we mentioned that They're starting to go Look at that What? There must be something heavy duty As sure if it's not the uptown theater cave It didn't get I still say that was not a big story I mean it was an unfortunate thing Was a big story here because it was local story But I mean I just don't get it Here's some more good The health news I know the audience gets crazy when I do this But I don't care I've just passed it along And then you can pass it over Pass it over If you like or not A dire rich environment D A peerster protect people from developing Potentially cancerous growth in the Colon Colon Back home A study more than 3100 veterans found Patients who consumed amount of item And decontained in daily servings of milk And fish neither which I eat We're 40% less likely to develop Pops and those who got little or no item Well see remember I had that incident two mornings ago here on the show Right I was checking for polyps tear through The study also confirmed previous research That found that serial fiber and regularly used Of pain relief such as aspirin and ibuprofen Reduced the risk of advanced polyps And that smoking heavy drinking And a family history of polyps raised the risk Diet's high in calcium and been linked with a reduced colon cancer risk And vitamin D is needed to help the body absorb calcium Right for that It involved mostly manages 50 to 75 Or what are when routine colon cancer screening Exans called colonoscopy's between 94.97 The exams which a long flexible tube Now they have the new one and non-invasive one Which they say is just good Okay It's as much fun The exams which a long flexible tube Is linked to the erectum Reckome Into the entire large intestine can detect and remove abnormal growth Or you just have the doctor just kind of let's stick his head there look around Yeah But resources of vitamin D include some types of fish and fortified milk For example a tablespoon of cod liver oil Had 136 the IU's 3.5 ounces of salmon 360 And a couple of fortified milk contains a hundred IU's Oh, I'm not going to start drinking milk. I'll tell you it's one of the worst See, I think this is one of the what I was so called studies Just to try to hike the milk people again Or you can get your vitamins to elsewhere Right Get your vitamins baby Don't be a drinking milk it'll kill you So I got that already Any is there any other animal on the face of the earth that drinks another animals milk? No That'll take it help it GOP They're all heart baby The conservative compassionate conservators does non-extend jobless benefits Siding the improving economy Republicans decided this week against existing extending rather federal unemployment benefits Before congress leaves for the year The president said it would mean a joyless Christmas for tens of thousands of Javasson Americans and the president said All right It's almost inconceivable to me that Republican leaders are Poised to play the Grinch against and how's democratic leader Nancy Pelosi, California Democrats raised the benefits issue money and a vain effort to block a vote On that $373 billion spending bill for the budget year But of course Republicans are a number House Republican whip boy, Blum Republican Missouri said Extending the benefits was unjustified when unemployment is going down in the country It's a question of whether we continue to be an extraordinary unemployment Environment and we are not right we're all the way down from 6.1 to just 5.9% Unemployment right Represented of Jennifer Dunn Republican a Washington said her state has been hard hit hard by Javasson the aviation industry has led a small group of Republicans and seeking Con our continuation federal benefits But she said that overall the good news is stall that our efforts the numbers look so good right Especially for those people out of work and they look really good Here's something that don't look so good Boy, I tell you I timed this out so good that I can't believe it Yeah, I know we're trying to sneak in a really good call Nobody QAN Hey, Neil You sure Hey, I can hear you shed a lot of hours so but I wanted to give a call About the politicians come in Cooper cities that are selling out Cooper city police department to BSO Yeah, they're doing it behind closed doors And apparently it's been in the works for about two months But it never came up with any of the council meetings And apparently it has been going on but they kept saying oh there's no works and problems What's been going on? That's going to have so out the Cooper city police department to the BSO BSO is going to take it over The BSO Yeah Yeah, and once it's gone we'll never get it back because you know the cost of a police department But I said you want things you folks don't want to be messing with the BSO That's the worst thing you need We'd have no more control over you know and they're doing this behind closed doors And there's no recourse because three or four of them are because the term limits They'll be done next year and the city managers not in the elected official So I just want to shout out to the scum that thanks a lot for you Scroen us over without letting us even have a word in it And uh, is Marko Polo one said Zyna America? Good to see Kyle Good luck to you, pal. Thanks for letting me vent Okay, thanks guys. I was venting good call She had told you We got a few people out there, Carpet Mumbam Mumbam More than just to get laid where the next joints going to come from BSO Yeah 30 joints I was run at devastated over specter case I knew we'd get back to Phil Spectre sooner and later That's why I played that at B before let it be naked That's what I always say not always but I think that let it be naked Sometimes it is Ronnie Spectre Greenfield Who was her sister in cousin made up the 1960s You know I can't find maybe you must have it there Be my baby by the run it's I can't just can't find it I can't find it. I can't find it. I saw it in Was it sands or one of the stores I saw a run at the ride was and all obscure stuff You know like one year more less because I sorted everything by year early 60s I can tell you exactly what year all please Oh I'm not telling you right now I got my big top 40 book to run it See how easy this is when you got the books baby when you got the books to run it's 914 63 1963 Be my baby by the run has I mean you got the crystals you know and any kid What's the name of the dany kiss me now that's the overly British? They were saying then he kissed me was that the name is song? I don't know Or till he kissed me something like that by the and then they had another one walking in the rain I said I don't know I get all confused the crystals But the run it's was the biggest group that Phil Spectre was famous for and anywhere there pissed off I've never seen him violent like that with a gun or anything greenfield said money outside the state Supreme Court Manhattan Or she and other run at suit Spectre for money They claim he owes him from the user recording for his label I feel really bad she said I didn't think he'd do anything like this Yeah, maybe if you wouldn't assume and got him all depressed you wouldn't go off and kill that bitch How do you like that honey? Huh? Let's blame that bitch for it Ronnie Spectre Greenfield my ass Oh God Anyways, 12-56 we got our big one to two hour coming up I feel like we almost accomplished something here today Why you were out taking a dump or whatever you were doing The read-over's Get your derrido's in the toilet I think machine It was eaten by the nice lady came by the van out there and donated 200 bucks We got 200 bucks By the way another nice lady wrote a hundred twenty dollar check We have three forty five now All right You see the ladies are the nice people Oh God You're a bunch of bastards but the ladies are not because ladies care about dogs and cats I mean most of you guys had a dog growing up Josh you got a dog Yeah See everybody had a dog and they loved their dog But guys you like see their freight oh I'll make some like two emotional and sensitive What does Ron with helping a van and per rescue you assholes till I kissed you was the Eperly brothers until I kissed you but then he kissed me was the Cristles right Well when I come across it I'll confirm it Well just look up what you mean by that I'm just looking on the back of all these CDs looking for the run-ins Well wait how about if I look up the crystals you could That's for the why I do believe how's Crystal doing my one oh she's fine Still pissed off Just a joke Crystal I have a stop I have a stop about that I wanted kid. Let's see they did the do run run before what's his name stole it's on canceling Remember that to do run by 63 that was here he's a rebel 62 That he kissed me nineteen 63 see Benny kiss me huh? How do you like that from memory for a fat old We have everything in here the the shurles the manga That's everything that the run it yet I know more ground to send about that I steal it 1258 is five sixty qm welcome to unftare and out of repair to the world flaming neo-rogens show EF tarot out of repair you'll find him at fifty eighty three north federal highway just And I want to have north of sapper road and prestigious pump and obese at EF tarot out of repair experience The difference that experience makes all the ethnicanics are asses certified technicians They know their stuff in other words their corporate latest technology and must have been with the EF team for almost twenty long amazing years The EF team has got combined over two hundred years of experience so in other words they know their stuff No job is to bigger to smile at EF from a blown fuse to a blown engine from a 73 to edit to an old four Bentley EF tarot A repair they do it all all jobs are meticulously double checked or accuracy by the shop foreman and every single car is clean upon completion of the work EF honor is most extended more in teason offers you wide-away service on most repairs as well EF tarot out of repair fifty eighty three north federal highway in poppin obiich called nine five four four two six ninety nine twenty six That's nine five four four two six ninety nine twenty six and when you do talk to me sure next about their ninety day same as cash No interest credit card EF tarot out of repair nationally recognizes one the most successful automotive repair facilities in the entire US of a EF there moderates nobody cares more and nobody will work harder to earn your business I have a local this is five six years the rain is on your QA The bond to two hour Hi, baby I miss this a boring what's better than a wide radio show every morning on TV well just about anything But that hasn't stopped MSNBC from teaming up with radios original brand boy Who now looks like a nasty old lady. That's a very I'm a sell-in interness coffee shop Yes every morning see I miss listen to a table. Other people's County bits lie about the air I did a hammer to bite into this month and you also want to get back to question plate. I guess he's wild behind the scenes And it's a big deal but I have the I'm annual wall or cook hook and chew and I get me some fresh coffee or fire I miss he's irreverent so what's the deal to pull this top of the law? What's the deal with his water gate? He's in coherent. I'll tell you why that the government doesn't want what that was a lot of He's I'm just standing he's boring and he's only on MSNBC a cable channel nobody watches and a bunch of AM radio stations Nobody listens to him. Somebody got some fresh jingles. It's I'mus It's in the father time make bombs in Palestine. Well, it's you will be mine It's in the father time it's in the father time make bombs in Palestine On the world we're mine. It's in the father time Hello, children. What do the officers get in a skin to guard you know what time it is? It's in the father time. That's right. And what do we want to be? And how do we do this? We're watching you this range in a war here Oh, you don't be bored. You don't be bored. And how are we thunder activities? We're the ones who send us out here. Maybe I'm just gonna burn the background and I'm gonna go to jail and do we want these with you? No, we want to kill them and break them into the sea. We're the good children of stress in your bones. We're the good children of stress in your bones. We're the good children of stress in your bones. We're the good children of stress in your bones. We're the good children of stress in your bones. We're the good children of stress in your bones. We're the good children of stress in your bones. We're the good children of stress in your bones. We're the good children of stress in your bones. We're the good children of stress in your bones. We're the good children of stress in your bones. We're the good children of stress in your bones. We're the good children of stress in your bones. We're the good children of stress in your bones. We're the good children of stress in your bones. We'll stay a wonderful, beautiful, influential politician. Get ready. Thank you. You're the second only standми with these young children. Don't you think you are the second part of the boat? I shall gather your children under your bones. You can get another question for you. Yes. Film provider Lise to Maria. I love shooting photographs for you. We're the second part of a Connected Land. I mean, simply shoot a dramatic movie on the floor. This movie here, you guys are that and... I'd be surprised if you could see that. Somewhere in the vicinity of 700 billion dollars. Did you know it was that much? No, I did 700 billion. Billion, yes. You're kidding. Hyming is everything, you know what they say? Yeah, bitch. She might you. Martha Stewart fraud. That's true. She's falling apart. Thank her, she actually. On this edition of Larry King Live, don't go away. What do you guys? If I asked you to dance. Okay. Just for fun. Would you have on my path? Okay. Got them clear. You make me feel fine. Would you and me, my old... Rackham tonight. Would you tremble? If I touch your lips. Would you love? If I come to you. I'd tremble. You know I just die. If I touch the pain I love. I am waiting for my fallen. Tonight. If I just like to see you all baby. I know I like to step the stone cake. If I'm becee you're on me baby. If you could find the cake right. If I dance. Would you and me, my parents? Yes. Would you cry? If I help my daughter, I... Huh? Hold on. You make me feel fine. I'm just waiting for my old... Tonight. All right. Hopefully, then, say my... Okay. Tonight. It's Saturday morning, join. Go away, go, Jaymo, send his bully about A-Satom, who's saying. Oh, but I'm back, Kamp. This adventure is of a rocky and go wake up. TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV. TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV TV, TV TV TV TV TV TV TV, TV TV, TV TV, TV TV TV TV, TV TV TV TV TV TV, TV TV, TV TV TV TV, TV, TV TV TV, TV, TV TV, TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV Prof. TommyKnew from studio Joey Sounds stellate音 For a little Alev, his legs are now a stump. Let's thank the boat for making gas. Keep her at the pump. Or why not do one-nervous, but do do why? We dropped the bomb up low. First you break watch the public and you have bush like a gun. And you hide back to the US. Or all your former buddies do get anything you want. You punk her that meant tell them, give democracy a chance. Then you feel it, Jenny, a plunder, or oilwater in natural gas. Or why wonder wonder, we do do why? We dropped the bomb up low. What if you get baby, stay dead in supper long? We sure show them a thing or two. I can't read right our wrong. We'll like wonder wonder, we do do why? We dropped the bomb up low. I wonder why, oil, we got the bomb up low. I had to buy a paddleback. I'll take a stick and put your coat. I wish I could run on a ride. And I'll do much more than it's snow. Don't drag the down the down the drain. O'er� they shall evolve. But the few will be boiled by. And now we're getting robbed. The baddies can't write this. We'll get robbed. We'll get robbed. We'll get robbed. We'll get robbed. We'll get robbed. If we don't explore the peripherals, we could stop this property. We'll get robbed. We'll get robbed. And all those power is away. We'll get robbed. We'll get robbed. We'll get robbed. We'll get robbed. We'll get robbed. We'll get robbed. We'll get robbed. We'll get robbed. My country say that Lee Boyd Malgo was unable to distinguish from right and wrong. You're playing the insanity card. Yeah. And the offensive to any sale. He was insane. He don't know right from wrong. Everybody find it. No. Frys ants. No matter. 630 votes. One of their show on QMV less than the old man dog. 235. He wins hands down your pants. I would even catch the old man dog. None. 165.7. Hank. You'll huffers got 70. To a marks 60, Joe Rose 37. Mo and guilty are Kenlech stuck on 15. The big. He's got a dozen. He's right on Mo and guilty. He's as wouldn't be a bursting of he edge. They might be bad. And at a case of nine. Nine compulsive gambers are their great guy. But that's true. And also don't forget how are Deans going to be. Miami this Saturday the fundraiser will cost 50 bucks and go. You can go to for more details. Dean for America slash blues and click on Cathy Linkus L.I.N.K.O.U.S. There you go. Cathy. And then you can be invited by Cathy. And you can attend and send them in. So on, it all the information on Dean from America slash blues. And cough up some cash for the next present of the USA. All right. Sounds good. All right. President Dean. Sure. He ain't no. Jimmy Dean. He ain't no John Dean of Watergate fame. But he's a whole Howard Dean. We like the Dean. That's a lot. 113. Rimes with Dean at 5.60 WCM. When you get your next morning, you imagine all these things. Imagine that you walk in the door. They place and there's time-direct body lanes. Throw down a floor right in front of the desk. With blood pouring from every poor to body. And imagine this. Imagine paying zero closing cause. Zero application fee. Zero credit bureau fee. Zero discounted points. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. It's the revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group. Now, an interest rate and amazingly low. But honestly, goodness 1.95%. That's right. You pay only 200. If you have a 200,000 loan, your payments are only 738 bucks a month. Once you be financial, get to a new home mortgage from financial group. You never pay closing cause again. So if you'd like the information about it, you really should. Call them today at 1.809-4.0. Grab yourself some real financing. Power would lower it. Morgan, you can move next property. With no further cost to expense. The only one mortgage from financial group for details. You know what to do. Pick up that thing. Stick your finger in it and call 1.809-4.0. It's a whole new deciding way to buy. There is zero underwriting fee. Zero.fees. Zero prepam and penalty. And zero closing cost even when you move to another property. So, get yourself fantastic financing. It's just 1.95%. And never ever pay closing cause again. Call financial group today. That's 1.809-4.0. L-E-N-D. Be sure to tell the Todd Dreck toward it to call. There an equal housing lender. Restrictions apply. Write something to change monthly 5.19APR. We're supposed to renew 50-10. U-A-M! David's a bitch. Do do do do do. Oh! Oh! Oh, right. Miami has the dolphins there. The worst football team. They've loved the ball from Golden Gold. Like the ones ever seen. They're on the ground. That's where they'll stay. They're never in control. And when you say Miami, you're talking. Trouille and Folkers. They're the Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Number. How many teens and a week? 32. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. They don't know how to tackle. They don't know how to block. Their coaches are to tell them to put them day in their truck. Then they would run much faster. And even in defeat. When we go to the stadium, we'll see Miami. And they're the Miami dolphins. Oh, Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Number. How many teens and a week? Not good, man. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Let's see that hasn't got a clue. Miami has the dolphins, but the dolphins have no fence. Just 50,000 assholes. Sitting in the stands. They watch the game and all they do is mowing gripe and bitch. I wonder how Joe Robbie got to be so goddamn rich and there. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Number. How many teens and a week? Not good. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. I hear the crowd begin to boo. The dolphins have faith-feetwork that quarter backs at you. Run down the field and he will flow up past over you. Oh, I'll never win a super bowl you shouldn't be surprised. When he gets cut, that doesn't mean that he was circumcised in there. But Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Lentiful dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Jacals his signals in Hebrew. The dolphins have no defense and their offenses at Joe. Like George Bush eating pretzels. You know they're gonna choke. They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race. With fewer points than podcasts on high-zingas. A quick place in there. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Number. How about the hell? 32. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Now they're through. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Four kids hanging out together. Alien homes in there and TV don't get better. Better, the ship just like in late in night she's a group of bow. You're gonna see Stanford up his gut. If Wendy's around. There's the end for the entire end of talking turd and at least once a week you hear. I killed three. You're perfect! Oh, the so weird but the wonderful and can't resist the slimmer sea. He cares with the heavens and then he stands to snatch nor at him and then they eat his flea-lo. I killed three. You're perfect! We're scared. You want to know what I did with what? Hey, you're in Stanford today. Taking it, everybody. You're in Stanford today. I got you to get on the plane. Hi, okay. Welcome back. This is Gaby Lee Gifford here in the radio answering your questions and helping you with your marital problems. Let's go to the phones. Hi, Kathy. I have a question about my husband. Your husband is a piece of shit. A piece of shit. That cheating bastard. Okay. Next call. Hi, Kathy. Hi. Yeah, I wanted to ask you about what you said about Bill Cosby. Bill Cosby is a piece of shit. What's shiled? What's shiled? Hey, that piece of shit. Okay. One more phone caller before we take a break here. Hello. This is Kathy Lee. Hi, yeah. Kathy. I'm going about that earlier call. When you call that guy's mailman of the piece. Hello. Are you married? Yes. Are you married? Yes. Are you? A piece of shit. You cheating bastard. Okay. Now we take a break for our sponsors. And they're up to the shit. Why won't this machine start? It's a piece of shit. You just knocked us off the air. You're losing shit. They're rolled right when Nazi Republicans and motherf***ers. St. The Monies, Monies, who would they're in their own mothers? I bet you're gonna save that when it comes to your bag if they make your board that train. Right, we Nazi Republicans, motherf***ers. Well, in just aint enough, you'll stab rock. Bill and the airways with hate, rock the radio with permeated with the lights of Dr. Lauraville, Henry and Michael Ragan. Are you sure they call the clear channel cost them clearly out to make the message clear? The right wing Nazi Republican, motherf***ers. They're all right wing Nazi Republican, motherf***ers. For all the table talking, he'd get to who to get any dumber. That or marry to whatever they are told to believe and worship George's there king. Right wing Nazi Republican, motherf***ers. Well, the Democrats, who crap their pants like a child's at a scary booth. A scary, muff. A scary, muff, color, who should go home and shut up, but he don't have a clue what he's doing. The Democrats have a death wish when it comes to the sight, who they will run. And you can color them done. If they run, jolly, they're mine. Right wing Nazi Republican, motherf***ers. They're all right wing Nazi Republican, motherf***ers. Who get a dignity, but he's a feminist getting a juicy homer. Just remember what I said when it comes to your back. They made the abore that train. Right wing Nazi Republican, motherf***ers. What's 26 at 5.6. You don't have to do M happy Wednesday. We have 699 people checked it on a poll. One of the show on QMD listen to most, most beside Neil. The mad dog 245, it is shocking. It's amazing. None, 175, 28%. Hank 74, Joe Mark 60, Joe Rose 37, Moan Geldier, like stuck on 15. I think that's it. There are all audience 15. Right. And the big is up to 13. He passes, then that's going to be really humiliating. He thinks so. He's got 10. Got it. Anyway, Delights of West Book is a place you can bet on the fact that whatever you want when it comes to low carbon, the delicious sugar free stuff they got it. All the people out there who are just jumping on those low carbon wagons that are millions all across the world now. This is a story you're loved because everything in the story is just for you. They've had a worth thousand low carb items right there in the store. They got breads and bagels, cheesecake's brownies muffins. Pasta and sauces, chocolate chips and dips, soups, ketchups that roll famous Carbola ice cream and more new stuff coming in every day. Like the blitz, stoke, mince and three flavors. Champion light drinks and find delicious flavors. They're back. The carves slim bites make the right snack and they won't make it like. Waste half the day on the pot either. Slim carb fudgies. Fudgy brownies are chocolate raspberry cookies for audio brownie hounds. Loth to a tea of great for making low carb rap, original garlic or green onion. They are outstanding. And they got your individual sized cheesecake and four flavors. Walnut brownies back in true carb and lots lots more. And one of the great things about it at the lights is you don't have to buy a damn thing until you find out if you like it or not. You can try anything of a stir before you buy it. They have all the adkins products. I'm what is it? All the adkins products on sale today. Next week and every other day of the year. Seven days a week. The lights is open every day from 10 to 10. You'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441. Right next to Boston Marketing column toll free. One, 877 low carb. L-O-W-C-A-R-B-1877 low carb. Look them up on a web at lowcarb.com. The lights the west book is your official adkins retail center. The lights the west book is your official adkins retail center. I am low. This is your 20-alphystic. Q-A-M. Break H-U-H-U-S-O-P-R-L-I-N. Break H-U-H-U-S-O-P-R-L-I-N. Like nothing you've seen before. Excuse me. I've seen father. What is it my child? We have something I must tell you. What is it my daughter? Oh father, I am afraid to tell you. Afraid to tell me your own father? I fear I will be ashamed upon our family. No, I'm your father. I love you very much. You must tell me what is wrong. You promised you was to love me? Of course my sweet child. Of father's love is not erased by a simple mislead. Very well. I am. I am pregnant. Oh, I see. You still have me father? Of course I do. But since you're pregnant and not married. Yes father? I'm afraid I must drag you down to the town square and with the help of my friends and neighbors or stone you today. You are my daughter. If he's written that this is the punishment for what you have done. Could you check again? You should only be grounded. I'm not grounded in this not what. I must not be scone. It's the first step. I thought this is on a fundamentalist Middle East in the past. May I speak with you, my esteemed husband? No, I have something to tell you. I am having an affair. Right. Are you going? I'll take it back. You're collecting stone. What do you mean? Yes, I must drag you to the town square. Where are you? Of course, be stone today. You'll be miserable. They've covered the lives of the machned family. They've always done many problems. They've played them. Oh, may I speak with you, my esteemed father? It's my son. Last night, I used your little brother. Well, what do you know? You are a one lucky boy. Oh, why is that father? You are going to get stone two nights in a row. You are the guiding she is. The guiding she is. I'm back, Daddy. I'm back. Baby, please. Oh. Silent Park. Daddy Park. We can tell your knows apart. We can't give it but you can tell. Some wanted it by that old smell. What the hell did you think? It smells just like rotten meat. Silent Park. Daddy Park. I got one. And take a bite. I watched a woman said swim alone. She was wearing a terrible frown. I walked wide out of that place. With a fist smile on my face. Silent Park. Daddy Park. You're in it. It's wide and hard. When one goes on to a fight. I saw victims of your guess of tag. If you're in church when you do. You'll have to stay in your youth. In number of our prayer videos. But if you're something I want to know. Cut the cheese. I'm dreaming of a white neighbor. Just like one guy used to know. Where the longs were trimmed. And cars had rims. We can see. So very long ago. I'm dreaming of a white neighbor. With every force inside I'm right. Where your face be married. And ride. And make all your new neighbors. You are. Now go. All right. We have never heard of a shady animal. Four years ago you gave me your nomination. I'm going to be a vice president. This is a sun graph. I've been watching you during that macaron. And it like it has your silence. I would like to demonstrate to you. The Al Gore version of the macaron. And rock the rock. And rock the rock. What you'd like to see it again. And go. And go. And you are a alarm goes off in the morning. And one of your children reaches for cereal and fruit. Rock the rain. Rock the rain. Rock the rain. Rock the rain. Rock the rain. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get the car. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Old number 80 is back tearing off with the great singing war hectic with even more big stars. The Mad Dog does them all. They did it. They did it. Oh, right. It's a 4-4. Oh, right. You're a 7-3. You're a 9-3. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. It's an all-new British invasion with the Mad Dog singing like a man. I like it. I like it. I like it. The truth is finally out that humanity was truly the fifth people. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. And now your head should stay. You always should be safe. Don't be afraid. Don't be afraid. Oh, right. Here's the back dog's enderm hunting trip loop to the King. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. The Mad Dog was just a little endivolent when we asked him if you wanted to do it again. Not. I don't think so. So we had Luke Rossi pay a little visit until he there is rain's ore singleture would wind up on the country. That's kind of a business cute. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. And it's deep. I'm gonna do a little now if you won't quickly. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Now, from Washington, the Mad Gluckling Group, featuring Ellen Orcliffe, Jack Jermon, and sitting in for Papuken and New York Giant Tiki Barber. Now, here's John McClucklin. This is you, Juan. George W. Rings of Alt. Ellen Orcliffe. Well, John, I have to say. Wrong. Cut, come on. Well, that's not an easy choice. Wrong. Tiki Barber. I'm gonna have to say the book. Wrong. Excellent. Four exercise. Next issue. Al Gore. Favorite Broadway show. Bring in the noise. Bring in the funk or cats. Ellen Orcliffe. Well, John, I have to say. Well, Jackie Jackie, make come on. Well, that's a very difficult choice. Wrong. Tiki Barber. I'm gonna have to say, right. Not a choice. We need Tiki Barber. You gave it an inch less than it was in a choice. Wrong. Correct response. Cats. He loves them. Next issue. The cast of big brothers should be murdered. How? Ellen Orcliffe. Wrong. Jack Jermon. Better make. Wrong. Tiki Barber. I don't think they should be killed. Wrong. Excellent. Poison. Bye-bye. Chantumare Ben. You're the whole. Chantumare Marley. Poison. Chantumare Ben. You're the whole. Chantumare Marley. Poison. Chantumare Marley. Chantumare Marley. Poison. Chantumare Ben. Chantumare Ben. Chantumare Marley. Chantumare Marley. Chantumare Marley. Chantumare Marley. Chantumare Marley. Chantumare Marley. Chantumare Marley. Chantumare Marley. Chantumare Marley. Chantumare Marley. Chantumare Marley. Chantumare Marley. Chantumare Ben. Chantumare Marley. Chantumare Marley. chantumare Marley. Chantumare Marley. Cutter. Chantumare Marley. Chantumare Marley. Right on Mustaman notreus. Chantumare Marley. Chantumare Marley. I'm gonna go Go Get that Get that Get that My father My father With all So much Ah I'm in court Hey Cravey Welcome to the 70th Annual Mo Howard spelling bee I see on that where it's already Let's go Eric Mr. Bush, your word is clan destiny Like his and clan destiny operation I R A N Rock Okay Mr. Quinn Your word is monogamous Pretty R O S T Not even close Okay senator Kennedy Your word is sobriety Yes, uh, who the hell pick these up Anyway CH I Rock But you brain But I don't get drunk off that anymore I thought built up an immunity to it And looks like the field been now to two people Let's start with Ross Perot You have an easy one Please spell government Man sample Let's go to the church here You've got F H H F Let's say R And Mr. Stronderman You can win this thing If you can spell the word Antiquated O L D O And we have a winner What What What If anybody knows about O That's a movie It's old mole 152 and 560 Don't forget to check out President Mow book on the website Six hundred eighty books We got a good battle going on there You know I'm going to keep my eye peeled on that What other show on QMB You listen to most other than Neil Mad Dog 266 None 184 Hank 81 Joy Mark 68 Joros 37 Here's the battle Mow and Geldy 17 The big Oh 16 And any care lemon You think that they all can do it We'll see What's like it Home Why not let the number one Asian buffet restaurant Emile Coast do the cooking for you this holiday Seasons sounds like a wiener to me Reserve your holiday party right now Emile Coast can accommodate even the largest groups Start on a fantastic feast at the Emile Coast With one or two or all of six different fantastic soups And then sampled dozens and ziggins of second on trays Maybe not ziggins, but at least I'm good man Like New York strip made a word of their sizzling aging We're along with a new seafood change rock Enjoy oysters on a half shell every night And they've got lots more to their less-constone crab Is out of this world middle night clams Jumbo Shrimp's scampion out for the first time Steamed made lobster on weekends If you still have room left sample a handcar Primary in the new Thai specialties And of course you'll never walk out of there with a head egg Just to be smiling your fat pussy Because they use no crab and a cooking Only cholesterol for your oils No, no honest G, no cornstarch, no garbage And the buffet features a full salad bar The new sushi bar Fresh shrimp cocktail too And if you have any room left Or if you just a gigantic glutton You'll be pleased to know they have a fantastic dessert station too Featuring Belgian mobbles, pies and cakes Pastries, ice-coinado, favorite toppings And fresh fruit as well Even we have a watermelon most of the time Emerald coast relocations for you In sunrise, pineapple out of 44th Street Collins Avenue just north of the 163rd Street north of Miami Beach And you'll find the name of coast of the intersection of Flamingo and Pembroke roads In Pembroke pies So take the family of booking our business lunch and now And let the folks at the Emerald coast to all the working cook in for you Take out and delivery available too Call 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22 For the World Famous Emerald coast Chinese buffet 535 bucks at the vanity, not that bad huh? But better we thought Better we anybody thought Especially because since we almost got rained out 45,588 so far for abandoned peoreski My life And whoa This is Fort Real Paises You're the only way to play And No God No No This is Rush Lim ball Servant of Humanity Toch Joe Hose Hemorrhoid Suffer Folks, with over 300 pounds I know the aggravated All this kind of dilemma Ladies and gentleman, I'm here to tell you there's help With new preparation rush And my rush to excellence depositories Now you can end the pain And it's being a hemorrhoidal tissue Just for my picture on the box of the Positories and the applicator tube another fine products from all IB The obesity and broadcast thing in the work Don't like The heart burn And recharge it in which Don't go far To the MTV He's president of Republic and muscle And in our take it is easier I don't know why They won't want to die But no easier First through the neck for years With president of Republic and muscle All what I get to You're most unsmared And yet we'll go to the park Here we are Here you are best Don't go far Lift strumming Scooby-y Don't go far To the moment This drug can rich head Don't go far Easy then Don't hurt me Please, president of You don't care what it's all You got on the invite Look her cross The Christian road No one left You and I But you're a co-finger We've got a great leader here With president of Republic and muscle All what I get to you You're most unsmared Republic and muscle Republic and muscle Bye bye You're the one you're show I'm Christy You're the one you're I will perform an unnatural act All right