And to get it on! Peace is great! We're gonna get all the time! We're gonna get all the time! We're gonna get all the time! We're gonna get all the time! We're gonna get all the time! We're gonna get all the time! We're gonna get all the time! We're gonna get all the time! We're gonna get all the time! We're gonna get all the time! We're gonna get all the time! We're gonna get all the time! We're gonna get all the time! We're gonna get all the time! We're gonna get all the time! We're gonna get all the time! We're gonna get all the time! We're gonna get all the time! And we're gonna get all the time! We're gonna get all the time! We're gonna get the strong one! And that's where we start the first scene! Let's get the string from here! And then first scene! And also 2 badge! And then start Scows? No football That's funny I know two to five six the WQM happy Tuesday too. Well, I'm saying one thing. Oh, geez. Look at that You can do it almost there we go Well, we can't do the show. I got damn schedule falls off the thing, huh? This is just not set up. Well, I don't think I can do the show here too much longer Anyway, here it is a great Tuesday morning about 1415 votes on that's right. We don't do the podium. Do we? Yes, that's right. I screwed up twice yesterday and why did And then your under orders right now. Well, first let me tell you this Yes, I forgot that we don't do the beginning of the show until 10 o'clock and So I backed box myself into a corner as opposed to last whatever was Friday, especially We did magnificently well and then you know people come in at 10 and they don't know what they were talking about So yesterday's poll you'll have to wait not that it was all that big of a deal and today's poll You'll also have to wait even find out what it is. They'll have to wait and you know the other mistake I made And you're not you're not gonna be allowed to permit it. Okay under any circumstances in fact I wanted to be some kind of a sound Food now oh It's Oh I made my comments about toast and and Seriously now they can knock anybody on the station for not talking about hockey, which is probably right because they don't know anything about it But they're doing the right thing. There is no interest. It is if you want a turning audience off in droves If you want to send them diving for the dial faster than anything else, that's the one thing in this town that'll do it I found the sound what's the sound I make a bear. I remember one that I like so much Yeah Yeah, I like it find it I'm not even in the right mode Well, that'd be funny. They have few found it So anyway we apologize profusely because when I stand that most of you don't care it's unfortunate But I can't change that okay Just the way it is down here. It's a bum fork place and they don't give a crap about things like that and you're not gonna change them You're not gonna change this place these people these people Oh Cheese so no to it again. Okay. Thank you So much that'd be funny Anyway, here's a fact to get us started this morning and all right see there's a little bit of a problem even our management admits that this hour is like It doesn't it can't doesn't work can't work ain't gonna happen We don't know how to solve that problem and they've got a team of experts of psychoanalysts that they brought in to try to figure out how we get out of this But this is this is a throwaway hour And why they're throwing me away? Be tell out of me, but I guess just punishment for being a sour old prick something like that And there are a few things in a world worse than a sour old prick believe me when I tell you but anyway You just mind your own business. Okay, so how about those panthers? Oh And we here's the fact that says I'm a long time listener because I have a life but never call because I've looked I'm totally out of your demographic some a 52 year old female No, that's not out of our demographics our demo is like mainly men but also women 25 to 54 so she's just under the cut so to speak Says I just want to come at on the night of 10 hour. I love your playing bits at that time made the work drive pleasant How do you like that somebody like that idea? Besides us now I didn't like it either after I thought about it because we'd Run out of stuff we wouldn't run out of stuff. We just after you come a month We wear it out. Oh man Then she says rate the spatial life felt bad life goes on. I live in Booker Retone had to go to my mountain Saturday afternoon On the way home. I stopped at the Rascal house for dinner. Oh That's a story on on its own. She says I mentioned it because channel for news was there I don't know the female reporters name because we don't get channel for in Palm Beach County She was asking people if they were Jewish and or Israeli and if they would call it on their feelings about the tragedy Regarding the Israeli astronaut And the label that's what she says here is you would say Thanks for the daily entertainment says Joan PS. I listen when George feels in for you. He's okay He's okay, but you are irreplaceable. Well very good John you're okay, but Boy know that you know Neil okay, just don't forget what a shot so what about those maple leaves? I'm sorry This is the story of the century I love and CNN and the good news is although miles of Brian's honor again Senator today. No, he's at the space center Their lapsing back into it. They had some fun this morning with a Michael Jackson story Number one, they had some fun with that they squeezed it they exploited it they got and they were young because there's nothing else going on I don't normally like that Richard question oh yeah, he was good this morning I should have taped that he was actually excellent even with his 85 teeth and I'll let's spitting it as sure Orbsop Every good poll to take who spits all over himself more Richard quest or mr. ego All over two questions you know too crazy about those pepper corns on his omelet Anyway the British London times today says Jackson faces ruin after admitting I slept with boys Michael Jackson's clearly in ruins last night You got to say one thing for the brist boy. This is the kind of stuff they excel at There was nobody in his country out of care who the hell it is There's nobody who's even a close second when it comes to this kind of crap They love it. They thrive on it. They live for it and of course with all the crap that's going on with a World family and has for years and years they're never had never have a shortage of it Michael Jackson's clearly in ruins last night after admitted in a television documentary that it coaxed young boys into sleeping in his bed The star was accused of molesting a boy 10 years ago study recently encouraged a 12-year-old cancer suffer to sleep in his bedroom He also claimed to have slept in the same bed alongside several other young boys It's that it's what the whole world should do we told you and if you're Martin Bashir when question about the incident during the Granada television program Living with Michael Jackson that's program with an M.E. on the end program on the me A 44-year-old singer-end the boy insisted that no sexual contact took place during the sleeping At Michael Jackson's Neverland Ranch in California never had never land however the revelations are likely to cause irreparable damage to a performer already Tarnished by a sexual scandal in 1993 Jackson was accused by the parents of 13-year-old Jordan Chandler a sexually molesting their sundering sleepovers at his 3000-acre range The family dropped the case after reaching at 18 and a half million pound Millia financial summer with Jackson what's that in dollars about let's see one How to and something now it's 1.4 oh whatever it is. It's a lot of money. No charges were brought Jackson's career is never recovered the interview granted to Bashir fame prison We with Diana princess of Wales was intended to begin the billionaire performers rehab Jackson's friend Yuri Geller persuaded him to allow Bashir to become part of his entourage for eight months But the resulting film which has been bought by the US ABC broadcaster 434.5 a billion pound million Could lead police action against the fauna shabby that paragraph again. Yeah, I'll confuse by that pound thing You know I get all been out of shape when I see that because the Brits Jackson's friend Yuri Geller persuaded him to allow Bashir to become part of his entourage for eight months But the resulting film which has been bought by the US broadcaster ABC for three and a half million pounds could lead the police action against the fallen star one executive described it as the longest suicide note in history Tom said they district attorney behind the Chandler investigation is expected to look at the new allegations And after the program is screened in the US this Friday a spokesman from his office said will be watching the program on the me with interest Last November Jackson provoked outrage when he dangled his baby son Prince Michael the tooth over Back in the Berlin hotel as a result of that incident officials in Santa Barbara County already considering the launch of a Formal investigation in the father of three's fitness to be apparent Bashir said he thought living in Jackson's world disturbing and expressed his concern for the well being of his young children I had assumed that now he'd be more cautious Bashir said but to my utter astonishment of discovered that children were still sleeping over Aren't you shocked aren't you surprised the boy can't help it Jackson defended his desire to sleep in close proximity with young boys under persistent questioning from his year He described the practices very charming very sweet and recommended that Bashir sleep in the same bed as friends of his own children He also claimed the children like to be touched and said he would kill himself a quick. It cannot be close to them Hey Mike It's loaded Gavin the 12 year old boy the center of the fresh sleep over claims said he met Jackson two years ago after cancer was diagnosed He began sleeping over nine of the 44 year old singers never land ranch with his brother and sister I'm a lot of occasion to boy asked to sleep in Jackson's bedroom. I was like Michael can you sleep in and you can sleep in a bed? And it was like no no no no you sleep on a bed. I was like no no no no you sleep in a bed. Hey, so look at you love me. You'll sleep in a bed No no no yes yes yes I was like oh man, so I finally slept in a bed, but it was fun that night Jackson said he slept in the floor did not catch the boy Jackson's children Prince Michael the first six and Paris four are only allowed out in public wearing carnival masks to Deskives their faces and one of the most disturbing scenes in last night's program are shaking Jackson bottle fed Prince Michael the tooth Who was covered from head to toe on a silk veil the baby enjoy being vagled over the Berlin hotel balcony to see your claim Jackson's career is locked into a downward spiral his life album sold only two million copies in the US even though it took him six years to write and Cost 16 million pounds to make his form business manager Younger holy is claimed that the singer was actually 125 million pounds in debt as resolve as life is spending Cost a lot for those real young boys he's being sued for failing in performant conscious his full-notta Wood is our career long work company Sony accusing his chairman of racism Grinatas made more than three three and a half men and pounds from international sales of the film Partly tonight with her McDonald series with squeenies and us red in New Zealand to follow this week the company hopes to Recoup recoup a for the two million pounds from video and DVD sales which may feature additional material cut from the film Jackson was not paid to participate in the project. I'm British TV One of the great days for American arrest of the world two Now we can be safe that would might even reconsider going in their two oh Iraq and Iran All those other joints. Huh, what do you think now to the world of safe again? Let's go. Let's roll Problem at it's after nine at five 60 WQAM. Let me tell you right now about the beast here's a man who is like also dangerous He was on the word a verge of death if you want to go. He went nearly 300 pounds a young man who was waddling up and down the hall here very slowly Decided to lose that weight and we helped him do it with balance for life. He's still on the sack You saw me yesterday didn't we look or then it went ever and how well what I was he was kind of a sack Anyway, he's got all his meals in your little black sack and that's why you owe you ought to be doing it to with balance for life No cooking no shopping no worries no cleaning no calorie counting no carbohydrate counting no figuring no diddling Because they do it all for you three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks are delivered right you're doing that little black sack every day That's trying to program only choice you got to make is the choice between two alternatives for each meal every day That's your on the program and that's it and the food is fresh and delicious is all kinds of chicken dishes and beef and you name it Everything is fresh nothing froze nothing artificial and balance for life will help you shed those pounds in a hurry It's the fast delicious way to lose the weight so join the beast you look better and feel a lot better to call 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 and by the way Troy I don't need flounder, okay? I've been on the flounder on occasion. I don't need flounder 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 or check out their most prestigious website at balance for life.com 5 Local This is 5 6 Here you are Your You You asshole Me Jo He's rich. He's handsome. He has great taste in furniture and he has 20 beautiful women interested in him But there's a twist. He's not interested in them It's Joe homosexual Foxes newest reality romance show see what happens when these lovely ladies try to get Joe Switched teams, but he didn't want to talk to me at all He just wanted to see more pictures of my brother don't miss Joe homosexual We was supposed to have her romantic dinner together alone, but I didn't know he was also bringing clips his Friend and be sure to catch the final episode of Joe homosexual when Joe pops the big question Sandra yes Joe For a few minutes Joe homosexual right after Boston public bath house only on fuck 9 8 8 5 6 WC are all about a speaking of fox before we're talking about a Phil Spectre and Ben Affleck who also insists he doesn't wear a two-pay and is not gay but other than that Maybe he'll hold a press conference. Don't say it doesn't wear a two-pay and he's not gay and he'll let all the reporters yank on it to make sure it's for real And the week two Fox news the network America tries to pay Sodom says a common dream is new center The sat phones are lined up the tensor in place dozens of languages fill the smoke field atrium Every kind of technical equipment imaginable is scattered about the scene almost resembles an area of a version of the quick setup for heavy metal concert Welcome to the press center of the ground floor of the Iraqi Ministry of Information Over the last several weeks low-paid Iraqi construction workers have rubbed elbows with journalists from CNN BBC New York Times and a slew of other media outlets the workers are halfway through a sizable construction project to expand the press center To accommodate the influx of proverbial herds waiting for the war Inside the building tiny six by six cubicles are now the hottest real estate on the Baghdad market Officially the space will cost you 500 bucks a month, but spaces limited and cash is flowing from the pockets of the major networks to Iraqi officials and the government to ensure What access once the bomb star flying? But this is not just the cubicles under the government guidelines journalists cough up a handsome some of money the government Individual officials here are the bare minimums for journalists operating in Baghdad $100 a day feet per journalist camera per technical staff, etc $150 a day per permission used a satellite telephone which the journalist tanker provide themselves 50 to 100 bucks a day for mandatory government escort $50 to $100 a day for car and driver some network several fleet of vehicles and 75 bucks a day for room at the al-Rashid hotel That's already 500 bucks and doesn't include the thousands of dollars daily for reach direct live satellite feed for TV networks Nor does it include the bribes and tips shell out left and right Nor does include the money handed over at border crossings in a tear port the networks don't like to talk about how much they actually spend But one veteran of the media scene he estimated to cost for major TV network at about a hundred thousand dollars a month Others say that's a low estimate almost all of this cash except a few tips here in there goes directly to the Iraqi government Once you add up the bill for the TV network so long we're talking perhaps millions of dollars in revenue a month for the government There's a joke here that the major media outlets are now competing with oil smuggling as the number one money maker for the Iraqi government It is particularly ironic that while Rupert Murdoch's troops from Fox News network rally for the war dismissing antiwar activists as dups of the Iraqi regime the network America trust is paying Sodom as they refer to Iraq hand over fist tens of thousands of dollars every month But stroll down the halls of the press and you'll see that Rupert's troops have multiple battalions He also owns Sky News the British version of Fox as well as the times of London a Vitor research will probably find that Murdoch owns other publications operating here as well Fox News reporter reporters know this as well like to say for the benefit of the viewers that their broadcast are being modern to buy the Iraqi government Fair enough, but perhaps the Murdoch Empire should begin each of its reports or dispatches from Baghdad But it's closing how much money they paid Sodom today How do you like that, huh? The podcast on cattle purple bunch of shmucks Record producer Phil Spector elected and woman slang. Oh, how do you like that? We're working feverously by the way to get some Ronettes and also not quite as feverously to get the righteous brothers You lost 11 feet and we have played led at B Okay, that one kills him good times since I noticed the scream of nine to ten hour hasn't enticed them to call cuz they have nothing to say And don't forget to answer the phone this hour. Oh, that's right Also before we get to Phil Spector the room around the building cuz I could hear a little bit of a felt like the wall was rattling over here behind the microwave and refrigerator Quite a yelling in hysteria match with and I who's involved in their guilty mole and clearance And I couldn't make it out, but I did hear you asshole come to the wall We other people in there as well. Oh, yeah, just you know. That's kind of a small orifice. It's all I heard walking past what was that you asshole? I heard that too right through the wall here Calm down in their boys okay. It's only a radio show. Well in your case Now seriously, what are they getting all whipped up about you don't think that Zach and by the way, say I think that they're upset they might be a little upset that Zach got me that sandwich from how is this morning that toasted cheese Old grills he's sandwich not bad on whole wheat bread no less thanks Zach you're okay in our book In fact, you can replace Carlos if they dump your off that show. No, just did just a joke. He don't always a computer stuff like Carlos And you could never breathe him in the sink You couldn't be this foot in the sink for Zach's in Colme. So he's probably sitting in there like you told me crap in his pants Which in his case sitting on a little metal chair in the fetal position. He's sitting on his stool hugging his knees. Yeah One thing what's gonna happen you asshole what kind of bomb they're dropping in there this morning. No, I'm a smell it right through the doorway and oh, oh Looks like it's seeping Five six out can we see if these phones are working today just now just three or so right there. You know now that we're off at Space shuttle tragedy we're finally working a little bit a little bit. They're given a ride in fact See it and was so grateful for the Michael Jackson story and at Richard question on her this morning They were like forming a them out Exploining it five six seven oh five 60 it's a phone check pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line WQAM That thing on to three thank you you never guess why I heard on the monitoring the most show this morning coming in I give up Martha Jets fan Isn't it isn't that sand you're caution me? Don't start with Josh again you asshole wrong with you man. You see steering it up again Don't worry Zach. Well blame George again. We'll throw him under the bus getting pretty crowded under there WQAM Burger Okay, like I said I didn't say I was gonna take calls. I just want to make sure they understand what we do the sour until a decide what they want to do with it I know what I know what they can do with the sour Right No, we're not good the show doesn't start officially till 10 and that nice facts I had for my to have her name was that nice lady Jonah Farker whatever was she was a sternial life She'd like the comedy bits And it's something to think about not a marbing Wednesday We will do that between nine and ten we've moved that noon to one hour into nine to ten and that's it Very well last week That was one of those days we left here to feel like we accomplished something like a really good mood. Oh, perky. Although today We may not leave here in such a good mood. I don't know why all depending on how many bodies can fly into that room next door You asshole okay, calm down. Okay I wait until you see that piece start sneaking out of the door probably try to run out there by itself. Huh? There will know it's alive You in the muskrat ramble right into the bullpen. Here's the fact that says can anyone explain why general Tommy Franks has his wife a ten classified need to No military meetings and walk around with a body guard while they're gonna like a slap him on the wrist Tommy Franks But there's no chance that he's gonna be replaced Can't you just sit at home and make black arm bands like the rest of the Washington wifey Pooz just wondering he has a wife You know it says love your show is always hate the colors says Todd and Holly would a chronic he hates the colors WCWM Todd hates you Hello, yes, sir Yeah, hello speaking Neil yes, are you doing okay? I'm on a self-organ event for Why you doing that? I don't know I'm just I'm just I haven't seen a whole people a while I really really miss the Because that sunrise likes man come on back sunrise legs. Don't waste all that gas don't be a no via terrorists He's eating at a betting terrorism. You know by wasting all of that gas driving aimlessly the Venice Are don't we agree yes, we do agree. Oh, he should walk so anyway about that panther game See just test stupid Record producers specter erected a woman's lying filth specter the record producer who's all of sound backed up rock groups from the runouts to the Ramones was erected yesterday in the early morning shooting death of a woman inside his sprawling suburban mansion We could play some of the Ramones to an honor of joy Ramon, right? Okay, and D.D. Ramon and Havir and Jose and Julio Ramon. Oh, you got Ramones. I was just joking about that Well, I'll check take take your time looking okay don't be in any great hurry for it because I'm sure that once a book It gets any we're gonna run out so now now that you think about it Be my baby by the runance and try to think of any other walking in the rain was that huh? I don't know Too old to have you know these you get a hernia when he's damn tub Billboard top 40 books You know what I mean he had other groups we said to run as but they just And I don't think anything to do with the shurils. I could be wrong about that somebody will call it me know The run-outs be my baby. Yeah walking in a rain. That was very good six huh? Know that you got that baby. I love you baby I love the best part of breaking up that was again. Do I love you question Mark? Do I love you? So there you go the run-outs part of that whole field spectrum All new filly people you know that's an interesting thing. We don't have hardly any filly people down here Remember my friend Dave the paramedic from Hollywood right I should remember him but at any rate That was a long time ago. He's probably ugly by now, but at any rate They're just for whatever reason Why do you think that is maybe the people from Philadelphia aren't fleeing that city like the New Yorkers did Maybe like all the garbage. It's kind of a filthy city fully Phil the herd and it's kind of a strange thing when you got on a school kill expressway and You go through the downtown part of the city and like there are no exits. There's nowhere to get off So to speak Have you ever been there? What am I asking you for how my Carlos you haven't really that I've been all over the place You've got to ask all you never been anywhere you've been in my pan. I even places that nobody ever would want to go North Carolina my century that's George's repertoire North Carolina Montana in some place in the van LA Seattle That was when he was a Chicago How long were you in Chicago? How long were you in Chicago? 23 hours but what happened? I drove through yeah, right you were there and until what Mike does it He's covered you where to get your ass out of there real quick back down here New York Like it Vegas right as far as America goes I've been about Boston no oh same Louis no Detroit Yeah, it's good. See now you're now your medium points. That's good. You know what about those people don't go to any trip either way anybody Don't ever go there never felt the need do never go there. Okay, please. We're begging you 28 after that look at how the time is zippin along here now. We got all those calls pouring in here on our screenless See it's not that I want to really talk to any of them. It's just that it's good to have the phone flashing Cuz it indicates there's something going on. What's happened next door there? Let me tell you this you're one of those if you're sleeping on a warning a worn out lumpy bump He'll mattress that's right cuz you're doing your back at a service you wake up in a morning You haven't had a good night sleeping you feel like crap if you want to start feeling great and refreshed when you wake up in a morning Sleep on a name brand mattress market friends at dial-maters They carry the best in the world see these service. It's King Quill every size and style on the sun They deliver it to your door when it's convenient for you any day seven days a week in the two hour window that you pick when it's convenient when you're gonna be there And they give me that 30 day company change period with no hassles no reservations or whatsoever So here's the deal if you watch yourself a great new mattress without even leaving the house Why do it any other way call 1-800 mattress like I always do and more more people around here are starting to catch on 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S You'll enjoy great night sleep tonight and for months and years to come Call him right now. You'll be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight 1-800 mattress 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S 5-6-1-MAT-T-R-E-S Get safflower a major blow job Hello Hello Hello Tell me what's the best Who's this to make? No, this is a wife, Salia I like to speak with Tommy Mitoia Hello, tell me what's the best What do you call me? Girl No, no, Salia Lia, let me talk to the devil Please, home Tommy Tommy Hey, Tommy What is it? You got the phone Oh Oh Hello Tommy Mitoia Speaking, this is Michael Jackson You lost your job You lost your job Oh Hey, I didn't lose my job I stepped down Or sure, however you want to paint the picture Whatever you have to tell yourself in order to save Some sort of face you do it But you will lost your job You know, actually it's kind of nice to hear your voice What? Kind of nice to hear anybody's voice What are you talking about? Neckle's at home Younger Yeah, can you hear that? Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey That's my Mexican wife, let me tell you It was cute for maybe five minutes a day But if I got to stay home on her Every day I'm gonna go crazy No, I have to So You're getting your justice Search Tommy Mitoia That devil Oh, we do Is he Mexican food? Jimmy Changas Barritos, toastitos I got more dance than Xon And you deserve to have the bloat Hmm Listen, Michael I'll reserve her somewhere I'll start another label Sure you will So you can destroy the career of other budding artists Are we going to Chevy? Yes, honey We're going to Chevy Thank you very much All right Oh, cheese If it's not Chevy's it's cheese If it's not G-Jesus It's uh What's that drive in place? I don't know what you're talking about I called to be way too And all I'm getting is dribble and Jimmy Changa Me Hmm And minute I was the reason you were forced to be fired Right, I know Because I'm very very very devilish I want to live in a nasty I want to live in America Yeah, living in America All right Hey, look, Mikey, I gotta go, okay I gotta take over the Taco Bell Sandy Okay Jenny, you want to come with us? No, I don't want to be seen with you You are the devil So at this point I am finding myself having some sympathy for you Hmm All right All right All right I gotta go there, Mikey Let me tell you something If I were to find right now After the neighborhood would go up Hmm Ah Goodbye Ah Hmm 934-560 WQAM Well, these tabloids this week They seem to have one recurring topic Okay, yeah, that seems to be it The star Tom is gay battle with billionaire hotel queen I guess it figures if you're gonna have a gay battle to be with some queen, right? Although this is Leonaheim's lady Man, is she looking nasty? I mean, got the cheese Look good Wow Look at that picture of her on a front of the star It's enough to make you up chuck On the national inquire If that isn't up to make you sick Look who's on a front page You didn't inquire this week I'm gonna post personal software to read you Oh, Jay O.J. attacks daughter copsaber after 911 call You killed mommy she says Oh great, I can't wait to get to that Can you? Please and live up and not least JfK Jr. Lovers gay shocker Has Darrell Hannah turned lesbian? Oh, let's hope Look at those eyebrows Carlisce and George's eyebrows both left the top of their head Man They're on the ceiling now and the eyebrows too Look at that Has Darrell Hannah turned lesbian? Had a sexual men from coast to coast They're only praying that it's so And when we see the footage of that That's great Anyway, speaking of interesting stories Even the Pope is wild about Harry Potter that is The Vatican is giving two thumbs up to the Harry Potter series The good versus evil plot lines of the best selling books are imbued with Christian morals The Reverend Don Peter Fleetwood Told a Vatican news come Friends, yes today there's always a Peter in there some more, isn't there? Fleetwood I don't see any any problems in Harry Potter series Fleetwood said I wonder if he's can't a Fleetwood Mac or maybe Fleetwood Mac roover He was responding to questions after the release of a new Vatican document on the new age phenomenon Which he helped draft his memory of the Pontifical Council for Culture They've Pontifical Council for Culture Fleetwood was asked whether the magic embraced by Harry Potter and his pals at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry was problematic for the Roman Catholic Church The Roman Catholic Church some evangelical groups have condemned the series For glamorizing magic and the occult Wait until he hears his response I don't think there's anyone in this room who grew up without ferries Magic and angels and their imaginary world said Fleetwood was British There's no one in this room he said to grew up without ferries Magic and angels They are bad They aren't serving as a banner for an anti-Christian ideology Yadiyadiyadi He said British off the JK Rowling was Christian by conviction as Christian or mode of living even in a wave writing It said it went so on how do you like that huh so the Pope likes Harry Potter And who'd have didn't grow up with ferries right we all did Arts dices hit with three more suits speaking of that and us how this all seems to tie in and I must be second again because My pole while I'm not gonna tell the audience yet but I showed Carlos and my psychic or what right there on the front page of the star Now we've taken that pole it was quite some time ago. It's like one we take every year and give the people opportunity to get more and more gossip More more crap and then figure out who's gay Arts dices hit with few more suits three more lawsuits alleging sexual abuse of and law to proceed toward trial over protest by the money arts dices that the statute limitations right out years ago It's the statute of limitations that was the one with the penis on it The cases join at least four others are also alleging decades old abuse that have been allowed to proceed in recent weeks by the way for the audience It's moderating out there the confad next to his broken up and ex ex ex still securing his job as of this moment Zack is intact Zack is intact and he's still washing his back Attorney's typically have up to seven years after the incident to file civil cases on behalf of their clients claiming negligence and sexual battery According to Florida law But in cases where there are allegations that the wrongdoing was covered up plaintiff's attorney say the time constraints do not apply Undy turd arts dicey spokeswoman Mary Ross agostices there are dicey's as faithly judicial system and will continue to move forward Whatever happens are available to us if they have such great faith in a judicial system why did they cover up all these things for years and years You sure it has to wonder I'm sorry Last week, Miami-Dade County Circuit Court Judge Jennifer Bailey decided to sit against the Reverend Ernesto Garcia Rubio could go forward under the name of one FRdo with an out 35 year old plaintiff said that the priest raped him in 1984 The al Salvador and refugee was threatened with deportation when he reported the assault the assault said the plaintiff's attorney Russell S Adler how do you like that? He was raped at a gang rape is funny also last week mommy circuit judge Michael Savvy's denied the narcisese motion to this Misacase and bothered to be on identified girls allegedly most didn't the church of San Agatha in 1989 said the plan It goes on and on not These tabloids say they're gonna They're scared I'm a good person the sales department is scared. He's scared of us. You have notice Good keep the keep their answers on here, okay? What was that all about tell me was cracking up because Troy's slides at the paper through the door You just open that a crack and slides it Go ahead, Rose it through the door. Good keep your crack out of our door. Back to him. Okay My moka complexed friend keep your crack out of our hand out of our door 20 WQA I Don't I must be calling it on the way home have a safe trip to Boka by the way mowing get that blood pressure down Very it can't unsettling to watch that hairpiece hopping up and out by itself losing contact with the scalp not a good thing to see not a pretty picture You know it Maybe that's what clearance got a little bit unsettled by seeing the side of that 20 till 10 At five sixty wdq and we're every day here now turns out to be just another wild event just another move Like that is what it is here a QA Well, what a shame I'm not gonna be here too much longer. You know I'm gonna be hitting the road once again. Yeah, look at all the fun You're gonna be this a good You know all you guys out there size really does make a difference I'm sure already where that corned-afloaded department of labor can pre-to-professionals have gotten really big ones and of course We're talking about paychecks according to the state of Florida computer careers among the highest paid in the highest demand as well Fast train can up you achieve your new high paying computer careers just four short months fast trains got locations in candle Miami For a lot of nail and pepper pines with day evening and we can schedule There's no excuse to stand at that end job call fast train right now toll free at one eight six six fast train That's one eight six six fast train. They got full-time job placement and glad and teeth financing to call them or check them out With a web at fast train.com because you can have a big one real soon Speaking of that I get more solicitate more a junk mail on my email For a penis extension if you see those yes, that's all I get on you can have an extra two to three inches this week before new When you can have an extra five sick you can be dragging like a trousers snake, you know What is that all about? Mobile look into it call fast train today and get you a big one to a big fat paycheck one eight six six fast train Monday this time baby Yeah Don't ask me I don't give a crap Next stop is over and And it's five six seven fire of the S-16 Will it blow it all up any at no time? Will it play up an exalt sign? Will you adjoining your glad? Hope you could better than your dad And gotta go see if that guy's a dumb It's really gotta sell me the dumb You know, we'll never make peace for the street Do you want to make flyin' or leave? And it's one, two, three What are we back for? Pretty soon I'm home, Ellie Will be a spot of grease And it's five six seven hit go to the apocalypse Will it blow it all up any at no time? Maybe the third time the charm And it's one, two, three What are we back for? Don't ask me I don't give a crap You asshole? I 46 at five sixty W-2-3 They broke it up the big tiff next door for the moment At least for today I guess the next chapter tomorrow is What I'm thinking So anyway, you open up to the very middle page of this week's star The issue is February 11, 2003 The woman the picture of Tom Cruise and The little instead of Leona who just turned 173 And there in the right in the middle Right where you find originally the playboy post Do you hear I guess? Instead we got a big headline it says He's a fag And there's a picture of Tommy Cruise beard and all And there's Leona who does look a day of 163 there Does she? Look at that Woo! Her name is a pole Holy crap She looks like Ebony's a screw down a bad day With a bad one of those and Favea Mow would more that piece You know it He which meant can it Tom Cruise fury over Queen of Mean Gaze Sluor exotel employee tells court Tom Cruise is furious at it New York Hotel magnet Leona Hemsley over reports that she called him a fag And plans to sue the gay bashing queen of Mean Says the actor's attorney He's not gay, raided's Bertram Fields Cruises high powered Hollywood lawyer It's a terrible thing for her to say she has no basis for it It's outrageous, it's absolutely false There's no question that Mr. Cruise will take legal action There will be damages especially since it's been given Lied spread publicity The shocking accusation that the top gun is in the straight arrow of surface As part of a $40 million discrimination lawsuit filed on the New York by Charles Bell He claims Tom's a fired him as general manager of a 600 room park lane hotel Because he is gay Got it? He's gay Got it Bell says that Hemsley 82 is known to hate homosexuals And is constantly questioning whether people are employing our gay He claims she asks job applicants Are you gay if you are then watch out Hemsley's homophobic rancid against Cruise allegedly came out of the blue one day While she was watching him on TV John Moore, her ex-security chief testified her man-hatten gay bashing trail He's gay, he's a fag Hemsley said to her, Blur did out When it doubt she blur did it out More added that he thought the multimillionaire men at Moore's a putt on the estimate A fact her lawyer's chief ex-house tonight she's anti-gay If anything, ex-house as well as the one who's been behaving badly Made that hotel testified that Bell sweep resembled a sexual torture chamber It resembled a sexual torture chamber All right Once that was as she found sex toys rings Bloody sheets And body well when she came up to tidy up Another time she was startled by a naked guy in the sofa And last Valentine's Day she stumbled upon belt and ten guys in leather partying To distinct because one place they call him Bell on the place it's called Belk But feel to intense the launch his own investigation The matter says cruis is only concerned about Hemsley We'll sue her for making outrageous involvement I know his attitude on it says the law and exclusive interview He's given the authorization to file if anyone says he's gay It's clearly not true He's not gay, do you believe it? I want you to stay up right now It's say that he's not gay, okay? We believe it on this show He's not gay He's not gay He's not maybe anything else But he's definitely not gay Right? Right? Whatever Throw? George said that The rumors been around for years I'm positive that Mr. Cruis will file a properly we've done so before And we'll certainly sue Ms. Hemsley It's the famitor that she said those things The minority report her through I've been suing every slanderer inside He recently won a $10 million judgment And lost it against gay child's up, gay porn star Chan slater Who claimed he had a homosexual fling with cruis How about Christian slater? How about him? One of your favorites You know, you don't have to go here Haven't come out on top of that court panel So I just say the stupid stars raid do whatever it takes to keep his sexual orientation from being questioned He's been a whole more press conferences on this Then Tom Sullyke Bert Reynolds Who are some of the other ones? Michael Jackson Speaking of him Tom's got nothing against gay Says in insider he just hates lies And he resents being the target of Hemsley's Malicious statements He's sick of having to prove his manhood Over and over and over again He's hurtful to him and his loved ones Especially his girlfriend Penelope crew is rhymes with Shmoos and Luz Anyone who sees Tom with Penelope knows that he loves women ads in sider Sources say the pair were curly hot for each other Once he visited him on the set of last samurai During filming of some scenes And one of brother studio in Burbank, California Everything was like get room you two Sismans are really totally into each other Very physical lots of kissing and touching No way Tom could fake that he's good But he's not that good of an actor You can't fake it Just ask Rock Hudson Doris Day And cruis is now focused on getting even Leonah Hemsley could apologize Till she's blew in a face as the insider If she called Tom names Tom thinks she's an evil Blank Rams with Witch How do you like that? She's an evil Blank Rams with Witch Take a look at that pussy again Man if you ever seen a picture like that in your life Man the queen of mean Good, gallymous Molly I think she's the queen I have never in my life seen anything I grew some looking she looks like Joan Collins's great great grandma Don't you think she's an evil bitch? Yeah Rams with Witch And who hasn't grown up with a few fairies around You know it? So there's latest done now We gotta get to the OJ thing Don't you think? Yeah WQAM Meow Yes sir Did you happen to reach him to feed the article This morning in the paper? You want to know how the herald is so good And how it's not a good use to be But are we really good over here? Yeah, I saw that I was sitting on the crap where you met I think you were perfect and helped a lot What a sellout I used to write articles for the new times What kind of budget do they have there And he used to write articles all the time Of our fee shiver And all the county commission Now we can't do a job there Because of funding Hey, maybe if they did some of that To get a report and people would buy the rag Yeah It's just for that I'm very much in that It's really pathetic Right And I love the lullan says The herald is still a great newspaper Not as great as it used to be What does that mean? I thought, you know, just like you I thought he was a guy that was going to come in And call a white he saw him And write it and make a difference He's just a sellout He sold out Exactly And he just writes puppies Now just crap Yeah, what a joke He fits right in Thanks for the reminder Yeah, Jim, the feeding man you're pathetic You're very weak You wrote a couple of columns We thought, hey, here's the chance Here's a guy that's really going to write some stuff And now he's writing about Hey, this paper's really okay It's not so bad It's a crap And what can we do? We don't have any money And all the, it was sad It was really tragic And then he was going on here and saying Well, you know, QAM once upon a time We used to be pretty good And now we suck And I mean everybody knows that anyway So what are we supposed to do? Like this hour The QAM We're going to Korean name this not the night of 10 hour The QAM throw away hour Sure And unfortunately, it threw it away Which we, this is a hot potato hour I don't want it You can have no, we're all like passing it around And a hallway And everybody keeps dropping it Don't give it to me No, no How about Carlos, you want it? He, he, he, he We got something for you, all right He could do it in the bathroom He already hands Oh look at this, are you hot? The search for America's sexiest people From the creator of the bachelor Uh, the clothes come off for two hours Thursday, February 13th at ABC And are you aware of this show? What? You have for many of it to show Well, take a look at this picture right here Okay, there's something very, very there We don't see any headshots But in a picture like that Who wants to see head? Yeah, whatever We've been cares about head And a picture like that Or if they have them Wow, exactly They could be like, come on, Korean and then headless horseman Oh, I'm sure that a lot of us will be glad to get a hold of one or both of those With a lot of them That's something man, oh man Are you hot? The search for America? I think they're finally catching on I've been trying to tell these people for years now And they're got to travel Chandler caught on for about six months They're now the busy to show him Vegas shows every day They, they, they, they lost it They spent They're all swat Yeah, they shot their load What is this over? Caution, do not lick this page It's it Yeah, I was just about two, two Right there around the naval Isn't that one of those lickin' stiffs? Mm-hmm Look at that Wow What am I looking for? I'm looking for an old jewelry We better hurry up, we're okay Computer command was helping Uncle Sandway's war on terrorists Nice work, Carlos, and that's what we're not supposed to tell him By that Video head would bill heres I prefer the real thing myself Blood money Fedsay, rat music dollars Maybe bankrolling terrorists Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha What is it? Fedsay, rat music money Maybe bankrolling terrorists Oh, yeah Rat mobile earth gotty He's been linked to a kid drug kingpin Of course, you know those drugs Right Gelberg Blake going bananas He can't do the time and solitary Poor Bobby Blake your favorite Who killed that bitch Poor guy Rimes with the way it's blood of a guy You know something I can't find a story I have to do during the break Oh no We'll have to find the OJ story During the break in the inquiry Because obviously he's one of our very very favorite people To rip an ass We hate you OJ And so does everybody else Can't stand you It's said the worst of the juxtapars Like many of the people are working this building Some of the most anxious people People re-avoid a situation like whatever that means People don't even like sniff when they've been in the tea room I will say one thing about sector Boy, he sure drops up It's really low in there, you know What? What do you want to think about us fat people Well, we believe some really nasty Aron with behind in the magic room Is it the pressure? Sure What do you think? When you eat that much when you consume that Viney muffoo and you got the irritable balance All like churning in there Like fermenting Frementing Huh? Oh my god, you can't even begin You don't want to be near it You want to be with an shouting or sniffing distance In my luck I go in there and take a leak And he's, of course, not right It's not really the aroma But the number of visits It makes you look like a piker I bet you'd be for anybody even gets here in the morning He's been there for five times already Zack So watch your back side, Zack Don't slip off that this Terlotsseed I can't find, maybe it's just a tease Maybe there is no story in here about OJ Seriously, I mean this is heavy do these stuff What if Christian and Antonio Thought over the same one? What is this? I don't know what, what shows that Oh, one life to live I don't watch those ABCs soaps Okay, I'm dropping Bad for you Out of care what you're giving me a song That's about all the good ones guys on that What is it, General Hospital? I'm supposed to be watching You didn't hear that for me Some woman called it and said that Or fact it in Now I didn't hear it from you because you're not paying attention They're important stuff You're not even a who? You don't know Teresa from Antonio from Luis Miguel Who? Exactly The mystery of Nicole's hands The hours beauty caught red handed the golden gloves Look at that, she's got red hands She's got this panhand No, he's soaking in it Uh, I can't find the OJ star Which is good, we'll give you something to do During the commercial Oh, here it is Here it is OJ attacks daughter, copsaber After 911 call By me we already had the original little puppies But not the great stuff you get in the inquiring Oh, yeah, the juice Oh, sorry, the juice on the juice That's what everybody's waiting for They can already taste this Why? And local We're sports radio 560's You A You A Fuck, I'm out of the O'Bakadadol No single artist embodies the spirit of Valentine's Day Like Gordon Whitefoot Are you serious? Uh-huh Now Gordon Whitefoot takes them out of the From the wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald And passionately embraces your favorite Love songs in his new album Gordon Whitefoot Saints Valentine's Day Dear my whole brother I know that my heart will go away Yes Canada's most intimate singer Gordon Whitefoot Will put you in the mood for love With this Elmas Presley class Stay my heart, take my whole life To what I can help all evening Turn up the passion And turn down the lights With Gordon Whitefoot's rendition of this Marvin Gaye favorite Is what I get this feeling Any sexual healing Gordon Whitefoot will tug at your heartstrings And pierce your ear drums With Whitney Houston's most famous love song And ahhh With all hope It's cheaper than a dozen roses And you'll want to keep it around almost as long It's Gordon Whitefoot's Sinks Valentine's Day We're in the other day 10 o'clock at 5.60 WQM Happy Tuesday to know we can officially start to show Thank goodness We dispense with that 9 to 10 hour Went by kind of fast in it Yeah, it was alright It was okay, it went spectacular A lot of good calls in it though Yeah Yesterday's poll results 1474 votes How are you personally impacted by the Columbia shuttle disaster? A thousand and six 68.2% well over two-thirds That was a tragedy But Schmidt happens There's still going on by the way From moment with miles of Ryan It's Johnson Space Hits Oh, thank you Uh, 256 people said there were somewhat That personally impacted 17% Very greatly only 131.8% Very greatly And not at all 81 hardhearted Bastards out there said Not at all 5.5% out of only 1500 votes Today's poll? I'm glad you asked And like I said, my psychic powers must have been really kicking an overdrive You know it? Because I had, I was in a shower I was thinking about four or five different polls Manistana Hallala Hazegh Yeah, seriously, poll questions I guess I didn't freeze that well But anyway, which of these people Are you most convinced is gay as the poll today? Good, okay? And it's just an opinion thing Oh, and again, we're not accusing anybody Being gay other than me and Fiki Carlisle I don't know anybody else who is It's just spiky Everybody else who's accused of that Of course, it's only a rumor Right? Do we know anybody else who is? Alice Rantel? Norma Kent? I think that's it What's Lund's friends name? Anyway, which of these people? That's he people to put on there Don't you think? I'm going to ask you a little bit Of course, of course the audience can call And help us build a list Most convinced That's all, it's just an opinion See, I don't understand that whole thing about Swing everybody inside first of all What's the big deal? So what if he is? Huh? He's already established himself as whatever it is It doesn't make any difference anymore That's pass A to be afraid to be gay Yeah, you to tell somebody else how they want to be perceived Oh, I'm trying to be honest I'm not talking about that But, uh, so again, people speculate about these things And of course, people are curious And the bottom line is that all this Hollywood crap Nothing is ever whether it appears to be It's all manufactured, it's fabricated Oh, this one is kissing kiss and what I want Nobody really knows because it's all manufactured by the publicity people So you just assume you just make a guess And anything, you kind of tinder about it It's funded tinder about, right? Like maybe somebody is, let's start saying Which, according to backstitch, think our gay or things like that I was speaking of that, we got to one list Which of these people are you most convinced is gay And again, we're not saying that any of them is Look what I put first on the list Oh, he's going to be really upset Tom Cruise Troy Akman Steve Young Matt Damon Ben Affleck J. Lo Puff Daddy or George Rodriguez Well, you're always getting that all the time Where the hell am I put it on? They believe that, they hear you sounding really kind of like swishy on a year Yeah, that's kind of how you sound of her Do you want a year and you sound very, I don't know Maybe it's this chair, maybe he would just enjoy it Cause in there you sound a little bit more much No you're coming back and you'll be there When you come in here, maybe it rubs off You know, right, maybe those pictures on a wall behind me Stir like a f**king eargage mentality and the way you speak and things like that Or can the way you like that be tweet by teeth That could be it No you're thinking about that hockey player again Danny, that hockey player, Danny, he, he, he, he, he, he is Oh, okay, yeah, you're supposed to play to make it loud That's it So we don't get in that on the air here Because South Florida is like hockey hill all that all star stuff this weekend It was a good dog and pony show and it turned out to be all exciting everything up, but that was that This place they and how I I keep saying is how did I survive those shows? That's a one time and I think the only time I'll have to say George was right and I was full of crap Although you never stopped it you never said hey this boy you should you know No, no, I walked right in and said this stops now get out of here remember your killing all I said was I didn't want to answer the phone You're a we're going to show you to drag his ass right out of that It was a one take your freelance whether we don't be grudge of the free food we know you're free loader But get out of here. I've ever had some gaming in my ear I'm going to drop some names. I got out of here, man. That's what you should have said. Okay. How we sell this anything on his show How it could possibly still be on here after those shows Anyway, that's our list so far more to come. I'm sure from the audience But first In the inquire. Now, maybe this is more as see these are just hot off the press Probably in the you know all the book shops in the Canada week ago. Is that amazing how I get these all like way ahead up there? Why is that? Because we suck you could throw a brick from here to land 10 where they publish these things and for some strange reason they show up here like late Late Right, I guess they figured we're not in any big hurry down here to know what's going on Everybody's kind of like laid back and really slow like the drivers out there You ought to see how slow they are around pump and oh like last night coming back from the track They're going real slow. I mean, they're just bare the median age in that areas like a hundred plus death plus 40 Death plus 50 When more palm air I I'm serious to see of that blue hair a sea of like frizzled rotting here Making most peace look like a fashion plate OJ attacks daughter cops safer after 9 11 call exploding in the fit of rage Probably even a worse fit of rage than we heard through the doorway this morning when they were having that powwow and air And cleans his room. It sounded like the world was coming to an end and right there now Well, a hallway you could hear you asshole over and over again asshole. Calm down. Silly old man Anyway exploding in fit of rage. OJ Simpson attacked his terrified daughter who locked herself in her bedroom and called 9 11 for police rescue her cops race to Simpson's mommy home when they found the badly shaken 17 year old hiding from her powerful father The muscular 6 foot one athlete unleashed his fear against any after she challenges a theory and active defines that made OJ snap The inquarer got the full chilling details of the emotionally violent attack the climax of an increasingly explosive relationship between OJ and his top-minded Independent daughter See when you name your daughter Sydney even though it's called with a y she's gonna be tough Sydney you spend time with a grandparents and OJ firmly believe OJ code or mother Nicole gets so angry with the father's even told him you killed mommy We feel they family and cider You killed mommy Correct man The recent 9 11 call rock members of Sydney's family and redged up painful memories of a January 1st 19-89 call her mother made the 9 11 screaming that OJ was assaulting her while beating Nicole OJ's were all kill you Don't we have that in the OJ thing there's something about the there's a bit No, is it a bit that's got a call in there, huh? It has pieces of it yet What is he doing if he's running here? What's up? Woman What are you just harassing it? He's gonna care a minute, but he's just acting really So you can handle life but we can know what point OJ police get you okay? We're just going to You're gonna I think they come to the army to get what's going on all right? Yeah, that's right Do you know Do you have the mystery thing? It's not whether you win your loose it's out from your kids No, see now this is we're not talking about people are the closet here's the fact that includes my name on him What is that for little get it? Are you people really that stupid? Is that what it is? Not talking about people are publicly out of the closet and have been for over 25 years That what what is that make it it takes the fun out of we're talking about people is a little bit of guess work involved Okay a little bit of speculation as they say Prince Prince belongs on the list Are you writing these down or you just sitting there with a blank look on you say you haven't even type it up? Oh, you're typing them in wow Why we really move it up in a world now typing them in as we speak make Jagger, but that that's here I belong on our either because we are really no boys to hear bisexuality okay David though. Yeah, but he does use bank of mouthwash But I want ever though just the letters have been moved around van a push the wrong one. Okay and Michael Jackson and see that again We're not talking about pedophiles we're talking about Gabe which evidently this person a little bit confused out there you don't know your facts mister you better start learning about it damn it idiot. It's what we got one of that prince It goes on to say five years later They blonde beauty was brutally murdered in her own yard now family members and experts hear her daughter Sydney is in very very real danger How do you like that anyone online a kill McColle? That's probably why everybody knows it Except a few people in this building Are you think the people is building who are like suck up the OJ so heavy do you think that they know it But they just don't care or they have some kind of a sublible thing that just in a back of their mind They know what but they block it out the way people are with their own family members just in deep deep denial I can't be can't happen Hmm I've prayed in God every night that Sydney doesn't end up like my sister Nicole dead Denise Brown told the inquiry on exclusive interview OJ doesn't like strong woman and Sydney is like a strong woman just like her mother Nicole was before he killed her she ain't too strong anymore Fame Beverly Hills for a psychiatrist doctor Carol Lieberman told the inquiry This is a volatile explosive situation Sydney's life could be in grave danger was that a plan words you think could be in grave Danger That danger became alarmingly alerted 1135 a.m. on January 10 when Sydney placed the emergency call from the Simpson home in Miami Just weeks after returning from visit with a grandparents Luin Judith a brown Office of Mary and Gezi arrived at the house within five minutes in a report obtained by the inquiry She said police thought a female in distress Not undressed distress Upon arrival Sydney was in her bedroom upset Sydney stated she and her father OJ got into an argument or family issues She calmed down agreedly the residents to defuse the situation she stated she would return later The detective Randy Rossman a big county police spokesman told the inquiry were trained to separate the parties until they calm down only minutes earlier Tempers had cleared the frightening heights inside the home OJ was out of control and ran to get Sydney for civilmen's family inside her told the inquiry He never struck Sydney, but he was yelling and was out of control Out of control just like some stuff that we had go on recently hearing his building only moments ago only minutes ago Within shouting distance of this studio, which my answer sitting right now. You asshole wild stuff going on Ranting and raving and screaming and pounding and yelling and quaking and shaking How do you like that OJ himself this closet this closet this close to a close hotel. He's this closet I was thinking of the pool this close to a close pal. She hit pillow the building yelled I knew how to be alone when you were away for 18 months that it remarked made him snaps at the family inside her What Sydney saw in his face absolutely frightened her. She was afraid for a safety man into another room OJ's a big man His presence seemed overwhelming to where she had seen him losing before hitting things throwing them against the wall and getting in somebody's face He can look like a mad man as in put it like that a mad man a Wild man She was being attacked so she called the cops and locked herself at her bedroom until they pully survive. She was very afraid of him Anacos on now you can pick up the inquiry the whole article. Okay, goes on it much much greater length, but it's a little pond was okay As it just he just won't go away just what he needed down here was another scumbag OJ How about like Jupiter would be good up there. I'll may probably don't watch either Maybe saying Augustine coming down a little bit Jackass you asshole Problem at Saturday 10 at 5 60 WQAM have you spent the last year avoiding mirrors in 2002 if you're sick of coming those sure meaning strands of that enormous ball tree on your head like Bob Colba's if you're Tadoconsely looking for that baseball cat to cover up for your lack of hair now's the time of color Good buddy Chuck Alphiiri because for over 25 years now my good close personal piezon Charlie has been helping guys look their best Look better when younger than they ever thought they would again if you're one of those victims and there are millions and millions of us so that ugly male pattern baldness that big glowing Dlering bald spot covered up with real hair not something looks like an animal died on your head not holes in the head Not blood dripping down your 400 dangerous pills that could kill you, but just a great looking piece to natural Hereline system and the difference being it looks like the hair is growing out of your scalp So if you want to look better like I said in ever than you thought you could again call Charles Alphiiri You don't forget mentioning your Rogers Hill Laktoa to bucks off the regular prices well 1 800 3 2 1 24 13 give yourself a gift for the new year a great looking head of hair 1 800 3 2 1 24 13 or log under their website at Charles alphiiri.com How can about women Gelsie Gelsie Talking on a sports show Try to do the macho Your voice sounds just like a Standard year of girl a Little sports show What else are you therefore Gelsie Gelsie talking like a baby Who needs a little training Fight and you understand you don't sound like a man We both of rubber bands that choke your stroke Daddy Gelsie Your lucky management don't help Because Gelsie You don't belong there on the air and Gelsie The sports can wait till your voice cracks Oh anyone who sounds like that should find another job And they should only take you back when both your babies drop When you're gonna grow up You make us want to grow up You silly squeaky boo Go to broadcasting school Your pretty You asshole 10 18 at 5 60 WQ. I'm happy Tuesday too Greetings from Cleveland. It says you're on his pants. I don't understand what tell us all about All I see these supposed to be funny like Arabic shows And my 33 sons of someone else, but okay great have a great day in Cleveland Here's a fashion avian who says the listening since high school past 97 as far as my suggestion for the pull-hoo I think is gay how about Brian Andrew's new-th boy? What What are you hiding your head for what are you hanging your head Brian Andrew's put it on there. Let's go Brian Andrew's new-th boys what's there's here as opposed to like paper boy You know he's talking about over there channel 7 not you or that talking about women. I'm sure that Shameless request for the guilty sign. It says Europe plus your but we just got your plan at four in there you go It belongs to charge boy you sure tickle Georgia's fancy. I'll tell you that with Brian Andrew's new-th boy. I thought no, but you thought what go right ahead No, like I said I'm sorry Don't say it no, I won't Okay, the pull is up which of these people are you most convinced this gay? We're not accusing anybody on this program of being gay Is if they're waiting wrong with that? See, that's what really gets me although this is still America So we got you know, wow, it's gonna turn is my image Why do we just put everybody in the Georgia Scientology on there like no, what won't do that? How about John Reeveulta? Shouldn't be on list? Of course he should I see we're gonna have to build our own list because again And this is like carry over from yesterday very lame very weak the audiences taking a few weeks off to like We juggle there of brains if they can find any very lame 560 pound 560 on the 1810 for isomardous line put the John for Older on there please you got it good Here's our only lonely call from Jupiter. Hello. Hi, good morning. Yes, sir enjoy your program very well. Thank you You're the one I Have a question and a comment go ahead and the question is how come the engines here don't have casino gambling as they do any other parts of the country on federal land Well because the state government don't want him to have it and they keep threatening to go open up full blown casinos In the states that they can't do anything that isn't already legal in the Constitution and the flat continues going on if I was them I just opened it up the whole deal and you know just say a suicide, you know, it's funny because I said to a land You know, that's right Okay, my other and my comment is almost died two years ago when when a great Marista rocket died and nobody nobody even heard of him They're the truth is talking about hockey George George this guy's talking hockey Maurice reshired the rocket's Tarnished Maybe she asked me if they heard boom boom Jeff okay, see Oh, you're not you're not getting that dog That's man, okay, you gotta be able to walk in chew gum at the same time even though Gerald four couldn't do it Here's this old frog calling in about here. I'm glad he enjoys the show, but please don't ever call us again, sir You're killing us with that rocket the reshired crap, okay next thing is gonna have Danny Gallivan on the phone with him Come on, I'm sorry 560505060 God, you know can't we get anybody in the age of 100 here? I mean man It's really depressing And you are Clarence keeps saying well the demographic is a little station pretty super gonna be like jury after Explorez well, let me just say this to your clearance first of all who wants to hear people though? I was I was driving into the parking lot this morning and I heard them hernetically trying to drum up something to talk about because now that football season is over There's nothing people want to hear about they want to hear about basketball? Of course not they want to hear about Okay, come on, oh, oh, oh, oh, no So one of these guys been talk about okay until we came to work on this radio station I never in my life realized before that there even was such a thing is the animal that infests this place Maybe now would be a good time for them to look at it squeeze it analyze it and think Why is it that we're so married to this nonstop ramen clock? Especially since the best day part of this station Traditionally for the past five years and not traditionally, but always has been this non sports day part Huh, but we don't have any recluse about talk How about your part that's considered crazy talking what these wall something let's had some crazy talk you'd a better share than a two seven I guarantee you that In a way I feel for those guys at least some of them what are you gonna talk about now? This is a one one trick pony here this town and they don't know much about that either, but that's all they care about Well, if you have you how is they recruiting for the herk who and football coming for next year? I heard that I wanted to turn around to go back home. I Hey, I all the sudden got to some believable two-thake my whole mouth was like move like that swollen My roiids were like inflamed From here in that kind of crap I mean, I never realized that there were such people which reminds me don't let me forget about that other pull I think we'll do it tomorrow in fact me believe in do it today because this ain't gonna go over I don't think I'll let know we got a bunch of votes you're leading of course so we'll leave it on there But at any rate no, it's seriously that remember the guy facts the poll last week about That what age did you stop worrying? We're not talking about attending sporting events. That's one thing. We're talking about like in every day garb walking around in sports jerseys and stuff Sports perforated like in your regular life I thought that was good, you don't like that pull What the you know about a good pull? I know my pull has to believe me I've been scouring the world looking for The parade of popular belief nothing oh yeah, oh, I see now is getting nervous has getting real You would you like us to announce a press conference so that you've been announced the word that you're not gay? Huh, I think like that. I don't give a call maybe you and tap a flying one. Maybe you and Tom Cruz can I call a joint Press conference gay? No, you want it well on a whole time cruises joint nothing. You'd like to smoke it. Yeah, sure. Well pipe smoke. What's it? Whatever I got in this little thing I got my mom and this Carlos man. He thinks everybody's got weed You know everything is weed He wishes yeah, wish it this was I had had this little cherry what are these called? They're called Tatiana's I don't think we can say that Tatiana flavored cigars this one happens to be cherry That's nice to share and out of a course of don't cherry. It's nice to share don't cherry Thank you sorry if sorry I said that Sound a little bit like sorry grapes We all in a Palazzo this audience you can't force feed it to a much understand you can't force feed them They don't care about certain things and This station is maniacal thing where we got rape Perry running right about I had a nightmare about him last night about rape Perry You lie no I really I had a nightmare about rape Perry was he the dinosaur? I don't remember what that was but he was like making life miserable for everybody including me And I was like throwing things at the wall and just getting all bent out of shape about him Here's one of the most innocuous guys that ever came down to pike was trying to Fly below the radar here as much as possible so they can continue you know Getting a check and like get to his retirement and get that a lot of here and say bye bye. I you know good plan Yeah, good thinking Ray cuz I'm here and but anyway And I had a nightmare about him To show you how this was affects your mind. I don't recall the tales I'm one of those people when I wake up in the morning. I had a dream like that I just erase it for that what made it a nightmare was there some other element that just the fact that we got this place was good enough for a start Thanks a lot Greg you idiot Messing up my mind now what was I talking about before before you deflected my You're talking about a poll idea that you had that I didn't like oh I don't know I thought it was cute Yeah for five minutes maybe Well, maybe we can just discuss it rather than waste a whole day in a pool. Let's get a call or two about it You think we're gonna call no, no, and you want it? Why cuz the sports nerds who are glued to this radio station I'm a clock they're all after they got their hurricane outfits and they're dolphin jerseys and their jets are paraphernal I mean if you go to a sporting event you were in that domain heat difference of your hundred that's fine I close with the ambiance of the territory But when you're like going out for supper or something like that when you go in for a breakfast and denies for the grand slam Or whatever you're getting over there grand slam make another strong sport check as he's ready Region for you know you know, I'm maybe when you go into denies you should be where and I take that back Although not an adult not an adult walking around and stuff. I'm like I mean that did I should go in the denies It doesn't matter. Yeah, does I know I see people like that. I think you overgrown guy like 35 40 years old He's walking around he's got his dolphin thing. I like a child. I think I could be a child just by being in denies You don't have the right to criticize anybody's a peril. That's a good point Of course, you know me. I wear the same clothes every day anyway, so what am I who mind to talk? Although that's a Relatively newest shirt. Is it huh? Relatively long some of my chief sandwich on there so no look to close it's 10 27 at five Five 60 to a QAM how's that pull coming? Which of these people we got 63 votes in there? Or we'll get this thing going in spread of that nine and ten hour 9 to 10 hours really starting to bug me because now I'm thinking about it before I didn't think about it now I'm thinking about it and it's really aggravating the crap out of me To kill on us baby kill us just straying us the high potato hour We don't want it. They don't want it nobody wants it. Let's do transmitter maintenance between the nine and ten Couldn't be a worse lead than we already got 63 votes which of these people are you most convinced is gay George Rodriguez 25 gay Tom Cruise 13 Prince 10 Trake men nine puff daddy three mad Damon two Steve young one then aflach was there on jalo has the big oh s none So you're like your fact hugged is that automatically make you a lesbian yourself how does that work? I just don't think that most heterosexual women continue getting married to guys who are overtly if gay I just I mean I could be wrong about that. Maybe they just keep wishing They keep swishing 28 past 10 at five sixty wq and we got a pristine lineup today man. We got the mad dog at one the Humphrey three Perkoun hotline at seven the big oh eight to ten and he came from jay at the What look at this they can't even get the skids or red it says 10 32 must be doing transmitter maintenance from ten to ten 30 And then join mark live from the cheetah between two and six in the morning From the cheetah I thought you just got married and now he's not only easy doing a show from the cheetah I bet you genina will be at the cheetah their holding his hand Side by each We all have different lifestyles by the way and if you as a result you need different products to make you feel better and be healthier All of you made Mediterranean for most of our events combination different you wonder why I'm slurring everything in them like way out of source I'm audacink I don't know you get that got no it that could be it maybe because I'm gay No, it's that track I can't keep these guys company every guy dimma I get home at midnight. I get about five hours sleep I'm I'm I'm not even here as I'm slurring on my lollol and hey rich and Derek have a good time while I'm gone Okay, which would be very very soon sooner you think and I've already no, I know see then I talk about this last week Like it's your trip like I got to be here to go babysit them while I'm here We better go a lot now because I'm gonna be here short time or before go back to Toronto So if it's on a week night too bad you got to be here to hold our hand and loses much money as you can It's getting old you know it's getting like me it's getting old. I can't handle I need some sleep I'm gonna take a nap right now God damn it In fact, that's why I'm gonna do during the nine to ten hour every day. It's catch up on my sleep Only a medmetic training formulas or events combinations of pharmaceutical great olive oil combined with vitamins Mineral's herbal's other nutrient scientific redesign to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs Look for their three new form. Must have one to help you sleep. Oh God. I wish wait management in coq 10 Which is mighty important for your heart Older you might also got supplements to grow health in your circular tourist system your digestive your end of consistent your skin your bones even your mind All using the benefits of pharmaceutical rate olive oil and old image got products for men and women too Rumor I'm hearing as he take it for a little while you look just as good as Miguel probably not Only imagine outstanding product that's available all over time public's equitable food markets and wall green To get more information about their products and where you stick them call tool free one eight six six Oreo mad that's one eight six six six six five three sixty six thirty three can order products online the only man America dot com and don't forget to visit sampling Providence sports on every study during dolphin season. It's a long way now off so right it on your wrists Start feeling great today with Oreo men Boy My My Yeah Ready, run, yeah! Even though the race fair, lefty came the new bear, as the biggest fan club, and he sucks just like our Hoover! The thing that doesn't work out, I may be dead, and it's getting very light still on. It's racing out again, all with branches, and it's getting very, very warm. It's getting so warm, when they find out, you make shit straight on me. What you've raised away, I never bore you, yeah! You're the one who's always changed, world, you're the one who's always changed, you're the truth there, what the hell is this? I can't! What is this? You're the truth now, you're the truth now, yeah! I think we're changing the floor, okay? What do these people, are they already dead? Why are you waiting for me? What's in these people? Are they already dead? Why are you waiting for me? What's in these people? Are most convinced are gay or bi? Sexual, got it? Why me? That opens up a new Pandora's box. So we gotta put Jeff Gordon on there, even though, I mean, a lot of these people have a good excuse, which is... Yeah, the other one is... Well, I mean, a lot of these people have a good excuse, which is... Yeah, the other one is... So, there's a lot of these people, I don't provide anything to me. And just in a opinion, it's just for fun, okay? Just for fun, we like doing stuff like this. Like that makes a difference. Exactly, it's just a little bit of time, but also there to talk about nothing, absolutely nothing. Okay? Why aren't we talking about OJ, okay? We know he's not gay. We know he's an asshole, but we know he's not gay. So, we're going to write there. What would you rather be? Would you rather be like OJ or would you rather be gay? Ask me. Do you want to join QAn and Marlins players from Marlins' Caravan, known to two day at Hooters in Los Olos? Even though he almost earned by to come to that. The first 10 people to go ahead and mention they heard about the caravan if you're while my gal's going to be there, so that my home was especially invited to be. He just ran out to door by the way. The first 10 people to go ahead and mention they heard about the caravan on QAn if you want to get a 20-dollar Hooters gift certificate if it's a pair of tickets to opening day at the Marlins. Oh, we love the Marlins. Don't we love the Marlins? No, we don't care about the Marlins. Nobody gives a flying figure about the Marlins, okay? Nobody gives two hoots about it. But for something for free, they give a hoots and hooters. Don't forget Marlins players are going to be there. My gal will be there, sucking around, you know? Isn't he going to be there? I'm sure he will. I'm sure. He's not going to send anybody else on that assignment. Marlins, Caravan, known to do today. So I can't even... I'm in a calm, I'm sleeping. I'm sleeping. I'm sleeping like Liz on passions, all or she was faking sleepwalking. First 10 people to go ahead and mention they heard about the caravan I'm going to get a $20. Who does give to a typical per ticket to opening day? Okay, get back to the list here. How could we forget my Piazza? Who also held a almost scary press conference. But I mean, but I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. Two people say Richard gear. Richard gear. I've been here that. Why didn't you be here with Nana? You've been looking at his acto. Watching that animal show? That was wrong with you. Animal planet. Yeah. I guess nobody talks about jurbles. I heard the animal planet was Uranus. I started costing much to get your jurbles declined. Although I don't think... Well, anyway. George Clooney. Wow. That ever crossed your mind? I don't even know he never crosses my mind. It's because of that haircut. He's got that faggy hair that Luis Miguel haircut. David Gess lies in Italy's husband. David Gess, I don't know who that is. I guess I've seen the picture of him when he was. You can do this for five minutes, but the small potatoes. They ain't gonna be me on that thing. He has a wife, you know? Yeah, we're not talking about marginal people like some marginal fading old fagg hag celebrity like Liza Manelli. Forget about him. What about Justin? Justin Tinkerbell. Good boy Carlos. I don't know what he is. I don't think he's a human. That's Tinkerbell. Yeah, that's for damn sure. Justin Tinkerbell put him on there. When owner rider. She's a dyke. Somebody thinks when owner rider. Daniel Gay and they Luis. What do you say about Daniel Gay? I never got that impression. What do I do? What do I do? That's not the pool. Ask me. How do you know I was talking to you? Oh, I'm sorry. Hey Carlos, what do you think about Daniel Gay Luis Carlos? No, don't put him on. The guys on friend. The guys on friends. The holiday. And then San Francisco quarterback Jeff Garcia. As if that's the big surprise. I mean, how could I have left him off of there? Now again, we're just we're just doing this for fun. We're just guessing, but I'm going to tell you something seriously. He just either he's got a lot of affectations or, you know, it's just one of the other. There's no one between. You ever saw Jeff Garcia? No, you wouldn't have seen him. I wouldn't. Well, consider yourself very fortunate. The pool so far is a runaway. I'm sure that some of your close friends out there are seizing this opportunity. All of her. To stick it to you, man. Which of these people are you most convinced? This is going to ruin my dating life, you know. Are you having dating life? Oh, no. You hear that crystal? He has a dating life. I'll actually already knew that. That's why she had the other kid. 124 votes. Which of these people are your most convinced is Gay or Bye? Michael Jackson's a daddy. George Rodriguez 47. He has a wife, you know? I know. Tom Cruise 24, Prince 23, Troy Acmon. You know, Troy with the Aconiness 17, Pop daddy six, Mad Damon three, Steve Young appear. Ben Affleck. Uh, it's changing again slowly too. Ben Affleck two, J. Lowe's got one in Jeff Gordon. He just went up on her. As we continue with spending, or let's hear his one for Eddie Murphy. Okay. Number Murphy's Law? No. If it moves, he likes it. Well, says everybody got caught with that transvest. And Hollywood by Bob O'od, said everyone's so on. Oh, that was a mix up. And he said he was just trying to hip around and get it off the street. Right. Right. It says, whatever that right. Good. Murphy honored his critics. Okay. He's used to be funny a long time ago. Whatever happened to Murphy. He's still making around. He got kind of fail. He's still, he made those movies. The fat guy movies, the nutty professor movies. They were very big for now. That's a long time ago. Dr. Doodle Little. Is that what he's doing? Yeah. Little. He's doing all right. He did the P.J. I'm not, I'm not. I'm not concerned as he'd do it all right. Now that was I wasn't considering writing a matcheck and making a loan. I was just wondering if we see him much, man anymore. He's still busy. See what started bothering me when he started singing when he pretended to be, what some of these guys who we come out of any other one, not to get into a racial thing. We went under the, is Will Smith. Yeah. He's, he's gots give to everything. You know, he's a singing acting in comedy and TV and movies. He just makes me gag. He would have liked to. Anyway, he makes this funny. But Will, I'd like what? A recent VH1 special was doing this whole thing on actors or TV stars that tried to sing like non-movellta. Mmm. That Jack Wagner, whatever he's doing. Oh, remember that? Oh. The pain is, I can't believe you said that. How's Jack doing? Oh, I don't know. They trashed every single one of them that we put. Did we put Dan's movie on this pool? Eight, eight, eight, seven, eleven, and five, sixty, W to Q, I am. Don't interrupt. Guys, what women really wanted Valentine's Day's view to put a little font and creativity in your gift. This year, it's precious self and a fun and original way. And say it would they Vermont teddy bear. Just call 1-800-829-Bear. And a friendly bear, council will help you choose from over 100 beers. Handcrafted in Vermont delivered in a call if I give box with a free card and chocolate. Tell her she lights up your fire. She lights your thing with a new burden in love bear.<|tr|><|tr|><|tr|><|tr|><|tr|><|tr|><|tr|><|tr|><|tr|><|tr|><|tr|><|tr|><|tr|><|tr|><|tr|><|tr|><|tr|><|tr|><|tr|><|tr|><|tr|><|tr|><|tr|><|tr|><|tr|><|tr|><|tr|><|tr|><|tr|><|ja|><|ja|><|ja|><|ja|><|ja|>?<|tr|>?<|tr|>?<|tr|>?<|tr|>? Orce?? Y priorde? rb kay iyearf. ie de Valentine's Day, Rene Special occasion, and be sure to tell that old, sleepy, Neil, tourney to call 1-800-829-B-E-A-R. My local V-S-E-560, the radio's all yours. Oh, that's cute. Thanks. Grey upon. I'm new to yours. I'm new to yours. On the Switch, I want toThank you, Ms Jan, for subscribing for more accounts for new information You're so far to me, you're still your big guy Whatever fair of the ground I Be a side-trow eye, eye-sliding with the people And no-bye, side-sliding, eyes-sliding But I had no-mina, the people that no-bye No-mina, the people that no-bye Living with the people that no-bye And this is the moment I'm coming to the bottom of the wall I've got the Warner Dishons to watch the icon's face I've found a newistic gun I like to wear a thread I look back for silence, I look back for my desire And the footballer's kitchen won't be there anymore Like a boy who's a boy Inside the house I saw a little bit of the door I like right there, I like right there The little bit of the door The little bit of the door The little bit of the door 147 at 5.60 WQAM, aphlactinized valentine wedding and 2P He doesn't wear 2P, he's never entertained a gay thought And he's not getting worried on valentines that a girlfriend Jennifer Lopez Actor-bant, aphlactylvanity-furninivue published to yesterday Aphlactus stars with Lopez in the upcoming jigli Said the wedding will probably take place next summer probably And maybe and maybe not And added that the public fascination with their whirlwind courtship Was probably due to race and class What? What does that mean? I don't know, race and class I think it has to do with race and class The fact that I'm white and she's Puerto Rican I told her to be more Leslie Bennett That's what's underneath though, nobody says it Because it's not politically correct I hate to write the news to the event But there's white guys, mirror and Puerto Rican chicks And Puerto Rican guys, mirror and white chicks Every day nobody gives a flying crap Okay, I know that comes a great shock to you Ben But then of course Matt always kept you pretty shelter He kept him in the shelter, rock back Race also factors Aflexet and a negative publicity low pizes To multiverse private life including two divorces and a relationship With rap and presario Sean P. Diddy coms as engendered as entranced gendered Tough ditty There's kind of a language that used that that's used about her The spicy latina the temp tempestuous diva he said She's characterizes over sex I mean the woman's had five boyfriends in her whole life in a physical sense She's extremely chased Come on that that's what it says What are you talking about? There I not using any follow-up lines, okay? If she's going to be chased by you that's your you know Oh no Back to me back to me back to me. That's why I propose that he tries to force low pize after meeting one instead of Gigi on their first on screen pairing Aflex explained I'm in love. I want to have a family. She's the only person I ever met who made the entertain the thought of doing that Plus Matt couldn't have babies They 30 year old acted tonight that he low pize well wet on Valentine's day We don't have time. He said I think it'll be sometime next summer or not Aflex said he's not enhanced his now famous good looks would either were tune and play and play to rate to pay And rumors that he is gay or had a fling with pop princess Brittany Spears are not true. He said Even though of course that stuff was in the table was so those aren't true how come we're supposed to believe this crap with him And and Jalo that they want to be offered to make in that video with them kuchi kuchi You know kind of like a show or whatever or what's his name's wife is a oh Salaithalia in the family I think I have to play that again four or five times and yeah Yeah, I'm in my tolia I'm got to play that all day And that to back to back Here's a list Look at that phone. You know you people are as dead as a door now even even I'm sitting here in a coma and I'm having a better time than this town There and look what they're doing on CNN. Are is that structural frame It's just a beat goes on They're lucky as Schmidt. I'll tell you that that Michael Jackson things during the London times last night that interview They're lucky as hell they had that they beat that up all morning long. They were foaming at them on that jack carefully whatever that crumudge and right wing asshole Whatever his name is he was just squeezed himself. He was so excited about that Let's see I did receive this twice, but that's okay reader George Yani who knows Yani Yann and I he's kind of a new agey music guy new agey I don't know if they call out that anymore and Flutes and piano. Oh, it's hard to flute. He's got long here in mustache. Yeah, but it plays a flute So did Sunny Bono had long here in the must and for that matter What about that Kenny G what's the g stand for gay? Anybody that plays the clarinet do you remember the place the flute? The guys that were playing clarinets you're not creating a stereotype Ryan. Yes, uh, did you know any straight guys that played the clarinets? I didn't know any guys who played the clarinets a matter of fact a little couple and Gay Yani are we putting him on there? You're not yes or no? What the hell? What the let's make a big list here. I'll give you something to do John Tash John on test. Now why are you like so anxious to accept that just use a bit of a dirty gay? Well, that's not what the question today. Okay John Tash. I know we don't like him. We can't stand it. We find him grow test can despicable and again, not that it matters, but I think he's buried That doesn't that's not I can't understand because the question is most convinced are gay or by okay in your mind. What do you think? Okay, that's the question. It doesn't make any of us because you don't know unless you've actually ditted these people. Do you really know of course not unless you've touched it felt it's melted. You don't know just ask him for an opinion. That's why we're taking a poll on if we knew the answers You know and then somebody puts Ricky Williams on here. That's disgusting and grow test. Go ahead put it on there Great dolphins running back Ricky Williams. Why those rumors constantly and end the Carlos is not against it. Oh, yeah. How do you know you don't? You don't? He's hoping to we said. Paul Stanley, man member of kiss. Nobody even knows who that whole idea is, you know? What? Well, I do. But is that like a big I mean why why would we put those people on there? Make a big list. We're gonna put every band member on there that we're positive and forget about that. Oh Kim Bo camper. Yeah, put Kim Bo on there for laughs. Okay, just because of the name. Not from the reports. We were getting remember we were doing that thing about the businesses that went out of business and some of those hoochie koochi lounges. We're getting some wild facts about Kim Bo in those days, but we don't want to talk about those on the air. Do we? Well, not yet. Oh, and Dennis the professional Catholic. Yeah, put him on there. Dennis the professional Catholic. Okay. He's got some kind of a problem. I'll tell you that besides being a professional Catholic gay and virulent anti-Semite. Let's see the following people are so gay says this facts. So gay. Merve Griffin. Every time we put him we've done this. We did about a year ago. We do this once every year. So to see if your mind is broadened at all or narrowed. Merve Griffin put him on there. Jody Foster. Put that bitch on. I'm gonna put her on there. All right. She gets on my nerves now. You know. Dr. actor. Dr. Huckier. And I was the deas. She wanted more money with his wife. She wasn't in the other one. Okay. And you know something we didn't need her. No. I mean, I wasn't a good movie this last one. But it wasn't because she wasn't in it. You know, I thought about that. In both cases it should have been Holly Hunter who's a real southern girl who could do the real southern accent without faking it. There you go. Yeah. And then said I hit it with fake sub-enctions. Maybe a little man. I hate them fake southern accent. Like some of the colors we get in a funny draw. She does make horrible. Makes me want to stick my finger. My nose all the way and scratch my brain from the inside. He'll unlike Greg Reed is scratching from the outside and his vault spot too. Richard Chamberlain. We're not putting him on air because he's like, you know, he's as good as out now. He's out. We're not talking about old steel meat like that. You know, Dr. killed there. There you go. What are you popping in there now? John Tash. No. I still want to take a look on it. Little to fill in with John Tash. Oh, you're not going to like this fact George. Hosh style. Yeah, whatever. Well, when you get John Tash on her, we'll do it. Here's like worth. Hello. Oh, no. Yes, sir. Hey, hey, hey. Okay. Richard, I just switched to night shift, man. So I can hear you all day. I love it, man. Excellent. Good choice. I'm glad you started taking phone calls again. You're doing great. Well, not the crap was for the birds. Oh, yeah. So I'm going to be centers. You know, okay. George. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Here's the facts from Liberty City Lewis who says, I've been listener for years now. Hey, do you leave because of George? Spel with the G. He is so bad like watching paint dry. I see he's more like listening to paint dry. He's around you all the time. What is he learned something from me? He's not around me all the time. He's other than being here. Anywhere. I go out that door and I just pray that I don't seem to run again the rest of the day. No, no, no, no. The bird had in beat by a mind. Oh, it's another one of those. He's just plain terrible. So it's Liberty City Lewis. Liberty City Lewis must be one of those hundred year old tronics at the bird would leave on for five. He doesn't like you. Okay. And he leave mine a lot on their way to the right. He's all the credibility that you had by woman over. I'm pitching me out about how well is it just a cop out. I mean, you're the only one. Wasn't a green with her. And you were. You said FNA or something like that. Oh, rich practices. Dr. Holder. Oh, we got him on there already. How's it coming? Which of these people are you most convinced is gay or by? Huh? Come on. Everybody's gotten a pin in 222 votes already. So it knows that we know we got a lot of them are fake. Because George has got 70. You got 70 votes. You're building an insurmountable lead. Nice going. They can't touch me. Nobody even close to your ass. Prince 44. Tom Cruise 36. Troy 823. Jeff Gordon eight. Bob Daddy six. Mad Damon six. Steve Young four. Come on. You can do better than that. Then I flag two. J. L. Two. Jeff Garcia's got one. And I why have you got the guys from friends on there? Eric. Why you got the must be Carlos did that. And she just like done everything that you say. Asked all he raised it. Brian Andrews the new boy. Channel seven. None. No, he's not the newsboy. He isn't the newsboy. And I'm saying it on here either. We know who it is. Daniel, they Lewis don't have any. John Revolted Justin Tinkerbell. Mike Piazza Richard you went on a writer all of those so far got to big for a long way to go. You know what what you put your name on that list of the child would be you. But it doesn't fit on my mind. No, it doesn't fit on the lake in a per. But when that's because a lot of people out there dislike you now quite frankly from where I sit that's not a knock. Okay, who the hell gives a crap? I don't but they perceive it as a way to to just to just to claw. They're clawing through the radio and the fax machine and they've phone. They want to get it. You don't you don't like you. I understand just don't like you. Okay. Well, I haven't seen him yet. 10 57 at five 60 though. I guarantee that there are people out there in this audience who dislike you like crazy that I would be real. I'd be anxious to be tummy with. Huh? What do you live in a vibe? I wouldn't let that stand in a way. We'll shrimp like you. I just kick you off to the side. Anyway, it's the 25th anniversary of Brandy Shoes in Palmano Beach. It's a miracle. They've been in town almost as long as I have. Any independent family shoe store that last nearly a quarter of a century especially in this town is got to be doing a lot of things right. Like offering a fantastic unbeatable select to men's and women's famous brand shoes like rock ports. You know what's really killing me is those dance cigars. How come you letting me smoke those? Keep me blind them up too. By the way, clearance fire me right now. Rock ports echo is Mufisto Timberland Clark's essayist floor shaman lots more. Then there's the unbelievable range of sizes at Brandy's. They got them all men's sizes. Size is 1615 women's five to 12 and which from the very narrow to the very wide. If you got a big fat one and a big fat foot two, they can help you out. And don't forget their professional sales staff that knew your feet inside and out. So they give you real service all the time with over 40,000 parents stock in their 8,000 square foot mega store. You'll virtually never hear, sorry, Mr. We don't have your size in that shoe. Sorry, Mr. I missed those people. You know what the homeless crowd up there in Toronto? Sorry, Mr. Or no, that's what I say to them. How does that work? So when you need shoes get into Brandy shoes, there's always a sale of special sales promotion. Brandy is a great great place. They're unbeatable to shop for shoes. You'll find them at 12 90 North Edible Highway in Papua, Vito, over in daily 9 to 9. Sunday's 10 to 5 and all this wicked Brandy shoes take 10 bucks off on any shoes price to over $50. The offer is good on every famous brand in the store with the Xift MS A shoes. Now is that the right tag? Uh huh. Well, no, I don't think it is because somebody gave me this other one that says, Uh, oh, Thursday, per voice, like I said, but I just said it's true at Brandy's this way. I'm not gonna say it in the world. We're supposed to be in 5, 6, oh, you way, yeah. People are ice holes. Over the past few months, I noticed I was losing some hair. So I talked to my doctor and he told me about Rogan. I asked him about propicia, but he told me since I'm on the antidepressant pack sale. Procicia might not be a good idea, and patso causes some sexual dysfunction. So I take my aggra to counter antidepressant. But that causes me to feel nauseated, which is why I used this ant acid, which works well for that, but it doesn't work for long enough periods for my heartburner acid reflux. So my doctor told me about Primalseq, which keeps me awake. So he gave me zanics, which I started taking too much of, and that kind of worried, and so he weed me off that and put me on Trasito, which is not really a sleeping medication, but it works like one anyway, and it's not addictive. It also causes headaches, which is why I take my eyes. By eyes, works differently than any other antideflammatory, and lasts up to 24 hours, and that can be a huge pain when it hurts your stomach like it does mine. Not nauseous, just sharp stabbing pain. I'd recode on fix that, but boy does that make me nauseous. So now I reach for new maithlux. Maithlux is scientifically designed to stop nausea instantly. New maithlux, ask your doctor. Okay, it's level 0 to 560wQ. How can we be leaving off? I'm playing the Ricky Martin bit, and we never put him on there. Carlos, well we're really, we apologize for being, I'm a sleep, I gotta go to excuse, I'm an acoma. I'm an acoma, Derek. Okay. I'm just, I have no energy left. I just cannot continue holding these people's hands. I love going to the track once maybe twice a week, but I just can't continue this if it's like an incessant thing. I see Derek is one of those people, my friend Derek who's a good guy, but if there's a race going on anywhere north America anywhere in the world, that's that you can bet on. He'll be there, like till 2, 3, 4 and a morning, whatever. See what I'm saying? And I finally just run out of steam, I get home by midnight 12, 30. I get maybe 4 hours asleep and I come dragging my ass in here and I'm thinking, I like that. Like today, pretty sorry, a state of affairs, and plus of course he provides me with these great little cigars, which are just killing me. He's killing me with kindness, him and the rest of the fat man. I'll talk to the rest. No you won't. I'm smoking him on a way to mommy's house. In fact, I might smoke some in her house during lunch just to piss her off. And Rika Iglesias, somebody says, wow, the house wrong with that. Huh? And Rika. Got it? Good. He's up with us now because they may start chasing George real fast. I hope one of them catches him. Now to show you how it is. Here's a bad mistake on here. And you people out there get one that hears a mistake. Lance Bass, the do-eyeed fact from the back street boys. Lance Fag is with instinct, okay? Get with it. What do you would you like? It's not the same, whatever. It may be the same genre as you would say. And the back street boys, at least in the studio, they could make them sound like they can sing, which they really can't. But nevertheless instinct can one make any difference. What you do to them? If you put a gun up there, as they still couldn't sing, but they might enjoy it. Lance Bass, get his ass on there. Get his ass, Lance Bass. Scott Wolf. Now, now I'm starting to get upset. It's as Scott Wolf the Wussy from TV in the movies. He was in Party of Five, inches. You know who Scott Wolf is? He's a real pretty. Well, in that case. You know Scott Wolf? You know who that is? Well, get it on there anyway, Schmuck. You know who Party of Five? Don't you remember I read the story many, many months ago, about how he was in some movie. And they had a gazing with him, so the guy. And they had a tough, they got so emotional and worked up in a day like head time. It was like having to get two fighters apart in a boxing. It's similar to how he plays in a fight. Kevin Spacy, the actor for Ag. Well, I mean, is that in doubt? Is he getting a route? In a route this week. I don't know. Put him on or Kevin Spacy. We're sick compared to him. It says these guys are so gay my answer. It says JK from Hollywood. Well, how do you like that? Back to him. Obviously, he's not moving fast enough. What about Richard Jermel gear? Did we finally put Dick gear on there? I hope. Ah, yes, we did. I don't see it. Oh, there it is. He finally got a boat. Well, some of these are on there a little bit late. Late editions. But once you already in season on there, what about some local people here? How about Bill Kamal? The weather lady at Channel 7. What about her? Him? What are people who? Guess. Do Ilaughter now? Do I? Do I? Based on what I got based on your tales about him eating ass? That's you. I can take him. Mohara, David, I don't think he's gay. No, it's serious. That's homophobic as they come. Joe Rose? Ken Dorsey? Tom Brady, you wish. This is just a list of it. It's a ridiculous list. Let's see. Oh, Janet Reno. Yes, we are leaving out Michael Jackson because he's in the category of pedophiles, which they don't want to let him choose all of that again. Even though their Catholic church loves doing that. Janet Reno. How could we leave butch Janet out? Here's some people I believe Alex says. Missy, Mr. Meer, Elliot. Okay. What's that? Who's that? She seems kind of ducky. Who's that? She's a rap artist. Is big right now? Not bad either. Well, excuse me for not knowing what your name is. Excuse me. Oh, sorry. Missy, Mr. Meer, Elliot? Mike Myers. She had never really thought about that. Funny guy. He's Canadian, eh? Well, how can he not be that? Funny Canadians? So what do we say about that? I guess somebody will hold form horrors and Alex will ever send me to list. Sinbad. Bad haircut. I think of the son. I'm taking a what's his name. Who am I thinking of? With a really nasty. Well, whatever. The rainy beigees. Oh, come on. Don't be picking on the beigees. Now after Morris died, it's bad. Oh, cordel stored. You got to put her on there. Cordel stored. He's another one holds a press conference every week. Oh, no, no, no, I'm not. Brian or cross. The original weather fairy. There's only one. There we go. Dr. Woldesonner. Oh, rich factor. I'll get his facts. sarcastic. Bastard. That he is. Here's another vote for a rookie Martin and Cordel Stewart. Ever seen the two of them alone? Who? In the showers? John for Volta. Boca Brian. Boca Brian. Oh, my god. Rich, pack the seas. He's just taking shots. He's season the opportunity of this poll to take nasty shots. Did people? Why does he have a bug? He doesn't have a bug. Oh, I know it's from that CD. When there's something to spute over the cover on the CD or the line or something. Huh? I don't know. And Paul Harvey Jr. He's gone there. Paul Harvey Jr. There's a lot of things. He's an orange head, but he most definitely is not. Okay. Rich, pack the. Do you think we can get a show on after Bill O'Walley on Fox called the pack your factor? I think of the, I'm very hit. Kind of tilt there a political valence a little bit just a little bit back to the left. Anyway. Oh, yes. Somebody facks his me, Jim, the feedies call him here. If things get really slow, which they already have, we might read that. Jim, the feedy. Snatching the feet from the jaws of victory once again. Boy, Jim, you really, Maria, sourposed. Basically what he's saying is, well, it's really a sad sitting here in the office. Is the hero known as used to be a great newspaper. And now we suck. Well, I guess why do everybody else knows the two Jim? Maybe we'll get to that. If things get really, really, really desperate needs next couple of hours. Don't forget join QM and Marlins players. We don't, we're not mentioning which ones. They probably don't want us to say that they have any players left that we know who they are. Join them for Marlins, Caravay, nooned to do today at Hooters and Las Olas. The first 10 people to go ahead and mention they heard about the Caravay on QM. Get a $20, who just gives you to pick it. And it's a perfect opening day. They also get to rub, but me, go on ahead. To pet his mojo. 560, 5060 on the head, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marlins line. Like Marlins, you just want to know those people you don't think of in any. You see what I'm saying? In fact, I have doubts that he has a penis. Very funny guy. We like Mike Myers a lot on his show, but I really doubt that he hasn't organ. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah, tomorrow morning this is Smallville Post, and the Port Loro Del Paper. There's a one? Smallville Post, sir. Oh yeah, that's right tomorrow is a big day and tonight's Tuesday. I'm so asleep. I'm forgetting all these things. That's okay. I didn't want to mention the star that in your list. I don't think you'd want to put him in there. But you think he's gay? No, not at all. I don't either. No. There's something I want to comment on yesterday. You mentioned about the 50 cars following the mail truck. Yeah. You know, it's a color mention that. Right. It's amazing because you look like a Columbine. And how long it took for them to go inside the building. They had the whole basic militia there. And they were scared of two students. And they, you know, because they're stupid fear. But here, you know, they had 50 cars. And, you know, it just, it's ridiculous. Yeah, for one mail truck that they had already shot the taris on. Right. As opposed to Columbine. I mean, there was a science teacher that was shot. And he died because it took them so long to get in the building. I mean, you know, they had 100 officers. They could have won him with their gear. And I mean, they knew there were two students. I mean, it's a filling consistent. Yeah. They want to make a big show of force. But then they're afraid to go in. Crapied job. Let's face it. Yeah. Well, thanks, Neil. Have a great day. See you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. How could we have forgotten? And I was just trying to justify the things that they were doing that movie that we never found. The name of, I don't think. Can't or use. Right. What? The watcher, by the way. That was the name of that movie. Yeah. What the glasses. Well, for Bribbly. Yeah. Right. Ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. Ha ha. I've got a mental about Jane Spader. Oh, oh, how easy to forget. See, in other words, I got it. You didn't blame me. I got it. You didn't. How did you like that? I don't understand. You might have been smoking. You pipe smoker. That's right. If you stray. No, I think you ought to confuse. Set the code. I'll tell you that. I'll tell you that. Press Princess moving up on your ass a little bit. Which of these people are you most convinced is gay or B. You got the, who I just sent canterweaves on there? Good. Lot of speculation about him. Everybody thinks they know something. Oh, yeah. He's definitely something. Prince 57, George 83. Tom Cruise 40. Trayekman 26. You think if Trayekman came here? Playing with Ricky Williams, you know. Be a lot of talk about that. Can you imagine all the steam in that locker room? Jeff Gordon 9, puff 87, Matt Damon 6. Matt Damon, I think is gay. And I don't. Jeff Garcia 5. Get it. Steve Young 5, my P.H.S.A. 5, no, don't. Brian Andrews the newsboy. It says here 4. He's not the newsboy. He's the newsboy's boyfriend. Or, well, whatever he is. Well, it's rumored. Newsboy's friend. J.L.O. 3. Guys from friends, which you still have on earth. How can you have vote for a guy? He says he got on. He says he got on. God, just in Tinkerbell 3, Ben Offlook has got 3. What? Don't ask Richard Giropare, George Clooney's got one. And no votes yet for John Revolted, Daniel Day Lewis, or we're not a writer. You know why I left off here, speaking to John Revolted? Henry Winchler. Oh, Henry Winchler, I knew I would meet you, Luke. Okay. And what? Henry Winchler, who are you? He has a wife, you know? Oh, yeah, we really care about that. Henry's Winchler, stick it on there. Eeeey. Twelve minutes after, 11 at 5.60, W.C. Wait, what about Tom Bazley? And just a joke, Tom Bazley? He has a wife, you know? He's 100 years old. Hey, Holley's over-way to the New Year. In fact, we're already in defibyuary. As some people say, some very inartic of the people, defibyuary. Don't we hate people who say that? Or you just like them intensely. Anyway, the deal is you had a lot of New Year's resolutions. Every year, fat people say this is the end. We're going to lose the weight. And most often they don't. And you want to know why? Because they try all kinds of cracked diets and gimmicks that don't work for them. Balance for life is not quackery. It's a proven. It really works like our own friend, the beast. The beast started 284. He's going to hop on a scale here Friday. He was down to 236. He'll be down around 230. Over 50 pounds. And he has taken it a long time because he was off the wagon and back on. But the bottom line is every time he does it. He's losing that weight. And you can do the same. Balance for life combines an ounce of the zone diet with special emphasis on the glycemic values of carbohydrates which controls your sugar levels. And delivers right here door to three delicious gourmet meals. And two delicious snacks in that little black sack. That's the key to your whole life is your little black sack which I have early in Bright every day. And then there's plenty of food to keep you full all day long. You get to choose between two choices for each meal every day that's run a program. And you'll smile as your full unsatisfied every day. And the way comes pouring off your fat grotesque body. So get healthier. Look better too. Cal Balance for life. And soon you can look almost as lovely as the beast. Hopefully with a smaller head. Call 9-5-4-5-6-832-29. Or visit their website at balanceforlife.com. And tell us where I balanced for life by the way. Neal Donito, Flaunder-OK-Jackay. I'm on and move on. This is for 20-5-6-9. You weigh him. You're... You're... Yaaaaaah. Alright. Welcome! Come on. Let's rest a while. And see you in the evening. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. I'm doing a round, a second rule is done Doing something weird The trouble didn't get in the body itself You should have left the habit your old wish My fiance gave a richer ear And wrote into me Please say, away from my victim again When you love life you still be as lowly to suffer Just head down to the pet shop for another and another Come on and do the richer ear Rich I give you a Rich I give you a Rich I give you a Rich I give you a Every one thousand there in control of us all Every one thousand I'm married Can't you have a say It's 117th is hell I've 60 W to QM any Murphy wasn't put on list Carlos You better get with it Who's he talking to now is booky? Eric Eric he's in Eric are speaking Let's hear it Eric and Carlos are on speaking terms this week That's good maybe I'll wake up now I doubt it It's not even just so much selectively but he's little stovies man They're killer Because you change smoke these smoke like so cigarettes Take good but they're rough on you Yeah Thanks Derek Hey let's give him equal time after I beat up fat rich on ear last week And I'm like rich happy Derek deserves it He's like sick of whamales in the fat man He's like uh blah blah Trying to manipulate people just relax There he's back a little bit okay And by the way there's one more Race of the Northfield and Cleveland Man a wild man Fuffa puffa puffa puffy You know just relax Any Murphy is gotta be on your Carlos How about very manlow? Yes Very manlow God She's got a nose like a banana Mayor Alex Pingu Piccini Remember when everybody was talking about that? I mean anybody walks around with one man he had on his shoulder Mayor Alex Pingu Piccini Let's make sure we get the mayor on there Elmay Hore I mean Elmay Hore He sure ain't Elmay Hore I'll tell you that Though Anyway here's Sean and Hollywood of one of our very chronic factors Oh look at that Here's gay Paul Harvey Jr I heard that in the background I'm gay How come you're not listening to Tony Bruno? Tony Bruno my ass Oh really something you want to tell us? No Who said I gay? Rich packed a your close personal friend put you on a list He said you're a fan You know Rich you need to let go 20 years ago I moved away from an in the steam room And he still pissed off Oh by the way little Jerry now has gone to typing instead of like right And while do I get little Jerry go back to the squiggly type right in I like the better go ahead Anyway I try to get through the other day but you're lying Yeah yeah yeah right When you were talking about Ozo machine I'm sorry Ozo made an air purer Do you know how long ago that was? Well you know what that was the last time I tried to get through that It was last time you listened okay No no no no I didn't listen Yeah Once we stop with the big hamsters go ahead Don't be defensive just go ahead We're not going to get y'all a bit out of shape Just because you've listened to Tony Bruno every day You know I know you think I'm not with the characters You know I haven't been healthy for a long time Yeah Well I just want the characters to do that to you Well anyway Anyway if I take it off characters to turn their face orange Obviously isn't going to be an best to health after we're going ahead You're done Yeah We tried to warn you Go ahead It's nothing hurt your character to the characters No that's why you've been sick ever since But go ahead No no no no no anyway I have main line Ozo Baby ball full of ozone I've taken fast with ozone Ozo native water I've shot with ozone native water I've done rectal ozone inflation Reckham You're going to you've done rectal one ozone one Instiflation Directal zone Reckless What what is that rectal ozone insulation You've never heard of that come on No You're ozone you know what ozone is It's one extra molecule of oxygen And so what does that have to do with second oxygen your ass The fastest way to absorb something without sticking a needle in your vein You're shutting it up your ass Oh I think that 90's front rich packed your head a point You must have known something Wow I can't hear that Anyway you run pure oxygen through those on tube Into your ass Yeah You're exactly Wow, they're two got a lot In fact you don't want to do that to when they have a cold mask They blow it out They do it and you wake up and you're like They do it They don't clean your head They got your structure shoved way over to the side of the room So nobody is down from it You know at least what I bought the jelly off Yeah Have a good night Made my case better than I ever could have His endorsement I'll pretend I never heard anything he said Oh and they never even really finished that So he was trying to say his ozone's good for you Right I read all kinds of stuff on the internet that it's Kim was poisonous and even even on those things I got those filters Right It says on there that it's got to be in large enough rooms So they have an overly high concentration Because you're exposed to two greater concentration It's real bad for you And it's an extra atom of oxygen Not an extra molecule Mr. Science Mr. Hotshot And it's the direct top that causes it to react With every other No wonder rich packed your head And you're like poison By the way, where's our Phil Spectrum music? Where's Baldi? Anyway, oh he's probably in there with Muffer right now You know that we got to deal now Every time Boca Bryant comes into building Oh, Dough has to frisk him the audition session No no he has to frisk him every time he comes into building I labor of love I am Yes I mean I love you Brian Oh, oh, oh I get goosebumps just thinking about that Anyway, and I see the most obvious ones we don't want to shine As Michael Jackson's a pedophile Or he don't fit on list richards Simmons It's not worth it. It's like saying Charles Nelson Riley He misses the people calling off the air Which doesn't work in the air Are they shouting names? Yeah, shout some names Okay, it'll make George upset Christopher Lowell Oh No Gee What a shocker Gee Gordon Lee Richards Simmons went up and on her Shepherd Smith I think so Shepherd Smith I think he's I mean I think he's certainly a candidate Trent Lot Okay, he was a cheerleader Hillary Clinton Who the ice princess Now you get a little warmer Sean put some of those on their Carlos Rills I keep saying put him on him, but then they don't show up Let's see buy and proven jaw rule Well if it's proven and what is it See that's done never I don't understand the pull don't you get it don't you get it don't you get it don't you get it They don't get it you're gonna get it if you don't cut the crap What is wrong with the public out there we we say it so clearly and so articulately And so specifically they hear what they want we give them a specificity Michael came Michael came isn't gay Is he is just a Brit He's just a silly Brit I mean if we didn't get into that so it ain't going down the list Yeah, Bob I'll British guys I mean well, what is that? That's why I saying that Peter Finch was gay because he was in that great movie Sunday bloody Sunday Did you see that movie? Now You don't know from Peter Finch he's still dead by the way great actor too many cropped Nick Jagger yeah, we all know about that we know about it. We know we know we know and this is it now here's a good one Because this is one who's got a wife You know wife and I've always said I mean this guy is is so he's a stereotypical that doesn't mean he is but Paul Schafer I mean come on there. He oh my god he makes Mr. Peeper look like hercules Huh I was wondering as well. I mean we could put Marlon Brand one there But he's already a fest up to like doing everything except telephone pulls me's working on that Oh Jeff Goldblum it says Tracy says I always wondered about him who's married to Jean Adavis And if you saw him on late night with Craig Kilburn I was not a watch late night with Craig Kilburn Tracy get up to really you'd wonder to he was playing and flirting with Craig to no end Jeff Goldblum I don't like him. Do you like him? Something about the way he looks he was in and movie the fly and I was so happy when it turned into one Maybe he's got a thing for the fly Okay Jeff Goldblum we got him on our paul shave or definitely old ballty he looks a little like both her brownware glasses In fact Focus late night job Okay, let's see how this is shaken out if we can say that By the way Jerry go back to the squiggly handwriting like I said so much more entertaining than when you try to type it or you know disguise your handwriting Uh, which of these people are you most convinced is gay or buy just fun. We're just fun in it. Okay Uh, look at all I want to do and I have any votes yet 293 votes quite a few quite a few people George Rodriguez 88 still way out in front and running real fast for what I'm hearing Prince 58 Tom Cruise 46 Troy 8men 29 Jeff Garfield got 10 I mean maybe Jeff Garcia is just I don't know He's just if you could see it speak. Maybe he's just not a human origin. He's very strange very strange dude Jeff Garcia number five Jeff Gordon has got nine Mike P. Osis seven right Andrew seven. Oh, we finally took that silly crap over there about how's the paper boy doing Pop that he's seven Steve young six mad Damon six just and think about us got six jl four Richard your three Ben off I have luck. It's got three When older riders finally making her mark. She's got one two got a vote. She probably stole it George cloney's got one Dennis the chronic Catholic color of one very man. Hello one and everybody's got zero including Kenny G Audji yeah But there's quite a list out there and of course this is gonna surprise Katie Kirk a couple years ago made that comment when there was some key issue going on and she said oh well, you know You've got to understand there's like there's literally thousands of them around They're like a legitimate minority. There's like a whole bunch of them around like maybe 50 or 100 of these people She said that a nationwide TV This little bitch was making millions of dollars for being a silly twit Katie Kirk. I heard somebody say period this morning Somebody said period on there P you are and by the way Alan Cohen quit fucking me with the trivia. Okay. He asked me last night how you spell paragative and of course I said P er and because that's how people pronounce it see if you don't pronounce it right it's really prerogative with a PR Okay, but if you pronounce it paragative we're gonna spread you it's like a trap Alan. Okay, just stick to running around and sit in those people in tables Especially ones you keep sitting opposite us now bug me who talks so loud That's the other reason I'm getting terrible into the track There were those two bras there last night. I thought I was gonna lose my mind then the old lady came over with smoking behind us Standard like we were like a human smoke stack Bitch Pass 11 and 560 WQM guys size makes a big difference and according to the Florida Department of Labor Computer Professionals have really big ones You know I'm gonna tell you something most cigars will kill you they really will See you on a take some home. Yeah, please Of course when we say they've got big ones. We're talking about their paycheck We have an examined under their fly according to the state of Florida computer careers are among the highest paid and in highest demand Fast to train can help you achieve you know high-pain computer career in just four short months Fast trains got locations in Kendall Miami Fort Lauderdale and Pembroke Pines would they evening weekend schedules There's absolutely no excuse for any you guys to stay in the dead end job working for some real jackass Okay, get out of that deal call fast train and get yourself on the road to some really meaningful books call toll free one 866 fast train. That's one 866 fast train. They've got full-time job placement and got a deep financing too Check them out on the web if you like it fast train calm now you took it have a big fat impressive one Paycheck that is called one 866 and hop on the fast train Will I was hanging around the house I had one hand on my mouth and my other hand was busy in my pants If you say that I was born I'm in to keep me poor with my friends I'll make you do the making dance I won't drop the soul with I go to prison Jerry Paul says I had a good reason when online to prepare my book That is where I went astray a pedophile online at play But now I am here to say I won't touch my tool again On the 3356 WCM don't forget to like you and the mall and players from Marlon's caravan coming up in less than a half hour new to two day at Hooters and Los Olas First 10 people to go ahead and mention they heard about the caravan on QM get a twenty dollar Hooters give to take it a pair of tickets to opening day I guess Miguel's not gonna be there is he I don't know what we just saw him a little while ago how to make it there by noon We don't want to be building Miguel is gonna be there because they're guaranteed a lot of our audience and much rather see him in the Marlon's But who knows Tony Harding somebody says, Dike question mark We saw that video that that proves anything Yeah with Jeff Galouli Yeah And a fine actress if it wasn't done Okay, I'll put it on there Bill Hammer on CNN and he have heard that before it can Does not have a wife 35 doesn't have a wife What do you say about a guy's 35 and never had a wife Spart Carl's is a pleasure good idea and I still we we were very we had my UA enormously for your intelligent method of living Let's see here's Brian a fact. I mean one of our chronic and DC and ever a pretty big gift car See it could be a team play never occurred to me. You are you deaf dumb or blind Brian But I checked out this website a Jeff Garcia fans. I come turn me on to the possibility looks like a very sweet boy gets my votes is Brian Okay, thanks Brian. I don't know what what he is but he is one thing strange very strange the ZAR even Facts is just pouring in a tension. He'll keep up the good work. What I must be something with this when you think Our senior hall somebody says Maybe that's why you sit very close to the edge of the sofa. Maybe he was like guarding his back though I don't know maybe he was like you're a little sore about it Oh somebody already says this so we shall not thank you. I already got it 567.0560 pound 560. I'm re-reading this article by Jim the feedy at the in the hero today It's so pathetic. I don't even want to read it on the air I don't want to read one sentence from it on here. Although no no seriously just the hero is in the midst of a talked about him Review called new century project and while the man me heard me I love this. I will read this paragraph I might the hero may not be as great as it was in the past. It remains one of the best newspapers in the country Because of the herkilly never be made by the men and women who work here. You are so full of crap Jim. I mean this is okay for a lot of the very Perocule people never give more than two bucks from home who never leave date county or they're like locked in Shut ins things like that fat shut ins But the idea that One of the great news papers in the country. I mean you you must be doing Asid they must be doing battery acid over there from the right to scrap a apologizing And we're not getting this done. I mean now as they did this big investigative thing about the airport Remember that about my international right we're all applauding them and then that's it nothing changed He writes this article is this somehow the hero is magically gonna these are the same people who helped the voice to metro rail on Dave County the billion dollar boom dog Every time the public's got a chance to make an intelligent choice and they counted the heroes always said the opposite no matter what fellow was But ninety ninety five times out of a hundred over the years all but it was once a great news paper when what when was that Jim when how was that what century was that God Do we have that the feel specter stuff here to what not yet? Is he still a frisk him down in there that's a long time frisk going on in your man You got to be extra careful. He's even checking in the black dome body cavity search time George has got ninety three votes in Prince 60 aren't you proud to be like that forehead? I know it'd be no contest Tom Cruise 51 Troy equipment 30 Jeff Garcia and puff daddy would then Jeff Gordon with nine little Brian Andrews has got nine But see I thought we were our former colleague Brian. He's never we weren't what? You thought we weren't what I we're not we're Somebody mentioned that we put it on the list where I'm making a statement where he is or he's not we know this all that we do know something But I mean what is that we're not doing anything? Okay, are we maybe you're going to be because you have this habit of slipping crap out never have Here's Miami hello Hello, yes, sir You show me a few questions Oh New too. Yeah, how about old Julio's can they fart? How about those old has beans? 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line Oh older than the fuselage grandma Here's Miami Beach, I'll Meow, okay chronic hey, you forgot Reverend Jones man I beg your pardon Reverend Jones. Yeah 560 pound 560 on the AT and T and Verizon line tell Boca Brian to hurry up and get his ass anywhere that it feels spectamuse a great plate new to one because the way these calls are going Here's a call from Davy hello, hello, yes, sir What the piano leaves be acceptable on you we already put him on there. Oh did you like your name? We don't know how acceptable not put his on there. He's on it. Oh good. Okay. Thank you. Okay, and we'll see if he's interested 560 pound 560 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line pastor and I didn't death of wife Concord this is in North Carolina, George a Concord pastor was in that in Monday on a charge of first degree murder exactly one week after his wife was found. Died Aaron S. D's attorney said yesterday He was looking into how the pastor's cancer medications may have played in the killing of his wife S. D's 43 of pastor at first four square church in Concord was arrested January 28th after the body of his wife Naomi 44 was found in her car that A. B. for he is in Carbus County jail on a $1 bond where his car was county in Out though in North Carolina, I do believe yes, it is According to family members in his lawyer S. D. surface from late stage Don Hodgkin's them phoma a tad bit cancer that can be terminal J. Jim Grunk was this is the boy said he's investigating whether and how his cancer medications may have affected him That sounds like good excuse. Yeah sure. I'll buy I'm taking like a Echo trend coded aspirin every day. So feel specter shot Lena Clarkson who you wouldn't know One of my favorite B movie Bimbos now. Oh B movie not a name as one of her breasts not a porn star I was gonna redo that pulled a label your favorite porn star that we did quite some time ago, but I thought Nowadays who knows the name is most of these people and look at Carlos like that And like something smell like a Georgia's heart in real bad what from way back when when it used to be Oh my god, but for that hoodie or a call Georgia's must have farted real bad So I guess that lens of credibility that pull result now who is she? Who? Funny till know where we were just saying that we got off of this Blackhirt George horn stars I Said I was gonna do that and then he could be that look with a like something smell real bad like you've had some really nasty fromage and I was the end of that Real nasty can look what Zach leaves in her every morning No seriously, but there must be a reason he's got a Siri why is that a lot of pressure? Oh, man stress and believe me. He's letting it out One good thing don't hold it and they say that you have a heart attack field in just let it out Zach Have a big Mac which is worse? We're gonna do that pulled them all big Mac attack or a Zac attack 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T line Here's sunrise hello sunrise Yeah, don't fron see school don't fron see school who's that is that the guy on the big update? Okay, oh, you got it. We just got you. Thank you. Oh, I'll book a ride just handed me something now. Give it back to Duff I don't want it. Are we putting him over there? Are we putting who on there? Duff Francisco Yeah, why don't I mean what he hears you know he's Jewish. Yes Mark Dave Johnson right just like it. Guess what we got now. Oh, Boca Brian just shouted what up Who's that? Are he fly sure? Are he fly sure you think he's one of those? Put him on there and be of all of us left wingers a chance to vent It's a little preview there 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T line at 19 till noon a QM. We got the mad dog a one The humper will be along The humper will be three to seven and we got the hook would hotline the big O at a K if we can straighten that time out and Joe Mark overnight life from the cheat lounge What are we gonna be doing over there? Are the usual boob show? All you really desperate horny guys have your hand on it in the dial two to the six in the morning with Joe and Mark in the dark We ever presented with opportunity when you should have put a wood or a done something but didn't do it You couldn't pull the trigger so to speak well. There's an incredible fanny main mortgage rate out there at 3.45 This rates available by calling financial group toll free at 1 800 940 53 63 if you had to compare a some Percent rate with 3.45 percent it saved yourself 3500 bucks in the first year alone for each hundred thousand dollars that Joe 100 thousand cost you only 447 bucks a month Here's an opportunity that won last it's a 40 year low So if you think about refinancing or purchasing a home call financial group 1 800 940 53 63 the process is easy and it calls is absolutely free 1 800 940 LND financial group has been an equal housing letter to thousands of borrowers with the fanny main program Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change if you wait too long 5.34 APR Call financial group problem tails today 1 800 940 LND Met a girl who hated my guts I wrote a song when she told me nuts put in a spell what a two Radio said it's too blue there are words they just can't play Those are words you'd better not see now each time my song is here Those words I no longer this leave me You think leave me Sussex I got too hot and they took out all the upwards There were none just leave them away Now my song is rated PG Who's there a move of probability L champ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I don't, I'm gonna have a little So, I'll take you with me I'll make you so proud of you We'll make the stars there today And we'll be rich, we'll go home We'll be happy, we'll be happy Baby, I'm all alone, we'll be safe And I'll be happy now I'll make you happy, baby Just wait and see Forever, forever, you can be no more I'll be your prey I'll take you with me, I'll show you I'll have a fading voice You know I'll play for you For you, you'll be in charge of me No one will see me I'll have a fading voice Baby, I'm all alone, we'll be safe And I'll be your prey I'll be your prey I'll be your prey Okay, that's enough of that one But we don't want to hear the whole thing When you give me a look like that for We'll just cut off cart by the abrupt end there Well, because sometimes things haven't abrupt end You're gonna have it abrupt and pretty soon if you don't watch it, Mr We can get mull on your ass again, speaking of this poll Now this good stuff on here, look at all of this We don't want to like dwell just on B. My Baby, which was their biggest hit But I'll feel specular, he didn't die, but he made somebody else accorded it Laged What's all this your name again? Lenticlark Lentalang, Atlanta, Clarkson, 40 Find a body in the homeless front for your 4-8 Officers didn't really say it from above, they did confirm they found a gun Is that it? Yeah, she did And you're thinking he's done it, he's done it, he's done it I'm feeling his oven's gone right now He's out But for your died, I'm walking above I'm walking up from the alley out He's my water today No You don't want to lie to me, so I'm not sick of you Many density healthy nights Has anyone? You didn't bring me any righteous brothers, did you lost that oven in the feeling? You didn't bring it? Good I feel much better I think I'm starting to wake up now for my little cigar or a funk that I was in Oh, seriously, these things will kill you This was a good experience, this was a learning experience for me Because I spoke about two or three of these in a car on a way to work your chain smoke I'm like, a faggot, it's like cigarettes Right, they rip your lungs out And they rip your lungs out and they make you like real Like you in a cloud You know what I mean? Right, but they come in a party box They come in a party box, they smell real pretty too Ooh man, smells like cherries Sometimes Yeah, well, it all depends on what it is Oh, now let's see, the teddy bear is really did the hit on his song But right, teddy bear is still on him, is still on him Yes, what are you looking at me? They had the hit, that was him he says The teddy bear, this is still Oh, this is the teddy bear Oh, I see what you're doing, that's not the one it You know, if you were a mine like Maddie fell a little mine I'm pretty mine, yeah, a tiny mine, maybe I could read your lips But you're not very good at it, okay? You're probably the one that doesn't feel so This is feel singing This is feel spectacin, okay? That got right in the second When you sing he back up? Yes, really What are you nodding your head? What don't you know about feel spectacin You would know feel spectacin from all Inspector, from Bush Inspector Okay, he's nodding his head Yeah, that's right, he's singing the background Little punk But that was the teddy bear, see, are you scared me with a sonny? Because I thought these were all the one it's This was the one it Did not make it to the drum? I think I like to have a sitting hand since I mean he always let a beat, beatle, whatever he used then, someone had his finger right Come here to spin around the trigger too I like it, just don't need a legs by the way You thought I'm good Underrated song, pretty good song Sorry This is pretty good too I'm not really sure if this is the song I'm thinking of Oh yes, this was great And I'll have to go, like, spastic This is beautiful See? I like it I like it Hey, Jerry, but wait for our back spin How could it be you still hope Wait, what about Wayne Newton for the list? Get with the Carlos, Wayne Newton See, he's eating, we're playing See, they got Jim neighbors on here, but that's like saying Charles Nelson Riley, what's the point? Flexing, and Richie's similar And the wife, we're here with each one And we're right there in our mind Our heart can't wait until the day When you kiss me up and back to the bed We're here, I know, around the soul's face We're here, I know Can't complain about the fidelity of those songs Because there isn't any, but that's the way they were originally It was just low-fi, you know? Not stereo, not high-fi, just kind of like low-fi You both been on the air by the way last 20 or 30 seconds It's, huh? But you got the bulk of Brian and Muffshow going on in the back So how you go? Don't look at me, just get out of there, check that thing off You please, gotta remember what kind of crap they're going to say next And then I'll be responsible for it Let's see Jimmy Syphilis, those stories have been going around Jimmy Syphilis put him on there, okay? We like Jimmy Syphilis, good guy And Tom Sella, how come he is none of the list, Carlos? What's wrong with you? I thought it was, oh! Yeah, see, guys, punishing you for your in temperate way Really? Yeah, Tom Sella King, on her is it with lunch and it should be a... Well, just because somebody was mentioned, we gotta check this over In fact, I bet you, any Murphy's not on here yet There he is, got two votes, told you I don't see Tom Sella gone here at all, do you? Tom Sella can say, 600 press conferences by the way And this very clearly is just people have opinions, they think They think they know something And we've talked to a lot of them, quite frankly, if you heard their calls Most of them don't know anything I was McGill in the building, so that would indicate he's not a threat thing or not We don't know He couldn't possibly be between 1115, make it all the way up there To who does our lasolas, our muslims in the building No, he moves pretty quick, haven't you noticed? Every time I get out of this chair, but he flies down the hall Four minutes till noon at 5.60 WDQ, one of the years Come and gone, it's the new year, we're well into it in the second month already And if you want to live up to your new year's resolutions Of getting the house back in the shape, then one of the things you can do is call my good Pizons, it dry concepts because their trick is to make something look brand new Without spending all the money to replace it like you're carpeting Brand new carpeting wall, the wall cost you a fortune and arm in four legs But you can do the dry concepts, dry cleaning method, it will cost you a very reasonable price Which they give you a written guarantee up front and you'll be just shocked asstonish If you never used to me for at how sparkling brand new your carpets will look no matter how hopeless The situation looks and smells and feels right now when they get done dry cleaning your carpets Everybody you know will think you had brand new will lead right on your floor And of course dry concept technicians know their craft there's school to certified by the Institute of Inspection Plating and Restoration, believe your carpet soil free, vibrant and colour and softer to the touch So don't forget when it's time to clean your carpets, if you're a little bit of furniture It's time for the experts at dry concepts And if you got problems if you got tourists with pet orders, you'll do orders caused by water damage Dry concepts will make those go away like magic too You're what yourself to try these people once and you'll be doing like me for over 20 years in a row I've been using them, you'll do the same Call them toll free from anywhere 1-800-248-5071 2-48-5071 and log on to their website If you like a dry concepts dot com, dry concepts clean today and are tainted night Not just a slogan, it's their business at dry concepts My life and law, this is 4-2560 2-18-21 Stay Goldstein, but you can go on your tellsy Whenever I'm in town, I listen to way to minute I am in town It's the 12th of one hour That's Blonded by the ride Fampons of the goofy bags that takes people around Blonded by the ride I felt like a douchebag was a huge reward I know you may not understand what I did or do I am Most of you don't read any books So let me introduce myself, I was a well-respected hard-right man And trusted by high-label shirts I used to have a powerful Republican position High upon a poor grown ground The holy questions were insistent that I've just read it Clinton With any means that could be found Shit, same I haven't heard this break down For a couple of clouds it by the ride Pampons of the goofy bags that take people away Riding by the ride I felt like a douchebag was a huge reward I had a mission to the parties from my moralistic Christians And throwing their teeth in on the road Why down a wrecked farm to sister and cults They're raising the stars Isn't power balls a child My job was to offer news to the right wing The point of view, people might be busy too sway And other hatred that has been about minorities And thank your Jews, make me one of you two days What's next, did they? I couldn't even say I was gay I saw a blinded by the ride Van Pousel by douchebags The face people were right Riding by the ride There was an hope that she was naked on all falls With two guys aching her To be a star By the way, that's glad he talked about an angry one And why? Why? He forgot to mention she was on crossfire a couple of nights ago Like toward the end of the last week She worried It didn't make any difference She looked like an afghan and he She is the nested And she hasn't got any idea what she's talking about at all And guess who made a total jackass on her Jerry Springer Who's taking her running for Senate? Jerry from Ohio Hey, I got news for her He ran circles around her She had no idea what she was talking about He was a stupid man No, he's a stupid show But he talked about that about how he's shlock He's pure shlock and this is what the public wants He's made millions And because he understands what the public wants But he's not a stupid at all He's pretty bright Got my vote And she was talking about all this crap about I forget what the 70-meter was But she was sure her timing was so far off She was talking about all about the poison gas And it's not that he's talking about how a burden dealing with a rack in 1998 And pointing out there that this was back in the 80s She's talking about Ah, but I mean, debating her will be like debating my little dog You know who can't speak Well, that would be an improvement of what she had to say And colder Here were one of the lunatic fringe far right Lunatic Miniac Simpleden Bird brain Anyway continuing with our list Here's what it says I've been a listener for over 10 years Now big fan thinking guys of a lot of talent But you're right, listener I'd sure listening to you guys every day And listen to those people that don't like George He is truly a talent while you were doing pretty good Love your show, start to see sand as Oslo and Skow Go Panthers Thank you Thank you very much Don't do that hockey talk to okay Because that's always the end of the show This town they get a big foam of them out When they hear that stuff They've Damian Channel 10 Weather We know Dave Damian, I don't watch Channel 10 News None of the Dave sounds kind of gay Some of the words anybody's got a name that sounds gay Belongs on the list The long-sunderlers Dave Damian Got them on there DAMA and they brought here So such a flamer that when he walks in and room the sprinklers come on Ha ha ha ha ha ha That's what it says That doesn't prove anything But they know these are just people of fun and with you Okay, and maybe not Peaway Herman See there's no point as again like putting Charles Nelson Riley on or Richie Simmons What's the point? Here's a long list Look at this From town in the Yorkers of Sys with us obviously Maybe he's in Far Island He's on it John for Older We got Canterweaves We got Tom Cruise We got Kevin Spacey Tom Selle Mike Piaz we got all these Toby McGuire Okay, how about Jerry McGuire Okay, what? Toby McGuire He's uh Okay You like your wood That's what I heard Leo the Caprio How could we elect her off of there huh? Leo the Caprio George, clearly we got Ben Asflek It says here Ha ha ha ha ha Ben Asflek's Matt Damon You know something like side by each Those two always joined it to hit those two very very Everybody Proof Daddy Tom's Oh Robby Alamar near pets Messing basement Oh lot of talk about Robby You know Remember when he spit in uh was it the Herschpect the unparadise spittin' his face? Was that him? That was him He went like that And I think the rumor was that he made some kind of a sexual Comment toward Robby I'll say the co-fax I never heard that Said you I think he's picking on him because he's Doer's Show okay Oh Cause he would you pitch on your own kipper Boy yours I thought remember that and I forget that thing From last year who was a great co-text was that the One was a damdle of Bansford I want to make sure I get it right one of those two Jackasses And the hero Pickin' on Jfeetler cause he wouldn't play on No not Jfeetler Who was it that they were picking on So oh wow what's his name? Green What else is name the I've hardly used to play Not Harvey Green I used to play for the blue jays that place to the Dodgers Green Green what else is the come on when you please Mo Green Yeah Don't come to this town and talk to a man like Mo Green like that okay But I think But I boom but I'm being Mo Green And what the hell is that? Can't believe I can see him Sean Green Did that it? I don't know I don't care about baseball anymore I hate to say it boys and girls But I mean who gives a crap you know But anyway they wrote this in tempered comment Because he didn't want to play on your own kipper Or he wasn't whatever the hell to be a was And you know it's typical of a kind of swivel at your read I didn't notice anybody in this town I mean there was some comments made on this station that were appropriate But I didn't notice a whole big cimis about it If I can say that Can I say cimis? No No I don't even like cimis Especially a carrot cimis Oh ff Ff Off all stuff you ever had that? No Good, see it, you'd hate it Did you look good? You see it? We need some kishki in here Boy I would never get my ear to it That would get my ear to mulled by all some kishki with gravy There's no place left Let's reopen the Carnegie Dellie for a couple of days Let's reopen the Villa Dellie All right Those were the days at IOD I'll tell you one thing And it's probably just as well I waive 50 ponds more But I thought I'm here that often anyway The cuisine we used to have at IOD was certainly much more than the limited fair that we get here I mean we're pretty Not that we're not Cantonese and ponytail And you know the other fine people are good friend Irova there who has to work with Scott at IOD So we're not knocking him But it's a very limited menu here As opposed to the IOD days Those were the salad days No pun intended Yeah Remember that salad from the oligarden It was real Italian It was like rotten It was the lettuce was brown Going in Going in and coming out It was brown I'm here to get brisk it A tasska to tiska We used to get brisk it Hey corkies would be good Right those tomatoes get on the roll Oh don't do it Don't die Why that's not bad for it That's acnesus Huh? It's on the acnesus Little brisk it's a little bit It's a little bit of the other day Little potato pancakes Who's going to work on that for us? What do you laugh in a bag? Just because you're not going to be here You don't need any free food Look at all the weight you lost And now you got that chicken neck You don't look at day over 80 now I tell you one thing I look a lot younger than he is And I'm not You know the last time Don't I? Yeah What? You don't have a chicken neck like him Nighty as a little bottle I'm a little bit of a bottle But the water? Yeah Like a chicken You keep it in the way I walk again That's not a bottle Let's just the fact So the last time we talked about corkies That's all we had to do And they just showed up Oh god we love you corkies Tomorrow for lunchtime So good because I got mommy's today And the brisket We passed that brisket around Everybody is building So we never have meat like that Has to throw like a doobie Oh it's just melted in your mouth Didn't it? It did Oh that will Dangerous that meat was so good Unpombed Johnson by the way The new corkies and pepper pun Like the green dixie Right Be sure and let them know We're expecting to get fat lunch here tomorrow Because we got such limited cuisine In this area Brister We're not in it like Why? Why is it a cuisine from this area You know like the jerk chicken and jerk pork And jerk jerk you know stuff like that You know You know You see how Hahaha Anyway I guess I can throw this out Ok sir I'll write your shydo one more time What Let me go for it Love me Miguel You know maybe sure Be a little more friendly in the future I doubt it though Join QAmen Marlins players for tomorrow And scare van Now till 2 it's going on right now Who does that? Los Alas Boulevard I can't believe he got up there that fast Sorry that's far though I brought up the shihawi First 10 people are going to mention they heard about the caravan here on QMG A $20 hudders give to a ticket A pair of tickets to opening day at the Marlins What's there is do we care about the Marlins No but nevertheless do it anyway Quick shaking your head Don't know Sean Green from God damn Al Green Al Green Hey how's he doing? Let's get together Rale Ten minutes after noon I'm going to play the run It's a little rest of the hour I'm so blown away by hearing some of those songs Have been hearing it all So is that a Clarkson Yeah she's blown away Don't be blamed until specter again okay I've got to play bush inspector in honor of that Alright And then we got also a Mohour David It's a rape by Rick and Suds coming up Mohour Huh? That's coming up on the next day when we come right back after the break Mohour David had gotten raped by a Rick and Suds Because you know what he says Gang rape is funny Yeah when he's not receiving it We find it most amusing When it's only like a bit When it's only stick you see what I'm saying It's only stick As in 11 after noon a QM If you're not getting a good night sleep Probably one of the reasons being We said you worried about getting canned or something like that George is the fact that your mattress is lumpy and worn out They don't last forever Even the best mattresses in the world have a They have a limited life okay like everything else So if you want to get you a great new name brand mattress Call our good buddies at dollar mattress I've been using it for a long time now for several years And look at I get better night sleep if I got home on time But nevertheless when I do put my ass on it bed I get a great night sleep and you can too They carry ceiling and cert a Simmons King coil Every size and style under the sun And you got 30 days to try out that new mattress The right way by sleep and I'm doing your thing on it Getting laid on it whatever it is you want to do On there doing your blow up doll and have it a great time And after 30 days I mean you can exchange it any time during that period of time If you want to see it before you buy Check out mattress.com on the internet They got pictures of mattresses that the expert been in consultant suggest So whether it's the brand name that you want Whether it's the selection that delivery all these things You can't beat and the everyday low prices too Don't forget you can't beat dollar mattress Instead of running around time to bedding in apartments To us make that one easy call they'll be there not gonna New door when it's convenient for you and any to our window you pick Here's the number 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TT RES for dollar mattress The answer to a perfect night sleep tonight and for years to come My little girl this is five 60 Bring your doors Oh Oh Oh and welcome back to the super flight flu is kind of linked with sub the Moha with a day minute open where we got the three quarters of power rotation for your perusy Hey Mo What the sped and I'd be about hokey We got special guests today No one's allowed in here to stay bring food for their king Good good good good To wait, I got ready for them Oh, yeah Who the hell are these muzzamutes That's the rich insides You know, try going with us today Sorry I never heard of you Well, I wonder why Well, what do you do you got it at? Yeah Exactly Like what? We spend the wheel Wherever the wheel stops We grab meat off of it We slam it and you name it What's funny about that Well, you got a point there Why can't you get this me a question? You ready to put your into toilet bowl? No You do that's funny, man All I got to do for you pal You both stink I'm a precipice I'm getting fired at it right now Well, bummer Get out of my place of business No I don't know, I'm something I give you one more chance to show me what you got I hope this isn't really funny Because I got a really full bladder All right These are the things that probably adults would know They're like old saying's And I want you to fill in the blank You know how to do that Yeah, here we go The bigger they are The harder they get Get to the Yeah Yeah Yeah What are you doing? Did I get clearance clearance to give you clearance to the left? How dare you laughing me? I suppose you want to rape me now Yeah Yeah, start looking That would be wild Yeah All right All right I don't even care Hey Can't be home My green beans Okay Are you looking at Preplaced Fanny And you guys got a condo That's condo mo What up Yeah, I do I mean I don't such does Fine And I might as well one is I didn't push today Okay Now you have say Spinier meat Rick and son Spinier meat Rick and let's do it Oh Oh, Gunning Oh, what's the matter? I was shooting press Oh, see I told you It's not my day Oh, so Fanny Fanny Okay It's not right in Fanny Fanny Fanny Fanny Oh, you asshole Prop 17 at 560 WQM Here's the facts It's past Andy of kiss sounds real Swishy when he talks I guess we'll go to put him on there Okay, okay pass it by these people Most people don't know the individual members of kiss Okay Do that I guess not anymore Yeah, old No, I don't even see that spot anymore But the holiday and express We don't see that one anymore We got the 96 votes for George But Well, he's still got a pretty safely Which of these people are you most convinced is gay or by? Jorge's got 96 Prince 65 Tom Cruise 53 Trayton 32 Jeff Garcia 13 Or it's a sure a big drop down in it Little Brian Andrews got 11 Dennis DeCronica, Catla Colour, etc. 10 P.A. is tied with the P.D.D. Puff Daddy or whatever column this week Jeff Gordon 10, Gen. Reno 9 Think about it Justin Tinkerbell 8 Mike P. Otsenjodi Foster Heechav 8 Steve Young's got 7 or Griffin 7 Hillary Clinton 7 Little Brian Orcross is only got 6 The weather fairy Matt Damon 6 Ricky Martin 6 Jay Lowe 5 Ben Affleck 5 Barry Mantelowe 5 Richard Gear 5 Canterweaves 4 And Greek Aes only got 3 Mayor Ellis Pinga Picanias got 3 George Clooney A pair Eddie Murphy a pair Ricky Williams has one Shame on you for putting him on there Scott Wolf has got one John Revolt to one Monona Rida one Tom Salac has got one Bill C'mon Scott one but I heard him too big Henry Winchers got one Kevin Spacey 1 and none None for a whole bunch of people Y'all Y'all Y'all Y'all Y'all Y'all Y'all Y'all I think you have to That's spelled right Is it with two wins? I think it's two wins What did I miss now? I'm just thinking about that bit Can we get here again? We're concerned about this Ah None for Daniel Day Louis Y'all Y'all Y'all Y'all Kim Babou can't record ill Stuart Lance Bass From End Stake Not from the Back Street Boys by the way None for Mike Myers, none for Missy Miss Domino Elliot Sinbad, Shepherd Smith Kenny G Paul Shavron have any? Jeff Goldblum, our city of Haldon Francisco Our Reflisher Wayne Newton, Jimmy Syphilis John Tesh We're Reynolds We're gonna all the people I have no votes My God they got like 8,000 people out here with no votes That are wasting our damn space at our pool Who'd I leave on with? Our Shepherd Smith, we're Reynolds Dave Damien don't have any Tubbing McGuire Elijah Wood, Leo DeCaprio Oh no, he only have any votes and Robbie Alamar Alamar by the way's AL, O-M-A-R, Eric AL Oh don't pay attention to Carlos's spelling He's nothing about baseball He's in a Sean Green I'm embarrassed for you man You don't know that nice Jewish boy Sean Greeney I'll feel it for the LA Dodgers Used to play for the Toronto Blue Jays Making about $4 billion a year Oh geez, quit, like I said, Jerry, get back to the pen Okay, please, it was so much more entertaining 560, 750, 50, 50, 60 On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello Yeah, I'm the other one, 40 minutes Oh it's a crazy guy again Don't put him on the air, the crazy guy The crazy, move him or like that guy Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello Hey Neil, I'm the gun Okay Good man, I had a couple votes But I already had him on the list But I have one more that I didn't hear Yeah Eddie Murphy Two votes Really? He's got out here I was gonna pick Fort Lauderdale and they'll come all too But you already said Horne, I'll still have any votes, aren't you surprised? That's amazing, he's scared of the hell Ever great day sir Bye bye Bye bye How'd you like that? This guy thinks he's gear than hell Well I guess we're gonna have a gay old time in hell What he's just said, I never heard that expression before Did you? So if I was you, I'd be watching what's gonna be happening Your backside down there, okay? Correct him 560560 Pound 560 on a AT&T And Verizon Wireless Line Here's Pompano, hello Hey Neil Yes sir Hey, how you doing? I'm doing okay Okay, if you allow me to play program director for just a second What do you mean for just a second? We've already got about a half an dozen of them We know he's used one more Okay I got the solution for you nine to ten hours Okay You're good that you just play with purpose What I want to bring up How about Rick and Sud? Guess hosting that hour What do you mean guest hosting? Well I mean instead of you just go in Rick and Sud for an hour And they'll be happy because they got in the air You'll be happy because you got a good lead in And because I won't have to do four hours That sounds great As long as there's no pay cut involved for me And of course they'll have to work for free But other than that it sounds great But you could pay him like a good tourty No Hey What's the try? Okay thanks Okay, I would like to say There's a day program director for about 30 seconds there We're concerned nine to ten What about the little guy that does the heat basketball segments for Hank? He sounds like a preview Preview best in L Goldstein cake He could have been talking about Ira Winderman Good ol' Ira One thing we know about Ira He has a wife in her Yeah we know about her He's got some of these out of squeaky voice Y'all these got a squeaky voice Nobody nominated him for this poll And obviously because we know he's a straight as an arrow Okay Squat as a straight as a squeaky arrow Here's the what you call the facts radio would Oh that call with the fizz and open Oh stuff and nobody cares about the radio groupy And then we got jury today about half of it Doesn't fact just try to type this stuff out We've seen all the same swirl if it smells the same And looks the same and sounds the same It's all you okay It's you baby Baby it's you Let's play that again 560 let's play that again And then we'll like segue with the work in Susby Moge is ripped and it's by work in Sus And then we'll have we didn't play it so far today Watch your back sack So was he nervous when all the stuff was going on in there You had to have seen it Really You thought of I used to be suggesting that he might be a little bit insecure these days Just because it's been room where he's going to be the next the fall guy What I said he was hugging his knees It wasn't a figure of speech he was hugging his knees That's a scary thought To watch a 600-pound man trying to hug his knees He was a scared I see but he's okay now I don't want to go to my contact. He's a lot of got me to toast and grilled cheese sandwich this morning Maybe that's why Oh You think he had problem because he got me food? I don't he fed you he fed the enemy How do they know that you've said so you said thanks right now Listen to this show though. They don't listen to show that little morom here So he fed me and as a result he's in he's in deep waters that we're saying he's in hot potatoes There's a day the way around so we're seeing Okay, sorry Zach, but it's good sandwich five six seven. Oh, so maybe we'll just get how he's to take care of us They probably like us or not. We don't care We don't care if you like us or not, but if you'll send us free food right, but we'll give you plug right he would be hate us Who is how he's where's that post? Well, let's find out. Let's get our own free stuff We don't want to rely on Zach and get him in hot water with mo because he's conserting with the enemy which we just don't do He wouldn't be debating about somebody bringing me our goddamn toasted cheese sandwich with parents What somebody is important is our program director who gets here now six o'clock in the morning so we can sit in there Baby said the morning sure every day. No, I'm sure that's not going in In addition, if he's gonna sit in there for three hours every morning between six to nine The least he can do it nine o'clock is have a big girl running with him That's good the good experience good training for him Don't you think sure for all the good I enjoy tremendously hearing that through the wildest morning We all up and down to hall through the wall over here as whole it was it was reverberating all through the building We need to look seven around here because this place lately especially since that football Indian you know you can feel it That's why I need to get out of town again because the atmosphere in here is just the tone the tone in the building is very unsatisfactory to me Yeah, at the timber the timber and the tone and the elevator and the ambiance and the aroma I think we had to take several days off like the power 96 because of the Columbia disaster right don't you think in difference and we'll just put Automated talk on we'll play some old tapes five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line Call from Fort Pierce hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey Neil. Yeah, Brad from Miami. How you guys doing today pretty good. Brad, what you doing up there Driving up to the Kennedy Space Center for the Memorial Service here today. I'm almost there. Okay, but hey entertaining show and I just wanted to It is on a time when you're a brand version remember the push administration Kind of ease of life Definitely let's go Really Oh, yeah, even her name condo Leslie. She's definitely got any let's be in love or tucked away in a condo somewhere Give her a big kiss for us, Brad. All right. Have a good time up there. We don't want do I want to see him on the next show. Do we necessarily five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line nice try 26 past noon at five sixty Q a m We're sports when you five six three M Thirty. Did you see our readings in the last book? Yeah, I know it's what gott it. Yeah, good up. Give us What the back pack. What you won't wait for them. No, no, no, no, no, no. You won't wait for them. No more I got enough. I got to think about our top I get right there and then I don't need a rating that's a minus eight I'm going to say it's so scary, I didn't do long air to some dust, no need to gotta wake a little harder on the guests too long. A rose should guts to go. There's a lot of bad producers you know. That's right, what you're back at? You won't wake a whole new moon, no moon, no moon, no moon, no moon, no moon, no moon, no moon, no moon. What you're back at? You won't wake a whole new moon. Work it! Oh bro, no, that's blah, blah, blah, I don't understand. You can leave from a truck while you're in both hands. Perfect, that person you made are ready to smoke. You just like Clinton, it's all your fault. And a straight-dip bad ass out. I'm gonna take the boat out of you mouth. That's right, that's right. That's right, that's right. You won't wake a whole new moon, no moon, no moon, no moon, no moon, no moon, no moon, no moon, no moon, no moon. That's it, that's it. You won't wake a whole new moon, no moon, no moon, no moon. This is what we say. You won't wake a whole new moon, no moon, no moon, no moon, no moon, no moon, no moon, no moon. You won't wake a whole new moon, no moon, no moon. You won't wake a whole new moon. You're lucky, you've got a grab. You're now, by the world, by the world, by the world. You're going to die. For 30-5-60 WKM, the Mad Dog Standard by Hoby-Longat 1. Mitchell Fax's and says, how about Matthew Brondrick, nobody buys that whole marriage to Sarah, Sarah, or Jessica Parker thing. You should add her on list to it says oh, if you brought Rick if you can be married to that Yeah, something's wrong So what you be saying or here's a suggestion for the program director how often the 9 to 10 hour vd star playing your library a bit starting from a to Z Wednesday 9 to 10 into the screenless or he'll just do an hour dead air. That sounds good. It's our life at our dead air stuff Let's try that tomorrow on on a Mars Wednesday. We put the bitch tomorrow and just sit and round eaten that That sounds good is that you're talking oh, I think that's an excellent idea You know how we sit and talk and I'm all like between noon and one and noon to one hour We've learned sit around eat all our good stuff from cookies. It's coming late for skit all the brisket and the potato Lockies and all other good stuff and the one lockies Remember they had the little I don't eat it. I know you can't eat the brisket Which is out of the fact I can't eat the potato pancakes. You do what I will great greasy. Matt for your roads man. Oh But nevertheless Here is a jetro who says buy what about Madonna when we already know that I mean He's brags about that. You know she's send her burn heart also Yeah, we don't want people are like to already a bragging about it. Okay, but thanks anyway jetro kind of a dull Thanks jetro what about the Rick Sudge boy. I don't understand this fact. So anyway, and then here's one with a bunch of hockey names on it George 4-8 Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha I think that was an admission of guilt on his part. Look at how ready isn't the face. Oh Man, I guess that a major event happened right here on Q. I am he couldn't handle a pressure He's got an even number 100 votes leading the pack by a mile and he just came out of the leader of the pack He's packing it George right Riga's 100 which of these people are you most convinced is gay or buy just for a fund Just your opinion something I thought about just briefly for maybe 10 20 hours a day. No. This is for real an important. Yeah, George 100 265 Tom Cruise 55 who's not too happy with at the that queen of mean Leon I Helmsley you think she's really the Sherman. Oh, it's not trade 33 Jeff Garcia 14 Dennis the chronic color 13, huh? By an Andrew's 12 Jeff Gordon and Dejana Reno which have 11 ever seen those two together same guy Mike P. Osses got 10 Piff puff up P. Oh P. Dad did leave. It's got 10 Just in think about nine Ryan or cross nine Helry Clinton. Oh she moved up there fasted and he'll help move up. Jody Fosses got nine eight Ricky Martin eight more Griffin seven Steve young seven Matt Damon six very man. Oh, we have in six J. Low six rigid year five Ben Affleck five mayor Alice Pingu Piccini is up to full Canteries got four in Greekies and the Paul shivers still got two Scott Wolf is only got one Scott Wolf is only got one vote. Okay. He sure is pretty though. I at least used to be probably an old troll by now 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line See this is good for like I don't know a sensitizing the public out there getting their gate are going a little bit better You know because we'll have all the answers for it tomorrow What we're gonna do is have Carlos call these to these people at home overnight and then we'll bring in the answers tomorrow Start out with Tommy I don't mean Tom Cruise. I mean you know Tommy. Thompson. No Tommy gun Product of honey. Oh for our you know the graduate of the Connecticut School of broadcasting Here's Miami. Hello big piece of Instration down here in the Carl Gables Florida. Yes, sir. Yeah US one in the June road. They got body bags No oil no blood the pictures of bush and now the pigs just got here breaking it up now But to huge demonstration for peace Oh right And they're back enough viewers want all the way down to 95 good for them It's amazing. I got two more for you Neil. Yeah, let me add to the list Gloria and what's his face a million? That's For a step on that's correct is gay? Super Okay, whatever Yeah, you're gonna out here. Yeah, I tell you he's not like you had a feather up his ass to me Everything was funny. You know I could drop a bomb on his Pretty funny guy. He's a tickle pink. We're not putting them on there. Glory S stuff on Oh, those two they just give me the willys that pair Always running around like they kind of like speak for the community like they're like have something to do with the rest of us We don't want to think that with the glory okay just go away We may we're nauseous from you and that performance in front of the are well and they are Miami relative sauce there He gunns Zales house house lies are going by the way anybody seen him lately and what about his brother? Here's Miami. Hello Oh, yes, sir Um, first I'd like to say that I absolutely think George is definitely gay Yeah, I'm I'm starting to think so after that red face Yeah, and there's something about him besides sounding gay They just want to kick his ass They're like he's annoying like I just like the pound the crap right there are a lot of people who'd like to you'd have to be tempted to line I'll tell you that to line over see how for so many years Yeah, you have a backhanded event. Have you ever punched him in the mouth? No, come over though I don't like punching little people in a mouth. It's like you know We're slapping or something In the hallway Carlos said he'll slap him for you to what's in my mind I got a question is do you think it's a possibility that you manage at one time was gay or is gay now? I will I will say this I don't want to comment on that because I don't have any personal knowledge But I will say you did take a lot of showers naked with men Okay, so that's and then the other end and I find it very strange that he and Joe Rose still even after all these years After they both retired from the NFL they continue showering together like on a weekends I find that really that is pretty Yeah, and Joe He's still in for man mad dog He feels in the gap So there's something going on there. Right. Okay. Well, thanks for pointing that out to us We'll investigate immediately with not sooner. Why don't we ask them out dog if he has any gay pro club He is the one by the way gaming that first Tom Brady picture to one specger on a wall with those big flashy Ashini teeth a couple years ago It's right. Yeah, that was back when he graduated from me, Shigan before my dog Sturgeon a little bug up his ass because he won the piss he won the Super Bowl for the Patriots the evil arch enemy of the beloved Dolphin See, that's when he started a little bit sour on a little Tommy boy and a little bit jealous and a little bit angry and a little bit like not giving enough credit We're credit was do things like that and then making all those whining sounds about that Oakland game last year in the snow to snow game And they are supposed to fumble and all out of the crap, you know Did he talk it or did he caucus still hot kid about that still probably watching or replays of that and he probably would like to have shot with Tom Brady I know I sure would At least I'll admit it, you know, there's the difference. There's the rub And I will tell you this other than the high school where we're forced to do it in gym class All the rest of the years of my life. I have never shoured air with a whole bunch of other guys Have you yeah, they made you I'm other than after school. I'm talking about So it's part of PE Are you falling last season he's he's cracking other do you do PE like here? I'm talking about after school after you finished with Phil with school See, I've been I can't even understand what you say What occasion would that be how would that ever know? All of this time Right I thought it was just a joke five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T Exactly and Verizon where this line Well, maybe he just doesn't want to tell us about his trips to the club baths. I don't know Maybe it's not a hot chick saying it around there. No, I doubt it, but you never know And of course who knows what he's dragging me go to treasure island for I don't know what that's all about I sure wouldn't mind be in a you know middle of that kind of a judge out of the way. No, I will not be a treasure island. I don't want to take Boko brand spot The big bold spot. Although I'm working on it pretty good So George is making a lot of important announcements today. I want everybody to write it down Especially the guy who wants to come down here and kick your ass. He was cute two two five Northwest second heaven or thing 22 to one at five sixty WQAM In fact, we have a very important landmark out here right where the mail truck went by on Friday George will be happy to leave your ass right down there on the spot where the mail truck went by Have you ever been presented with an opportunity when you should have could have or what it done something but didn't do it Well, there's an incredible fany may mortgage rate out there waiting for you right now at 3.45 And this rates available by calling financial group that you explain it to you 1-800-940-5363 If you had to compare a 7% rate with 3.45% You'd save yourself 3,500 bucks in the first year alone for $100,000 that you owe $100,000 bucks cost you only $447 a month So this is an opportunity that won't last long. It's a 40 year low If you're thinking about refinancing if you're thinking about buying a home confidential group at 1-800-9405363 The process is simple to call us free. There's no obligation 1-800-940-L-END Financial group has been an equal housing lender in thousand borrowers with the fany may program Credit restrictions do apply and don't forget rates are subject to change if you wait too long 5.34 APR Call financial group today is a way I was telling no obligation. I'll explain the all the details how this works 1-800-940-L-END 1-800-940-L-END Have a penis. I've never had one I swear His name is Joe he's got a show on Fox pretending he's rich But I grew up with Joe so I should know I caught his sometimes he pitch It's okay, I guess Because I wore a drink And Bobby was mine All I can though lighting wine He's a handsome guy That's no lie, but here's the truth I swear it But I walked it on him and some guy named Jim would appeal gigantic carrot And he's got smelly feet And here's his full of grease Here's another treat He's got a fetish for guisey men Lauderdocchi What? He never did care He wears pisses back man under water He's the only dresses of like shit All right 17 to one at five 60 WCW I'm so we got uh, what's his name? Not in jail, but I mean arrested. It feels specter I've actually the run-its are pretty disgusted about that They still live do we know the run-its? Any raw? Do we know anything about them? I think Ronnie is What does he about the rest of it? I'm gonna be looking up at him book for crying out loud Okay, but it's not just I mean your opinion what does that count for everybody got in opinion? They're like long noses They're like nostrils everybody's got a couple Ronits Female vocal trio from your city, sisters Veronica Ronnie, Spector Bennett and Estelle Bennett van With cousin Needrick Talley Ross, Veronica was very to feel specter from the 6d to 7d4 We know that? Yes, I didn't You did not he didn't she talked all about it she did interviews about how he talked all about what like P.H.1 have to yeah things like that interview shows and ever saw anything about the run-its I don't even know where I would have and I bet you now Since they always hop on these things it's opportunity that they won't pass up Oh, you better go ahead and say a Phil Spector coming out of our ears our ass are nostrils just Open a moment to go huh every orifice in our body Right Phil Spector's greatest so keep your eye on a biography channel on VH1 Do we have the biography channel here or not? Yeah, we do Don't ask me where to find it, but I've seen it on digital Whatever the hell it is Ah see there is the Robin Toronto I got real digital cable here. It's like make believe digital cable Let's go like just a bunch of crap. I don't have any of those channels here I don't really no and you got the whole deal the whole kit yeah I didn't kid like HBO and stuff like that because I have that on the satellite but I've got everything I'm supposed to have You you have the see people system any but no AT&T AT&T broadband. That's what I got Any biography channel right? George has had a little problem today and Of course on today. Other one which of these people are you most convinced is gay or buy? We have nearly 500 votes now If the port in 78 it's been a real torches experience here today George has got a hundred eight votes in a special I noticed that it's starting to spike a little bit now after his reason Princessy six Tom Cruise 55 Troy the boy convinced 33 and Dennis the chronic caller the Catholic Whatever he is 17 you're really moving up in a world here in the top five Dennis Congratulations to you I'm sure that the Schwishgarh reprouted 567 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T line Many openings in the hotel here's Davy hello About yes, sir. Yeah, I wasn't wondering the list did I have my Tyson on this no Okay That was just corn just to see if it that was the good name for the list if it would be a good one What do you think I think he's a little bit bisexual or something that boy's I don't know It doesn't have a strange way over that's that's good point might be a dead giveaway Thank you ever thought about that. I'm about my Tyson on there Did he tell you what I during one of his outpers that he was gonna rape him or eat him or something? He did the chew on his earl but he nibbled on his ear no question about it He showed me you got nibbles on another guy's ear and I think that there might just be something there Firstly when he starts chewing on it, you know, I'm like savoring it 560 560 pound 560 so my passion is on there to keep you happy. I'll keep you off the streets Here's another call from Davy hello Hey, yeah, yes, sir Good afternoon to you Two people two two Justin Randy the runoff from American Idol oh Yeah Something it's funny you should mention and I have to take the blame because I have the star in front of me the one that says times gay battle with Leonah Helmsley on the front and on top on the upper left-hand corner American Idol love story Kelly and Justin's million dollar wedding is the hell on Now I'm gonna tell you I said to George before to show this morning I saw this article. I looked at his picture and I said he floats like ivory soap I mean he may not be 99% pure like ivory soap, but he certainly floats like a butterfly He makes George look as straight as an arrow he makes George look like hercules and Samsung combined And it's the gambles gonna come down and stick it right in his ass Mr. Campbell I don't know maybe that sticks some stupid right now Anyway, here's the picture Kelly and Justin to wed in one million dollar gone with the wind bash. I mean Seriously, are we all death dumb and blind or were we the is America really that stupid? Yeah, I guess anything that they put on TV and I mean and he who knows he may be the most virul macho guy since Charlton has to since John Wayne who's really was faith, but nevertheless Foxy what I'm saying His name was faith. No, he's name was Mary and I know Mary and I know but he was faith way in your country of fool You better butcher up mr. You're gonna be you're gonna be starring next to like how's your full three if you don't watch it 5 seconds 7. Oh 560 you could be Fagadorn You asshole Here's Pompano hello How big you're prin? Yes, sir. How bad But yes, list of his How big you're prin? Al Gore Al Gore Yeah, you know with his F sound he does and all his everybody who makes funny S sounds is a gay. Yes. Oh That was beautiful. It was kind of like a low key humor. They had an understand theory and we said yes like that I do I am for I do have my gaydar off for that to run away ssama I'm forcing her watching TV. I'll scream out on you hear that get the butterfly net catcher run away ss Always do that and see you do the two Carlos course. We know about you. It's uh 1249 at 560 WQ I am Tom Laman. It was about you too. I wonder if our friend Tom Laman and Halipontic is kin to the Tom Laman the harness driver Pompano park who wins about one or two a year. Huh? I kind of doubt it but that's be interesting to find out maybe Tom Laman at Pompano park store Friend Tom Laman's name. I doubt the other way around because our time Laman's been there for about 200 years at Halipontic He and Joe Prieto are buried in new cars new vehicles the factory sent how that so many cars that don't place to stick him even Times got him all all whole bunch of mine up in his driveway at home So they would like to place one at yours in unbeatable price Helis blowing out all the new vehicles regardless of profit included the potty egg vibe Starting at a shocking may low price of only 13,998 and get you up to $5,000 off at every GMC on boy and stock right now Plus get 0% financing ruptu a $3,000 rebate when you do your business at Halipontic and as always they got a big big fat lot Full of our dependable pre-owned car's truck's SUVs if any of the other car dealers give you a bunch of crap But they see your credit isn't well up to their standard Scrum okay just forget about that and head for Halipontic No matter what your deal is even if used to work at you a.m. They will cut you a deal somehow It's the way to blizzard emergency clearance sale. Let's go on right now at Halipontic GMC 13411 South-Dixie Highway that's US one right across from the falls open seven days a week Same location they've been for over 35 years treating people great wishes why this still there and as always You'll save you the more when you mentioned my name car right now that he or I just need a little online tool free 1-Trival 8 534 42 11 that's 1-Trival 8 534 42 11 for Halipontic GMC you continue to shop from the rooftops We are professional grades My Your sports radio 560s you a The show welcome back to the superfluous kind of linguists of the Moha today, but it's open Well we got the three growers on power rotation for your perusy Moha what the speed and I feel about okay we got special dust today No one's allowed in here to stay bring food for their king good good Too late cycle ready for them oh yeah, who the hell? It is my the moods That's the recon sucks you know Try go over to us today Sorry, and never heard of you Fuck well, I wonder why what do you do you got an act? Yeah, exactly like what we spend the wheel wherever the wheel stops We grab meat off of it. We slam it and you name it. What's funny about that? You got a point there. Why can't you just ask me a question you ready to put your in the toilet bowl You're that's funny, huh? Oh, I got news for you pal you folks think I'm a precipice getting fired at it right now Well, I'm gonna add in my place of business now. I don't write toughen I'll give you one more chance to show me what you got. Oh, this isn't really funny because I got a really full bladder All right these were things that probably adults would know They're like old sayings and I want you to fill in the blank. You know how to do that? Yeah, here we go The bigger they are the harder they get to do Yeah Do I get clearance clearance to give you clearance the left? How dare you left me? I suppose you want to make me now Yeah, start looking that would be wild. Yeah. All right I don't even get It can be hold my green things. Okay What are you looking at? Freckle face fany and you guys got a condo that's condo, oh, what up? Yeah, I do. I mean I don't such does Fine, and I might as well one is I didn't do this today. Okay now you say spin your meat Rick and son You meet Rick and let's do it Oh, Danny. Oh, what's the matter? I was shooting first See I told you not my day So My day funny, okay It's not right in bearish skin Poison oh Oh Bulkab Ryan? I just stopped in the midstream. Please don't tell me that's defective, huh? How about how could that happen? Just in midstream it just like stop right like that. Let's blame the CD player. Oh my god. Let's not let's blame Bulkab Ryan. That is that's outrageous just like right in the middle where it was getting like really heavy doing it to Cracked out. Well, that's okay. We don't have a lot of time anyway. The reason we're playing around ass is because It kills some time and full specter evidently killed That brought a ledge when the Clarkson. I know I got it right here 40 year old Lana Clarkson who is a what now She was a beam may be a movie actress. Yeah, and they found her body in the home's front foyer She had a really nice pair of natural breasts Bond was set at a million dollars which they obviously raised because he's out this morning. He's out in about Maybe get some advice from Moji in fact his attorney is speaking. Did you see his attorney? No Bobby Shapiro He's hotty like that Attorney Marvin Mitchell sent a close friend of specter's told he associated press and producer lived alone didn't have a girlfriend Oh, you know what they call that Mitchell since any inspector been tried to put together a movie about specter's life his metal state has been great Very rational very together lawyer said His trademark was the wall of sound the layering of instrumental tracks and percussion which underpin the string of hits on his Filly label in the early 60s, which I just put it away. Thank you that I'm our play now Then I have it stop at the middle the rolling arrangements were the heart of what he called little symphonies for the kids Among them number one hits like a run-outs be my baby and right his brothers anxious overplayed You've lost that loving feeling Spook Specter co-produced a Beatles final album let it be and work with ex-beatals George Harrison and John Lennon on solo Proud projects after the group broke up his recording of Harrison's 1971 benefit concert for war leaf and Bangladesh Well the 1972 Grammy World for Almadir the last major albemy produced was the Ramones end of the century in 1980 Which is a cool nz age ago a long time ago Specter married run-outs singer for on a good said that 68 divorce 74 In October the earth states supreme court throughout a three million dollar war suit against Specter and a lawsuit filed by his ex wife and two other Members of the run-outs seeking royalties for the seller their recordings for use in movies and commercials and the judge said no no dice How do you like that yeah, how can I have left off this Kelly Clarkson clown off this list? I take full responsibility not that we know we're just again. It's just a gut feeling. It's just that feeling in the pretty or stomach In fact speaking you'll put your stomach this show it won't forget Thursday tonight's Tuesday We got small build a night as this in the one tonight. We hope You know how to accept all these other pivours last week. I it's got to be Got to be an auditset I've only had a couple and then the tomorrow night or tomorrow is gonna be the poster The naked poster of Tom Walling in the Sun Sentinel right The show poster the naked show poster and then Thursday But it's not this Thursday's next Thursday. You have plenty of time to like reach up your TV and good support Are you hot? That's the name of the show? The search for America's sexiest people from the creator of the bachelor the clothes come off for two hours Thursday February 13 eight o'clock. He's been seven central time on a Bc Cc did I say oh yeah see that too Take a look at this take a look at again. Okay. Just in case you forgot to picture, okay? There's something on that page. It almost everybody. I mean there's something there I want to grab all of it, but certainly something there Follow what I'm saying no, what do you say it? I'm saying well go take a shower In other word done what we do around here at Qm is we all get around we shower together after the show We have these station shower pass around the soap on a rope just in case Let's see George's got 119 votes print 67. I mean he isn't even close on your behind you Just pound it silly and then whatever comes out eat it