He's there in the oval office, though he's not sure what an oval is. He's practicing his speech that he's been working on for weeks should be a breeze. But it's not for a man who thinks that if you're from a ranger, it really is. Saturday he's still no smarter, thinks what's in the center of central goal. You could say his brain is useless, kind of like the Cheneys clocked up ventricles. Now he goes to give the speech with words his bone can't not reach, he looks so afraid. But he won't tell you how he feels instead, he'll talk about some bad mistakes he'll make. He can't spell, he can't run out loud. He can't speak, so what he says, so isn't out. You'll never clue, nobody listen, so he just babbles on. Babbles on. Babbles on. He's got to get that ain't too bad. Same occupation as dad once had, closest his eyes when it comes to ten. Helps him to remember all of them. Like the bush we had before he's got the same name on the oval office store. He's in there thinking unlike Clinton. I don't make the country wonderful. Open George W. You wait like this dad when it quarter said four two bomb back at. You sit down on to another fight and my scared George and make him want to cry. His eyes when it goes to vent and dreams of the weekend making smile. If you better win, you hear him say, that you are saying we'll be wonderful someday. He might promise us everything that don't need spittle. And he's got to change me. To blame if something goes wrong. Once the press gets to him he'll realize he's impressive and he's so wonderful. The morning had been here for two years and I know four five sixty WQAM. For those of you that haven't figured this out, it's not George and it's not Neil. This is Carlos. We'll be taking requests and playing some best of Neil tapes today. So can you call off the end? I'll be happy to play anything you got. I'm honored to welcome so many people who devote their lives to the well-being of others to the Rose Garden here in the White House. There are around five million hardcore users of the illegal drugs in America today. We must do and we will do drugs. We must increase the floor drugs into America. This will make working in close cooperies with Mexico a priority. And we infatically disagree. There are American parts being laid down at the bottom of our chests. But that special feel we get in the tacos of our homes. They're the both of the tacos. Maybe in the sub-conqueria. Maybe in the liver. Maybe in the kidneys. Maybe even in the colon. We don't know. But I'm just too regular Joe with a regular job. I'm your average white, so better than I'd slough. I like football and poor knowing. What's about war? I got an average house. With a nice hard wooden floor. My wife and my job. My kids and my car. I'll feed on my table. And a cute little cigar. But sometimes it's just thingin' up to keep a man like me. It's the unknown, no way. I know I've gotta go out and have fun. That someone else has experienced. Whoa yeah. Yeah yeah yeah yeah. I'm really spoiled. And the old professor laid the wild people behind me. I'll go and be insane. But I'm too old. You're totally a fool, you're a fool, you're a fool. I'm an asshole. You're a fool, you're a fool. But you're a fool. I use public toilets. And I piss on the seat. I walk around in the summer times. Sayin' how about this thing? I'm an asshole. You're a whore, you're a whore. I'm an asshole. You're a whore, you're a f*****, you're a f*****. You're a f*****, you're a f*****. Sometimes I'm more in a handicapped space. Well handicapped people who think handicapped and safe. I'm an asshole. You're a whore, you're a whore. I'm an asshole. Baby I should be singing this song Ranting and raving and caring Baby they're right when they tell me I'm wrong Nah, I wanna show you you you you you Come on, I can tell you it's the boy Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh You know what I'm gonna do? I wanna get myself when I 1667 Can't let go the Ronald head hurtable I think with a whale skin off the cast Then all other cow inferior and big brown baby See a lot of red lines Yeah, I'm gonna go around in that baby But 150 miles per hour We're getting one mile per gallon The second hour quarter five of she's Ferguson McDonald's The old fashioned non-biological star home containers And when I'm done sucking down those briefball burgers I'm gonna wipe my mouth with the American flag And then I'm gonna toss the star home containers right at the side And then we're gonna cat damn thing anybody can do it by then You know why? Because we got the bomb that's wide Two words no clear and weapons So they rush a Germany Who made anything and have all the democracy they want to think about Think about democracy cake walk right to the middle of the sea of the square I don't make a look at difference because we got some bombs So dad John Wayne's not in peace frozen And it's usually find a cure for cancer We're gonna throw out the milk and he's gonna be pretty pissed off You know why? He's gonna take it a cold shower But we'll multiply that by 15 million times That's how pissed off the milk is gonna be I'm gonna go to the gym and get somebody And we arm and dance and pack a party And in case you want me to be alive on a basic You don't really remate Oh but you just shut up in a thing that's so much worse I'm gonna throw you out of the ocean I'm gonna throw you out of the ocean Okay S-S-S-S-S-E-O L-E-R-A-R-A-R-A-S-S-S-S-O I'm an asshole and I'm proud of it. Mitch and my hand here QAM. Yeah, hey hard. It's going on Mitch. I'd like to hear the beast on Christmas and New Year's Day. Would you really? Yeah, you know the guy you fired? Who fired him? You did. How do I find out? How are you guys? Hey, Mitch. Let me ask you a question. They started what intelligent insight do you have this information? You fired him. How would you know that? You fired him. How would you know that? Shut up once and ask the question. You, answer the question more on your asshole. Oh, oh, wait, hang on. Must be a number one. You must be a number one. You're buried. What? You can't ask the question. How would you know that? And then we kept repeating so, but we're not over again. You know what it sounds like to me? Another one of the trained monkeys that listen to ginger riders. Because that's always got his trained monkeys that listen to that jackass? Do do do do do. And that's why I think that's it. I'll have a jump being ship season. The jackass? And where did I tell you? You don't talk to like say you can talk. This is the beast. I said shut up. Fat soul. But you're like a father to me. You don't talk to Lam, don't talk to him. Well, not done talking. Then you talk. Okay, I'll be coming. Come here. I want you to meet a friend of mine. Mr. Goughclad. Why are you here? I'm going to show you the business evidence they've got. Come here. This court sentences your tool 20 years in ours. Would you win, though? I had to take off my mattress. Looks like we'll be your bookmates. The names more holidaymen. Starrestage screen and paradise. What's your legal me, coffee? You've got so bad. Thank you. Hey, you can have a drink. So hard, real, huh? I'm going to make you my wife. What? God, God, who got into a drinking? I got your time. You got 10 minutes. What else do you be safe beneath? No, both. No, man. You're not new in the play over there. It's so good. Okay. For the power of sleep like that. You know who I am? No, no, no. Pick it up now. I'll be a brother. All right. But I expect a Britain apology. I might just put that broom in a book's eye. There, no, no, no. I'll pick the front. This is a kid's book. Yeah, this is a kid's book. Lord, I'll see you now. Thanks. Well, Mr. David. I'm a woman. Toon. Jack. Jack ordered. How can it help you? Well, you see more than here? I keep getting raped at the day. Toon. Isn't that a shame? I look into it right away. Thanks, a woman. It is out. Drop your pen. I said drop your pen. This is odd. Spoof. Favors don't come to you. No, no, no. Let's rape, oh. Read, you'll be charred. That's how we pass the time away. In the game, you'll jail the horse. Never watched his hair or she'd do. Haba Care, Kobe. His name was Kirk. Now he's pushing a dirt, Kobe. White finger from his chin. Do in heroin, Kobe. Never thought it was hot. And now it's Kirk. They ain't got Kobe. He got hazy, goodbyes and he died. Kobe. He's a number one hit in Heavens. Big much hit. Kobe. He's a number one hit. In Heavens, big much hit. Kobe. He'll be Elvis the King. And say grunge was my thing. Kobe. So if you feel without, don't take her to wait out. Kobe. He got hazy, goodbyes and he died. Kobe. He was alive back in 1489. He was a little guy who stood four foot by a guy around in base. He with a couple of kids. And he was in charge of the Vatican. Oh John. Oh John. Oh John. Oh Pope. Pious. John. You see the folks at the freest to get married back then. They've spread the money round. They're off-pring and kids. So the factors at the Vatican may marry his sin. And that was the problem for us. Been in him. Oh John. The scat of the secret he didn't confess was that he was a pregnant girl under that dress. Back then they all dressed and dragged that healthy thing. It doesn't have anyone found out he'd lose the game. Oh John. Oh John. Oh John. Oh John. Oh Pope. Pious. John. One Wednesday is dressed blue up in the dust. It's someone you know. Hey, that guy has no dust. Like Marilyn Monroe is skirt-filoed high and everyone knew it was the end of the line for Pope John. And Paris didn't worry. The banquet-goat broke. The Vatican, Jimny's house, down Holy Smoke. From history, spin doctors had this arraised. Not long after they had this screely replaced Pope John. Oh John. Oh John. Pope Pious. They buried him or her out of public view in a tomb held together with scotch tape and glue. These few words are written on his tomb. We pray that everybody will forget about you. Pope John. Oh John. Oh John. Pope Pious. John. No. How the Clinton spent their first night in Chappaclo. Oh, I'm getting high. No, I get it. Don't worry about it. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Well, hello Mr. President. I'm Sarah Rubin. Yes, you are. Yes, my family lives in the Victorian house. Cross the street. I'm so very nice house and you have very nice legs. Well, thank you, sir. And welcome to our little town of Chappaclo. I hope your family will enjoy living here. I think I will. My daughter, I'm in there now. I have built this little welcome to the neighborhood. It's our family recipe for pineapple upside down cake. I like to take your pineapple anyway. I've thought that outside. Please. Oh, oh, oh. Thank you, Mr. President. Oh, my mom. Oh, oh, oh, oh. No, it was just a lady from next door. That's all. I said, I'm going to get sent out of the place. And there are buttons on the side. I can't believe. Well, hello. Hello, Mr. Clancy. I'm a land creep again. You keep divorced. Do you be escort? I know sir. I'm sorry, Mr. Crifkins. What can I do you for? I just wanted to welcome you to the neighborhood. Well, the escort is not here yet. If you want to jump on a little Charlie. I'm going to start. All right. Well, I'll sleep later, I'll leave. I'll follow whatever you're doing. No, just another neighbor. You're making fun of what? Oh, sweet Jesus. Oh, oh, oh. Jesus, the doorbell's going crazy. I get it. I get it. I get it. Great Caesar's ghost. Hi, baby. It's me, Marika. Good. God, almighty. What do you think of mine? What are you doing here? Well, I bought that house next door with my shitty cring money. Oh, my God. We'll be seeing a lot of each other in the year 2000. No! Oh! Bill's the cause and Monica's the China. She lets out a gigo. When he makes no ego, money goes, not the kind. You can do in the behind, but a cigar and her vagina she'd all mind. Where he don't know where her stoke goes. I can see how there was some confusion between humans or ends you in horror. And then I can saw the term Cedar Box means saw her naked. Stars reportedly took her in blind. That place and he was working hard. Late nights in the ovary office. Working on a practical joke. He took a mac and noodle, put an explode in. Loading for Monica was blowing rings a smoke. Bill's the cause and Monica's the China. She lets out a gigo. Every time he makes no ego, money goes, not the kind. You can do in the behind, but a cigar and her vagina she'd all mind. All people feel that Hillary's been made a fuller by her husband. Feel that Hillary was wrong. Up in the Lincoln bedroom she was moaning. More and out four was doing her with Bill's old bond. Bill's the cause and Monica's the China. She lets out a gigo. Every friggin' time he makes no ego, money goes, not the kind. You can do it in the behind, but a cigar and her vagina she'd all mind. You can do it in the behind, but a cigar and her vagina she'd all mind. What she got of to do is take a tip of it all. Every thing of the ground, oh yeah yeah yeah yeah. All that comes to common, all that comes to common. This one is that all you people know, how a stone or spear. You know, we hear high, so you ask the brownies. You can add parts of glorious and the huge and high of the scurriers, so as long as the mouth and can, you can focus on the bones, the my friends can love the part everyday, and now we just can't stop one day, we can talk up with the cops. Forgivin' a big fat hook up, say I plant my cheese, see, see, see, see, see, fall my wings, we'll eat my shit work, we'll eat free, free. Gonna learn again, say I plant my cheese, see, see, see, fall my wings, we'll eat for my bones. Let me smoke that phone, say we'll be that phone, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb. Love when I smoke the bomb, just like you can't chomp, yeah, yeah. That bomb, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb. Look at that hot, so glorious, that the hater nine of us curious, so I ask the momma for some cannibals. You smoke before school, not on the bus, come up with the love the part everyday, you're going out, just can't stop one day, we've even soaked up with the cops. Look at that big fat hook up, say I plant my cheese, see, see, fall my wings, we'll eat my shit work, free, free, free. Gonna run again, say I plant my cheese, see, see, fall my wings, we'll eat for my bones. Let me smoke that phone, say we'll eat, that bomb, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb. Love when I smoke the bomb, just like you can chomp, yeah, yeah. That bomb, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb. Eight for the man, yeah, yeah, pass her right over here. Oh yeah, that's so good! You've got foe every pile. I'd be rolling with a trunclaw with my 81-rowy Pregs it here on the call And if I have to bust the cap, I'll just say I need to do it Back there, here on the car Every night just to crack pity I go to the third world And answer round the club on who be buying my game Yeah, they go and be cracked at it You're floating that club Yeah, I've been going to crack pity And be stabbing my blood Without you going to crack pity And I'll know my junk I never go to crack pity Without packing my gut Yeah, to rock Oh, every Ah No, that every now and then I still from crack to reward you Damn silly Here I be gone Some was buckboard The intersection working for free Who? Friends, here I be gone Well, I'll be cruising by the verbal house With no windows And be mad at normal We shall she my favorite home Oh, oh, oh, oh Yeah, people go to crack pity And I go to film my crack But I think going to crack pity You can tell it on that I think going to crack pity And pass my ram I think going to crack pity Because I be bad yet To rock for every high You can crack Oh, it's supposed to be guitar there You've been a little guitar I don't know what to say, it's not Oh, it's not Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh And then I'd ask See the ass Eat it, it's back from the end It's the 20th anniversary of all of the family Oh, rookie day If you need John's yellow weed No, yeah, he don't deserve to hurt He's not one of the having to mind you little girl Who cares? Why don't you push yourself away from the table Maybe have a salad once in a while Daddy don't you know how many of the girls people have never had a decent meal Again with its charity sweetheart Well, it's true So why don't you send them to Bones from the turkey You had for breakfast I got a I got a Like a warm again I'll save Very bad I thought he was pushing on days He's my mother Oh, no watchy The last step is that we saw the bad tree He seems so bad to me What was your back there, baby? First to die off He gave me that a beer Oh That's one of your family's ring of all of the family Saturday night on CBS Rock to you by IBS HomeCard Spondon School Where you can learn auto mechanics Get my parents All that stuff We'll settle Tonight Was there a fight On the hard old July Because now his cousins That are all in the head What happened? We don't know Something fishy smells But he won't tell So we'll last fry What did you do? Rhyen What did you do? Seems It's not so long He was standing On his folks' lawn And he was crying Rhyen Crying Crying It's hard to run In this town It wasn't as So then With two shots flying I don't know why Your agent proved Claims the cops report So true I want to know some more So tell me what's the score Rhyen What did you do? Rhyen To leave Or just leave You're lying What did you do? Rhyen What did you do? Yes Now he's gone And from this moment We're asking Rhyen Crying Crying Crying Crying Crying Crying Crying Crying Crying Crying Crying Yes Yes sir Yes I'm wondering What did you talk about stuff Rhyen About what? About what? About what? Rhyen Crying Crying Crying Crying Crying Crying Crying Crying Crying Crying Crying Crying Crying Crying Crying Crying Crying Crying Crying Crying Crying Crying Crying Crying Corbin here are the ones that regulate bridges over navigable waterways over one Navigable waterways yes sir okay, okay, yeah, so it's up to them to decide what time the bridges should not be open To the marine traffic yes, and what time should they not be open to marine traffic sir? I'm telling you the thing come up with the times. Well, what is the time? I'm relieved it's like wish our times sir That they are not open to marine traffic other than that they are open to marine traffic So in other words any slump with a boat can come along and backup traffic for you I'm absolutely correct sir. Well, what kind of a communist bunch of crap is that? That is not a communist bunch of crap sir. Sounds like some kind of reandest all thanks is funny Pickle Be a one boat wait exactly the boat is gonna stop the five thousand cars That it no I think that 50 thousand cars ought to stop for one jackass in his boat I think that's what they ought to do Thank you better know your law Smith because you should don't that's right I suppose you want the damn bridges closed To both traffic and I can do I want the bridges closed period okay? I want them closed. I want the bridge tended to go home and watch an MTV and get the hell out of our lives I want those bridges closed. Let him use the junior total okay? You know I'm using the console closet I think the oliglorin a George Washington bridge and jump all of our engineers. How do you like that sir? Hello Mr. Rocker. How you doing here, Kriboid? We will do the rose shack test What is they loving you really a tongue like that all your boyfriends are Excuse me there go yeah go The rose shack test is in blasts as they say in English and I will show you these inkblots and you will tell me the first thing that pop into your mind Come look at what do you think this is formal And this let's go Okay, and this one in fact in Haitian All right how about this body down side riding the baloney pony Interesting what let's move along shall we? Let's try some word association I'll say a word and you tell me the first thing that pops into your head No Mr. Rocker we have started yet I Here we go Dog Can't microwave the color blue where you don't shine what are we trying waiting among before you respond jerk Mr. Rocker I only wish to be a friend. Why you got me on this couch stock? You won't you fight boy John I'm a man. Yeah. Yeah. What's your wife's name Chuck? No actually it's glad is yeah your glad is sitting out that you're a very boy How are you Why are you running That's not running John John are you a wild thing do you make my husband Hi, this is Jasmine elders and I'm mad mad at those right wing sons of bitches that force bill Clinton to fire me Just hold of the hell they think they are all I was trying to do was deal with the reality of sex and teenagers Maybe if Jesse Holmes had buffed the chip or a new gang rich have but as a call to little more There wouldn't be so up tight Flogging the dog never heard anybody and if people did a little more of it we might say some live Hell have Clinton just stayed home and spank the monkey he'd even be in last hot water Teaching kids about masturbation would be no big deal We could even take some standard teaching tools and just twist them around a little bit like See dick run when you see dick run get to the doctor because you picked up a bad case of crouched crickets Folks we got to get real about the realities of the world we live in there are too many kids out there taking a baloney ride and parking Then yacht in hair Harbor and if we just teach them to stay home and paddle the pickle pump the python Walk the door wax the carate or tickle the taco we'd all be better or now so all I have to say Now I'm going home now I see if Mr. Elders wants to pop it in the toast and hail oyster and buzz the grill In toy stores now from the makers of tickle me Elmo it's the all new take that thing out of me Elmo Mom, almost taking my temperature with his hand the new take that thing out of me Elmo and coming soon The vibrating Elmo I take some falling in love with Elmo In toy stores now So very hard to do The game of the game is the Bible There's a few regrets in where we do tell people who know the way If I did to your house Take their conditions away And then you burn it down You can get somebody to believe And you think that you take the Bible say it's true No matter what you do you can be a hurry Or you're always working if you pick up the poison it's nice Wave it all around Find the portion clean it I love it And you're the doctor down Everybody pray you want me to be okay Come on you will see some games Beat the crap out of your kiss You're to the right of the bow You're the still from it Bible say it's a little round I don't just kick in the face To make a sacrifice The if Oh yeah Guys, I am the skill in chasing I am back Once in one get thrown on breath Jesus breaks up back Jesus fights a super heavy never shall have a chance Once in one get thrown on the road Jesus in chase it tight The ball stops the gun God give him the grass The ball stops the gun He wakes his leg and mad The ball stops the gun He picks with me and then The ball stops the gun The ball stops the gun Oh yeah, oh yeah Oh yeah He's actually in two minutes He'll do fetch a pillow water Two foot cats who take up their own night She's got it, don't say Take him to the very choke Poor token book But since those can deal it So come now all on his boat The ball stops the gun God give him the grass The ball stops the gun He wakes his leg and mad The ball stops the gun He's the good man God throw the stiles The ball stops the gun Oh yeah, oh yeah Oh yeah He'll put the getting high Oh yeah, oh yeah He'll put the getting high Oh yeah I don't want the getting high Oh yeah, oh yeah I don't want the getting high The ball stops the gun You can see when the ground He don't want the stiles He wakes his leg and mad The ball stops the gun He'll do the heirs The ball stops the gun The ball stops the gun The ball stops the gun I'm okay, I think. But thanks for taking her call. We've been trying to reach you for the past couple days. We're trying to reach me. You've called people I haven't been invented yet. You called dead relatives of mine. What's the story, Heather? We're working on a story about the CD here promoting on your website. That's called Kisses. I won't say it. And word, good morning. Heather, are you listening to the show? Yes, I am. I've been listening to a couple days. And just see what we're doing. Did you hear me go through the entire rationale of what that song had. Nothing to do with condolese rice. Uh-huh. What about the song, condolese and condolese? That was obviously about condolese. I don't know. I just want to know why you're playing this on your show. I'd like to know why this is really interesting. Why are you calling me asking me why I should play this? We have song periods about built-clinton dozens of them. Nobody ever complained about that. We have song periods about Al Gore dozens of them. Nobody ever complained about those. Well, African American folks up here in New York are pretty offended by it. Well, you know, let me say this to you, Karen. We're not in New York. Uh-huh. Okay. We don't broadcast in New York. We're on WQM in Miami. Oh, oh. And the fact of the matter is that, let's accept for people like you and the people at that right wing newsmax.com. I want to make a big sentence about this. If we weren't for that, they would even be aware that we exist. We have to come up. This organization that's offended by it is a national organization. But the fact of the matter is we've been playing these songs for many, many, many months. We've never had one single complaint. And when interlopers like you from outside like from Fox News are from some right wing website. Want to tell us what? I mean, for you to ask me, how come you're playing that? Because we want to play it. What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it called? It's called comedy. That's what it's called. Do you have a sense of humor? Do you think it's funny? It's called, uh, call kind of leaves a riot? In a, in a, in a day in a day, in a day, Well, Harry Bellafonte called her the house Negro. Okay. So we'll call her whatever we want. But this is a little bit different. I mean, No, it's not just taking issue with the, It's not the least bit different. She is the house Negro. See, you people at Fox News, I don't understand this. Not everybody in the world is the right winger like group or Murdoch. There actually are those of us who are progressive or moderate liberal. Whatever we are, who also have the right to speak to express whatever it Helping want. So, so we're, we're paying again what you just said for me there. You think she is a what? She's the house Negro. Uh-huh. And you don't find anything wrong with that. Well, but what do you mean, Roe with that? It's the fact that's my opinion. And my title of my apartment. And you're, you're certainly entitled to your opinion. And that's basically what Harry Bellafonte said as well. And it's obvious, this is why nobody returned your calls. Uh, Heather or whatever your name is. Because we knew that you were trying to stir up a bunch of crap and take something out of context. When I asked you, I don't think did anything to be in the house. Did you listen? Did you listen? We're not doing it. We're not doing it. I'm not doing it. It's my show and I'm not going to have you scream over me. You're trying to out talk me. Okay. Okay. You know, I asked you in the beginning of the conversation, which I was very calm. And I asked you, did you hear me explain the origin of that song, the rest of Tussan song, The fact of the matter is that I don't, I'm sure he must have been on your channel, Randall Kennedy, the Black author who wrote the book, Nigger the Strange, Career of a Travel Sam word. Not that I'm aware of. Well, he was certainly on CNN. He was on MSNBC. Maybe he was on Fox because he wasn't out. I don't know. Maybe he just didn't. We're in a where of it. Mm-hmm. Oh, you, we all have had questions for you. Are you aware of that book? You portray yourself to be this sort of liberal voice. But yet you're, Ma, I don't portray, I don't put labels on me. I'm, for example, Okay. I'm going to call you up then. I am, myself, a human being. You see, you people on Fox, it's this old liberal and a conservative, that's stuff when I would hide button shoes. I'm making living and bringing you being in a video. In addition to why do I have to add Miami Florida, answer to some assholes in New York, on Fox News, how I do my show. What is it your business? There are a lot of people who can. There are people in Miami. They care about this too. Who are they? Who are they? Name me one person. My name is concerned about it. But we know down there certainly. Name me one. Name me one. Name me one. It's offensive. Name me one. Name me one. Name me one. The very high advocate. I'm a guy. What you see? We don't like collier. Okay. Have a nice day. Okay. We're calling her whatever we feel like calling her. She's a public god damn figure. And blow it out your right way. And ask. And you and Bill. And by the way, a rally didn't make the number zero. Oh, no. God will use her. We really like to fuck you. Oh yeah. Fuck you. And I'll go. We really like to fuck you. We really like to fuck your fine. Looking fascist and the perfect little Nazi. I want to build their coffee through your soil panties. And the starting use. Looking slug and sweet. Lacking your lips like a copier's roast beef. Fuck you. And I'll go. We really like to fuck you. Oh yeah. Fuck you. Fuck you. And I'll go. We really like to fuck you. We really like to fuck you. Everything about your husband. We're gonna tell you. To the pitch. You want to tell you. You want to tell you. Three ways. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. The distant pigs roast puppy tree in your soil. I'll bet in taste like bubble gum. See you next time you need a story. Since it takes a little bit of a little to make you come. Fucks news here that. Oh, oh. We really like to fuck you. Oh, yeah. Fucks news here that. Oh, oh. We really like to fuck you. Was here Senator Dr. and Blot. I'd like to take this time to tell all good. The loyal Americans, the support our fearless leader. Are you left as coffee, bacon, facts of God ask yourself. What's it for all? Who's the real enemy of America? For his new Bush or Sodomy who say, Never mind I will summon a Sod as you just listen to me now. I know coward like this Tom Dacco. We think serving an air force strategic command. There are Vietnamists somehow defending our country. No sir. Like any other manly patriotic republicans. I've found a pleaded miniscurte and wave my colorful pompoms proudly. You can't have my heels, just like this. Whew. Whew. Radtacco's on my ankle socks back then. Whew. Whew. Hmm. I'm too old to do a split anymore. Whew. But I can still wave Mr. Clubin. Roth Roth. Just move off. Hold the back. Pull the back. Pull the back. Yeah. Push. Oh. That takes me back. Smiths and paid for it by corporate media giants who bring washers stupid ass. Music. And the fall was the quiet fall was the rabbit's weeps tonight. I sneak wide off. I get inside. I'll be beefed up hell. Moonlight. My song is where he, my hand is steady. I've got him in my side. Don't want to kill him. Just want to dwell him. I hope he's nice and tight. As I wemoe. I wemoe. I wemoe. I wemoe. I wemoe. I wemoe. I wemoe. I wemoe. I wemoe. I wemoe. I wemoe. I wemoe. I wemoe. I wemoe. Alright my tip. I've become an lakeside. But he's know where he is. Why hit my end because I'm kimchi and yesterday I was always hesitant about where I expected he was. Nowadays... I hate that much then I lose myself.... Although.. Huh? I called a lubricator about who I was calling a whitebe representation but fail in the paper Is it over? What kind of wabbit are they? Okay, I have some lock. Yeah. I have some lock. Some body locks and some solid color locks. Oh, wonderful. And I have a slightly or dough and I have two doors. What would it do off? It's not ready. Oh, okay. We have a farm. The hunt. And we like to play with the wabbit on a farm. You wouldn't happen to have any like little wabbit handcuffs. Did he want? Did he don't handcuffs? Did he put a wabbit? Yes. Yes. I don't know. I never heard of him. What? Well, we use them when we hunt them on the farm. We like to hunt the wabbits. And we take them and nail them to a twee brother is and it's skin and a wife. Uh-huh. They're one. Hello? And now I think that's what you don't do to these wabbits. I couldn't say you were ready. Well, we have a little game we play called our wabbit's must die. No, no, no, no, sir. I wouldn't say you were ready. I'm thirsty. I'm thirsty. It's good. I like to hunt the wabbit. Well, I don't care. You go out in the wild and you aren't rabbits. The fays aren't for teal. I like to put them in a little pin and then hunt them down and mercifully. Now, sir, I'm sorry. Then say you're ready. Sometimes we even spit them through the head with a wasty water. Oh, I need your love, John. Yes, you know, I'm through. I hope you need my love, John, Just if this box for you, oh, oh, oh, oh mean. Touch me. Use me. Brush me. I need my share of love, John. Eight times a day. I love you every day, John. Just look straight out of the blinds. I think this is my best. I get a tight shot of my behind. Oh, oh, oh mean. Touch me. Use me. Brush me. I need my share of love, John. Eight times a day. Eight times a day. It's just a low-ball average. Eight times a day. It's just a low-ball-ball-ball. Ooh, I need your love, John. Yes, why is this week for you? I hope you need my love, John. What house payment do? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh mean. Touch me. Use me. But me, I need my share of love, John. Eight times a day. Eight times a day. To teach my husband how to. Eight times a day. It's good to see you that it quail. Then make everyday, John. You're always on my tail Make me scream for a thing, Johnny Cause soon I'll be in jail Oh, hold me touch me Use me, must me I need my share of love, John Eight times a day Eight times a day Eight times a day E-R-E-C-T-I-O-N If you record the ride I'm gonna pick off my shoes strip off my dress It makes me wet when I see you get Open your legs, man That's too big for my mouth I wanted Mercenary and I'll come up to you And take it out my lubricated poops To give me an airwax done And nail me to the wall E-R-E-C-T-I-O-N I wanna drink your ball I want your love and walk me out of you When you shoot a short of me And then I'll get it a blow Give the morning it gets And take it this I'll leave them till you take up This I wanna wrap on it around Your cool thing too And make your wonder where they're flowing through That's probably right, John And it's on circumfired E-R-E-C-T-I-O-N I wanna drink your ball E-R-E-C-T-I-O-N I wanna drink your ball Goodbye Chris Barley You great big fatty Always acting like a great big fat dump Re-tard And every film you've ever made To that poor David's fate His career could fade cause All he has left is that label TV show He won't be making bloody movies no more And you wanted to be just like John Maloohee And have drawn who can these tunes You finally made it But we're not too careful what you wish You gave us lots of laughter on Saturday night But you were way too young to die To commit that man to a side Goodbye Chris Barley What did you eat too? Blood like a big balloon It ain't like a fool That would only bring you certain death The farmers are upset And all you left was some cable movies And a few pairs of your pants That will fill to make a mutated poose And you wanted to be just like John Maloohee And have drawn who can these tunes You finally made it But we're not too careful what you wish Your happiness can hold up the arrows That's it Be quiet Now you reach the pizza in the sky You got so fat you die Chris Barley the night they had some blood And they're one of the One of the tabloid shows last night The night before he croaked How much heroin I've heard heroin and coke and Fish food and whatever else he was doing all together and vodka on top of it just to make sure Wash it down. You got to wash it down with some good vodka. That's right. That's what Boris said Fat enough It wasn't fat enough that he was doing a heroin but he was doing coke too So he's dead Chris Farley there you go, but I mean this this guy comparing I mean Oh, yeah, they're getting away with enough as it is who cares about that Why don't we get all upset if they're beaten up their wife and their girlfriend why don't we get upset about that How come nobody gave a crap at the Jimmy Johnson sign of Lawrence Phillips who's up and but a goddamn gangster How come they're nobody cared about that? But we're concerned if he passes a drug test or not that really concerns me whether he's smoking marijuana Not what he's gonna be beaten women up all over the place What kind of mentality we be talking about in this country man? We're talking about people to just they can't sit down and look at this thing rationally because most of them are emotional cripples emotional cripples Is crap about the NBA is gonna do pot testing David Robinson says oh yeah, we should all subject to what it's a no brainer The NBA has a no brainer okay. It's for a bunch of illiterate freaks is what it is David Robinson You asshole here's Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing okay? Well, heads are I'm listening. Okay. Well anyway on the second hand smoke with the marijuana I have a friend who basically Binance mode because of the government watching over him yeah, and the enjoys Burning every couple of times so when he went to get a mandatory You know pissed us and he came back positive he's pulled the his Parasional officer he's like oh no, I was in a room with a bunch of people smoking yeah And the probation officer gave him a bunch of like I got a great bit for bulk of Brian by the way to the tuna second hand rose second hand smoke, but anyway Anyway, he says that the British officer gave him a bunch of evidence about how much second hand smoke you had to be in Exposed to for you to come back positive for even a minute slow-man you'd had to be in a room that was fogged up a couple of hours, you know Constantly breathing it yeah, and I mean if you smoke pot in the bath at any point if you like to smoke that stuff And you're in a room and they've been smoking for two hours You're gonna tell me you're not gonna take a hit or whatever and I mean snowboard So so let me ask you so what if you did well. No wait. Oh, I want to hear this about snowboarding What's here this? Oh, I mean snowboarding and the Olympics who is not gonna think that these snowboarders are not Put at it. Give me a thing all these guys are much But edit so yeah, I mean they are the biggest burnout all the surfers I knew in high school Yeah, surfers and snowboarders there you go. Oh, I love your logic man. This is great. I mean it's just follow the bouncing dots here We go from a to z to t to The FU okay great great job, pal excellent that could have been the greatest call in history. Oh man Those pothos chronic potheads man. Oh snowboarders. I want to about Sandwich Merler the curler I wonder what she's doing. She's probably got her hair up in curlers that bitch Oh and Sweden by the way. I want to curl women's curling match against Canada. Oh my god The Canadians like 95% of all curlers in the world are Canadians and they already lost one match between that and maybe losing this gold medal They may never come out of hiding. They may like start doing like the Eskimos and build igloo's and go inside and never come out Come out. Oot. Here's a mobile lady and Holly would. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Good morning. I've this is the first time I'm calling you However, I've listened to you for years and I do admire many of the things that you say But however, I take issue a little bit this morning with the pot testing with regard to your employment. There are some situations where it is very dangerous to smoke pot Particularly if you like to drink beer lunch or even have a drink at lunch and you mix it with the pot There are things you can do that you normally wouldn't do like what well for example I know of a personal experience because I'm going to be an insurance agent and we have a very serious situation that occurred in one of our insured Business operation was a man did that just that at lunch time came back and an a job that he had been working on for ten years That's his hand in the mixing that and cut it off all right Excellent. Well, let's teach him. I guess you won't be doing that again. No, I guess he won't so what's the problem? Well, the problem is that drug testing on the job is in many cases very important And so if you smoke pot, you shouldn't be doing it while you're working I mean maybe if you're working in a job Well, wait a minute. You said you shouldn't be doing it if while you're working, but if if it stays in your system for like up to a month How do you know what when you're doing it? Suppose you smoke it recreationally on a weekend at home now when you're on a job Well, I don't know very much about how long it stays in your system. I just got through telling you up to a month What about your testing after lunch? Yeah, that's right. How about boost testing after lunch? Let me tell you something as those kind of stuff I'll well breathalize your test after lunch. Well, I don't I mean, where do we stop this insanity is when I say? Actually, I really do believe that we have become insane with testing except that in the case of drugs It is a very important thing in some situation I'm not saying that we should be testing everybody for everything because we're losing totally our rights in this country We don't have any rights in this country. We have a right to be oppressed by a fascist police state is what we have I don't have any rights. This is in a free country. It's a joke Hey, listen, we still have the right to talk to you about these things which makes it a right Unfortunately we're limited as to what we can say Debbie, you still got to watch your language or the word police are gonna come down and they'll take you away That's something else again. I don't agree with that either I think if you want to say follow things you can say them and that shouldn't be oppressed by anybody and whether it's on the radio or TV or wherever But the point is that they're I don't know if you agree to this completely maybe impartially you agree that there are certain situations We are drug testing whether it be marijuana or heroin or whatever is an important factor I would say if you're working in a candy store Then they definitely should be able to drug testing you want something or in any kind of arrest route They don't watch you on the profits right don't a chop that would be the one have a great day sweetheart We have an open line in date 5 6 7 5 60 and Pong 5 60 because God forbid if you smoked weed like two weeks And to go and you had a beer for lunch today We know that you are a danger to society God forbid pizza chef or delivery boys Definitely yeah, that's right Chinese food delivery. Oh, I don't tell a ways he would never and he didn't have to smoke weed How do you like that and he still had the monkeys? He was a hungry boy. He was just a big chubby hungry guy That's all and he ate all $40 worth of Chinese food on the way back to the house Can you imagine if they tested radio management for alcohol after lunch? Oh, yeah, I've they went up there right now Oh my god how about brain testing for management? That sounds good to me Of course where there's no sense there's no feeling Here's North Miami hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, you doing the ill great I have a question. Yes. I have two questions and then I want to see them in my guitar How come you can't get ice cream like did it leave here because I have a lot of pistach I don't need a lot of ice cream, but man I used to eat I eat it every day and Italy the stash or ice cream And a lot of those Sergio Latto is not ice cream. It's gelato. It's made. It doesn't have all that cream It's not all at the chalk and artificial crap. It's made from all natural stuff and they don't make it here There you know once in a while a place will come along and try to make good gelato And even if it is good the public's taste here is so bad because the busy and wires and seal says and eat These that those places go out of business And I used to I mean I've I don't I don't I'm in an ice cream But I was eating it every day twice a day. Yeah, I mean every little shop had it well When I go to Italy, I eat it a lot and the ice cream too Hey I have a question for George you can't you have this commercial called feet field extreme watches was it his voice on it? Yes Yeah, he apologizes profusely for it too And about let me ask you a question if this guy would have been from Amsterdam where it's legal the smoke pot What were they gonna say to the guy? Well, you know, it's interesting because of Merid that now that is a good point marijuana They were just saying on CNN that marijuana is not among the substances listed at the Olympics is being illegal But that it reverts back to the country and the laws there so if it were one of the Dutch players in like a soccer player Of course, and I play no soccer in the winter a little bit, but whatever the Dutch competitors are ice skater Uh, then it would not be a problem. How do you like that? And Canada says that's blatantly unfair in a bunch of crap and they're requiring foul Hey I don't think that's very fair. How do you like that? How do you like them green apples, huh? Those green apples So I say that this guy this uh, Graziano or Greg Gabrielli, I say you should move to how Amsterdam would be a good idea Hey, there you go, at least you'd never good time And as far as our drug testing in the workplace, yes, tell they can figure out At the weekend drug testing at the moment know how much you've had at that particular moment I think they should just band it all together because there's no way that you're gonna tell me what I have to do in my house In my car, or when I do at any time that I'm not at work because I only work for them for eight hours Met the rest of my day, so that's the bottom line. Look next thing they're gonna be doing fish food testing Hey there you go. Yeah, why don't we just survey and let's see uh let's pay your facts I want you to visit see how much food you've been eating right exactly I mean, what do you want to draw the line you know what I mean? Let me get a cute tip and check this woman mouth maybe she's been giving more of sex to somebody in the parking lot Oh, yeah, now you're talking okay have a great day pal. You do okay sounds like a job he wants I did that one time about 15 years old and they're arg Welcome to the Clear Channel Collective you have been assimilated Resistance is futile and will result in your termination We know what's best for radio and you will be required to assist in the assimilation of all relative radio stations irrelevant radio stations will become all news and left to die Since talents is expensive they will be transported to what we believe are relevant radio stations with smaller Modages and scattered in a network of confusion and by the time they are rendered helpless The collective will have already disposed of them for profit Now grab that right man and repeat after us We know what we're doing We know what we're doing We know what we're doing You Hi there boys and girls today we can have very express special friends stop and buy She was all about something in this special Oh By something I wanted to show you I wonder what it is it looks like it looks like I got the pussy Let's be back boy Can I touch it? Sure go ahead Run your hands That's that's so Hey, like you're real Hey, what's this right here? That is my ball pipe What are you doing with the blow pipe? You blow it lad The blow You blow it Hey, you put your mouth around it and your blow Oh, can I do that? Hey, would you like to blow my pipe lad it? Oh, can I? Sure, give it Okay Come on lad You got the foot your mouth around it No, don't be afraid. It's not gonna break I like like this Hey, that's a boy Stick it on the way down your throat Bigger Hey, it means you're doing it right What's this over here? Let's meet Chanda What do we do with her? What you do with that lad is you put your bow hands on it You cover the hole and you're running your hands up and down the shaft real quick Oh, hey Hey, run your hands up and down it there No, what you want to do lad is you want to blow on the pipe You want us Queez the bag nice and gentle and then you want to run your hands up another shaft real quick All together all at the same time Okay, here we go Oh, good lad Hey, that's good lad Sure Hey, it's good lad Heat low one Go harder laden Hada Squeeze the bag Squeeze low on Keep running your hands up another shaft Keep it, pass on Run your hands up another shaft Keep low Keep low Keep low Keep low Keep doing your play I'm up now I'm up now Keep going Keep going Keep going You can do that again After the kids should be better, maybe I've been listening to what we do I am for a shot of five to six years And I've watched the morning show evolve and everything And I have a problem I'm taking my kids to school And the thinking commercial for For the guy that curses Nasty nasty things And there is no warning it just blurt out Fuck you And you can hear the belief you can hear the Fuck You know and you can hear the ventamin is voice And you know I don't have a chance to turn off my radio Quick enough Now I heard it You know I had a problem again the other day I can't explain that stuff to my kids I've been listening to this station for a long time And I think you're ruining it I infiltrate it with this nasty language And I don't know what I can do But I just thought I'd better call you And tell you it's different with Hank If Hank calls someone a son of a bitch He just heard the guy act like a son of a bitch And there's a reason for it But the other guy with his fart And his asshole and just the way he curses He's ruining your first team And I think Joe Roche is stand up And get this off his program Because there's a lot of people like me That are you know have children and not And I just don't like to hear someone say piss off On my way to work Piss off gets me fired up when I hear someone say that And I don't think it's appropriate You know if you're going to have to ask you a little program in the middle of your day Leave it there To make you out of program It's you mean doc in it And it really insults my intelligence And you know that's not clear I don't know what is I'll talk to you later This is Debbie Oh, hi Debbie I'm interested in getting some operations done Okay And some body contouring and some liposuction Mm-hmm And there's wondering if you get some tummy tuck And the lip augmentation has medical breast Sizzardy face lift All of these things Mm-hmm There's wondering More like steroids Well I need to get everything done Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my uh my thing Okay, we don't do that No Could you do breast implants though? Uh, I can't be done I don't know. They would be right away The lotion in the basket Mm-hmm How much? Uh five thousand Excellent I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too And there's a surgery Mm-hmm Have the lamps stop crying yet? Mommy Excusory Don't hurt mommy's little baby It works for the lotion in the basket I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV Okay Can you make me look more like a woman? Well we'll have to see you first And there if I'm looking at you we can tell you that one we see you Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts? Mommy? Uh, if you'd like to It works for the lotion in the basket Would you like to make it a point now? Yes Okay Um There is a hundred dollar consultation fee That's fine Okay Okay Um My name is Puffer O'Bell Okay, let me get a little more information from you okay? Mommy, mommy you It works for the lotion in the basket I understand It works for the lotion in the basket Do you want to come in for a consultation for the... It works for the lotion in the basket Okay Do you like to make it a point later? Do you want to call me back? Yeah, it works for the lotion in the basket I understand I got my skin suit in the bag like this Uh Bill It works for the lotion in the basket I understand that Would you like to make it a point later? It works for the lotion in the basket It works for the lotion in the basket Okay I will talk in the trim okay It works for the lotion in the basket No They say I love his tapoo That what we're doing is wrong But I don't care what they say Because my love is so strong They tell us we should be ashamed We're not husband and wife But I cherish each moment with you I'm so glad you're in my life You're my prison bitch My prison bitch You're not like a the man I'm glad we share a prison cell When lights go past etting I can't accept who I feel Now that would be a crime As long as I am doing you I don't mind doing time Call to a bar Prison bitch My prison bitch And I have no regrets I got you for a candy bar And a pack of cigarettes At first you were resisted But now you're all my friend I knew that I would get you in the end So, where you are prison bitch Prison bitch I guess that you were sent from above Oh, oh, oh, oh Prison bitch Prison bitch Prison bitch And now you're all my prison girl I'm a prison bitch And you're a sexist Prison bitch I don't really have a one request I got some of the police Shut up! I'm tired of this prison cell I'm here to get away And the sentence made you seven years Now seven times again I'm your prison bitch You're not like a woman I'm not like a woman I really hate these markers That the judge will not back I thought that I could break away But now I lose in hope And that I'm brought up here in the castle And now you're all my prison bitch Prison bitch And you're all my friend I'm here to get away Prison bitch And you're a prison bitch Prison bitch And when I get out I'm ready to go straight I know my prison bitch My prison bitch My prison bitch I'll never say goodbye You're not like all the others Too bad they had to die On the second top I'm here to get away If you want me to Your prison bitch Is never leaving You You You That person would not sell me But now you're my soul man I'm so proud of you I'm not like all Now I know what to call you I'm here to get away You're not like all the others The poor kid You You You You And you're the You're from You're the one You're the one You're the one Jeans Come You It's me You're I just love this Cookings Cookings Don't It's me In you Is Are you sad that shoes could only serve? Of the way you wash and walk the wide his cars? George, did you know, say he trust you, Who can't believe you? Truth and allies of the greedy oil alone? But then he make you clean all the white house bathroom. But the pussy, the toilet, and then scrub the floor. They dare you, go with sandals. God don't you go. Your phone keeps going, they'll make them all over it and you. You're not being naked. Look you slide, it'll be felt wrong. If you'll be what you'd be that dope in school. On the wild you'll be stepping back and you'll be alive. That they'll clean you just like your ester-roll. That when your head will move from touch to touch under the snow. And till bullshit from here, they'll be crack on asshole. Oh, don't make me angry. Oh, go away. You look like I'm lying. Oh, I'm not making you so trivial. Look at the noise. Oh, it might be before. Oh, will you buy more of my records? Oh, this year, I know. To sum more of my records. Oh, my face is still rolling. Punch it, kick it, sail it, fall down. I'll drop this baby on the ground. Do sell records. Oh, no. I'm missing my grip. Oh, the baby dangles the frat. Oh, as I fold it up the window. Oh, I can still drop the frat. Dying in the baby up the window. Oh, I'm a better man, as you know. And I might just let it go. Now, it's way too young to school. Oh, my records. Nothing. It's dangling. Oh, my records. Oh, my face. Oh, my clothes. Oh, my clothes. Oh, my clothes. Oh, my clothes. I took your business. Oh, I took your clothes for the leaf vomiting. They feel the beauty of being right for me. Now I can't get enough job. Cos I overdog gore fever, coz sleep at night. Can I hug me as the red dust? How can I make excuses? Come on, Arizona. But my heritage says that okay Jamie my name to chew, throw me, try to do Send the quota in a can and let me I remember when I was stealing All the white men's cars hanging outside The filming their bath, trying to blues our barbedee White girls got snowed y'all foe me and time Photobomical tip my life of James now Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah Got to grow in cell mode, record it Track open, track open, track open Track open, track open, track open Track open, track open, track open Loading what a bar in song Abonix makes me sound funny Got snuckled to do with literacy Now I got to make more money They've a poo sound good to me I got plenty of nothing Abonix ain't getting me anywhere Maybe I'll mugging a old white bitch Still a purse and full of hair Then I gonna take some money By a stereo and a fridge it down I remember when I was stealing All the white men's cars hanging outside The filming their bath, trying to blues our barbedee White girls got snowed y'all foe me and time Photobomical tip my life of James now Got to grow in cell mode, record it, track open Track open, track open, track open Track open, track open Track open, track open, track open Track open, track open Track open, track open Track open Some rice, fages, not the place you should drive We go much slower than you Some rice, fages, it can make you can drive They're up to ca-ca-cutes You can't! Depends is what covers your eyes So we don't stay on double in flight tracks We're done, done, rice, fages It can make you can drive Beware of the early flight Some rules Oh, you're not kidding You might find someone's birthday in my school Don't know what's the thing Can we try to think of a thing We're going to win our team We're all awake We're all in danger We're just running, spazes It can make you can drive So, dad, what's the good Q-tip that you're driving You can do it It's you, my heart has been empty And you lose ribs, you can't do goodbye I've got a little hot and get my fly Some rice, fages My little smile, fages, we die And it's gonna happen soon Some rice, fages Nice fasper and it's your life And I thought I'm gonna do you Or I can't avoid my death drama Yea yes We cross the river We've got an hour Where are we going now, Rd I'm shy, son I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, we cut it away, fight liberally when I was circumsaws, somehow it grew back on me, amazingly open nice, my ims back up to a hang-in like a fruit flyorebe del ei bhtle mest I'm holding my hand back, I'm holding my hand back, I'm holding my hand back, I'm holding my hand back, I'm holding my hand back, I'm holding my hand back, I'm holding my hand back, I'm holding my hand back, I'm holding my hand back, I'm holding my hand back, I'm holding my hand back, I'm holding my hand back, I'm holding my hand back, I'm holding my hand back, I'm holding my hand back, I'm holding my hand back, I'm holding my hand back, I'm holding my hand back, I'm holding my hand back, I'm holding my hand back, I'm holding my hand back, I'm holding my hand back, I'm holding my hand back, I'm holding my hand back, I'm holding my hand back, I'm holding my hand back, I'm holding my hand back, I'm holding my hand back, I'm holding my hand back, I'm holding my hand back, I'm holding my hand back, I'm holding my hand back Oh, Look at this eyes is almost doubled, Oh my bean They're my polt fact, yeah, yaaaaa Ayyyyyyyy Lse products back down White masks, sok what they're built in burns out Ayyyy, Lse prices back with good fact in that ulcer, they're razzi, okay Little like that I look the trucks now I don't see this. Entice of beautiful horn is campaigning, this is take nine Mmm, hey hey, hey hey That's Amazing Wayin... Wayin' as you c Oh, no. Rack. Anytime you're ready. We're ready to wait. Oh. Hi. This is Dwayne's stomp of Black Tiff. Telling you, if you do drugs this weekend, don't drive. Wrong again, Dwayne. It's don't do drugs. Don't do drugs. That's what I said. Oh, it's not. I've been closer what you said. You coming in as Booth, I show you how close it was, sheer luck. We're going to do it again, Dwayne. Say, don't do drugs. If you must drink this holiday weekend, do not drive. Take 12. This is Dwayne's stomp. Weekends are for drugs. Do drugs. Okay, Dwayne, thank you very much for coming in. I think with a little editing, we've got something we can use. Don't do drugs. And if you must drink this holiday weekend, don't drive. The Booth is coming. And going on Georgia. Do a Christian arena here you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm from Coosec in 4Mahead. Coosec in 4Mahead. I'm 26th in 4Mahead. I'm Coosec in 4Mahead. Coosec in 2Mahead. I do not know where it is. I do things I really just do. And I do my studies too. There's what I have ordered so to go. And I got a bread through party hunt. Where there's the erectory party at. I got a bread through party hunt. Where the erectory party hunt. If you want to know something about your boat, I wear a suit. Really? Veget you have a light completely five times. My press group, with a picture of basically three exhaust wall Carrier Supercoose and West Iya Things like sexometer, extraterrestrial and fanceless or distant ackling. Or like this or something in the sky. When you're sorted. DEMO., Jarn. Yes, get down with the man who put the dizz in his functional. M.C. Stammer! It's the album that spotted his way to the top of the charts. Please, have a don't hurt yourself. Just say it! M.C. You get unable to touch this. Have you seen? You'd hurt. And the Stammer's leg is smashed. You got to. And you're hurt. But critic, agreeing about M.C. Stammer. Billboard says, spitting out. M.C. M.C. Stammer, Billboard says, speed it up. M.C. The season for Jutsu. And Evan is says, say, what helmet? And M.C. Oh, damn helmet. Please, have a don't hurt yourself. Available everywhere on CDs, record and take. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey! Oh, it's nerve! Mr. Mouse? What the hell are you doing to me? What do you mean sir? Why am I reading in the paper? You're going to put a busy theme park in Brooklyn? Well sir, we're just scouting locations. Jesus, I'm scouting CEOs, you are killing me! What sir, we've done with New York City Times Square. Wait a second, please. In on! Reem it! Reem it! Reem it! Turn off the vacuum cleaner, Reem it! Get the blue burn all of here! Okay boss. If it's... If it's... If it's sir, look what we've done with Midtown Manhattan. 42nd Street is incredible. I know what publicly I support it that. But you took all the part away! You killed me! I'm going through Gavoscom like Peds. We're just scouting areas calm down. What will they bought lunch? Don't tell me to calm down. We got lucky with Leelo and Stitch. $128 million. No! You're trying to ruin the whole Midwork. We're going to pro-grimming are you running? No, no, no. Hang on a minute. 3 months? Yes, we're going to. You got blue burn crap all over your shoulder! If it's clean or soft up or heaven safe. And head off the module cleaner. Okay, boss. Good. God. Sir, the network is fine. Why couldn't you come up with American Idol? Good God, if you're still running James Bob movie, they're 60 years old. Why don't you just put Steve on really? They don't want to. We do. I make a couple of damn dollars. Well, the movie division's fine. You mentioned Leelo and Stitcha now we have the new M&I Chumman movie coming El Lado and Summer. Oh, I got signs. What the hell does that mean? Stop sign, you'll sign. You're going to start swinging somebody's final pass me. Please. Wow. What do you mean? Grave. Grave. Grave. Get it, you both. I know you can't hear me. Grave. You're still running a parking lot. Yes, I'm not going to run the bank. Get all of your way. Let's take that blue picture. All right. I'm sorry. I'd be very careful the next time I started my car. Why were you? What do you mean? I've got done with you. What? I've done. Sir, I'll put him on your job. But sir, you're terrible. I'm sorry. They didn't want to win us in there. I don't like to be president of Disney remiss. What a wonderful day. Get out of here. You're not back. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. I'll wait till she starts as my 90. Grave. Grave. I'd like to have you all my body. When it comes to any day, there's no way you've got to win for the steam up of four minutes. I've been doing this long and in time you'll have you take it. Even though I love you so much, you'd best stay out of my brain. Grave. Grave. You know that I think you're a honey. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. I stumble in that bumble just to talk is really hard. Without free written notes from power over Andrew Card. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. Grave. People Jewish every day just like those drug lords banned for shoot by O.J. Kaden Bush Do don't care what I'm doing Kaden Bush And I thought I was stupid The media controls how you do what you told the Kaden Bush If you didn't see it on TV and it's real The media is an art control with storage there are spinners No matter what goes wrong The will just blame it all on please Kaden Bush I don't have no interest going down Kaden Bush Come on a higher ball of ground Is that I can't wouldn't know how These are moral grouters As the fuck founder King I'm not a baby I'm not a baby I'm not a baby I'm not a baby The way does it get me the same Not till they fix your glad I'm not a baby I find it turned eight days And I'm scantily glad Yeah, all you want to do is me Not a baby But I'm really hot Well with pickles I'm not a tear I used to be And there's this schoolgirl dress Where your body is for money When you think of what you do to me Remember that I'm Legal baby that's no crime Just for you to dance to the sheep A sweet and fun with having a beat Jump the guy that you would be Sister King To dance to the sheep Sister King is a killer thing That he can't lick doctorate Or it out who ain't you mean She can shake that tasty meat She was crying inside of blinded mind Looking like a real cool dance to fools Look at her nose Swing in high and low With a more damn model old tool Sister King, the dance is pushing Dancing in the only thing She'll knock you off your feet When you wear her well and shake I got a bad habit of jumping like a rabbit When the music turns me on I know it sounds happy about a joke That damn happy that you win It is gone Sister King, the sweet and fun A shaken fountain full of fun That ain't bad for 85 Then send luck in really five Sister King is a killer thing That dance to the sheep She is a killer thing That dance to the sheep Sister King is a killer thing That dance to the sheep Sister King is a killer thing Sister King is a killer thing That dance to the sheep Sister King is a killer thing That dance to the sheep Sister King is a killer thing Sister King is a killer thing Sister King is a killer thing Sister King is a killer thing Sister King is a killer thing Sister King is a killer thing Sister King is a killer thing Sister King is a killer thing Sister King is a killer thing Sister King is a killer thing Sister King is a killer thing Sister King is a killer thing Sister King is a killer thing Sister King is a killer thing Sister King is a killer thing Sister King is a killer thing Sister King is a killer thing Sister King is a murderer thing Sister King is a killer thing Sister King is a killer thing Sister King is a killer thing Sister King is a killer thing Sister King is a killer thing Sister King is a killer DIARY Sister King is a killer thing Sister King is a killer deil Sister King is a killer bill Sister King is a  animal Sister King is a killer Sister King is a killer dodginguhl Sister King is a hero Sister King is a human Sister King is a hero Sister King is a hero Lord, I'm only by you take me away Oh, I'm just a chicken-on-on, a chicken-on-a-ficking-dell-a With my friend, I'm... Lord, I'm just by you, I'm just by you Tell my chain, Christ the most care Don't worry, it's the same All that good of you would get a toast to you The time at her age, she must be in pain Just to give her rest in my bones When we were my wife or Eve, we were long We've talked it over, and I never waited I just wind up slipping through the morning again Oh, and so I jump on a bench you'll rain Waiting for the lonely part of your way Oh, you're just a chicken-on-a-ficking-dell-a With my friend, I'm... There is, to the campfire of the way, the old man is making a living Oh, and so I'm going to try to shoot my... Welcome back to the glittering legendary of the Mohawan in David's show We have a full duck at today That included the cavalcade of our ticket at the late Ibu's You know that pipe smoke is still at it What? Why'd we sing into those songs? Make it fun of me! They make fun of me all the time, I don't know Why'd they do the door? Yeah, they're everything will be alright, bro It's a hint of me, a fairy, you queer! Yeah, don't jump up! Real men don't touch, only during the game! Yes, Mr. They want singing, I'll give them singing, get on a piano, I'm in there! Okay, ma'am! Now, hit it! Back in my day, men were straight! The day is new today! That's why I care the dollar raid! She's got slid gaze! Sport holes were in David's back there! Stop it, you moron! What's the matter, Moh? My wing fell off, I guess. Okay, all right, where were we? Sport holes were in David's back there! Oh, I'll take it from here! They're guys that like the worship men! Click, think we won't see for the door, Way live in that of my game! Didn't mean to sooth our state to this! Or to ticko hairy taint! Jesus Christ, I really hate! Jesus God, slid gaze! Hi, Felicia! Gee, I love your dress, and your hair looks so shiny and manageable! Are you still shampooing with head and shoulders? Gosh, chick! I've got busy head and shoulders a long time ago. I mean, honestly, who grows hair on their shoulders anyway? Yeah, right. So, what are you using now? Well, it's like head and shoulders, only without all those added in. It's just called head! Let's tell them about it, girls! If you tie your dumps, oh, yeah! Yeah, yeah! I'm feeling good! Yeah, yeah! Just remember what I said! Yeah, yeah! You feel better if you get some head! Wow, where could I get that? Lots of places, chick! You can stop by my place later, and I'll be happy to give you some head! In 50 minutes, I'll have you shampooed, styled, and blown dry! You don't miss a link, do you? Pentsa, can you bring? But is it expensive? Not at all, chick! My brother says there are places downtown where you can get head for less than $10. Darling, at that price, everyone should be getting head! That's right, chick! When you say head, you set a mouth full of pie. I'm Dr. Raymond Felotti, get it. When for the violinist, you're to tell me why you should get head? First, it lubricates each limp hair bottle. Leading an erect listening shaft. Then the scalp's natural oils are sucked out of the root, leaving your hair soft shiny and exhausted. Nothing does the job like head! Great! Can I get head for my hairdresser, Bruce? Probably, but you might want to try your girl friend first. So up and in the head today, get head! And then work, go to normal way! Get head! You look better and you'll feel terrific! Get head! And you get head! You're a lucky step! What hair with lots of volume? Nothing gets it up like head. Available little price, you won't find hard to swallow, and it's going down every day. Connie, we're out of shampoo! Can you go out and get some head? What did you say? I said, I wanted to go out and get head! Oh, thank you, sweet Jesus! I'm going down down! And head makes a great holiday gift. Last Christmas, my wife gave me some head! Then I gave her a pearl necklace! I've never seen her so choked up! My girlfriend used to give me heads, and then we got married. Now I'm lucky if I get Durgen's lotion in a national group. I'm lucky, but I want to have a head! He doesn't go! My girl, I've got a team head in the shower! You'll want to have a head! No, no, no, no! I'm lucky! Say goodbye to my girlfriend! I can't ride straight ahead and feel it so can't you? That she never would've thought I'd said! I can't feel better than you get some head! Don't feel better than you get some head! Oh yeah! Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh! Oh, oh, oh! Head shampoo! Come on, give it a shot! My hair looks glorious! Oh, man! Can you use a nap? Yo, man, what's up with you? Go from a spoko! So anyway, let's do a mobile and west pombie, Chilo. Neil, can't disagree with you more about the pot smoothie. Okay, I'm an ex-pot addict from the age of 15 to 25. Yeah, I'm telling you, I was more dictating than cold than any of them. We had to... And we were dictating them in fish food too, I bet. Correct! I was just passing another room. Better take a sample by the way. Before we'd opt 38 now, I stopped 13 years ago, but before we played baseball, we smoked, before went to the movies, it's smoked. Yeah, we had sex, we smoked, before anything. We need a pot. We can do it without pot. Yeah. A lot of my friends are still on my mind. Well, let me ask you this, as much as I frown upon people who are like obsessed with pot, because there are people who are juvenile and sit around sifting and picking seeds all day, and I think that's a life. But nevertheless, we have to wait a minute! Wait a minute! Wait a minute! It's not just green stuff, that had no seeds in it. How did it affect your life? It affected it tremendously, because it opened the door too, and you're going to think this is joking. Open the door to Coke. It opened the door. One was on gay, yeah. Yeah. Once you violate your body, why don't you better never have a beer, because next thing you're going to be done. I don't... I never like beer, but I'm telling you, it affected me in the workplace, it affected me driving. I had a lot of eye on that. No, but they argue that it's the same argument as you better never have a beer, because then you're going to become an alcoholic, and you're going to start drinking, you know, that it has stick and vodka bottles in your pocket. I mean, there are always going to be people, and people no matter what you're talking about, they all go, it's the end of the world, they're going to go out and need it to be 500 pounds. Does that mean we should outlaw any foods that are fattening? No, no, but I've changed. I have two kids of my own now, and they're 14 and 11, and they're getting to that age, where I remember when I saw it, so you better stop. Yeah, no, no, no, no, I stopped a long time ago, but I'm saying now I'm overprotective. He can smell like his debris in his home. By parents of like George, there were refugees from Cuba that came down here. Well, no humans don't smoke, we know that. They didn't know any better, they were working 14 hours a day. I was alone at home, and all my friends did it. We did it, and I'm telling you, I'm telling you, they didn't know any, but I couldn't disagree with you more. I'm not testing for it, and I hope they keep it out of everything, because it's not fattening. I know that when I go over to Hollandman, every time I've only been an Amsterdam and I'm about 30 times when I go over there, it's a miracle that the country can function, you know it. I'm telling you, let me tell you something. While we were on it, we were less aggressive. Sir, let me ask you, have you ever been to Amsterdam? You've never been to Amsterdam. Well, get on a plane and go there, you might learn something. There's a pot-edic for you there, boys and girls, there's a good lesson for everybody. He's obsessed. It's like the fish food addicts. I say we go to publics right now, and may enforce them to take a run out of the freezer container, because we have fish food addicts already, and those people are going to kill themselves on that crap, because they're out of control. And let's close down every bar, because we got alcoholics. Let's bring back pro-abition, maybe let's prohibit everything. Then we got sex addicts. Just watch, uh, what's his name, Jerry Springer. He'll do 20 shows on it this week. Sex addicts. People who can't get enough. They're doing it. The NBA, they want to do drug testing. We got a guy, a Canadian, a jock. If a snowboarder can wear a jock strap, whatever it hell he was, this guy may lose his gold medal because he may have actually inhaled a little bit. Or may have actually smoked a little bit. Or may have actually walked through a room somewhere where somebody may have smoked it or not as the case may be. And they thought like a little trace in his score. Score, score. Yeah. And they're having a nervous breakdown now because they, you know, suit a fed. What else? What else can we test for in your system? Definitely have fish food testing because we know it makes your blood sugar go away. Up and you become irresponsible. And got only knows you're going to, you're not fit for driving. I wouldn't be surprised if they stop you at street corners. Now it's stop lights and they do on the spot checks blood sugar test. You know, they give you that little pin prick if I can say that. And yeah, look at my fingertips. Man, look at all those pinfrikes. That's right. When you dive at it, you have a lot of pinfrikes on the tips of your fingers. But at any rate, they're going to be starting doing that spot checks on street corners now. And if your blood sugar is like over 250, but yeah, you're a straight to jail. You're a menace to society. You're going to kill somebody out there. Airline pilot before you get on a plane. Make sure he didn't have no fish food before he took off. Here's the four-laterdale. Hello. Hello there. Yes sir. I guess I'd be in a cute collar since I'm a chronic. Okay. Anyway, I consider myself a well trained high-precision cynic. You agree with a lot of the things that you talk about. But in the United States, of course, what right we all have really is the right to be as irresponsible as you want to be. Until you reach a certain limit. And we have these freedoms when people sort of they abuse them. Until it starts costing somebody some money somewhere. And then they got to go and do something about taking that freedom away. But what does that mean? When is marijuana ever been decriminalized in America? Well, I mean, it hasn't. But the reasons for that. Are they tried prohibition with booze? That's your work for your well, didn't it? No. And it's a poor job. Work for your Kennedy real well. You can't expect our people to be responsible with the freedoms that they have. Like we have a small business. And we've got, you know, we do contracting an authority thing. And you got guys, they're not exactly the top model society. But they go out and they're doing physical labor for you. And they're climbing roof tops and things like that. And we've had cases in the past where people were on the influence of substances. And they've acted it. And then the customer. Well, if you're liable for, I can understand. And then you're talking about a physical right. I understand that. And then not only that, but the employee suits you too. You can know he was the one who was irresponsible on the job. So what do you do about that? Well, in that case, that's an exception. I wouldn't have any problem with that. I can see in the NBA where if a guy is stolen, he's not going to injure somebody out on the court. If anything, he'll take fewer shots. And he probably wouldn't beat up the coach. Well, good point. But the thing is, we have something that we do at work here. Not that it works, but it's in a tamped anyway. That's called a drug free workplace. And you start off your relationship with the business under the assumption that, you know, you're not going to, this isn't going to be something you're going to be doing on the job. So we're allowed to drug test before you start the job and that's sort of thing. And what's sad about this is it's amazing how many people who call up looking for a job. And you say, oh, but by the way, this is a drug free workplace. How many people show up, fill out the forms and then just never appear again. It's, it's huge. Well, but it's not that their choice. You just got to say, but you know, but the thing is, if this is going to be responsible for what it's employees do, then we have to know, we have to feel safe and secure that they're not going to be out right now. Yeah, no, I would have to do with that. I think that you got a, you know, you have a right because you're liable. And you have a right to make sure that they're not doing whatever might impair their senses, et cetera. But that's a very rare exception. If somebody's doing an office job at a desk unless, of course, they're making decisions. The decisions that, you know, are like national security risking something like that. Yeah, I can understand that. Yeah, or for radio equipment or something like that. Exactly. And I think it might help to have some drugs for these bastards over here. But the thing is, you know, once again, as a society, if the people aren't going to be responsible enough to be able to decide when they are or aren't going to use the substances, but you know, you know, something, you know, something, but you know something. Let me say something to you. And that is that as long as things are forbidden, when you go to Europe, there is no drinking age in any country that I know of in Europe. And yet as Italy, especially public drunkenness is frowned upon, a such an extent that, I mean, they would, they would come and beat the crap out of you. If they found you staggering around drunkenness, street, they would take you under cover somewhere and give you a lecture and sober you up and tell you better not to ever do it again. Or any, you don't, you don't have any problem of young people staggering around drunk or killing each other because they're drinking and driving. You don't have that. Now the French have it because they got a bunch of drunks over there to begin with. But I'm talking about in countries where they're generally socially responsible in a first place, like Italy and like Holland and those, you don't have that problem. There's no drinking age. There's no smoking age. There's no smoking age. There's no smoking age. There's no smoking age. There's no smoking age. There's no smoking age. There's no smoking age. But it's not that good. But it's not that good. Holland, which is the freeest country in the world. What does that have to do with it? It's the end of the culture they grew up with that kind of freedom in the US. There we go. That's why I just got through saying the end. So as the longer you make things for bitten, the more people want them. That's my point. Okay. Before I leave, or you cover it. I want to give you something. I don't know if you can use this as a cart, but I want to do a celebrity impersonation for you. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Okay. See it. Now that wasn't bad. Georgia was almost cute. It wasn't a very good consensus. Let's see. Mike from the Keys says it's too expensive. That's his opinion. He likes the little weed now and he said too damn expensive. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. What's up, Neil? Love your show. Thank you so much. Listen. It is kind of expensive. But I wanted to say this whole marijuana thing is just out of hand. I mean, the government, they must be some like babbling chimps, pushing some where they'll realize that marijuana is probably the safest in toxic on this planet. It's less harmful in alcohol. It has never been documented to give cancer like, you know, cigar and cigarettes. Yeah. I'm not complaining about the guard. And it doesn't send your blood sugar raising up like sugar does either. I don't know. Sugar. Aguirre and T.A. right now sugar was a lot more dangerous than marijuana ever can be. And I don't think they did any sugar testing on his Schmendrick gabriotti guy that this snowboard to the one-of-gold metal over there in Agano. Absolutely. I think it's blood sugar and see if he was doing fish food before he did the thing. Absolutely. And I like to go to a lot of this thing to be at the, I was wondering how come you didn't like our thing and big is the one that's asked you out as well. That's like my cigar of the guy. You know, I do like car shivigas. But I mean, it's, uh, they don't make him in next, which is my sponsors. So I'm not going to come on here to say hi. It's smoke car shivigas. Which one do you like in particular the, uh, the Galantes? You've ever had the English corona? Oh, I don't touch those English ones. Oh, yeah. The English corona is a fabulous, especially if you're rolling it open. Okay. Um, but thanks a lot, Neil. Okay, have a great day. Let's go to a Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how's it going? Great. We'll listen, uh, you know, a couple bad things. Unfortunately, marijuana is classified as a schedule one drug, which means it's right up there with cocaine heroin. Methinphetamine and, uh, Jerry Springer is perhaps the worst drugs of all mankind. Uh-huh. And fish food. And fish food. But, uh, you know, this is just the word for that guy. Was that guy cheating when he, there was a guy called in. He said, I run a workplace and I tell people that I drug test, but I don't really drug test. And then that just sort of weeded out the peat part in mind the point. I mean, weeded out the people that really don't want to. He said, well, what was it? What was that whole thing about? He said that he drug tested. No, he, he drug tested. He said that a lot of people come by and they fill out the application when they find out that it's a drug free workplace that they don't hear from them again. He said, all right. Well, I think he's a fascist because, you know, he's basically just got a bunch of people that were doing like yard work or something, you know. And if they're going up on roofs and things and he's responsibly, he's got the liability insurance for that. I can understand that. Uh, I don't know, man. I mean, if you're, if you're still looking, if you're still not any substance, I don't care what is. Uh, I don't want to be responsible for your work or driving or whatever else you're doing. You know, the thing is that they might not be up on the roof and be stoned at the same time. They might go home, watch Jerry spring or and then be stoned and then go back to work and be perfectly straight and still fail at miserable tests. Okay, it's an issue on now. What the hell was the point? I wasn't going to wait a while to get up to find out. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. Hi. How are you? Great. How are you? How are you? I'd be doing fine. I'd like to make a comment about the pot head that calls earlier that they've been for 10 years. Yeah. He said that the marijuana made him try other drugs. I think that he's been betrayed. Everyone else has been betrayed by all the uptake people in this country because they tell you that marijuana be bad for you and it's evil and all this stuff. And then when you try it and it's not that bad, you say, well, they lied about this. Well, maybe they lied about everything else too. Yeah. Deliciously different marijuana. Deliciously different marijuana. This poor guy's going to go back to Canada with his middle between his legs. Never be the same again because they found this little teeny tiny trace of marriage of weeny in his test. Neil? Yes. I say we all get on a plane, go to Italy and smoke a bullet. All right. See, the pop is over there. He's doing it. If it's okay for the pop, I'm going to say, what do you think that big puff of a a, over the Vatican is? That's not what you think it is. That's the celebratory smoke. Yeah. They're celebrating it all right. What do you think they keep burning incense? Covered up. That's why they do a lot of things. That's why they put those gowns on the covered up. That's why they wear those kilts in scall and baby. Covered up. We don't enter makeup in the car. I'm being taken the best of her. That you ever seen. Ask anybody in that neighborhood. They tell you this different tree where the country will go. Rustle man asked me to sell and from a mile away, you can detect these smell of smoke. Smoke can just smoke smoke. He liked the pop is Cliff and Tog. Smoke can just smoke smoke smoke. Smoke can just smoke smoke. They can just be good. You pick her a lot of her and the gun is sick. Smoke get every day until you're long storm like. With all the money that we have made. Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid. America and tourists come here and say, Got nothing like this in the US. They smoke smoke. Smoke can just smoke smoke. They like pop is Cliff and Tog. They begin to cough and choke. Smoke can just smoke smoke. They can just be good. Papa tell her son you are an awesome man. You like to smoke the giant stiff whenever you can. Then maybe put on me here for miles or round. The bite he will prove by the ounce and it comes. Rustle man said to her, Am I right? They can just be good tonight and then they smoke. Smoke can just smoke smoke. They like pop is Cliff and Tog. Smoke can just smoke smoke. Smoke can just smoke smoke. They can just be good. Papa. Why don't you go back to Canada and you too bash the blue. My queen. God. No. The aflac casting call. All right, Tom Broka. Aflac. Again Tom. One more time Tom. I'm losing a second part. One more. Next. My Tyson. My Tyson. Yes. My Tyson. Stop saying what I'm saying. I pay what I pay. I'm back. I'm back. I'm back. Next. Jesse Jackson. Black. The Aflac. Jesse I'm sorry but the duck is white. Next. Woody Allen. Just nuts. It means a duck that talks. Stay to the script, Mr. Allen. It's crazy. It's insanity. Great. The line please. Why would it duck speak? Next. The great Sean Connery. Sir. How welcome. Sir. Welcome. Sir. Just read the line please. Excuse me, sir again. Off. Sir. I'm sorry that's second part of the line I don't. I'm simply saying. Off. Next. Oh God. I guess we got Gilbert got freed over here. All right. Give it to me Gilbert. I'm black. One more time Gilbert. I'm black. Well Gilbert I pretty much hate you and I think you're terrible but you're the close thing we got. You got the job. Don't get in that Mercedes. Princess I were begging please. Harborazzi's coming. Happy you. You got a crash. And through a wall. No more rich guys for you. Princess I is gone. Princess I is gone. She's really going into a tunnel. Hello. What are you doing here? Can you help me? You're in a car. Is that a car? Yeah. Yes. What about you? What's up? Yes. I'm just a bit scared. I'm a little scared. What? I'm scared. Okay hold on. Just a second, okay? Yes. Hello. How's it? Yes. Yes. Yes. Who's speaking? Love? Ah, hello. Can you hear me? Yeah. You got a restaurant for sale? Yes. How much you want for the sun? Well you come here to look at the sun for the sun. I come over maybe eat dinner with you. Okay. Does that pricing include all the walks? Huh? Huh? Come on. Come on, Sun. Good, Chinese. Yes, Chinese. Okay. Yes. So, let's go. We're going. Go. Okay, I can't go. Go, go. Go. Yes. Go. No. Okay. Okay. I'll try to go. Okay. Go. Uh, you know. You know exactly exactly, right? Go. Go. Go. Go. Okay. Yeah. Okay, I'm gonna go to the car. Okay, I'll be right there. Okay, I'll send them to the car. Then they'll let them go. I'll just go get drunk. WIOD. Oh, Neil. Oh, Neil. Oh, Neil. Oh, God. What power then else presidents, they man? I'm the most powerful god day man in the world. Yes, I am. Oh, Neil. Oh, God. What power then else presidents, they man? Yeah, I'm the most powerful god day man in the world. I'm so moved. I'm a little bit more than a maid of a sea for a long time. I'm a little bit more than a maid of a sea for a long time. Thanks for never being here. We get that taste of smell. I mean, for a while, he needs to be for a set of billboards, poison is cut to your circuit side. They procedure is widely performed on any sort of anesthesia. I don't think so. I have no prep here. I'm bad always. Oh, it is good. Neil, God. Oh, Neil. Oh, it is hell. I am the most powerful god day man in the world. Oh, it is good. Neil, God. Oh, it is hell. Oh, it is hell. I am the most powerful god day man in the world. I will not say tonight's vlog, but for any other company that perpetuates this kind of behavior. You jacked out the big house. Yeah, you heard the big house. You got a big house. And me again, this is an all-you-unproductive tour. Yeah, yeah. You don't have a bullsbuck on the pile. Hey. I know much about you and I won't. I know that the floor even worked on you, right? Father of two. God. Oh, it is a very powerful day man. Yeah. There. God. How's that angel? Come on. I have no idea. I don't assume my job is well when I'm done. I don't think that is great radio. I am that him right. So we have a longer score than a street's a crab. Look at this. Look how short this is. I'm going to stick this cord in. I'm going to cut it right up his hand. Okay. Oh, no. This place operates like a freaking hot house. It really does. I want to be left to freak alone. Okay. I don't man in mind. But just got a thought that they made to look spectacular. Oh, God. God. God. God. He just threw me on. He's doing that. It's a gift against our parents. God. God. God. God. God. What power is that? Oh, president. I'm the most powerful God they're man in a world. So we'll be correct. We go back in the church. Young man. Now that you have come out, I said, young man. Go and join the boy's house. I said, young man. Maybe if you go down, you get stuck. You bang, shoulders, shoulders, don't frown for us. This is where they'll go. You can't join them. And hang out with the whole most. You can't stand there. And soon you will find the strange feeling. And you're behind. You are. You are. You want to be a foreshadow. And be gay. Those are pre-porn I say. It's okay. They have everything. That on your nation. You can play with the chut. Those wood is fun to be a foreshadow. And we get with this successor. What do you mean? Where are they? But those brown you look for. What the hell is the deal? Can we get some thing in tea, you know? Oh, I'm tummy. I'm tummy. Saying for the best high food and the best service. As long as you're not black, Comment down to Thai Tommy or South Beach. We're not like black people. They don't keep well. Besides, white black people want to eat Thai food anyway. We don't have fried chicken on the menu. Oh, wait. I forget. We have a spare ribs. Good thing. I told you. But as fair as our menu, they tell you. So if you're not black, Comment down to Thai Tommy. Come to think of it. First damn gay people. We're not like them either. Should they tip food. But they talk too loud with funny lists. They stop other customers. No comeback. So no gay, no black. And why we added? Latin people. You make reservation for 17. Don't show up at 820 and explain you table. We give you to someone else already. Latin people always lay. No black, no gay, no Latin and Thai Tommy. And George people, you stop figuring all of Bill. Who can't who have what? Pay where I'm going. Set our outside. Take 45 minutes to try to divide a Bill. We ain't all want you here. No Jew, no black, no fact, no Cuban. And why people? You think you better than everybody else. Complain too much if we don't teach your ass. You all know come back. No white, no black, no Jew, no Latin or so gay. Everybody else for the best Thai food. Come on down to Thai Tommy on the beach. Hurry before we have to close. Here come the F-G. F-G. Yeah, F-G. Here come the F-G. What been all my shit? Oh, I'll try with you and then. Oh, gay guys, got your back. Remember that because that's where we're looking for love. It's where you're cracked back. It's better shall buy me and they cheat. I got a lot of facial hair, then a lot of stuff. So make fun, don't poke your nose at the queer cake boy lifestyle. Show them. So if you're gay, jokes can start being silent because you might get a taste of homotextural violence. We don't play your butts, my target like a dog in a territory. And I don't think you're working at a wedding news. There's with a rabbi and zombies behind the park that we want to get our hands on. We're the F-G. We're the F-G. That's her. Ooh. You know what the treat is? It don't you forget it. We're the F-G. Really all kind of hard to swallow. We're shooting singing in me. Let me see if just friends with me just friends with me now slide. Ooh right there. Let me see if there's been a waste of anxiety. Oh, perfect. I made for a slim. You're the F-G. That's the F-G. You're the F-G. You're the F-G. Whoa. Now look at your lens dead. I got a white guss on it. Oh, she's the F-G. Oh, she's the F-G. Show them to you. F-G. The F-G. The F-G. You're the F-G. Okay, look. Let's come to the Crab out. Here it is. You're the F-G. You're the F-G. Don't miss the latest must-off sensation to hit stores. It's the tickle me bush doll. This channeling little character from the Pennsylvania Avenue Belpway gang will laugh at anything you say. Till old George W. is so close as all dried up and he'll laugh. Till him is military couldn't fight a boy scout jambore on a warm summer day. And he can't help but laugh. And you'll laugh too. As the tickle me bush doll, puckers is faced to one side and witnesses his ape-like ears. Uncontrollably. tickle me bush. She's sure to be the biggest thing since the Al Gore grows a beard. She-a-pet. You'll laugh. You'll cry. You'll kiss 49. 99 goodbye with a tickle me bush doll. Every repop of the household is sure to have one. If you like now, 10% of every doll soul will support Stan Salwissel. The missile defense shield. And a last-to-oiled drilling. He's deadly. He's hysterical. He's got ape-like ears. It's the tickle me bush doll. He also then scores where the gods ammo and NRA propaganda are souls. The missile defense shield. The missile defense shield. The missile defense shield. The missile defense shield. The missile defense shield. The missile defense shield. The missile defense shield. The missile defense shield. The missile defense shield. The missile defense shield. The missile defense shield. The missile defense shield. The missile defense shield. The missile defense shield. The missile defense shield. The missile defense shield. The missile defense shield. The missile defense shield. The missile defense shield. The missile defense shield. The missile defense shield. The missile defense shield. The missile defense shield. The missile defense shield. The missile defense shield. The missile defense shield. These missiles the missile defense shield. The missile defense shield. The missiles cannon. The missile defense shield. These missile defense shields. The missile defense shield. The missile defense shield. The missile defense shield. The missile defense shield. The missile defense shield. Oh, now everyone does transform well The bad way to Or to Show you know that's finally New his Christian views He's telling you You as I say I'm not new So like they say Rich blood is gay Prussian Mary Prussian Mary Now the both depends on you And the power you possess Six you've saved his life With your flying scissor lights He's got a god for you to do Prussian Mary You have a brand new style too We love the way you thought you were doing With the big be on your chest And the peace you've like just So let me go to our own way Who's with the speed of the castle Send the bad guy straight to hell When a building starts to walk Transc eden When eternal sound Can he     No, no more his ugly face On candle down the trees When the hell goes down Could it part of my can Do I gotta see a footstay Will I have nothing left to say? Would it help all salvage or that even a stunt measure Will fail as much distance to yours? And folks in the final will drift When they trade in those green 1950 cars Swim through the towers all down And the abloat communists To make everything wonder who's Sunday I was just like Saturday, but he can't take Oh, he's talking to his face On candle down the trees She bled dropping for a grant You look at she still see I'm right on the road Not too happy with the film theory Under deep deep his watching Was this the vinyl of the rider Why don't we go? Was this the vinyl of the view On the racketsack they never knew She died power by a cup of paint General at a right to death He ran away by the vinyl of the rider Why don't we go? Why don't we go? Why don't we go? I drive a mercury That's three lanes wide I can't see your video Got some three foot five I'm a rank up oxygen To keep me alive My name is high My name is high My name is high Got a coupon for sons we just saw I bought five I guess she told me it was only for the largest size I've got the pay and the scost After farting in line Because my name is high My name is high My name is high This is the oily point for dinner at five This is always cold The duck the browns all day had was live Look at the hand it's me the check I left him a dime Because my name is high My name is high My name is high My corn goes sets no rules That I live by No younger than 92 But still alive But always in the pool But type is a fine Because my name is high My name is high My name is high Big fat fat B boy My name is chef high I'm flat but I got a high boy My name is chef high I got bad thigh Roach that's the reason why My name is chef high My name is chef high My name is chef high My name is chef high My name is chef high Well, I can't see my shoo on my footpicks to why My name's Jeff high my name's Jeff high my name's Jeff high I like feeling stress my name's Jeff high I'm a very big tip of my name's Jeff high I go back to the rooms, but don't tell my wife My name's Jeff high my name's Jeff high my name's Jeff high My shoe horns five feet long my name's Jeff high I write a scooter in the store my name's Jeff high I'm so goddamn fat that I'm gonna die My name's Jeff high my name's Jeff high my name's Jeff high If you missed out on the nickel me elbow craze here is great news kids are gonna love the new single lead jack-o-doll The life like Michael Jackson plus toy That tickles when you tickle it genitals and mom not only is a machine washable, but the color gets lighter with every wise and it comes from please The detachable nose and miniature kick-up Let's take a little jack-o-doll new from Billcom Bentley recommended for boys ages six through twelve I'm gonna talk about where I go Michael Michael got with me getting love to Debbie Row with a lot in their bed Debbie's been injected with the seat from Michael's morning when the baby pots right out he'll have a close hand on his growing past because Michael Michael Michael has sex Debbie's issue me is what just keep right in those jets I feel like a unit in a border You got it the best dog is back singing more duet on the ended seats Are you two Oh It's an all new British invasion with the mad dog singing like a man A truth is finally out that genetics was truly the fifth beat Oh Here's a bad dog's and a touching tribute to the king The mad dog was just a little and bivalent when we asked him if he wanted to do it again I don't think so so we had look at the grassy family And tell me there is brains or his signature would wind up on the contract that's one of the fifth is cute Oh And it's six Volume two a little now if you won't quickly Oh How I love to look a quid and that is why I become a singing lesbian I'm not a sister very cat the red was so impressed with what I got you gave me action with her son Can you conceive? We say believe that this song went to number one because I was a nun Found a way to make some passion hope the royalties will last because retired nuns don't get none I never made it that because I didn't look that great So I got the unhu have it to and drugs and getting laid Had my one and a week and then the Vatican got pissed the Pope said there's my big Now that I'm dead I can reveal how much I wanted Sally feels to go with living in my weeks Coach is awesome pot. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. I've never listened to your show for but I was interested in your views on why why it's illegal in the first place I mean, I mean it's an all-acoustic spirit. Sure because this is a repressive society in which we live. Let me say it again These are kicks out of me laws that are in the book in most states in this country in which all anything except they face to face missionary position Sex between married male and female what you're laughing about it of okay, but true. You have all these archaic laws on a book because this is a country of hypocrites a country that's living in the stone age Because we got a bunch of old funny studies up there who don't have the balls to repeal these archaics stupid intrusive laws that have no place in a civilized society Well, in marijuana case, have whatever there would be the national debt if they would action and and grown it the last 20 years Let me say this to you sir the idea that the federal government listen to this the federal government continue what seed you can plant in the back yard of your home on your property The idea that the government can legislate that is so outrageous and so unacceptable as to be in this inexplicable I can't argue with that one bit. They've always helicopter waste in time because people are growing a few plants in their backyard In the meantime up the corner kids are shooting themselves because daddy left his six his six shooter laying around and everybody in their brother and his countries running around with a goddamn gun But God forbid that somebody's growing a few plants in a backyard We got the helicopters going overhead baby. We're gonna catch you the the pot police are there you maniacs just like in a low word I know I do with that local section this morning here. We go business man or sex per veir police this Arthur van morke Kirk and whatever his name is Kirk and jerkin ran a six million dollar prostitution ring. How do you like that in Fort Lauderdale He had fifty women on their payroll their names neatly lined up on a magnetic board under hitting such as blondes Brunez and Oriental's their clients more than 20,000 men between West Palm Beach and North Miami You pay a hundred eighty bucks in cash or 200 by credit card for acts that range from a straight sex to unusual fetishes So who the hell gives a crap? Probably ran a clean operation probably not too many people getting no diseases from that Operation probably hit it on the up and up. He's going to jail everything in his goddamn country's illegal man Everything is the forbidden fruit if we can say oh and of course that's oh forget that talk about a fruit Forget about that everything's illegal Everything's immoral unless of course it's the politicians who are doing it like Dan Rolmer He's doing it over there and like Bill Clinton of course He's doing it the left and right in which we like him a lot more and respect him because he's getting it that's okay But if we're getting it then of course it's evil and we all go to jail Juvenile and unacceptable on acceptable Your brain wash baby when you're gonna go just wake up and sniff it a little bit and the flowers too brain washing Goody two shoes. We have to have a drinking age and we have to have a we have to have an age for everything a Smoking age Otherwise when you 20 what it's okay to get yourself lung cancer, but if you're 19 and you're not old enough to make that decision Just like that this crap about the age of majority every you know most countries What is this is just a matter of opinion most countries even some that we consider very backward The legal age for consensual sexual acts is 15 or 16 and this country is what? 17 for heterosexual acts and 18 for yes There's a different age for heterosexual or homosexual acts of course or is it 18 for both? There's all of these gray areas depending on which state you're in I didn't say gay areas I said what's what's well? We'll find out what state you're in lies in a prone or what position if you're more than two years older You can be 16 as long as the person isn't more than two years older and over eight while it was an animatronic So in other words if a 19 you guys bang the 16 year old chick He's in violation of laws that we were saying to me something like that isn't that ridiculous? Yeah, isn't that absurd Here's the Fort Lauderdale hello. Yes, sir. Very aggressive and back to your happy circus. Yeah, on that product Tusion ring the guy from my boat and I'll Fort Lauderdale no big deal. There you go. You're quite close enough for us. Yeah You got another thing on the on the pot. I don't know business. I drugged that right on the application He brings drugs man. I test All right, whoa, all right. See if the track back where we certainly know nothing about drugs There's your kind of boss George. I thought we had that. Oh, yeah, he wouldn't know what to do with them. Asian For Give it on crap So watch out for all because I'm coming at you I'm gonna Yeah, I'm gonna run you down So get your better thought of time Probably need out is such a stereotype It's a waitress knows there's no tip to not I Oh Doesn't speak French and the frog is Why is he tips for when the check comes he can read English So But do they have to be so cheap why must you pause like they're all the way to Florida Go Why can't you just stop at out of the border go back We don't want you from the beach Just carry Look at that Why are they back I wish they could go back I can't take it anymore What is summer coming Oh Speaking of grabbing crosshuckers. You know we love how many go in their own country and you grab them across the interstates And you stop at one of those stookies or stuckies or whatever they're called man talk about pack with glam with bad taste Although I do like some of that candy the peanut brittle's okay. I've had a nut roll. Yeah, when it's slipped out of my hand Didn't roll too far though. Here's a coconut grove. Hello. There's no facts in Columbus Yeah, that's what I hear yeah, Neil you remember a couple years ago maybe one or two a guy was driving down 975 It was depressed wanted to commit suicide and he jumped into his pickup truck with a six pack Started driving down nice 75 the wrong way right. I remember that yeah, sure Dude stuff like that that makes me think I don't understand why alcohol's legal in my one is not right I was saying my smoker good point real quick. I think how much we'd he would have had a smoke for the same effect think about it How long I would have taken real quick. Neil. I heard you are song about tongues Religious tongue speaking in tongues and that kind of gave me a flashback Yeah, my mom's that we used to be a penicostle and I grew up and I mean I remember seeing my grandmother my my mom and just like talking and tongues and dropping on the floor And I would just fit there and giggle You know, I made no sense to me with so error Anyway real quick, Neil It's enough to give me the heby jibis just like you a song once it was for the Panthers no said to and I got another one Please let me sing it. Okay, go ahead. Okay. I'm Chris Weber I'm Chris Weber God arrest it for a bag of red hair I'm the ghetto dream to play be ball with auto drug scream I'm Chris Weber. I'm Chris Weber Call them out when I got sprayed with pepper burn my eyes that's mean How about a couple drops of visey I'm James Brown. I'm James Brown. Neil. Yeah Including the fact in the turf. Here's Miami Springs hello Yeah, hi I was calling because I heard the guy talking about The fact that it was legal and it was legal It's it but you know, I don't I don't smoke marijuana having done since college days, but but the thing is I'm a firm believe that As long as it doesn't kill you and you're not harming anybody else go ahead and do well Let me ask you this. Can you go into a drugster right now and buy rat poison? I guess yes, yes, yes, you can and that will kill you and you know it's got warning labels on the on the can or whatever You're buying it and you can go you can go into any story you go to a supermarket You go into drugstore and buy legally all kinds of substances that will kill you You can go into home Depot and buy paint thinner and if you drink it it will kill you I guarantee you that make no mistake about it So the idea that something may or may not be harmful for you, which is all very subjective by the way And a lot of it very dubious and debatable, but since when is that the guy the only job that I see the government is to tell us You know give us the information tell us can this be harmful to me? How harmful is it and then let me make my own goddamn decision? Well, that's what I'm saying You know the thing is is that the only reason it was made illegal It is because it's relatively easy to grow and difficult to tax yeah and by the lobby The lobbying of both alcohol and cigarettes which it's well alcohol is relatively easy, but But the question of cigarettes growing it drying it out and actually making cigarettes on your own Almost who aren't gonna do whereas anybody could like grow plant in the backyard and they just simply take a few leaves I'm gonna dry out in the oven and then smoke it. Oh my god and Apparently that's what what they don't want and it and there would be a lot of competition for those two other industries Oh my god, we're as in in the back of it that's proving beyond a shadow without that's killing people every day Should there are people puff it on faggets right now who are gonna cook from lung cancer and Emphasima and we've warned them and we've warned them and we've had all those craggy voice guys The guy that used to play Hamilton burger on Perry Mason with Elwazard younger than I'm talking about I've died from lung cancer in John Wayne and all these other big much your guys that are croaker and if you you know They tell you that and you still want to smoke then go ahead be my guest and Just don't blow it in my face. That's what Monica said they're puffing on cigarettes too Exactly Have a great day. All right, okay. What are we getting all worked up about? That's just because we realize we live in a country where our freedoms are very limited We have a bunch of we have a bunch of assholes sitting around deciding what you can do and what you can't do and telling you what's good for you And what's not and then we have some idiots who are going along with that who want to be manipulated But if you want to be manipulated, okay go to some fashes God damn place go to some companies to kind of go to Cuba for Christ Go live with the Dell. He'll tell you what you can do what you can't do go live with a Pope You'll have one hell of a time there man go live in a Vatican under the watchful eye of the cardinals man I don't mean Stan Musiel you won't be able to do anything that's fun because they're busy doing taking them all up themselves We're going to get a bomb and so can hit the woody act like you can't And get the munchies and make brownies filled with hair and woody share it with Jesus and the saints The pies and yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, You come to me in my eye and on the back of the bless Just him and mother, good oldn son On the gray hamper's top seems to be Whose are you here? I pleased but that young man with his , putting hard time back and take home e basement realiz immeasuring i to wiped Okay, and I'll see. Love a woman with your own hands. Hey, welcome to the house, the old game of the old game. We be your sports doctorate. I beat my breakfast. What's up with you? You haven't touched your sausage. I don't have enough. I see a huge man. Chill out baby. I'll send a nap, not a moshary. I always keep on handling in case I encounter those Colombians who were killed my wife. Why? I'm not human looking for a woman. That's right. I know we'll show up on the golf course one day. Beacon and dad. Did you hear about the Beatrice on the world? No, we never do that. I'm all by myself. He should get me a call. I do the job right. Flex Lassen Devil Hand. Oh, get you Devil's you. By the way, I'd like to take this opportunity to thank the Waternasse and Roy to give us this opportunity of being an old-fashioned. No, no, we can squat like the Waternasse. What'd you be talking about? He was outside the stadium the other day. I saw a squat in the park in the night. When you got to go, you got to go. Yeah, she went all right. In every way. That's right. She was squatting and dipping and twisting and leaving souvenirs. How understand. And all this time, I thought I'd be kicking an alligator. Who's there? Who'd have be? Who'd have be your owner? That's a whole rant, director. What do you want? What do you want? You know you may act. Get out of here. You want? Who's there? You think they'll not have a WQA in. What's the matter with lesbian, golfers can't you tell we're ready to love hidden balls? The only thing that separates us from the men is the country clubs, Bathroom stalls. I'm a girl friend of course, I'm a catty. She's the fan on the grudge. She called me that day. What's that? That five tuna taco. All right, still ladies call for me. My favorite hole it doesn't have any number. A green or a fairway. No sweat because I'm a snapper, I play golf and I'm gay. What do you call for? I call for the clubhouse. There's me golf, there's the only time that's there. I'm gay, let's play LQQA, The still ladies call for me. And right as disgrace chipset, My face is feeling ladies call for me. The still ladies call for me. You've got my butt with you, The ugly face of these dead old cheeks. The y'all butt could come there with my elbow, The red and white good day's body, With your face behind me. If the point for my butt would not could have been done. And would this only be come number one? Check a look at my rope, Tell me if you've been so nice, Would I be the star over you without a sight? Then look at me, And throw me deep like a night's only. There was a grab, it's grab, It's you have my butt would you have on the mercy with the kiss. That is see, throw your hand in. And would you have my cash with a big or shape it as the pinching your teeth? I'm the laughing piece. It's you have my butt would you have on the mercy with the kiss? Hey, how the hell are you? Welcome to Jack in the box. I'm Jack, and I'll be happy to fill your order, if you know what I mean. I'd like a Jack burger and a large fries. Sorry, foul work, lean in the grease fryer. We don't have any french fries today. Okay, there, there, there just give me a smaller fries please. Love chief, maybe you didn't hear me. I said we don't have any f*** fries today, so I'm not something else. Okay, then, just give me an order of fries. Listen up, pal, who put the straw and straw berry? That you do that's right, nature did, who put the ape and ape ricotta? Nature does right, nature did. Now listen carefully, who put the freak in french fries? There ain't no freak in french fries. That's what I've been trying to tell you, but we're a three-note freak in french fries. Now get out of my sight before I shut your teeth so far down your f*** throat. You'll have to sit on a Jack burger to eat it. Oh, I have a nice day. I'm frying. There, paints. I don't think I lack you anymore. Just watch me shave. Now you do stare at the floor. I don't care, penis. I don't lack, I'm gonna wear the hat. You used to be you who made a paper towel and a dirty magazine. That's so we didn't need it to get back. Now it seems things changed and I think that you're the one who blind their penis. I don't lack you anymore. He sings. They are running. I don't think I lack you anymore. Just when you get to drinking, you put in your glasses I've never been before. They're running. I don't lack you anymore. Why can't we just get a grip on our man to hand really gently? Time to turn the truth away, feel. If we put our hats together, we just stay home forever. They're penis. I don't lack you anymore. When running, while your shaving shave my. Perhaps one of the most interesting words in the English language today is the word I've all of the English words that begin with a letter F. Because the only word that is referred to as the F word. If the one magical word, just by it's sound, can describe pain, pleasure, hate and love. As most words in the English language is derived from German, the word, three-kin which means to strike. In English, F*** falls into many grammatical categories as a transit of verb, for instance. John F*** Shirley. His meaning is not always sexual. It can be used as an adjective such as, John's doing all the F***ing work. As part of an adverb, Shirley talks to F***ing much. As an adverb, enhancing an adjective, Shirley is F***ing beautiful. As a noun, I don't give a f***. As part of a word, an adverb, f***ing, loosely, or in f***ing credible. And, as almost every word in a sentence, f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing. As you must realize, there aren't too many words with the verse of telephoto. As in these examples describing situations such as, fraud, I got f***ing that they used, carolot. This may, off f***ing. Trouble. I guess I'm really f***ing now. Aggression. Don't f***ing with me, buddy. This missile. Why don't you go outside and play hide and go f***ing yourself? I'm sure you can think of many more examples. Say it loudly and proudly. F***ing you. Five, 60. WQA, present the Joe and Bo Joe. Starting Joe Costello and Bo Griffith. In day, call 567-0560. Mobile users dial bound 560. To max Joe and Bo, call 305-650-19. Now, here's Joe and Bo. Where the hell are they going to find the gun or ride that I've been shooting around you today? Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. What do you think, Joe? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? We played all the time. I don't want to hear no what to do with makeup. You said it. Say what? I said you said that word not me. I never said it. You said that word not me. Stop it. Go for it. What is your problem? My problem be you. You what? I'll get getting bastard you. Now don't you be looking at me. Don't you be looking at me, honey. Don't you know me. You just never got over Cleo stealing your gig. What did you say? You heard me. What did you say? I said you know who I am. I am the great Bo Griffin. I'll have you know I carry a lot of weight around him. Yeah, you carry it around here and around here and around here. I want your wife. It's fire. Go get your wife. Rock ball, Rock ball, its playing what Barhrosoke you take the last roots speak with him to lunchroom. Dad, he's lost ripping my black hands on it, ow! All right, all right, it's all right, it's all right, it's all right, it's all right, it's all right, it's all right, it's all right, it's all right, it's all right Now again, we all ready, everybody's here, and that's it, that's it! We can't go with that, that's it, we're not gonna get so nervous! This is the Florida's failed with Don L. I'm a Don L. Jackham and today we go to the state of the world's home. Pell it with me now. Oh, 80 feet. Now, lift you this in a thinnest. Hey dude, hold it low open for me. This is the Florida's failed with Don L. I'm a Don L. Jackham. This is the Florida's failed with Don L. I'm a Don L. Jackham and today we go to the state of the world's paradise. Pell it with me now. Paradise. P-A-R-A-D-I-S-E. Now, lift you this in a thinnest. Whenever I go out to gamble, I always take along my luck as paradise. Be good to me now. This is Florida's failed with Don L. I'll be Don L. Jackham. Listen to me. This is stand-by in steam for sofaking and is stand where everything is held to the high sofaking standards. A selection is in just huge. It's sofaking huge. Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else. And sofaking is prices on just low. They're sofaking low. You'll never find them anywhere else. Listen to me. When I say sofaking as a beautiful store, I mean sofaking beautiful. When I say to staff, it's helpful. I mean sofaking helpful. Listen to me. Get to know the sofaking and enjoy a selection that's sofaking huge. A staff that's sofaking courtyous and prices that are sofaking low. You'll never shop anywhere else. But don't take it for me. Take it from satisfied customer, frank and stine. It's sofaking good. You said it fracking sofaking good. Good. You said it fracking sofaking good. You said it fracking sofaking good. You said it fracking sofaking good. You said it fracking sofaking good. You said it fracking sofaking good. You said it fracking sofaking good. You said it fracking sofaking good. You said it fracking sofaking good. You said it fracking sofaking good. You said it fracking sofaking good. You said it fracking sofaking good. Getting to know the best customer that your drama. get out of my room. We got to show up. You have to know the best for that time. You said it. We thought you're not my favorite guy's cat. You organised about shuttor, you say, Try to know what you want. I'm on, they had casinos and all in jail Try to organize the crime But the experiments had failed All right, when the brain did take his down And tore the bones up down Four teeth pissed all over the place Stored the big guy's brain I've heard the old Rogers cry This is the day that I have eaten Why the great place to close this But self-serving apple ruin is this With apathy I've heard the old Rogers cry What the hell did you say to me? All the white folks hate the black folks And the black folks hate the white folks To hate all but the right folks Is an oldest established rule but during the national brotherhood National brotherhood Lean a horn and share a park Our dancing cheek to cheekets Fun to utilize the people you despise As long as you don't let them in your school All the poor folks hate the rich folks And the rich folks hate the poor folks All the my folks hate all your folks It's American as apple pie but during National brotherhood National brotherhood New Yorkers love the poor's or reconstructs It's very chic Step up and shake the hand though Someone you can't stand You can tolerate him if you try All the Protestants hate the Catholics And the Catholics hate the Protestants And the Hindus hate the Muslims And everybody hates the Jews butter National brotherhood National brotherhood It gets national everyone's smile One and another hood weak Be nice to people who are in theory or to you It's only four a week so have no fear Be grateful that it doesn't last all year I'm sorry I've waited for you I'm sorry I've waited for you Don't look okay and make it Please close the door I can't Don't go looking in the door I've read my legs when I flat My cheeks are touching the floor Don't want nobody to see me like that I'm reading the paper Did the handicapped store Please don't come in Be still guilty Ah Mocking Joe Hey Who care coming I am Khaled Day Carlos Regan or A Lass the Stust Mad York Jim I am I can't close the door Because I can't pay I'm not Don't go looking in the door I'm dropping toys in the well Please don't join around Try to ignore I put to do some shit I'm in here making With my pants on the floor Next to my chin Boom Boom Boom Hey Finally done Hey Hey I'm here for a broke Say it for a broke I can't stand out It's not me It's not me It's not me It's not me It's not me All right Let's play who wants to be a millionaire Pop daddy Sitting in the chair I'll call you Puffy Yo yo man yo yo Are you ready? Yeah Here's your $100 question Finish this nursery rhyme All right Hickory tickory Blank Is it a doc B-P-A-C-Marina All D-Inlet Oh man Is it under the question right here? You're kidding me right? This is $100 For $100 This ain't the million dollar question This is the first one Hey It's only for $100 Is this a black thing? Would you like to use a lifeline? Yeah, alright, what do I got? What do I got? Well, we have the ass the audience The 5050 and the phone a friend Ass you on it Not totally white people in here The 5050 ain't gonna help me Oh, you know I'm gonna phone a friend Gonna phone a friend on the $100 question Finishing the nursery rhyme Yeah All right, who are we gonna call Puffy? Oh my boy old dirty bastard Old dirty bastard Yeah, dirty we calm Our friends from AT&T will get old dirty on the line And hopefully he can help you Yo Old dirty Yeah man Registris Filbin from who wants to be a millionaire How are you? I got your friend here, Puffy Daddy Yo dirty was up What the? What the? What the? What the? What the? All right, all right Oh What the? Old dirty? Uh, Puffy Daddy's on a little bit of trouble here On the $100 question Hey, the first time First question And the next voice you hear We'll be his. He'll come on the line He'll ask you the question He'll give you four possible choices Are you set? Amen Next voice you hear we'll be his And 30 seconds begins now What the? Yo dirty fish is off for me, all right? All right man Pickering Dickery blank Is it a doc? B. P. P. R. C. Marino Or D. Italy Oh Come on man I don't got much time I know this man I know it I see this P. You sure? About 30 man There's a lot of money man About 30 All right man Thank you very much I man Times off for all dirty Said P. You still have two lifelines left We are on the $100 question You know what we just want to put All the audience? No I like to add a lifeline Actually no There's only three lifelines You've used one you have to let No no no I get another lifeline It's a brand new one to the game And what is that? It's called Shutto host Puffy you can ask the audience I call it Shutto Puffy use the 50-50 Watch the answer Puffy it's stuck It's a It's stuck My final answer is that It's stuck And it's not good one You got all of it on me Run you run you Run you run you Run you run Run you run Run you run Run you run Run you run Run you run Huh I'm married somebody You know what? You got me talking On the passion phones Tell me the story About how you got blown I got you there Yeah yeah yeah Holy cow! Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, roasted grandeur, roasted grandeur, roasted, it's kinda a good one. Now, well, it's got a lot to quite a viel. Okay, so, thank you, guys. And that's a good one, I'll do it right here and you'll buy a button that there's a button on your lid. Who cheer and sex with? With a black or through the white, I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah, hold it down. I'll tell you what's more before I hang up the phone, I got you down. Oh my god, well if you're so drunk, I'll let you out. I'm so drunk, I'm... Oh, yeah, oh, you're a bottle. Oh, you're a bottle. Oh my god, I'm a glass, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth. Oh my god, I feel so drunk. I just really don't know where to say it. Oh my god, what do you mean? I don't really do. I don't know. Oh my god, I don't know. What is... I'll repeat your turn. And I was hung like a girl. Oh my god, my body, oh my name. She said, oh my, he drew you. You've done a little more to you. I should call her, she called the circle, besides the horns, we're about to go. He grabbed my human gave up, made her swing. And then he cut me. He cut me. I used to be the only one who's like a nap. I was bigger than that until the Rabbi cut me. He cut me, cut me, cut me, cut me. Try to find a Jew that's how you do. Back on the conferred thing, only one goes. You don't want because of your Hebrew. You can't be like a Jew. You don't want to go to. I'm like, will be something I know. I really just, you and me, and the Rabbi cut me. He cut me. I made the circle, so cut me. The one who's like a nap. Help me try to grow with that, take your hand and rub me on. Like a nap, a lovely, lovely, lovely, lovely, lovely, lovely. Like a nap, a lovely, lovely, lovely, lovely, lovely. One is like a cat. One is like a Cat. One is like, I saw A Cat. One is like a Cat. As girls start a cat doovety. Oh my god Hey baby, what a dick! Yes, hop into my Lincoln Oh it's a nice car baby You bet your ass I bet your two-bow men do the time Oh yeah man Oh okay man Hey, what's that? That um, it's nothing No, no man is hookup in farming I'm gonna be a sparmade But right it's hooker bits Barbie With all the fly accessories Fish bits doggings Three inch spides heels Genuine detail marks on the arm And removable teeth Oh my god, yo, yo check it all Doesn't got me take this I put on a ripening skirt And I swear to the rules all we don't need Boy y'all man And dip it just down to Oh man Take off that bitch your bitch Hooker bitch Barbie And coming soon Andre the talking pig What? Bitch, bitch your ass in the pool I said put it down Round and long To the gay square They just got a great big zipper In the back of the pants Get off the horse At the old barn door Got the Santa Fern around I'm a rat on the horn Look at the sad poster Dancing all around There goes Johnny and his mother's not down All the men left All the men rat All the men needs his appeal to bat Give your partner a silly smirk All going hands for a big circle jerk Ballons here is all razor hand Who's gonna be the next pivot man? In fact, your partner home for a drink Lick your lips and give him a wink But the great big smile and a great big nod Let it know your jubles be cloned Getting ahead started learning is very important for your child No matter what language your school system recognizes Class repeat after me AEI-O-U And if your school system endorses black English They will be the best student in the world To be the best student in the world To be the best student in the world To be the best student in the world To be the best student in the world To be the best student in the world Support law Isn't  as one of your best student In the world Thanks to all two of you Say you're the best student in the world And what's our raised language? Don't forget to check out all TV channels Don't you believe in hopefully errors proof most of everything I know All attend to vote on people Madam Karate Prince Library School Journal on network School He'll learn the double negative. I ain't no soccer. The excess plural. No, no, no, no, that toy would be mine. And the proper way to pose an inquiry. Yeah, let me ask you a question. Cooked on ebonics. Order today. And by the time your child is ready for school. Hey, go into no dance. Go. He'll be ready to drop out. That's our guarantee. Cooked on ebonics. Cooked on ebonics is not endorsed by anyone in the right mind. Tell me that you love my eyes. But I know that you keep on checking up my mind. I've made you crazy, I'm everything. Check out my best, they're broken, I'm up for 30 years. You come on to me and less for things than my age. As long as I'm so far, but if you want to take me, you're so, this thing for my man, everything can't be known. I'm underage. As if I'm cheating, you should face yet a day. Because you could throw that shield in the sea when they hear the voice. You went from friends on me. She was 25 but she's just 30. Perfecting. I've been my last three. Daddy, call the cops last night. I've got some perfecting. Because I've had some perfecting. Now the my scars pinch my knees. And I've got nothing wrong with my show. She's on the ring. She'll be. Yeah, they're all mixed up. Spread battered and tied and tied. Oh, what a sign. She's looking my mind. I'm pushing. I'm pushing just a day. I did this for maybe we can't in the world. My Tyson, calling him with a legal mobility. Legal mobility. Legal mobility. Legal rights to the day. The world is peanut code. Peanut code. In the wintertime, my peanut shield gets cold. Don't worry, don't worry, don't worry. I'll be back. Kids. Don't worry. I'll be back. Kids. Don't worry. Go. Kind of. Play. I've been here. I've been here. I've been here. Missy right now. I've been here. Oh. Marny. Marny. I've been here. I've been here. Well, you just wait a minute. Yeah. Oh, that was still... Well, it was still... I'm sure it was a lot of... I mean, it was a little bit... I thought it was a tiny, solid boy. There. Coming! Here I come kids! Rolling up. Yeah. Uh... I'm gonna clean my room! I'm sure I got on! I was gonna get up and find the room! But then I got on! Uh... I got on! I got on! I'm gonna... I was gonna get up and find the room! But then I got on! Uh... I got on! I know why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why I'm not playing with Papa. Alright, right. You, three of us, let's play hold only. if. o Anthony. But I was ha Seriously, I was gonna pull right over and stop But I was ha No, I'm a parapleach And that's the one Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Because I got ha Because I got ha No, I'm a death-buff I was gonna make love to you Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah No, I'm sorry I was gonna need you Oh No Oh Yeah I do that Oh, no, no, no Oh, I'm a Still I inside your life Because I got ha Yeah Last my keys Why? Because I got ha No, I'm sleeping on the sidewalk And I know why Why, man, yeah, yeah Because I got ha Because I got ha Because I got ha La la la la, la, la, la, la, la Almost stopped singing the song Because I'm ha There's a baby Baby, I'm singing this whole thing Roll through Because I'm ha Because I'm ha Because I'm ha And that I don't want to Still one cup I know why Why, man, yeah Hey, come on, hi Come on, hi Come on, hi Are you ready? Come on, come on Here we live Shoot, shoot, shoot, be new Get your new way to skip it Do you feel your nephew is in hell? I feel that my nephew can't end up with a long ago Not with a Lord, then in other words in hell I don't know if you know what I'm doing Lord, no one can become a A King, father of his body Like a limo You fear that that Roman Catholic community Is the H. Your nephew's body Yes, sir All right, we have on the light and vanae's here a Roman Catholic priest on KFI M640 Hold. How you doing? Good Good, man, first of all I'll put my condolences to you on the long That you're next to you Yes, I am. Okay, so I just want I just want to let you in Hold on man, I mean I'm just calling to let you know When I believe that you're next to me You're next to me It's just the more I know I'm explained to you Yeah, please, let me I'm going to set you up Okay, so I'm going to let you in I'm going to let you in I'm going to let you in I'm going to let you in I'm going to let you in I'm going to let you in I'm not going to let you know when I believe it. You eat flesh and blood. If you want to let it get that way, I'll find it. I like God. I want to find it. This is our belief and you drive on conclusion. I want to burn it. Now you got to let the father explain. Why would I want to bury him? Talk about his teeth and listen to him. This is like hell, razor. It's like crap. But there's a wrong thing. Okay. The yarn's there because you've been missing found about what's happened to the nippy and her tongue. You eat the butt, you eat the whole damn thing. Excuse me. Don't you eat it? Wake the whole thing. The host. But he's the whole body or the man. That's not what I said. You said you eat the blood in the face of whom? On the man. No, of Jesus Christ. Oh God. Oh, that is a blasphemy. Why did you tell him to leave that? I'm trying to do it. And then I believe he's not from the division in form. Do you eat a polar booty too? I'm not going to answer that. I don't understand what's that mean. What does this man talk about eating the Lord Jesus? Let him finish. Let him just say what he has to say. I can tell you what we believe. You grab it on Jesus. What? You grab it all over our knees. You grab it Jesus through the knees. And my nephew, what about him? Okay, man. Again, I'm not going to give you stem, cathectics. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. The catholic smack on your boy, huh? You will laugh from there. You will laugh from there. You will laugh from there. You will laugh from here. You will laugh from here. You will laugh from there. You will laugh from there. Well, outside you. Listen, thank you. You will laugh from there. I'm not going to die. You will laugh from there. I'm not going to die. Listen, father, thank you for taking the time. I really feel. Come on. You will have a good Easter. Well, you will taste your sins. Well, I'll give you a good to see. That's true. Thank you, father. Alright. That was a Roman Catholic priest. They're making all my boy like a brother by faith. Oh, you can eat me. Alright. What was it? What's it called, man? Oh, you can eat me, girl. Oh, you can eat me, girl. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. So, by the state. Back in the day when someone done a strong, we didn't take their crap. In Pearl Harbor, when the jams dropped their bonds, we bumped them back. And now the Saudis, they hit us hard. And on our cards, our little flags went. Has that song in love and retards, voice of bombers, the wrong way? And other barriers to be in Americans, where they find the most light-cheats. Do you die in the state of arrogance? And by poor Chinese family, they got this country up. Amolate North to the distaste in our history. I don't want to be a packs of Americans. In the goddamn USA. What's a few thousand innocent lines? Stop living in the mess. If you want that SUV to drive, you're gonna need more gas. It's the greatest country in the world. They train us too, believe. And anyone who says that, obviously, can't afford to be. And I'm embarrassed to be in America, where we take three of it, me. Way the flag of wood has, with our hand in the sand, and lightly follow the powers that we have. That tick, f**k, up watching state from you, who's on a 65-inch screen. Scratcher balls and five, everything's okay. In the goddamn USA. Come on, let's marry. Olympic ice-capedsman, sector jetty-trade, Don, you're tries to win. She was second best and it felt so, oh, oh, oh. Then see, carigan, my bitch was going to win again, Tom, your blocks' ribbon. Highest, out, a henchman, oh, oh, oh. Then see, carigan was leaving a ring. She's knocked up from behind. Bang, bang, Tom, you're still the hammer came down upon her knee. Bang, bang, Tom, you're still the hammer made sure of victory. Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang. Olympic, murder round on you is an ugly crowd, Morgan, every move. She can find her groceries, off balance, a row, a, a, a, help out. She forecoes a plan, makes it where you do the stand mother, on her mind. She has never minded a challenge. Oh, oh, oh, oh. The crowd they make a break for the door, but it's too late to run. Dying bang from your silver hammer, just smashing your nails. She wouldn't not leave little hammer to live real. Everyone wants to. 2048, Tom used at the early gates, St. Pete checks his book. He gives her a look and he tells her, now, up, out, out. She claims she's in as her place and places up and throws a 50 turner to his own the line. This guy's out of line, and he's got to go, oh, oh, oh. I think Pete was turning the page. Tom, yeah, took her in. Bang bang, Tom, you're still a hammer, right?