Anyway, good morning Neil. I bet you my mother would enjoy that. She did do any kind of bomb movement. Haha. Haha. Yeah. Oh. In fact, in my mother's world, there's no such thing as a bad bomb movement. How do you like that? I'm all for that. Did I yesterday I had this pullover on the freeway and going to a burger king and do a stand-up? Doesn't that prove to you that there's no gun? I mean, every time you take a crap, you know what I'm saying? And then what I got to go in front and buy some fries in an apple pie? No. You want you to a public restroom and you're almost just about knocks you on your ass and you just know that there's no gun. I just like carry Kira Kira. I won't even go to the bathroom here with all the syphilis on our toilet. Yeah. You should have been there the day that's fed boy. Oh. I'll experience all over the wall. That's all right. That was fed boy. Oh. Could have been the beast. I've actually the beast is had a few small splatters. That's all right. That was here the day. All of your employees started out being. But I'll send everybody back. I'll send that. Oh, I saw that boy. Yeah, you know, well, I don't know what you call him. What do you call him? Shmuck. Shmuck dropped dead and we saved his life. We should let him die. That's what George is saying. That's what you said. Yes. If he if he had to do it over again, he's he'd rethinking. George got a really nice haircut man. Did he? Yeah, he looks pretty clean cut. Oh, what are you coming back to? I'm a himmy. Your favorite place. He looks pretty boring is what you're doing. Yeah. I heard you won't go out the dinner with you. My ass. You won't pay back. I'm taking you to a great. I know that mode doesn't listen because it's after 10 o'clock. The answer most inviting me to lunch. The answer is no, no, but what about no. Well, it's in the good fish. No, not completely. I'm not putting any meals. What's that? Not put any meals. Said you go. You hauled on the last time. He said you go to dinner with me. He said you tell me a lot. You asked, sucker. Asked haul. Yeah. You said you got the last time. You didn't really say tits on you. Before did you? I went. I went. Oh, what a pussy man. Hey, dump everything I say. And you know you're. You know you're at a. You know you're at a sauce station when they got one dump button. And you and they tell everybody after you cost a wait for seven seconds. Oh, bro. So you know, in New York, we had four dump rooms. Let alone buttons. Yeah. We got to go. We got to go. All time salary benefits four weeks of a kitchen. A year. A room all day looking out a window hitting a button. The beast. Tenia yet about his insistence relationship. The Tips to raise the house a little bit less additional bit less than six when we left the festival's holiday for dinner. I think you see it. whis'l The 운동 is going morning and things start to improve. Uhh. You have this. Yeah. Vedon here, on Tuesday, is Colin said. Yeah. Now we want to take the stuff like that. But Tim in Clarence would. That's your boyfriends. I do. No, that's your boyfriends. That's your bunk, but buddy. Hey, Karen. Just because I'm jealous, because he gets a spoon with Karen tonight. They meal that station's doing terrific with their 0.4 share. Yeah. They're on their way. How do you like the month where they had the big one ahead of zero? What do you mean? If you're a sales guy over there besides pick your dangleberries. How do you sell that one? You look like one of our other. And our salespeople do all day. We know that except for the way that she's on the roof nude. Yeah. She's up there looking for a car deal for me. Can I buy your car, Matt? I heard she mounted the building is what I heard. Oh, no. Now we're talking. I didn't think you weren't going to work. Which corner I'm going out there right now. So you should have been here when Roy Kongster was here. Roller. Man. Drew and. Because Chris Rapper, he's he's small potatoes, but Roy. He just led the'll mail. I think now I've been here three months now. I haven't added to the process. Drew and I like screw-in likes to big and black baby. Oh, that's what screw-ins into. Matt is directing from the Northeast corner for a while. How nice day everybody. See ya! I'm sorry, Paul. Coming up tonight and inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story was their name a slang word for the male sexual organ. We certainly hope so. Otherwise there's a call interesting about the verb pipe. Flash. Look, I told people before the name, verb pipe doesn't mean anything. We pulled it out of a hat. Don't listen to him. It means penis. Tell him it means penis you're more on. Verf pipe founder Brian Vanderarch has been arguing with the band's manager Slappy Gold since 1996. These artistic types don't understand that sex sells. It doesn't mean penis. Of course it does. Put it together. What does verb mean? It means energy. Viga. And what's a pipe? A cylindrical object. A long shaft. If so, fact-o, you're going to long shaft. That's full of Viga. A f*** you hapless mother f***er. Lay off, well yeah, look. You're the one who said we should release those other singles to try and cash in on freshmen. As the argument escalated, Vanderarch taunted Slappy with his decisions to release more singles, each representing a different grade level. We were nearly soft, moors. We were nearly juniors. We were under class, right? So it didn't work. Her pipe still means a thunderous unbridled erection. Does not it? What you always bring up this? The verb pipe. Maybe the name means penis, maybe it doesn't. It probably doesn't matter when you're dealing with a f*** with sons of b*** like these. It's a big juicy shopping wed-like show business. Tonight, on inside the behind. Have you noticed that they won't let's run? Any were near fire hydrants, you noticed that? No, it didn't. Well, now you know, 10 was six at five, 60 WQM happy Thursday to you. We're going to get screwed today, you know? It's not going to feel good. Well, no, today we have on a schedule. We got Marlon's undecided. One of those red hot Marlon's who won against the next ratings last night. And for another 12,000 people. Now, must have been raining last night. Is that how you excuse me, y'all? Sure. Oh, he's on the other side of the Y'all. What's the McCall? We're training training deck. He's on the other side of his watch McCall? Yes, the table. So that was you've scoiced the last two nights is that they just had over 12,000 announced for those two. And I know 80 cases. We don't want to talk about your 10. It's the only one they have 35,000. Then we talk about it. Well, nobody shows up. Then we don't want to talk about it. Because there's no excuse. Anyway, there is a very good excuse today because it's sunny in 77 here in Toronto. Oh, in fact, it just changed it. It's sunny in 70, eight, like I said. But it's raining cats and dogs there in the, it's up for grabs. Now according to mufflands, he are resident baseball expert. They're going to do everything in their power to get that game in. So we're praying because, you know, not that we want to cheat the audience out of that big one to two hour. But you know, Marlins, that's the heavy duty stuff. Right. The wild card Marlins has at the moment by half a game. We're excited about it. 942 votes on Georgia's podium today. Now let's see. What did I vote on this? I voted for Mo. I'm not going to lodge with you, Mo. What is that all about? Does he really believe it? Anybody is stupid enough to buy that? Trying to mend defenses. I've stended the hand of friendship. I've stended him the the thorn of whatever. How many times? About 30 man turned it down. Kept to kept pulling all of his crap. Try to get your ass fired, try to mess with our show. I strongly urge my audience not to listen to the show that follows me all that crap. All the stuff about the bullet in the head that I deserve. And then all of a sudden, now he's just sucking up. And you want to know why he's sucking up? Why? Because he's crap in his pants even more than usual. Those checkered pants. Because the word on the street is that Joe Rose is going to be standing by to do that morning. Sure. That's what I'm hearing. Isn't that what you're hearing? From Joe himself yesterday. That's right. Joe Rose is waiting in a win. He's having heavy confaps and powiles with Greg Reed probably as we speak. Probably right this start on. Exactly. And so it wouldn't surprise me, Joe and Kildi. In fact, you remember when we had the worst team who were the two allies on that show. Who was that? Two guys. Joe Rose and Kildi. Sure. You got it. So that's a rumor. I'm hearing so Mo is crap in his pantalones because after this last book after these unbelievably bad numbers. And then of course when the next book comes out and realize that 8 to 10 is going to go spiking way up. And 6 to 8 is going to be the Awakchink and the Armor. Could be the weakest link. He knows he's hanging on by a thread. So he's now now all of a sudden he's looking for allies. So he's inviting me to launch. I heard that this morning, Mo and he answer is still no chance. No chance. I wouldn't go to scoobins with you on a bet. Because that's probably where he'd wind up taking me. The scoobins are shloiny. One of those old you places in Boca. And we have to gum all the food. The answer is no Mo. This home mo says no Mo. I'm afraid. So George, George yesterday had we leave the Humper alone. By the way, Hank will be on after the ballgame today briefly. Maybe if we have a ballgame. I actually Hank won't be on. He's got some interviews with the, I don't understand that whole thing with you. Van coaches. Do you know what that's all about? Nope. And then we got the day once that you would find. So I'll give that schedule. But again, it's all pending. It's all dependent on whether you look out. You looked out to window, which we don't have a window. See, people are symbols. You have Neil, we're here. He'd have a grasp on it. Yeah, grasp this. We have no idea what it's doing outside because we're like an A, uh, we're in the middle of a floor. We're not even close to a window. We might as well be in Toronto with you for all we know. No, no thanks. The saline is not a cloud in the sky, man. It is absolutely magnificent. Like heaven. 942 votes on a 40th day. I'd rather not be. And then George gave you a list. And guests who won a salute. All Howard David at 173. 173 of you say you'd rather not be Mo. Good choice. It was my vote. Fat 136. That should be that should have been my vote. And it's interesting if you notice something about this poll, which you know, did you have people call them as suggest on this? Yes. Because Mo. Fits and so many of these categories. I see there's fat. We just do it that. Yeah. Input I don't know. I don't want to know. Ball. Probably. Ball. Mary. Yeah. Ball. Straight. Pollo. Boy. Whole bunch of categories. I'm sorry to make that. Most fits into there. 173 said they'd rather not be Mo. 136 said they'd rather not be fat. I'm second that emotion. Oh, if I got some bad news for me. No, no. Guess what they now make in courts. Remember I said that the only made the brightest grass for a heck. Yeah. And so I wouldn't actually wasn't buying it very often. Now they're making it in leaders. A little more than a court. Rather than not be 422, stupid 91 in Iraq 86 black 86. How about black in Iraq with a big Mac attack. Impetent 61. Gay 41. A lot of heteros out there. They don't want to be gay. Short 34. Ugly 29. I would have thought ugly would in a lot better. But in two. Huh? Yeah. Of course, when you talk to your average person, most people, unlike me, most people won't say that they admit that they're ugly. Right. The the number of people that haven't counter my life who think that they're really hot stuff. And you look at them and you look like something that you just stepped on in the middle of a coffee. Right. Ugly 29. Mary 26. Ball 23. Female 12. Sexest Bastards. And albino 11. Straight 10. 10 of our fags out there said, and I wouldn't second that emotion. I would never want to be getting involved with women in any way. Paper phone. Good. Just lexic one and four and head none. I. I almost 1000 votes. Nobody said they wouldn't want to. I don't know what that even means though. What is it? I'm a little bit of the country. Like not born here. Your foreigner. You have an accent. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You. G. Is that 80? That can. I can't. I don't know. I mean like that. Yeah. Well, she's dead anyway. We got to hell. Rea chapter coming up. We're going to build another poll. Get your jaw upset. Oh, this is a good one today. I warned you on Tuesday. And then we got maybe we got the Marlin Pre-Game at one. And maybe not Marlins and the Dungeons and P.P. Park will keep you posted. I'm a progress of that. I got my leg's crossed and my fingers crossed. Because really the only thing it boils down to is whether we do the comedy bits are between one and two or whether we just go home. So we could do the comedy course. I don't have to go home because I already am home. 10 13 at 5 60 W Q A. You're irrational station for the new millennium. Do you have kids going back to college next couple of weeks? Well, if you do, why not give them one of the comforts of home. A new bed from dialometres. By calling 1 800 mattress, you can order you a new mattress from dialometres for your college student and set up operating their off campus apartment. When you call 1 800 mattress, you can choose from dozens of models from ceilings, assertive, tempered, and extrimensor King Coral at low student prices. Doesn't matter what the college student, though, where they're headed. If they're staying in South Florida or headed the fully boss in the air, or a walk down the bedding experts at dialometres can make them feel like they're right at home. So get that bed now by calling 1 800 mattress. You'll get service like you dream about from the delivery team right number one and customer satisfaction in the universe. And of course, at dialometres like I've been telling you for years, they carry only the finest quality name brand mattresses at discount prices. No house brands, no irregular. No seconds, no crap. When you call dialometres at 1 800 mattress, you pick the day in time you're delivery. Within any two hour window seven days a week from 8 an a.m. till 10 an a.m. and those kids will be sleeping well the very first night. With low prices, same day delivery free set up and removal it's easy to see. Lydolumactrus is right number one customer satisfaction. And everybody gets a student discount at dialometres too. So pick up that phone right now and call 1 800 mattress. That's 1 800 ma ttr a s or online at smactrus.com. For dialometres, the easy to intelligent the best possible way to get you a great night's sleep. You're a good boy. This is for 20 or 5. 60. You weigh a. You brought back in. Next month in penthouse magazine, naked pictures of selling beyond. Pintagogyoni, misogogyoni. Yeah, what you got? I got a naked picture of selling beyond. What do you think? Look at this, I took it in the war once in Las Vegas. Don't you have a big nose in that? Maybe. I'll tell you what, big nose and run it. Naked pictures of chair. Missed it go to reality. Yeah, what do you think? I think I got a picture of chair. That's a man. Yeah. Run it. Naked pictures of Kelly Rippa. Look, look, look, look, look. Hi, what do you got this time? Kelly Rippa. Newdy. That ain't her. Yeah, yeah, look, look, look, look. Look at the face of the eyes of the eyes. It looks nothing like a run it and die in slayer. Take a look at this one, Mr. Guachioni. I got the tick from the good morning America. Isn't that Ruzio Darrell? No, no, no, no, no, this one, this one, this one, my youth. It's got too much hair on it. Shape it and run it. Pen House magazine cannot be certain of XY identification. But hey, have any of you who wanted to see these people naked? Us two. Yes, quick. When you look at the pictures, you'll be fine. 1018 at 560 WQM happy Thursday and what can I tell you? It looks some look at the Doppler radar. Yeah, look. So, I don't know, not really that bad to be honest with you. It's not that bad. It's just, most of the heavy stuff is offshore and also in, but in Dave County, don't look all on bad. And especially right around P.P. Park out is still raining. Now is it also windy? Because I see there's all kinds of alerts. There's a wind advisory out. It was, I don't know what it's doing right at the moment. Windy and peeing and nasty. But that's maybe a negative again about South Florida being bitter. It's just Neil making up that stuff about how to weather in the summer, especially really blows like crazy. Intermediate either 110 degrees in the shade and or just rain and cats and dogs like the world is coming to win. And I just made that up because I'm a bitter nasty guy. I love these assholes. I call them the station of the sports nerds, especially. Oh, we don't, we just can't stand hearing all this negativity. In other words, you can't stand a truth because you're much of emotional cripples. Or you don't have two nickels to rub together, which is why you're still down here in South Florida. When anybody would more than 50 bucks to their name is out of town for the rest of the summer. That's what it was. The like George, that's the only reason he's there. Can't afford to get that out. Here is a 5 on page 5 from a Hillary's book, Living History. I know you've been waiting with graded breadth for this, dropping myself in right now. Okay, page 5, a pretty good sized paragraph. Oh wait till next Tuesday, till my next show. What is next paragraph on his page last about a minute? Huh? Anyway, today she says, Hannah strikes me as a determined woman who's energies and intelligence had little outlet, which led to her meddling in everyone else's business. Her eldest son, my uncle Willard, worked as an engineer for the city of Scranton, but he never left home or married and died shortly after my grandfather in 1965. Her youngest Russell was her golden boy. He excelled in academics and athletics became a doctor, served in the army married had a daughter who came back to Scranton to practice medicine. In early 1948, he fell into a debilitating depression. My grandparents asked my father to come home to help Russell shortly after my dad arrived. Russell tried to kill himself. My father found him hanging in the attic and cut him down. He brought Russell back to Chicago to live with us. He found him in the attic and cut him down. Don't let him down the size. So here's the today's paragraph from Hillary Rodham. He has saved you a lot of money. Save you 25 30 bucks. Not only that, but Hillary's much better in small doses. I think we'd all agree on that. Yeah, so many. Here's our poll for today that we're going to build. I love looking at that doctor right. Are there just something fun about it? It's so much more entertaining than having to watch Brian Nourcross. Can you imagine the high-crevettling school in on-right now? Wow. Somebody for Strat poor little Brian in that seat. Dancing around like rumple still's gonna on a bed. They ought to unspeed. Calm down, Brian. So here's our poll question today. Now I've threatened this on Tuesday and then I've talked to myself. Why not do this? Of course it's negative again. Yeah. There's a negative. Though worst, how come not the best course we have done the best? See, right? The people who choose me have been negative. They never hear those shows. When we ask, what's your favorite this or what was the best movie or the best? The best whatever. Who's your favorite actress in a world or whatever? We do a million of those. But the greatest response from South Florida where people are very bitter and full of hate is always a negative thing. Like the worst regularly scheduled TV show of all time was or is. Did so many possibilities. Sure. Well, I can't pick just one. But the only one that I could because for me was easy, Duke's a hazard. I can't imagine a worse, a cornea. A more poorly, I mean, just just a whole thing. The idea that anybody watched it and that it was actually on for a long time. How many seasons would that on I wonder? About 30 minutes. Well, sure, so that was on for a while. Five and you're finding the yellow. Have you know? Have you heard it? They get like that show. He liked for a fanty. Maybe he liked a John Schneider. Maybe that was the closet Miguel. Is that 80? I know he's big in the senior cruise. So what does that tell you? Got it's into a drag queen? What's his at all? The worst regularly scheduled TV show of all time was or is. And that's the only one I put down there. Well, at the audience filling the account. Duke's a hazard. You didn't have one? I had, uh, I have several. But you know what? During the non-addicture. Those starts at several. That's not going to put up with that. So I'm going to choose none of them. They'll pick mine. As they'll pick it on. Yeah. Don't forget to go to our website and your rages.com because now we got our best of campaign underway for abandoned pet rescue, which is a great charity. By the way, and you can read all about it on the website. And we got the best of meal, 2002, 2003 CDs since we didn't pull them out last year because Miguel and George were arguing over who is lazyer. So we didn't pull them out. So we have one for both years right now. And we also have the more Howard David and key chains, which you, uh, hey, have you figured out yet what it says on those? No. No. Any of the drop-ins like, hey, go up those checkered pants. Yeah, that one. Yeah, that news on there. I, uh, I, I, but that one. I think this one better. Do do do do do do. I think that's all. Do do do do do do. And it's definitely on it. Yeah. So anyway, go on and get yours. Or do yours today. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. We'll just do screenless today because we got, uh, I think a short show. Don't you think they're going to play that game? No, huh? That's a prey. But, uh, yeah, I mean, it's an important game. There are half a game ahead in a wildcard thing. And even though we don't care about baseball on this show and I have a wonderful baseball game in about 30 years, uh, it's important stuff. WQAM. Hey, man. Yes, sir. The, uh, where's still ever? Was the 18. 18, hey, man. That's a good choice. So, uh, I got a good man. I got you down. Thank you. That's a good choice. He said Mr. T sucked. What? Yeah. That didn't take long for somebody to, uh, to name one I could vote for. Okay. So we got the doops that has it in the 18. So far, there's got to be a Zidian for this category. Man, only one. This is the, let me say it again. Listen to the question. Listen, very carefully. Not the 20 worst shows of all time. But 30 man. Not the 30 worst shows of all time. Not a list of a bunch. One. What's not easy to narrow it down? The worst regularly scheduled TV. He said, and the reason I put in there regularly scheduled is because, uh, you know, I put that in there. Right. There were one time Charlie's that were so bad. They got you know, we don't want to have like the Bob Hove special, especially show, you know, right on the heels of his croaking, the Larry King variety show. Can you believe speaking of Bob Hove? That some jackass puts out this thing and that he was the greatest entertainer in a mirror in the, uh, the greatest American entertainer in the 20th century. Yeah. You weren't expecting that. No, I was not. You weren't being inundated with all that. I mean, I knew that there was going to be a lot of morning and growing and asking a teeth, but the idea to get that carried away. He was a great entertainer. The greatest American entertainer. The 20th century. Can you see Elvis and Sanatre, even like couldn't stand Frank Sanatre. But could you see them just spinning in their graves? Sure. That's a good pull for you one day, about it. Eric's taking another. Eric, they're sticking to dump. Yeah. Elvis is taking another crap thinking about that. 26 past 10 at 5.60 WQAM. Poor Elvis, the King died on the throne. That's your proper way to do it. I think he's still alive. By the way, something. I think him and Jim Morrison are still on. Are you going to tell me bad news about the baseball game? No. Oh. Good news about the keychain. Yeah. Here's the demo that we had to send back to the, Oh, right. Yeah. Yeah. So here's the answer to your question. My list of course, one of these drops won't be on there. That's on their Jesus Christ. Infectious. That won't be on there. That's on there. That sounds like you. Yeah. And there you go. I'm infectious. That's my favorite. I'm infectious. I'm infectious. I'm infectious. All wrong. How can we don't have? If there's a butt I smell it. That might be replaced to those. 20 success after 10 at five, six, they get to get them out of our hot. Your more Howard David and Keychain. You can be the first one on your block. If you want to see the best in horse race, soil casting, then here's the place to do with Pomp and O Park. Pomp and O harnesses open every day. And nights seven days and nights week featuring the best in harness Thurbrit and High L'Action from all across North America free to watch and plunge your guts on. And general parking and admission like always are still free. I'm Friday and Saturday nights. The fourth four players, I've just opened featuring a special full course dinner package for only $5.95. And you're plenty of free seating and hundreds and hundreds of TVs to view your favorite track from. Or you can get yourself a private box seat with your own TV monitor for just two and a half bucks. And it's all done in a smoke free environment. Coming up this Saturday, August the, uh, I don't think so, Troy. Is this the wrong copy I have here? No. Okay, because it says coming up this Saturday, August 9th. Do I have new and improved copy for this? Huh? Ed? Well, let me just, just kill a couple of seconds here while I look, because I don't want to be do wrong copy and give the wrong stuff going on because it's the evil. And they find where you get all pent up a shape and enthrased red for to lose the commission. And uh, we'll have all kinds of crap going on, all kinds of issues. I'm looking for my stuff. I thought you've fast me new copy for Pomp and O Park. Here's some to run on 814. I've access to you. You did? Sure. Maybe I should make candy. Maybe I threw out the good stuff. Okay, well, what is it in the meantime before you facet me, whatever you guys are, what does it say on the bottom about the special stuff going on? Coming up this Friday, August 15th is the 300,000 kind of 300,000 dollar to tuck a starboard, standard board, standard bread, standard bread, sales, sales, sales. Yeah, in the end of downs. And then on Saturday, August 16th is the 550, 100,000 Canadian paysing derby at Woodbind Race track. Oh, yeah, right up to the road. Yeah, the $250,000 Cleveland Classic of the Northfield Park and the Yunkers' Trot elimination divisions at Yunkers Raceway. All these things and lots more, all the simultaneous testing you want to do. And then some at Pomp and O Park, a block set of the line of Goldberg on Power Line Road. For the daily simultaneous testing race schedule, call them at 9504-972-2000 or check them on a web at www.pompandopark.com. My and local, we are SportsWideO560's UAM. And now, we're going to then front of the tape, Donnie, is a beautiful tell of a sunny Hollywood California. It's just my language. Kathy, yes, Mom, are you having that? Not so fresh feeling. But you know, Mom's know these things. Hello? Oh, it's you. Yeah, come on, yeah. Mom, who's that? It, it's Delagreez, Mom. What she doing? So I got a story that's so fresh feeling. I never, you're bad. I, I, I can't breathe. She's a seal, though. She's a seal, though. What she's doing? Miner's son, Mom, I just, they don't want to let me get this in that. Oh, Mom, have I? Yes, Kathy. You've been dished by an angel. Oh, Mom, oh, Kathy. Oh, Delagreez. Jordan, next week, and find out what others win deliveries from this 13 from the 18. What? You want us to get my all next week on trivia. Okay, two things. Number one, a good news on our website is that now we have the bedtime stories under like we were early in the morning, like when you get up in the morning, standing wait till the show is over. Yeah, we're trying to think that's good. It's great. Nice job, Derek. And spider watch George has about him. He's still set it again this morning, but it's quite of all of that. So you don't want to be associated with people like you. Who? But at any rate, Eric. I see. But at any rate, we're best friends, then. Are you? Yeah. Well, that's good. That's sweet. Maybe we have like a shower for you. The baby shower. Big no, you can just take one together. But at any rate, so the bedtime story is around here, the new stuff. Every day instead of having that still old stuff that in past, not that I'm not that I'm putting down a boner boy. Now that he's gone and he's departed, he's got his problems. We wish him nothing but the best. Don't we? Sure. Yeah. Or anything. That didn't sound too sincere. Did it? No, I probably shouldn't have said that. But I would like him. I like him saying no hard feelings, right? No, no, no. No, that wasn't right either. Screw him. But no, he did a spectacular job on our website. There's no question about that. But he has issues. OK? As people like to say, I have no idea why. He has issues. So let him go solve his issues and have a wonderful life and leave us alone. But anyway, so now we've got the new bedtime stories on our everyday. That's number one. Number two, I just want to correct one thing, which I forgot because Scott gets so incoherent once he starts rolling around across over. That there's no, you know, there's no way to have a conversation with the incoherent man, which is him. But I've been here in an awful lot. And especially when you consider how little that I listen here, I'll turn it on for like a minute. If I'm sitting in here, the dittler and around on a computer or something or and every time I turn it on, it's just business, which I guess, Moe and your friend, Jo Costello started several days ago about, well, there's all of this backstabbing on a station and there's the audience wanting here, all of that other crap. And all of this, all of these people who hate each other, the bottom line is that everybody on the station gets along with everybody else except for one person. Yep. That's the bottom line. Absolutely. Great. See even he admits it. Who you talking about them? There's no rift between. I mean, so Scott loves Howard. Great. I hope you have a nice life together. Maybe you can also take a shower with George and with the Carlos and Eric getting crowded in there. Yeah, it's getting really crowded in there. And of course, you shoved Joe Rose and Mad Doggy and their man. And then I've advertised this poison and the beast. Holy crap, there's no room left for me. I'm bringing my soap on a rope and most fat. Back to him. But just to clarify that, there, I mean, who do I have a problem with other than Moe? I'm talking about on the year. Anybody? No. None. No. A real problem? Any problem? No. None. Zero. I mean, we have a property about Joe's a gackie on the air. I don't know, you're missing Mad. I'm talking. I'm not, you're talking about, you're talking business. I'm talking about personal. Oh, that's what I mean. I'm talking personal. I like Joe's a gackie. He's a good guy. He sucks on the air. But he's a good guy. Like the big, oh, he sucks on the air. The big, oh, he's a good guy. Even though you don't like him too much. I'm just, when you just calm down, Jesus Christ, you're starting to get his emotional. Is the mole man? Everybody gets along just fine, except for one person, okay? Who's despised and we've filed by everybody in a building. And he continues being in denial and continues trying to say all of this crap about, well, and I know it was your stick and you know what I're going to launch nowhere. Not. Who are you talking about? Howard from Boca. Yeah, Howard from Boca. That's why I'm talking about the mole man. That's everybody knows who I'm talking about. The unmentionable one, the unclean one. Maybe if he do shout that bag once every six months, maybe it might clean up his act a little bit. Jesus Christ, man. Anyway, here's a facts, how did I get sidetracked on that? I just wanted to clear the air so to speak. Okay, because I can smell a stench all the way up here. Every time he squeezes that bag and starts picking dingleberries. And by the way, Moquit, pick a dingleberries from the staff. They're starting to get really grossed out. Can you see the first class action lawsuit by the entire staff against that man? For dingleberry picking, we'll call it a no-class action. When it down, he's grossing us out. Whatever you call it. Yeah, a no-class. A no-class action, so I like it. See, even a little dirty stuck one in there. He's sneak one. Big Arnie, one of our chronic facts, who says the worst show ever was touched by dingle. That's why I played that big Arnie case here in Frigadot. Yeah, it's just, oh my god. Oh my god. What dribble? Brain washed a little kiddies and the believing that crap makes me vomit. My wife likes this, you're already says, what's wrong with this picture? I'll tell you what's wrong, Arnie. The fact that you haven't shoved that bitch out the door and dumped her. I saw it. So that's so far we got three on here. But this is going to be a slow building pull I guess. I guess because I'm rambling. That's good. It is good. It'll hit a lot of good time. And of course we still don't know. Well, do we know about the uh... Volgimia? No. Well, what, I mean, you know, something... Please. I know, about quarter to one, and uh, double, come in. Well, uh, there's still a considering... Yeah, we're considering this. Consider this sweetheart. The worst regularly scheduled TV show of all time was, or is, we put it because it's going to be something that's still currently on. I'm sure that much of the crap that's on right now will could be a contender. We got Ducca has her the 18- and touched by Angel. So we got so far. 5-670560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. WDQAM? So pretty much. Oh, God. And he's got a socket in his mouth this time too. To suck? It was, it well sounded like a sock. Rives with. WDQAM? Hey, that was uh... TK-ocrum, man. That was TGA-hooker? Yeah, TGA-hooker. That was a bad one. Okay, got you down, Pally. All righty. Let's see. TGA-hooker, that was it. In other words, the way he said that, I like the way he said it. No, it's just that he said it like that. Like that's the definitive answer. That's what we want. Not, well, uh, I got a list for you. I don't know what you're about to file the fact machine. I threw it right away. Yeah, anybody that picks more than one, if you're factored to us, we'll Schmidt-Canterra right away. It'll never make it up here. And number two, if you do it on the air, cut your off in Pronto, Tonto, no chance. Pronto, Tonto from Toronto. WQAM. QAM, hello, Ola. Hello. Yes, sir. Do talk shows count. Oh, sure. About magic Johnson show. No, we do well, no long was that on about a week? Yeah, you know, without the same time that your show was on. If you were on TV about 98, I guess it was. Oh, and at WAM, he's something, yeah. Pronto, I'm trying to forget about that. Yeah. WAM, he got it sucks. OK, we got it down, man. I got to give a couple of props, though, unfortunately, to a couple of local talk shows who have been hearing from Dennis last week and have been blowing them off the air. Yeah. And with his homophobic rant. Right. He called up the, he called up one of the sports shows on 940, the other day, and was saying, you know, I understand that homo-sexuals really need to be treated with understanding and kindness. But you know, the marlins are having almost sexual choir at their game to sing the National Anthem. And hasn't been scientifically proven that this isn't an inherited condition in your are you? Oh, I don't know. We were supposed to hear children to this. You know, if I go into the marlins again, so that was that night. And then the guy was like, listen, you know, just, you know, tell your kids, don't tell your kids about it. They'll just, you know, they're going to not going to announce the explain what these guys are up to. So he put kind of off. And then the next night he was on shit with the more like a aggressive, well, you know what? I can't believe it. The marlins are allowing a gay choir to sing and they're exposing us to our children. And he just, uh, he said, listen, guys, so the guys are coming to sing that I can be singing that drop in their pants and whip in their pants. Well, the, the best news that will please you and piss him off is that I got two of Georgia's facts me, two priest stories that are come up after the breaks or we will piss him off. Not a way to do it. Just a couple more. All right, Neil, thanks. Have a great day, pal. A couple more isolated incidents for professional homophobic professional Catholic Pope-sucker Dennis. What an asshole, man. What an absolute asshole. 19 before 11 at 5, 60 WQM, you have to be a schmuck nut to do your shoe shopping at Brandy's, so tell that right now because they're unbeatable. That's why they're stuck around so long while the other people have dropped like flies. So many shoe stores have come and gone, but for over 25 years now, Brandy's has been sticking right on your feet to best name Brands at unbeatable prices. They got them all. They got rock ports, echo is Mufisto, Timberland Clark's essay as floor shrap. You name it, they got it. And as far as your sizes are concerned, if you got big, uh, gigantic, grotesque feet like Tom Welling or little teeny tiny petite feet, like probably Boca Brimes got, they can fit you. They got men sizes 6 to 15 women's five to 12 and which from the very narrow to the very very gigantic and wide. And of course their professional sales staff make sure you get a perfect fit every time at Brandy's. With over 40,000 pair of shoes in stock in their gigantic 8,000 square foot mega store, you can just about bed your just life on it. That whatever you're looking for is in stock right now, but it is a slap on your foot. Brandy's shoes, there were 12, 90 North Federal Highway Pompatobito in daily 9 to 9 Sundays 10 to 5 and don't forget all this week at Brandy's famous brand Bochews on special sale. All men's and women's styles are 20% off stock 5 Brandy's or visit them on a web if you like it. Brandy's shoes dot com. My life and low. This is for 3.05. This is for 3.05. 2.08. What is deal? Can we enjoy dinner without you worrying about business? That's the role. How this is a big investment Gloria? We buy a business plan. The loan was approved. What's to worry? Are you going to wait for a spare? I guess you're right. And I know you read the business journals out. You got your homework. Roger, you do read the self-law of business journal. I meant to get a subscription. You don't read the Bible of self-law of business. You're gambling our future without knowing the latest trend. What's hot and what's not? He's staring at Paramatam. He doesn't read the self-law of business journal. Missy, I'm going to have to ask you to leave. If you don't get the journal, there's no telling what kind of trouble you can get in. Cover to cover week after week. It's the most in-depth business news anywhere. Now you can get the business for free for a full month. Just call 9.54949497578. That's 9.5497578. Could I get a doggy now? The self-law to business journal. Local business intelligence. You for your little ones. Do not face them. Well, run. That's bad for me. To your turtle hole in my ass. Now there's something new. New soccer, Sharmin Altra. Just cover how much soccer it is. Wow, this feels like I'm wiping myself on the cat. New Sharmin Altra. Sharmun. 1045 at 560WQM anyway. Here's one from Orlando. Priest arrested in prostitution staying. Oh! Aroma Catholic Priest was arrested for soliciting a prostitute and masturbating in his car. Sheriff's official said Monday. The Reverend Thomas Valle Paulittle, 40 was charged late Friday with soliciting a prostitute and committing a lude act. For offering to pay an undercover police officer 20 bucks for oral sex according to a report from the Orange County Sheriff's Office, who has released unsat $750 bill. And the Reverend Raymond E. Larger. Aroma Catholic Priest. Oh, that's his name. Reverend Larger. Larger than what? I don't know. Bigger than a bread box. I'll tell you that. It is so huge. Oh, just butt out of here. He, he, he, he, he, he. Anyway, he was convicted of public and decency in Dayton, Ohio. He's resigned as pastor of our Lady of visitation church in Green Township, Hamilton County, in the Arch to the Super of Cincinnati, said, on Tuesday. Cincinnati Arch Bishop Daniel E. Polar took place larger on a different administrative leave the Arch to IC said. The Arch die sees Lord of his conviction from neighborhood activists near Dayton's Triangle Park. The activist hired a public indecency arrester so they plan to notify families and employers of the men convicted. Larger pleaded no context July 25th to two counts of public indecency both fourth degree, Mr. Meeners. And they said that his was larger than most in the park. So there you go. A couple more stories more isolated incidents for you, Dennis. Mr. Professional Homo Fob. 567.0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. The worst regularly scheduled TV show of all time was or is, Dukes of Hazard, the 18, Touched by an angel, TJ Hooker, the magic Johnson sure that's all we got so far. WDQAM. Hey, yes sir. How you doing? Doing great. Great. Uh, uh, uh, uh, two things. Um, first the worst TV show of all time. Yes sir. Uh, I love the character and I love the first two movies they made. But when they turned it into a TV show, it was terrible. It was the night stalker. Okay. And um, something I'd like to have on the K-J. Yeah. Um, yeah, I wish you could. I don't think you can. But if I could get something on the K-J, it would be um, if that's baguette. You proof a next ring, guava loving monkey. It's a boolean. Okay. Now why are you saying no? Why are you like, uh, we can't add things at this point. I know that boy, you are really uptight man. These people I voted you're not type little spick. And I last pulled me to their right. I didn't think that I was like, I hadn't even said the guy was fine. He was a good car or a boy. I think the night stalker wasn't such a bad show. Did you like that show? I like that show. That was not a reason for you to be upset because that show was on screen TV all the time. Night stalker. He didn't like it. Okay. And he was a good car and you're like a peon on his parade. Okay. guava, you love him spick. 5, 6, 7, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. I mean the key change are done. We're not going to be adding to it. And he already said that he knows we can't. But he's just expressing himself, man. Me too. He just, expressing himself. WQAM. Go. Yes sir. Yeah I got to think for the fall. Okay. Go in girl. Golden girls was awful. You know. Good choice. Thanks, pal. Okay. See ya. But now what'd you just say no way? I said great. Oh I thought you said no way. No I said excellent. Argumentative little George no matter what you say today he's going to go like that. Just like just like when Moses and he let's go to lunch. In fact, when I'm there in a couple of weeks for a several days, uh don't don't come anywhere near me. Mo. Don't speak to me. Don't waste your time. Don't embarrass on humiliate yourself by making any overtures in my direction. By extending your hand or your mouth. He looking must read in my direction because I don't want nothing to do with you. I will not speak to you. I will not look at you. I will not smud your goddamn bag or squeeze it away. I will laugh at your checkered pants. Just stay away from me and my pleaded skirt. I mean pants. WQAM. Hey, I'd like to make a uh a pic for the year. Watch where the piece TV show. Go right ahead. Oh, can I go now? You can go right now because this is me. Yeah, we're doing screenless. Oh, okay. How about Oprah? How about Oprah? Okay, now he's listening to me. Well, I mean, yeah, I agree. Her show is awful, but I mean Oprah. Yeah, sucks. But the worst. Okay, sure. I'm not going to question. It's not for me to question. We're just here to make a list right in Kilsson time. That's all we're here to do. By the way, look out the window. How's it looking? Oh, look at that. We got to Marlon's on deck. Allegedly, I want to talk. See, I think what they should do, which is the way you do it in a real like, uh, you know, is keep dragging a lot. No, seriously, keep uh, pervericating. No, that's not what that means. Keep uh, whatever they're doing. And then wait until about five. Yeah, up is skating, masturbating. And about five minutes to one. I'll say, well, we'll still go ahead with a pre game show. And then we'll like do a rainbow. You know how they do those rain delays shows. And then they'll say, oh, but right now we're going to send it back to the studio. Huh? After everybody gets in their seat with their rain. Right. Everybody's gone. And then we're going to send it back to the studio now for the rain delay. And of course, there won't be anybody there. Which I think would be good. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. We output up on there, but I don't think she's going to get too many votes. WCOM. Hello? Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm crying for the for the Neil Ryerson speaking. Yeah, I'm crying for the worst TV. Go right in. What's what's your choice, sir? How Wi-Fi, though? Why? Five O was the worst show in the history of TV. Yep. Yep. Okay. Book him, Danle. Can you believe what? See, I'm reciting like conferences. It doesn't mean you're like, I can't believe it. I'm writing these down because we're asking for your opinion, folks. It's not a question of my opinion or Georgia's opinion or Scott's opinion. We got a new Scott in there by the way. Is he in there? Yeah. We got a new Scott who's like a clone of Scott for well, like a little Scott. Right? Right. I'm sure he's got to be smaller than the real Scott. Sure, anyway. And then we got the Miguel over in the corner with his face to the wall. Miguel who's getting married on Saturday. Ben, we'd hard. Very bad move. Five, six, seven, five, six. See, I'm not going to allow me to go say all congratulations. It's a wonderful thing. What a blessed event. I said bad, bad move. I haven't said that. The one of these needs doing is to legitimize that baby. That's you know that, sure. And why do that? That's not even that. That's not fashionable anymore. That work for me. So when so his boyfriend announces that he's having their baby. Hey, let's see. Let's see. Mark, can I have him way now? Everybody's doing it. I have to get married. Don't have to get yourself legally entangled. Unless of course, that family has a lot of cash. Are they loaded? No. No. Okay, I said a real schmuck. WQAM? Hey, I talked to Neil. Speaking. Neil Rogers. That's me. It's fine called. It's anything on the 700 crores of the word show I see. See, now, does that make any sense to you? No. The worst, right, see, I don't find that my poll questions are usually like real cerebral. That's what they require an IQ larger than five. You always come up with a great question and half of the people don't get it. I mean, anything on a 700 club. How about the whole shopping network? That's a badge. Yeah. Oh my god, I hate when I got them. Joan Rivers' on here. Right. I hate the toaster. Apparently her boobery. Phenom is. Yeah. And at Ron PoPiel, infomercial man, that thing just sends me right to the bull. You know, the weather channel is a pretty bad show too. Especially the woman at Pocket Fisherman. The worst regularly scheduled TV show. TV show meant the show of all time was there is. And I thought this was an obrater, which is why we go over so big down there. Toopsa has her the 18 touch Spanish. You'll TJ Hooker, the magic Johnson show. Nightstucker, golden girls, Oprah and Hawaii Fibre. That just tears my guts out. I think I did that to stop me. But based on the theme that shouldn't be on there. But what if the theme was great? Right. What's his name was great? Dad. What was his name, Jack Lord? Now, Dad, I wouldn't so great. He was kind of boring. He was Irish. What is it about the Irish that makes them so boring? Is it because I don't find them boring at all? I find them fascinatingly drug and slutty. The drug in part I'd agree with. Yeah. WQIM. Yes. Yes sir. Dale. Speaking. The words to me. If we're so bad that I can't even remember the name. But you will know is the one with Eric Strada on a motorbike. Chip's. That was. That one is the word. I listen. Yes, he was really bad at that. That's your Mr. Strada. He was really bad at anything. That's his bad. Listen. I'll tell you. You are wrong. And you. You read two bedtime stories about priest. It's about shows that two or three of them are a straight. How do you assassinate your meat? Okay. I'm thinking that over. Was he trying to say? Is that 80? That's what I thought he was saying. So, chips. I would agree now. That's an excellent choice. That's a very good choice. The also, not just Eric Strada. Not only was she annoying on her show, but the kid that looks like like hell. Could you narrow that down? No, the other. That real kind of like, how do you face guys? Blanned looking, punky brown here. Kid that was on that show. God, I'll might have this. You annoying me. He reminds me of Kurt Russell. That same genre. Yeah, I don't know who you're talking about. I never watched it. You never saw chips. I saw it, but I never watched it. I never had the intro. Right. Chips, man. 5605056, pound 560. I tell you, when I was an Amsterdam, not recently, but like I told you this years ago. Like, 567 years ago. I'm sitting there late at night watching, flipping around from the naked people on TV to this channel. They got information on it. And there's Erica Strada, petling some diet pill made in the addresses. Some joint in Miami, some quick read that he's peddling on there. Some magic pill that you lose weight. You just like turn into like a little puddle on the floor. Kind of like fat rich. You know, she has smoke signals, cheap cell phone commercials. No. Yeah, disposable cell phones. He's so little. Yeah. She is really looking bad these days. Two, Mr. Strada. And I tell you that if that rich has lost about 1,400 pounds since I saw him last. And I'm not even going to recognize him. That's what you said. OK, and I'll, is there? We're going to put the new pool. I guess way too after we get to, to about 1130. Something like that. We'll get to pull up there. Things they're voting about 30. Go about because there's got to be like a whole lot of this, this pool is meaningless unless we get the real contenders on there. There's so many. So many bad freaking shows and it's kind of like, you know, well, how about anything on a 700 club, you know? That was almost in the same league with, tell me how you attacked the buffet at the airmelcoza. Oh, it's way almost. 10.56 and 5.60. WDQM. If you're in a really bad, did-in job working for peanuts. Maybe college is too expensive and just don't have four years to try to find a life in a career. But if you can afford 10 bucks a month and commit yourself a three nights a week for four months, our good, close personal piezons at fast train can help you achieve a new hot-pain computer career. That's right. Get out of your did-in job. Just 10 bucks a month and three nights a week for only four months for individuals who qualify. Can each one of your road or real life. So call fast train. What do you got to lose? We saw a really crap job. Call one, 866 fast train. And with four locations in town as fun if we won nearby you can vignette their in my make-and-l. What is it? Portland St. Lucy? Ha ha ha ha. Pepper pies if we're loaded up. Well, begins with a pee. I was close. When you call 866 fast train, you're talking with a train. We were counseled. They're off of your day evening weekend schedule. Job placement hands on training too. So pick up that little instrument right now. Call fast train at one, 866 fast train. They're deferred payment is valid for year regular payments apply their after. Whether you're a high school student on summer break, somebody on underpaid did end job or just look at them and twist your net worth. This is the smart thing to do, not like Fredo, but the really smart thing. Call fast train, tool free. 1-866 fast train or check them on that wicked web at fast train.com. My life and look all this is sports for deal 566. You wait 2 a.m. I'm Mark Morgan. Now here's Neil Rogers on 566. 8-M. The story of a young Jack. Don't care what anybody says. Something special about you. Oh, horse. And a dream. We're going to do it, boy. You want me? I'm going to win that race. Just as soon as I can get you the stuff taken at dump every few minutes. 5-4 films presents. No, I just cleaned up. I'm warning you, don't even think about it. No! But this is... But this is... You are never too far behind. Here's behind. It's 11-566. Looking Phil and Mudgate. He's usually pretty good fancier, but he's... I don't know. I don't think this was a regular show that he's referring to the bill. But you can't think about what he's talking about. Well, no, I do. But I think it was like a special. It was one where he would do these bizarre things like like he says on your Elvis's still alive. It was a periodical thing. Because I'm looking on a billed best be on... Yeah, didn't he do the magician? And of course, Hulk. Incredible Hulk and incredible Hulk returns and true confessions. I'm looking under his movies and TV. I've headed up to here. Up to here. Where? Hannibal Barbaro Hall of Fame. Yeah, but I have a new two. Tell all this stuff. And I don't know. I don't find that even Vinnie Show. Maybe somebody will know it or so. So we can stick it on there. Sure, we can't. Just facts about chips, but did they have to send 20 pages with all of the episode guides? No. We don't care, okay. But what was that that I don't want to know that guy's name? Because I could was very annoying. Not the other, not the other cop. Yeah. Larry Wilcox. Was that his name? Yeah. Oh, God, it was he, you know, he was like a real Yehoo. I see, here this facts that you said of what's there whole bunch of them. This proves our point. And that is, then, no matter how simple and straightforward the question is, the question is, the worst regular, regularly scheduled TV show of all time was there was, they got Kendall Toyota show. Right, which was a horrible show, but was it a regularly scheduled show? No. Was it like a real like a no commercial? It was a freaking informal commercial with Mark Jacobson and those of us who were like sucked into going on there and humiliating him, burasing ourselves. Hey, it was good enough for David Woodley. Look at enough for me. He's dead by the way. Let me know him from that book of Brian dead. Are you going to start taking on David Woodley? Who is? He was a dolphin quarterback. Oh, yeah. In fact, he went, he was there when he went to the Super Bowl last time I do believe. Correct me if I'm wrong. Last off of parents and a Super Bowl. Am I right Miguel? Yes. David Woodley. He had that liver thing and he died. I was. Didn't he die or not just dream that? Scott knows. Yes. He died. And he was like a young guy. David Woodley was like, he died. He died. He died. Did. So say whatever you want about him because I'm a bother many more and he was all right. How what about I talking about David Woodley? Where did that come? Oh, I can't do it. Oh, and also I met Pete the samples on it. A little monkey Pete Samperse. What was real, uh, monkey hands? Boy, he was a strange guy. Pete Samperse. Whenever I see him playing tennis anymore, I always hope from Duluth. Boots and his whole hair, your long fingers both. No, hairy and like like a claw. And I always thought that like a tennis player would have like soft hands. You know what I mean? Because I did it. It just, I don't know. I was telling him to me. It would go with the, uh, he had very hard monkey hands. You're gripping the rack in addition to which in addition to which I taped my segment before he came on. He was off the sitting watching and boy, he just he didn't get it at all. He just thought I was the strangest dude that ever came down the pipe. Maybe it was that nasty shirt you wore. Maybe he had a point. Anyway, here's somebody says Jerry spring or sure. I got that on there. Since those people, uh, he gets on a shirt, but are off on a circus sack. They are a circus sack. Man, somebody says, man, which will piss some people off. I never watched it. Now that one would put, when Eric puts man's on a pole, we have to put the asked to his son. Yes. Oh, sorry. Ha ha ha. Ha ha. Also, let's see the, um, because my little sister used to control the a TV remote says Christopher, the absolute all-time more short of a was the Brady bunch. That's in there. Okay. The Brady, but why you don't agree? No, I mean, it was stupid and can't be, but I mean, it's time. They hated it. They didn't like it. Donnie and Marie Osmond show from the 70s. Now I'm writing that down and putting 70s in parentheses. Donnie and Marie 70s because they've had somebody damn shows. They've been on so many times. Right. The variety shows. Oh, and speaking of my good friend Donnie Osmond, have you seen the new pyramid with Donnie Osmond? Yes, no. Oh, sorry. Don't watch it. It is so, it's so bad. I mean, the formula is there. You know, there's the formula. Here's how you do it. Remember Dick Clark the way he did it and Bill Collin did the, whatever the other pyramid was. That's how you do it. You know, and it's just Donnie. All I can say is you're a good guy. I love you, but you're trying to hard, man. It's just it's very sad. Hard castle and McCormous here. I like the tone of this facts because just like they got a call and said TJ Hooker, it's like, this is it. Here's the answer. Yeah, I like that. Be positive. Don't be like, wow, you know, Winpy. Like some people we know. Hard castle and McCormous was easily the Worshower, even he supposedly hotrod car on his show with nothing, but a fiberglass VW. I like that. All right. You got it? Hard castle and McCormous. So his list we have so far before we get to our next priest story. But it's like a forrier these, you know. The worst regularly scheduled TV show of all time was or is Duxa has to the 18 test by an angel TJ Hooker, the magic Johnson Show, Knight stalker, golden girls, Oprah, Hawaii five. Oh, chips, Donnie and Marie 70s. That 70s show. Jerry Springer, mash the Brady bunch or hard castle and McCormous. Now how about I'm going to put a couple on here because nobody else is called a miniat. Green acres, all right. And Beverly Hill Belies. Beverly Hill Belies. Yes. You never watched it. What? You never even watched it. I watched as much as that as you watched of chips. It was a scoop of everything. It was a show for Yahoo's for idiots. It was making fun of Yahoo's. It was a show for moron. Whatever your head. That must have been it was Tussa Rebril for right. And he went put in the down green acres and Beverly Hill Belies. Whether you like it or not. Granny's rolling in her grave. Six more men have come forward with allegations of sexual misconduct involving the Reverend Lawrence R. Strit Matter. Stimming from his tenure in two Cincinnati area Catholic schools in the 70s and 80s. Strit Matter last year was moved as Asosia passed with St. Albert the Great Church and Kettering following allegations from two former elder high school students that he said, unless to them while he was principal at the Cincinnati Procule school, when church officials confronted him about the allegations. Strit Matter said he really didn't remember but assumed it was true. He knows himself. That is some response. He didn't really remember. I guess whether that many. Right. It would be like some of us trying to remember all of the people that we've had the sexual doubty and says what during our lifetime. Right. Couldn't possibly do it. I could. Well, I couldn't because I'm a much bigger further than that. Yeah, I know much more successful. Right. Trust me. Anyway, here's one. It says my mother the cart. Good choice. I like that. You know what thought for the first time the other day. Yeah. Never. I'm only ever heard of it. What were they thinking? They weren't. They were thinking that Dick Van Dyke was on and sub and also. And so their paid Van Dyke's dead mother who was returned earth as an antique car in Van Dyke's garage. That was the premise of the show on NBC 1965. My mother of the car, we got you down out standing choice. Now we're starting to get warm right? Right. We can put that list of any time Erica gets around to it. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. WCQA and hello. I have the worst show ever. Okay. Worst show. Great. Ready. He hop. Oh, excellent. Oh, amen. He he. I think I might have to vote for that. Thanks a lot, Pally. Okay. See. He hop. I bet to that big in the trailer camp. So trailer parks all over Florida. Obviously a big in. I bet to that was big in O'Choppy and two egg required watching at my home. Over there in Loots. Yeah. Tempel terrace. Clear water. We are a weir. Are you TNAT? 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T. We're killing some time before the big Marlon Dodger game. Maybe. What do you think? What's the latest concern? I'll go out during the break. What are the odds? I'll run out in the road during the break. We got maybe the Marlon Sun deck at one. Maybe the Marlon Sun the Dodgers at 135 whether permitting. Maybe Hank following all of that with some hurricane coach interviews or something like that. And then the day wants that show at five. You can bet the Miguel's life on that. Then we got the day wants to add show at five o'clock. Come hell or high water. And a reason for that being it tomorrow. We got another dolphin exhibition scheme. The dolphins at the Jacksonville Jaguars at seven with hours and hours of pregame. And guess who's on before on that pregame starts. I give up. One of our favorite people in the entire world. My close personal friend. Joe Rose. They don't come no better than my good buddy Joe Rose. Alright. He's got a big heart on. Yeah, we heard before. Five, six, seven, oh, fight. The room around town is that he's going to be back on mornings on this station before you can say a mose out. WDQA. Hello. Hey Dave from Formula Bay. Yes sir. Okay. Number one. Marino get taken to school as a rookie by Joe Montana. That was the last Super Bowl appearance. Oh yeah, right. Number two, woodley pretty much had that game one until the dolphins forgot how to tackle running back in the second half and so on gave rigging some booze during half time. Yeah, that was very depressing. Wasn't that the game where Jimmy Siffles got a touchdown pass? Correct. Put the dolphins ahead. Absolutely correct. I remember it like it was just last week. And the other thing was, does no one's even touching on the correct shows that are the most horrible thing to watch them. Two suggestions. Petico Junction and the Golden Girls. Okay, so we already got Golden Girls so I can't knock you for two. I'm Petico Junction's excellent. Okay. Thanks, pal. I'm a great one sir. You two. Petico Junction. You know you got to get open on the shape. Because he said more than one but we already had the Golden Girls. Right. That's all right. Petico Junctions a good choice. Outstanding. Almost as good as he had. Even though it was part of that whole, Beverly Hillbilly's Green Acres trilogy. Yeah. They all tied in together. They all revolved around. Well, let's see Green Acres. That was the one with the the pig, right? You can never go to the hospital. Arnold, the pig. Speaking of Arnold, by the way. I was going to try to get through the entire day without mentioning Arnold because I get so agitated every time I think about it. He is what's wrong with America right there. That's steroid ridden womanizing illiterate piece of turd who's going to be the next governor California. You can bet all of our lives on it. No, you just know it's true. Sure. Does he have any qualifications whatsoever? Oh. Does he have any background? See at least Ronald Reagan. They keep making comparisons. Ronald Reagan was a political activist. He was the president of the screen actor's guilty. Right. And he used to be a liberal before that. But then all of a sudden he became a right wing fanatic and whatever. But at least for all of his waxed on busted brown here. At least he had some political background. Yes. But here is a man who all of a sudden sitting there in a green room on a jail let oh show decided, oh what the hell I'll do it. You know what the hell? When a gigantic ego trip. Absolutely. Do we have any idea other than that? Well, he's for gay rights. He's for women's choice and abortion. He's not a conservative as they would like the Republicans would like them to be. Big stink in deal. Okay. The man is an idiot. He's an embassil. Like I said, perfect for California. Oh. Excellent. More power to him. So do you look up the window yet or not? No, I'm going to go to go to. Oh, why not? It's right there. Next did be had all those naked pictures. 1113 at 5.60 WQM. Do you have kids go back to college and next couple of ways for what if you do? Why not give them one of the comforts of home a new bed from dialometres? By calling 1-800 mattress you can order a new mattress for them from dialometres for your college student and sit them up right in their off campus apartment. When you call 1-800 mattress you can do. I had an off campus apartment in these Lansing one time. Yeah. When your my friends came over and got drunk and put their office to the wall was very exciting. When you call 1-800 well over a thin walls. When you call 1-800 mattress you can choose from dozens of models from Sealy, certain tempered petic Simmons or King Coil at low student prices. It doesn't matter where the college student is headed. If they're staying in South Florida or headed to Philly, Boston, New York or Washington or maybe Michigan State and prestigious East Lansing. The bedding experts at dialometres can make them feel like they're right at home. Get that bed right now by calling 1-800 mattress you get service like you only dream about from the delivery team right number one in customer satisfaction anywhere. They carry only first quality name Brad Mattress's at discount prices. No house brands, no irregularers, no seconds, none of that crap. When you call dialometres at 1-800 mattress you pick the day in time of delivery with an in 2-hour window seven days away from 8 an an until 10 an a and the PM and they'll be sleeping well the very first night. With low prices same day delivery free set of a removal it's easy to see by dialometres's right number one in the universe in customer satisfaction. And like I told you before everybody gets a student discount at dialometres or call them today 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATTRES or check them out online at MACRES.com. dialometres the easy the intelligent the inexpensive way to get you a great mattress and a great night's sleep. Guess what? What's that? The audio bolts are down on the entire floor. Well I like the way you just can pop an interlock. Well because we saw that they were shutting down as you were talking. Yeah. What you didn't give me time to like do nothing. Well we didn't know for sure if it wasn't going to work until we tried it and guess what? Well I guess so in the meantime I'll play this. Mr. Brian you are entering a plea of not guilty. You'll be notified to your next court hearing. Next case. Looks bad. What were you thinking? I get this call from this little girl in Colorado and she says she was a big fan and in last game that I call that bank off the glass. Sounds innocent enough. Well I thought she said was he had big cans and would I like the banger and I get the picture. You should have been using the split PCS wireless system. Clear connections even in remote mountain areas. Hey, uh, there are any openings for any spokespeople. I'll have to get back to you on that. Okay, let me just say this. We don't care about Kobe Brian. I'm going to show what we do not care. Nope. Not one little teeny tiny Iyota. Not all the people in the media, all the people in the universe, all the king's forces and the pulpin all these other rassels, they're not going to be able to make this kid give a crap about Kobe. Brian, I just don't care anymore than I care about Lacey Peterson. Who the who the f is Lacey Peter was Lacey Peterson anywhere. Who the hell was she? That chick. I'll take to the stories that I really like are the ones that are run like on A&E. Is that A&E or is it court TV that's got those shows? Both. I don't know what you're talking about. You know the ones where they have these these mysteries these court these cases from the past where they had both channels have similar. There was one I watched last night about these guys that were down somewhere in the islands and got a cute, the murdering uh, raping and murdering is chick. Oh that was last night. Yeah, that was on my side. Was it 48 hours? That's awesome. Oh that's right. It was 48 hours, but there are a lot of those similar shows that are on like court TV and they are. Yes, there are. But that was a very good 48 hours, which I just found it by accident. I was just riveted to it and then in the end the British courts said, you kidding me? Garla at UST just evidently the authorities there told this guy the details of the how she was drowned and how she died. And he just so he just you know testified made up the story that this guy had spilled a beans to him, which is how he knew it. Although I will say this every time they show those four guys they looked. I know there's no such thing as looking guilty. Is there really? Is it not only in our mind, right? When you agree with me that they looked, I don't know, something about the way they looked. You know? Well, there were rich, so they must be guilty. Now they look like they swallowed the cat. I don't know. Serious. Like they swallowed a freaking canary. Okay, the worst regularly scheduled TV show all time was or is we've got an impressive list building here. Ducs have has the 18 touched by an angel, TJ Hooker, Magic Johnson Show. Boy, it's sure is beautiful here. You know, it's like 80 degrees right now and suddenly not a cloud in the sky. Night stalker, golden girls, Oprah, Hawaii five chips, honey and Marie in the 70s. Jerry Springer, Nash, wither without the asterisk. Brady Bunch, heart castle and McCormick, green acres. Well, I liked this last grouping here. Green acres Beverly Hill Belize, my mother the car. He hawn pedico Joe Joe. Whoa. Whoa. Man, and I'll put another one on there. Even though he just died and we liked him a lot. I guess we did. Barnaby Jones. Okay, you don't think that well, see you in the watch. He can't show it. Oh, that was such a terrible show. It was so awful. Would Jevadaya. You know, I mean, here's this. I mean, at least Cannon, Cannon was fun. You know, Cannon was fat and he was funny and he waddled around, you know, and he, he, uh, puffing and puffing and like a fat guy. But, but, but the episode was an old man back then. I was how many years ago? About 30 man. Like a hundred years ago and he was still all a dot-ering old man. He was huffing and puffing and rung it on the alley and Jevadaya was doing this. And who was the, uh, Leo, what was your name, Lee Grant? I don't know. How would I know? She, the form of a America. She was on the show or Lee, Lee Remick. Lee Mary, what? Lee Mary, like I said, Lee Mary, oh, I don't know. I'm just guessing. That's right. There was little air weather. Very good. That's just naming Lee's. WQM, hello. Hey, how about the Neil Roger show on Wemi? The worst regularly that was that could have been it. I hope so. Okay, thank you. He hopes so. Was that a regularly scheduled TV show? Oh, no. I regularly scheduled. Yeah, it was your regular. It was an embarrassment. Make no mistake about it. Was that a TV show? Oh, it was an abortion. WQM. I got you free. Now see, there you go. Wow. What? Nothing. I'm just impressed. No, he said I got it. I got two for you. I'm not. I'm not doing two. There's nothing. Let me say it again. But if I asked you this question, what is the best steakhouse in South Florida? Here's a list. What is the best Italian restaurant? Who is the biggest asshole? Absolutely. We know who that is. But I mean, we're talking about one. Not two, not three. Not a whole bunch. I've heard man. One. I hate that. And this, I mean, we've kind of like cut that way back. We've trimmed it back, so to speak. After you did that cubic hair up earlier than it, we trimmed it back. closely. But God Almighty, give me a break. The pick one. Okay, pick one. Stick your finger in there. Roll it around a little bit. Don't make it bleed and pick a big one. Okay, pick a good one. The worst regularly scheduled TV show of all time was or is. Think about it a second. Okay, give it a little bit of thought for like four or five seconds. And then narrow it down. I realize it's a momentous decision. It's very, very important. This will be going like an against book or records. WQAM online nine, which is always says by Hello. Hey, New Harder Gone. Okay. Hey, got the clear number one. Okay. The Chevy Cheshire. Chevy Cheshire was on for about five minutes. Yeah, boy. I mean, it was totally special. It was awful. And right. And the guy is a no-town out. Well, exactly. Thanks, Pally. Good choice. See, there's another case of a guy. We like him a lot. Made some very funny movies. He was great on Saturday night live. All the other things he did. But his show was so bad. Right? Oh, yeah. It just like Robin. It's a Robin Williams syndrome all over again. Funny guy. We used to like him before he got a little bit too fond. We've been over-saturated. But almost every movie he made, including the one that I told you with the Oh, man, even in Des Moines, I will never saw Coran at all. Good, God. What's the name of that movie he made with that, Damon? You know what I'm talking about. Mr. Good, good, good. Good, good. Good feeling. Good, good. Good, well, hunting. I think that was the one. That's God. Did you guys see that movie? I didn't. Yeah. And it was no good. The ponders is the word. And so corny, man. I'm so predictable and so corny. All Robin Williams needs to do is put that red ball on his nose. He can perpetually just be patch atoms. Was that was that it? Was that the name of the movie? That was a bad idea. He can be that character all the time because that's what he wants to be. It seems. He always wants to have that little red rubber ball on those. Always doing that. Always on. Five, six, seven, five, six. It's just like what's his name? What's his name? The Jewish comedian, my unclean. Who? Jackie Mason. Okay. I remember it. I remember it. My right home was a Jewish comedian long before you were born. Oh, hey. And while I'm saying my right home, I'm thinking about Jackie Mason. That's a true story. 1956 in the, what that was the name of that hotel. I might be chapter to this before. The In Rock. Okay. I've heard certainly to see Jackie Mason in 1956. That's 47 years ago. He was an old man then. So the same stick. Doing exactly the same stick. He's always on. He's always the same. He always does exactly the same thing. He talks the same. He always does the same jokes. He sounds like somebody we have here at work. And are you picking on him? Absolutely. Why not the Jackie Mason show? Why not? Do you remember that show that he did? That political show where they were like fighting with each other. And he had the blacks in the whites in the Jews in the glam and the listener. The Jackie Mason show. That was unbelievable. Revit. That was this. All of a sudden this guy who was a stand-up comic for about 700 years. Now he's a political name and he's a guru and he's got his got the shards who's on there when he crackers in the boy. And he were like, you know, even if it rolls and fist fights, that was probably the precursor to Jerry Spring without the last. WDQAM. Was that you cracking your knuckles or was that on the phone? Oh, let me crack it my knuckles. Oh, I see. WQAM, hello. Nobody there anyway. WDQAM. Hey, party. How many of you for him? Party. That's the show. First show ever. Pardon. Okay. Party. Party. Party. The name of the show was Barney. Okay. Fine. Oh no. Barney Miller. I don't know. Cross it across and that's my follow. Hang on. I'm too. Before we can get the other thing. But he just said it in such a way. You know what I'm saying? But if we're going to get into kitty shows, I mean, come on. The poll says it could be answered to the question. That's good for Brian. He'll tell you could be the pinky leash. It could be a kid show. It could be a cukula fran and a li. I'll even not be picking on that show. It could be what was the show with what's your name? Francis Horowitz. I don't know. Think, ding dong school. Oh, no, you're ding dong, Mr. No, we have it here at work though. Yeah. And that's because that place is for ding dongs. Man. Yeah, I only have to work there about a week. And all of a sudden, you get the realization like, hey, this isn't the real radio station. And we say, hey, now you've got it. Now you're on it. Now you're catching onto the name of the game, the program. 560560 pound five 60 on the AT and T in Verizon. There've been so many. So many. So the audio vaulted back up. The question is over there, not in our studio, but never. Yes. We have the ability to play commercial somehow. Some way do we want to make up that break all in one chunk or spread it out? Well, what does that mean? That means you want me to do like a seven minute break? No, I don't want you to do anything. I just know. We're not going to be doing that. All I do notice we've got like, we've got a couple of three minute breaks here. And just run out. So we can fill those out. And then in the new hour, there's a couple of three minutes. We have no problem. We'll spread it because we have enough three minute breaks here. For the audience, by the way, we're programming the log on here here. You ought to be used to it. But we're just trying to figure out what else going on because the equipment keeps breaking down and freakin' audio vaulting. That brings me back some really bad memories with that audio vault. Yeah. When we first came to QMany, we were playing those rume-money cards that you couldn't understand. And I was screaming, hey, Greg, you can't understand the spots. And they thought like, why are you making trouble? Okay, we don't care what they can understand the spots. And that, as long as we place something, we can build a client and then collect the money. That's the QM F and Way. Like it says in that sign-up on a wall in there. Just to give us the F and money. That's our mentality. If you sign a contract with us, to run some spots, hey, maybe they'll get on maybe they won't. Maybe they'll, people can understand them. Maybe not, maybe they'll run during the ball game. Maybe they'll run during this show. Maybe they'll run at three o'clock in the morning. Maybe they'll run in the low rated, more Howard David at show. Absolutely. But regardless, just pay up the F and money. Oh, we got to pull this up there, the new pull. Okay, which we're still building. But I'm sure we'll get some votes. 26 past 11 at 5. 60 WQM. We may or may not have a Marlins baseball at 1. If not, we got the, we don't know. I guess if the game gets right out, we got Joe Rose coming in, which is always, which is always a treat. Don't we like so a lot? Oh, yeah. The more airtime Joe gets to happy or makes us because it just, it's, it, it, it, it, re for migratus, the audience with the sound of Joe's voice. It makes them come feel comfortable knowing that he'll be coming back to me more in, again, very soon. That's the word on the street. Even, even up here, that's the buzz in Toronto. Do you know that Joe Rose is going to be doing more in some QM and I'm, again, people are talking about that all over the place here. They're handing out leaflets. Hey, if you're on the Atkins, any other low-carb or sugar-free died, you really ought to know that there's a store that's dedicated entirely for you. The Alliance of West Boca, it's the number one low-carb store in the world. With over 900 low-carb sugar free products and stock, the Alliance of West Boca is always adding new ones every month. And this month is no exception. It's at back in June on this copy. Try their new low-carb instant cup of soup, just add water and microwave. It's a low-carb meal in a cup, and forward delicious flavors. Be sure to try the new simply delicious low-carb muffins, her quick breakfast. You're on individual size cheesecake. And the list goes on almost forever. Low-carb hot cocoa, apple cider, blondies and brownies. Great selection of low-carb pasta sauces, dressings, chips, chocolates. Their famous carbolite ice cream. Do these low-carb peanut brittle. Carbolite-rated during chocolate and vanilla shakes into low-carb meal in a can. And now, the at last brand chocolate crisp and chocolate mint bars. And you'll also be saying, at last, thank goodness for this because there's no multiple, which means you won't waste half your day on the pot. Don't forget all that kind of brand products around sale all day every day at the Alliance of West Boca. They're open daily 10 to 10. And you'll find them on the Northeast corner of Glades in 441. Right next to Boston Market. Call them toll free at 1-877 low-carb or shop them on a web at low-carb.com. Don't forget the Alliance of West Boca's your official Atkins retail center. We're a sports-reniall five-seater. You AEM. Fatialations get a light. They're pretty good. Don't use that kind of language around me. We're gonna be bawling. If I stop it, if they friends, when they roll into down they are a sight to see. Those five-wound dress came in and big as you. Transmingled and gigantly on my TV. Though you wear out for the strength guys on low-life five women to me. They tear up your bedroom and throw out your clothes. Wax your eyebrows, but the hair from your nose. They're good at bitch-off but to face it to clean. Because those queer-eyed for the strength guys are more like five women to me. Yeah. Oh, they can carry it away. With the things that they say. They're so happy and neat. Don't make it. Oh no. It's nice here to shave it, I don't know. I guess we ought to point out if anybody missed this year on Tuesday, that that kackle. Who sound you here is our own mark Eisenberg from the Joe Mark show overnight with needs a lot of work and you said he was dull He is But it goes to show an issue we can make even the dullest of the dollars Pretty entertaining how do you like that? In fact, there is a program suggestion for Joe and Mark if they would just play that cackle overnight Got to do better in a one five, you know? A one point five share I mean how many people does that translate to a three in a morning? About thirty man pretty lame guys see but again this is this is business Not personal For all this confused with that there's no I have no problem with Joe Castelo would mark Eisenberg with the Joe Rose with Hank Goldberg with that Capon which him managed with a guilty with whom I leave now with the big Oh right right would Joe's a gackie, but he's the terminal on the air. I like all of those people some of malad Some of them yeah, no, but seriously, we all get along fine There's only one person who's the sugar in a wood pile everybody hates him like poison But the rumor on the streets is even the actual Ontario they're talking about it The same man if you heard the Joe Rose old number 80 is gonna be back in at morning show pretty soon. That's that's the rumor That's the story on a rate flying from great read I'll see here's a facts from Teddy in wherever Teddy is in Miami chronic fancier or ever in Kendall he says your pull is not up yet. Well guess what Teddy Whenever whenever he fetched him sure that it wasn't up with itself right now and the magic Johnson show 11 is leading For sure, it was only on for like about five minutes. It's a very very impressive He-ha's got that 11 from magic it's six for a he-ha six for opera You could knock me over with a feather on that. I mean, I thought I disagree. It's a bad show, but the worst all time 7 for Oprah. She's moving to the second place that fat bitch My mother the car five Jerry spring or show five to show five to show five angel four the 18 for and the 70s done in Marie shows got four Mash your pair. We're just getting this thing going Now, let's see Teddy says who wants to be millionaire? Which is what you said before the show started I don't think so although I think some better ones since that but it but get it on there Not no mole Also, it says the time green show Which incarnation well, it says I'm thinking talking about the original He was eating the worms and stuff on here I don't know what happened with him like I told MTV destroyed him, but originally he was just a panic He was a really funny guy and they just made him into an asshole and I think maybe when they suck that one nut out You think that did it? Maybe that was where the talent was maybe all of his humor was in that one nut that he lost got a who you'd ever find that nut Again, maybe we could stuff out of somebody's echo. I want to mention no name I love you Not inject a little humor in the morning shoot. I was thinking a little bit earlier than that one We're ready to got humor on the forlshaw He saw honey's and bevison but had were also pretty firm in the sea now. He's got a list. I'm sorry Teddy you're making a list Should this story about the big old defenses is this even worth reading? I don't know no If cute, but it just I see Greg and sunrise Greg just looking to take a little shot Not actually Greg said something nice. You said it could have been a good show honey Got it. Yeah, it's the sexist one faxes this one person's faxed you, but they fact's the same fax five times So no way which one I'm not even gonna say what it is you haven't gotten it Well give me all in other words I wasn't a bad idea, but five freaking faxes of the same thing the same way are you such a goddamn hard ass man I even spit the way I am Greg and sunrise is the worst TV so we're not gonna do local shows You know, but he said the Neo Roger Sean whammy which he's right. It was an embarrassment the lack of quality audio and poor production We're they potentially great program the whole thing was in abortion They kept putting these stupid long phone calls on there no matter what I tell them They would listen to me because they were the experts in the cell and happened to that whole whammy experiment And I'll say I'll blame Gley Saki is what they said big sign on the door there now Let's see hello Larry says somebody get that on there right away Warren and Bokas says Coprock producer Stephen Bosco's attempt to combine a musical police drama September the 719 90 a piece of direct. Oh, you pop rock. Oh, yeah getting these yes Somebody says little house on the prairie poor Michael landin. Oh, now Boy, oh boy, this is really a but I'm we're putting them all on here. We're not we're not gonna censor whatever you want on here We're sticking them in some of them surprisingly like Oprah I mean her showed us blow, but obviously there are a lot of people out there are deeply and bitterly offended and Wish to hell that bitch would go away and never to help come back again In addition to which most of our audiences male anyway and most of the males are intelligent enough to realize that she just appeals to like you say the fat shut in women Oprah Yeah, so we got the little house on a prairie I don't know that he became a religious not didn't he wasn't he was Jewish yes, but my friend and religious Jewish and then but no But it wasn't he like the need to become a born again Christian or something? No, it just became very promote like a Julie Roman Somebody says rip tide I don't remember that you remember the name some detective is or something Well get it on there right away. I'll read you the whole list of them in to make sure we got them all Somebody says Ralph right next montage sucked okay again. That's a local show Nobody remembers that it was it was awful because Ralph was boring. I don't know you remember Montage sure Well, what do you expect he was a boring guy? Yeah, was bite. I still I don't care what anybody says As boring and doll as he was he was a legend in a local news business We've had very very few people in doing news on TV and softboard over the over the all the years had been there Who have really made a difference who have meant anything he was one and Bishop was another one and I wonder if Sandy still got her body lock up in a trunk Do you know that Sandy a patent stole the trunk from jazz McKinas got and Bishop's body in it? Every now and then she drives over the channel 10 parking lot and Dwight sneaks out and eats a little well Now what was I gonna say about oh yeah the news people I'll tell you who I really like who was great Who was outstanding but he was smart enough to get there a lot of town when that was John Hamburg Yeah, were you around when John Hamburg called in and when I was doing the Dion out in the your Frankie? That was on Zeta. No, it was not it was an IOD while that was that first year then I wasn't there yet It was the first year in IOD and I was playing some cuts from that your Frankie on which by Dion which was just sensational And Hamburg called on here because he wanted then I said hey we can get you Cabi. I don't know I want to pay for it He was a great news guy John Hamburg. He was he was very flamboyant. He was a real performer. You know The Lamaia Cornball side, but he was good But the naming I mean please don't tell me like Tony cigarette or cigarette or that silly goose Who else Joe Rose Joe's not a news gun talk about the news people and please don't don't start now that I'm building you up to the level Or that he'll never match now you're trying to find the you know Chinks in the you would file like a wisdomster his work on TV why you watch channel six news sometimes and you watch him doing the sports no Soon as the sports comes on man you're back Sniffin armpits again somewhere and it's certainly not at home 19 till noon 560 WKOM I keep thinking about that episode you had last Thursday I can't believe I just can't believe you survived that I don't either Seriously, it was an out of body experience. I think he should know I go on vacation I had you know an okay time Amsterdam is solid. It's not what it used to be. But it's all right And my first day that I come back I'm not even working. It's this past Monday Monday morning. I just happened to be in here just seeing if everybody still lived down there Which I guess that was a good that was the appropriate question and And George says has anybody talked to you is anybody and I'm taking on here. We go again. It's always this it has anybody talked to you like like what I was only gone for a few a week and a half I'm flung enough. Oh my God See when you when you go away for a few days at QM you do have to wonder when you come back Is everybody still alive? Is there going to be a crater where the station is right? That's right 18 till noon and 560 WKOM By the way, a good piece of news is begin a consistency Gary Sartner still an asshole If you're even thinking about making a sports wager this year think VIP sports book.com They've been here for years. You know, this is a time of year for all the sports sports start to claim that they're the biggest To the best because football start up any second Don't send you money to some book in Costa Rica in the jungle somewhere play with a sports book with class with people you can be trust them VIP sports book.com is the safest book you'll ever hear about They're the oldest and largest sports book in the Netherlands 100% legal lessons by the Netherlands gaming commission VIP sports book.com is South Florida's favorite sports book Son of before the NFL regular season and you can bet on all the South Florida teams juice free You want bet on the dolphins. It's 100 to 100 you want to bet on the hurricanes It's 100 to 100 so forget about ever having the lay 110 to 100 on your home teams all preseason son of scotted 20% cash bonus Not some funny money match play bonus VIP sports book.com Call them check them out online or call them at 1 866 VIP bets that's 1 866 VIP bets for VIP sports book.com We're like always tell you be the VIP Busman out baby out baby hot as a Texas drought She'd be skinny if she's up up in the chocolate center mouth playing the fans around the world To hit and then go win nuts. Oh a sister and then he brought word and give her two thumbs up check out how we're friend and lawyer And the purple hair and Kim Bobby trendy for Sunday and no sugar pie You know him critics say it's game's worst yet. It's number one ranked that don't bother and And she's up and all the way to the bank Yes, indeed baby. She's got ratings that Donald Trump does save your Sunday night for Anna on the channel She got bigger months and Anna. Maybe in Camels of Justice Save your Sunday night for Anna on the key channel How can nobody's mention that show you? You just did we want to put it on there you bet I'm sure it'll do very well the Anna Nicole show You know the bloodhumb gang has got to be one of the most underrated groups of all time I love the bloodhunker great You Far out for mainstream America. That's what a blood hank gang did make it bigger gigantic in Europe. Oh well Bill says just to clarify the actual name of that abortion from the ex-lakers star was the magic hour But I think we'll leave it the way it is so they know what it is since it is in first place magic jocelyn 18 votes Oh, it's here for the magic man Patty I think says Patty says the worst show of all time was Mary Hartman Mary Hartman Got it got it. List is growing I love this story because it's more indication that the U.S. is in the dark ages. I keep telling it instead of in the stone age New zoom and parliamentary committee recommends liberalizing nations marijuana law. Oh right just like here in Canada I'm looking at the window. There's a guy with a big bomb carry you carrying like right on a shoulder There's walking on the street puffin away would have a smile on his post water pipe Members of a select committee urge parliament to give a high priority week. I high priority Is that a plan words to be classified cannabis so that minor offenders no longer face a criminal conviction And to find you know, you could do something on every phrase in here is that miners were talking about no longer face a criminal conviction In a final report released last week by the House of Committee of Wellington, New Zealand There conclusions marked the end of a three year inquiry by the committee to assess marijuana's altruist and determine an appropriate legal status for the drug We recommend that the government give a high priority to which reconsideration of the classification of cannabis I'll offer is also recommended first time marijuana uses v-dever to drug treatment rather than face criminal sanctions marijuana risk currently comprise an estimated 95% of all drug arrest in New Zealand marijuana position is punishable about three months in jail in a five hundred dollar fine So like the rest of the civilized world except for the US moving away from this try to put everybody in goddamn jail For the wacky weed By the way speaking of our bedtime stories you see this views on the economy. Worcending you see that one. Yeah, you see any of them No, I looked I looked this morning. Did you take a puke? decide that 60% of the people now say the economy is bad and a majority disapproved away. I'll present it. They is handling it Then be a good poll question one day for you to take whose drummer Arnold Schwarzenegger or to George W. And that's tough like that Who's more articulate 567.0560. Let me run down the whole list real quick. The worst regularly scheduled TV show of all time. We're talking network shows Not local shows it said we're talking they know what we're talking about. No, they don't well They better Ducca has the 18 test by an angel. Oh, but by the way when that last break started before was it just last one or one before that I What evidently you you you're you still playing the spots out of the other studio not and not no mode. Oh Because I couldn't hear the break and I'm sitting here. Oh, that was the previous time. That was out of the other studio. Yes. I see we're okay now Okay I'm being so happy the 18 test by an angel TJ hooker magic Johnson show night stalker golden girls opera Hawaii five Oh chip stunning Marie the 70 show Jerry Springer mash the Brady bunch hardcastle McCormick Greenek is Beverly Hill, the least my mother the car. He Ha I don't even want to say that you know He Pettico that was very good Pettico junction. I'm now. I know you lived in Montana for awhile. It's the Barnaby Jones Jackie Mason show Coprock ripped I had a little house on a peri hello Larry the Tom Green show who wants to be my leader in the Anna Nicole show that'll be been buddy out. I don't think so Sounds right W to Q. I am hello Yes, sir. Yes Is he out there speaking You know I'm right here. Yeah, right in my chair And then Okay, the Chevy chase you I forgot to read that when do we ever get that on there while he's doing his joke that we're not gonna listen to Tv chase I don't think it made it to the site yet I see I'm all because I forgot to read that just because I had written I had rid it in a Screened place off to the side, but somebody Alex just backed it in to remind us It's his the Chevy Tinsure was so bad last about at five episodes It was an abortion baby. It was bad. It's you all see that no mole In fact speaking a mole. We're gonna see him Not I don't know they're just a lot of rumors story. It was swirling around and And you know to hear how frantic he is to try to mend fences with me and he's offering to take me to lunch and he's called me by my actual like You know Neil Rogers a visit. I mean, who the hell are you kidding man forget about it's too late ain't gonna happen Like Cornelius brothers and sister Rose said it's too late back to turn your muskrad back in and that what they said yeah You jackass you simple then you embezzled Absolutely you've seen that old coat with checkered pants and bad vertical spanes and a smelly bag. It should all go away to him drug bills Jesus In fact, I think what we're gonna do is we're gonna try to like graph 10 Williams hit onto his body But just the hair the changes attitude well and it tends already got some nice hair on there. It comes with a package We can bring Bena Legosi and verse Carl off back just for a couple of hours to work on it saw off most head and stick 10 Williams head on his body I think I got a winner there I think it would be sensational Oh, then we also had this small problem. We got this to run in your website Don't forget by the way we got fresh new stories on air like when you get up in the morning every day now It's that heavy new weight hours and hours until well, you know you know the way it was Yeah, I still don't understand why you revived them Schwartz negrophilms would trigger FCC equal time rule. I don't know so the good news is that you won't be seeing turn on your at least in California They won't be turning on their TV and do watch and total recall or the terminator Or different strokes with Gary Coleman the next several months Because if they put those shows on area would allow rival candidates all hundred and thirty five or whatever They're to demand equal time So if you live in California, what a how am I even reading that do we have anybody listening California? Oh, they're not. I mean might have one or two 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line WQA and hello What the how was that that wasn't the usual? Oh, what was that that's the answer machine WQA and hello Is it QN yes, sir. I Want to get on here go ahead. You're on right now. Okay. Got a show for us Excuse me. I say what what what's up? Okay. Yeah. I wanted a one of the throwing a shot They mentioned What was it called? Show that you had like a white wig on and was like a redneck family Mama family Yeah, okay, thanks a lot, pal. You're saying yes. That was the name of the show. That was an image of mama's family Mama But she don't remember I remember mama cuz it's before you were born all three of you put together there before you were born I remember mama I was a naughty show. I remember mama's family the car Do you know what year that was I bet you that was like 1955? I'm almost tempted to get to TV book out, but I'm not gonna do it. Oh, we can wait for book a brand to come Yeah, I remember mama. He had either the only old trolls old enough probably mocha to remember that one absolutely No, it was only about 50 when atcha was on back in about 55 56705 60. Yeah, let's go to the let's all go to lunch with moids goons. What do you say? Bring your own glass be by OG Most of the restaurants in South Florida you have to don't you have to bring your own glass especially like it What's the one where we're gonna skip or Chuck always attract tropical acres? Oh, yeah That walk in there and you hear all that sound them And you realize it's all the glasses fizzing all the color on the tables there's sponsor Yeah, why are you telling me that oh, no was that me? I'm in there a sponsor on this show no on the Station somewhere somehow well Let me ask you is the Miami-Herald run spots on a station? I don't know yes, are we gonna stop rip it in a hero? No, okay, just just keep that in mind okay take it on the consideration 1157 at five 60 WQM. I'll tell you who's advertising on a show for a long time now No, be here forever and that's our friends at Halle Patti X EMC An ounce in a 2003 Neil the O'Blow-outs show like the likes of which you never heard going on right now And Halle Patti at get the lowest prices in town from time limit Joe Pareto Neil the O'Brow 1 gets 0% financing for 60 months on every 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock Neil the O'Brow 2 get up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 GMC in Pontiac in stock all you created a former military personnel get yourself an initial 750 dollar rebate from your friends at Halle right now you can buy yourself a 2003 Pontiac Sunfire for only 11,098 or a full size year for just 15,098 hurry in now because inventors are limited and They continue offering you this. I don't know why but they're doing it you can test drive any vehicle on the left for 24 hours Take it home take it to work take it to the ball game take it to the massage partner wherever you like have a great time And as always, Halle's got a great unbeatable selection of certified pre-owned cars truck'sness UVs and it credits been a problem with the Anipassin card dealerships. It's no problem and Halle ever Halle Patti X EMC 134 O'Blow 1,066 E-highway that's US one across from the falls open every day seven days a week If you mind more information on these Neil deals just call the Neil the O'Blow hotline. It's tool free call 1 triple 8 5 3 4 42 11 that's one triple 8 5 3 4 42 11 and don't forget all Neil deals Submit the credit to prove. We'll see our friends in Halle for all the details that's Halle Patti X EMC who are definitely Professional great Sports radio 5 60s I like to relax my have a merry magnet on the side my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12 to one hour Hey honey, I'm coming hungry. What do you say we go somewhere to eat? Hey, I got it. Let's go to Hooters. Oh, no, I got a better idea come on a better idea than Hooters. All right. What is it? Just wait you'll see Ladies if you're tired of your man dragging you off to Hooters, so he can watch the jiggle fast Now you have an alternative. It's Hawkers all our waiters are man and tiny The loin satan cheese strings for the jiggle all their own Hi there and welcome to Hawkers my name's Dick And I'll be your winner this evening. Hello, Dick. Oh my gosh honey. He's he's hardly wearing anything And he's jiggling all over the place. This is disgusting relax dear honkers is no worse than Hooters Hey Dick. He has some am are you ready to order? Yeah, how much for this? Honey, geez, I can't believe you did that that's so that's so sexes come on honey. I jealous are you? No, I just I Honey can't we go to red lobster instead I want meat hey hot stuff Horkers for the tables are turn Come on to a 560 WC Marlow Thomas in that girl Danny Thomas ain't gonna be too happy about that he's been dead a long time any? Danny Thomas. Oh, yeah And then there's another one it makes no sense at all WSV and news is that a is that what we're talking about? No, he even said no local shows WSV and news major tracking without our senses their ghouls. Please let me know what started the mo Can you read this? No The mo sacks ain't all whatever Not enough All about the old children and maybe will I because he said it? Yes, he did we have proof Right, but that one's not on the on the thing right is not on the key. No, he vetoed it will change Well, be well, what he said it? Come on, Mo asshole So anyway, that's what started he said will terrible and rape me and we decided it would be a hurry I'm using thing and after that all the sunny still getting me pi everybody the old jumped on the Absolutely pain wagon Five five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty I worked on a weather radar there Finally a scum sentinel in a Harold both of them and it looks uh, I don't know it's the Around notices that the game will go on but it's not definite yet. I'll keep talking because I got to fix my fast machine Early yeah, well, not a very rare paper jam that was almost ever happens in my very expensive brother fact machine How about better than that piece of crap you got there. Yeah, what is it? It's print right now as I speak. Okay, let's get to get this list build out we got the magic Johnson's Road 26 Jerry's Granger 15 Oprah 14 Time with touch by angel he halls got 12 The Elijah show on whammy 10 which I didn't even knew we put that on there my mother the car nine the 188 Donnie and Marie the 70s version of it seven and in the cold, but she just put that on it right already got seven yeah Let's see here's when it says the worst or whoever was Adam 12 another one you would have watched because it was a cop show Yeah One item 12 this is one man pro you right it was a horrible show, but I like the one guy that was on it a one cop Adam Manimal Now see I know the name of that show, but what that was it? It was a cop who turned into an animal to fight crime Are you sure? Manimal okay get that on there right away. They'll get some both now. Let's see look at this look at this facts holy cow Good stuff the first concerning your pull if I can say that I Nominate section the city okay get that on because it has the most ridiculous premise in the history it tried to create a Sex symbol out of arguably the most monstrous Being able to appear on stage or screen surgesica parker That beast could gag a maggot you take Matthew Bradford could have chosen a more realistic beer no man alive could do that creature Also no way that does a Y 50 along on his list. I agree with that, but It started with possibly the greatest theme music until business. I'm gonna get the music out during the break All right you got it. I got it here. Okay, in fact winman But I'll let on its Cecil. Oh man just get into the good part too good Look at oh there was a good part. I haven't heard that yet later. Let it go. Let's see this number two And I think these are the ones that have this these discs that I got here these cities have got the Like little clips from PSAs you know like a raven or yeah, but there won't be on here I don't know maybe Jack Lord will be on there since something in a squishy voice or Zulu Anyway, because I want to say had the greatest theme music in TV history McGear was Maybe the biggest hard ass ever on TV and it had really recurring character was without it Wanted a great TV villains of all time the spy master all around arch criminal from red china wolf fat What is the only other TV bag that comes closest Dr. Miguelito loveless on the wild wild west? This Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! This takes your breath away. I need a towel. Almost as good as the thing that I'm always playing with something that I'm always playing. Barty Jones. Barty Jones always gets his man. Is that on here? Oh, wow, why am I playing these stupid ass themes again? How'd I get sucked into this? That's good, it's fun. Where'd that always be, Jones? Not on this one, I'll find it. He always gets his man. Bill Ross, I bet he's dead from Channel 7. I'm the only one left who knows who Bill Ross was. You know who the other guy was Wayne Chandler because he's do the kitty show. That's right, the Sunday funny that I watched it often with Toby. Anyway, it says I like Wayne Chandler. He was a good guy. Also, the offense when the Super Bowl actor David Woodley played Marina Cooken there in his second and greatest season 1984, they got their asses handed them by the 49ers. Somebody said he forged your Montana road, just made a look like monkeys. Well, that's right, you can't say monkeys, though. Look what happened to Howard Kossil with Alvin Garrett, remember that? Me, Ralph and Garrett? Probably. Who? A lot of these were all they'd get. Oh yeah. Finally, go easy on that nuts rod Dennis. You have to feel sorry for him. No! No, I feel sorry for us. For years you told us how the ranks of the Roman Catholic clergy were populated by Proverbs and weirdos, the only people who could possibly be attracted to that insane and human-volve, celibacy, bull crap, it turned out, of course, that you were 100% correct, which is Gauls The Hall of Old Dennis. I mean, if you were so correct about that, it forced them to face the possibility that you mean might be right when you say Catholicism, Christianity, and general origins are horsesmen. Everything he's believed this whole life that he learned from his mommy and daddy, horsemen There'll be no great reunion way up in heaven with his dearly departed grandma with his long dead pet dog buddy or with anybody else I didn't know Dennis had a dog name buddy When you dead you're dead. You've shaken his whole world view which is why he's so insanely obsessed with you Dennis is truly an object worthy of pitiates is What it says he's an object worthy of pity. I was thinking of it in simpler terms like Look at that. Can you believe what just happened here? He's an asshole. Yeah, actually I got all these disc flat around Got a lot of unplanned heavy duty crack going on here. It's a little bit too much like work 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line the worst Regulish scheduled TV show of all time is or was WQAM Yes, sir Was that the name of the show? Yeah, yeah That year you're right. I know even I'm a burst of myth that I've watched that Put that on there. It's good a win. It's on thanks, Pally. All right. I'll be knocking Scott. Beomay. Watched it. Oh, that's right Scott. Beomay. Johnny loves Chachy. I like Johnny too, but not enough to watch that show. I like Chachy a lot and I don't have to watch that show He was okay. He had his moments. Let's see. What am I looking for now? Oh, uh, that's that that's Barnabey Miller Yeah, that's good. I'm a part of me a Barnabey Miller. Sure. I watch that cop show of course. Here's Barnabey Jones one moment please, okay 560 50 50 50 50 Well, that's your scared the crap out of me when you Okay, that's enough of that crap. Let's get the good stuff on That's already done Oh, it's the three to the farm we don't see the three to the San Francisco There we go Barnabey Jones. All these bitches man You give her seafood a loss and mode together. Oh, I think it was the same person Sorry, Bill I This is short. It's only three five second movement. I think it was like ending the ending. It's just so it's like a gigantic climax work work Wow, it's a little weak in the middle there. You know kind of like dittles around there Oh, that's the freestyle dancing interlude. Woo. Oh, yeah I remember buddy. He absolutely like 10th answer to that right here in the middle of a gemidized driveway. Oh, he called it Huffin He was an old hofer 560 50 50 60. We got the Marlin game coming out We're they're gonna play the game. Okay, because we said yes, okay? Go upstairs They're hot as a firecracker. You don't want like have a game rained out when you're on a hot streak They won two big extra in-game's over the Dodgers They're have game out of the fillies in a wild card race and some people are actually like checking the scores now And nobody will give me an honest answer of like help bad the weather was last night that they only had 12,000 people Because I noticed night before they also had only 12,000 people And last night was that big fag night is then as told everybody at the ballpark We're a norm brought a whole bunch of queens Not third man the ballpark to go stuff at a tenets or go swear where they could maybe some in a players probably put them over the top There were top but the nobody will tell me what the weather was really like their last night Cuz I remember a couple of weeks ago on a Sunday when they were like in the middle of a gigantic streak and they'd have all these big crowds for like 35,000 For giving away bobblehead dolls and all the southern bull crap and dog trellas pigeon and then a Sunday after them against Houston on a very nice sunny day no rain 12,000 people 12,000 people and I don't care what my good friend any case says it does make a difference Okay, because that's basically what it's all about if it is how does they are right now They're talking over 500 they're in a wild card driver's seat right now and if nobody's showing up and they still all care And what's the point? What is the point can you tell me? I don't know and why don't we care in this game this afternoon all over we're praying like how they play it 12 13, yeah, let's go to the ballpark. Let's go right now Oh my way You know last Thursday George put dry concepts to the ultimate tag. Yes, they probably worked there Thursday What did they show up Friday the album on day the following Monday nicely? Well, he put them at the ultimate test what I'm looking at sokin and you know Yeah, stay No, and then to put them to the the old like I said the ultimate test to see if they could really do the job after days of all that blood Staining in a carpet is soaking in there working its way warming its way into the bottom of the carpet in the fibers See that's what they do is they drag clean your carpets Which suck out even the deep down crap in your carpeting in the fibers in there which makes them look just like brand new Stay a lot cleaner longer and last longer to they smell lemony first. They're trying a couple of hours You'll say it's a miracle. I wouldn't believe that to anybody nearly died in that carpet And right now dry concepts the number one carpet cleaning coveting the universe who've been doing my home for over 20 years Or offering you a chance to save some money to unnext carpet cleaning save 15% if you like just call dry concepts that they're toll free number 1-800-248-5071 has to be put on their stand by list or if you're like what we had last Thursday They're laid down list Then dry concepts will call you next time they have an opening under schedule just like when you're flying stand by If you're available when they have an opening they'll knock 15% off their regular price and don't forget They do give you a written guarantee price up front before they start to job No rip off no games no BS just the stupidest unbeatable job every time So called dry concepts today as to be put on their stand by list It might even have an opening for the day that you call them you'll still get a next 15% off the price of the job column toll free 1-800-248-5071 Or check them on the web if you like a dry concepts dot com Oh, that a penis Oh Don't leave all by the rocks in my pants. I'm tiny with the big fat for the written I got a signature my not all those stand I bet you didn't know I'm meaning a man a shape leap. I got a really old Jack But I'm still known as the girl from the block for me. That might be a lot but very little know that I have a thing I thought that it's dressing like this in my teens dressing like a bus of queen with just some kind of jeans Really going teach my body around the like my daughter You I'm a manly man. That's not cottage cheese on my cam I got my movie back there in the jam my hair is real give it a squeeze And my hair too. I do that are cap on a feminine voice, but I got a little girl So I don't have a choice I like this surprise to me either the boys when they get a load of I am circumcised boy Nothing else is going in all harmonies, but other mind closed the rest is me Don't be pulled by the rocks in my pants I'm chubby with the big fat for the written I got a secret you may not understand I bet you didn't know I'm really a man a shape even whatever you can I'm a little Jack, but I'm still known as the girl from the block Morning men want me a lot but very little know that I have a big drool 12.20 16 WQA and I love the way that ends That is the way it ends is no yeah, I guess okay, oh that's what it is the worst Reganized schedule TV program of all time was or is magic Johnson show 33 And in a cool show and received I was a late edition today and everything I played it But 18 already passing Oprah like she was standing still curie springers time with up for 17 He halls got 15 also touched with angel 15. You're right. You're sure on whammy 11 The 18 10 my mother the car nine cop rock nine Donn and me show from the 70's eight everybody else a gold and girls five tiny potatoes for everybody else 567.05 60 pound 560 on a 18 team Verizon like I got the Marlins in the Dodgers because I have a one don't we yes? So far I mean the way you said yes like Adam and Yes How do you QAM hello? Yeah, so this game's gonna be played today is stop raining so if you're gonna get your afternoon off Excellent One question and once a gestion Yes, questions are you gonna have the van out selling the goodies on the street this year? Yes, absolutely Did they know when they're where or that's you know? Don't don't push me out too hard okay's getting married Saturday Because a lot of times the website took a little bit of time to get delivered right My suggestion is probably at the workshop that's all I'm kind of stupid was cannon with rolling conrass Oh, the big fat guy. Oh, you didn't like cannon. Oh, please every time he saw the mystery Of course he replaced me after some Olympic sprinter and he would find a short cut and he of course won't be right down George George probably hated the options for that reason alone He drove a hell of a mercury mark. He though outside of that big big juke-noo Yeah, that 50 that 50 combo which of course did they expect it as a had a court lower problem than when you have this studio Exactly. Okay. Thanks, Palli. So we got one for cannon which I guess I better get those themes back out I just put them all away again. I want to do that. No, I don't think cannons on or anyway. I think it is I don't want to play I thought I thought we actually put that in the DCS once upon a time. Do you know Like I said. I think we didn't put it in there Okay, so what was he just saying? Cannon got that on your journey loves Chachi Was that the theme from cannon? No, I thought it went like is that I need that game? What's I mean? I'm like that 5605056. One thing William Conrad and say the crews haven't common They're both dead I don't be laughing like that all your people are gonna start ganging up again. They're gonna get pissed off Making a light of poor Cecil Cruz like that shame on you man. W to Q a m Those are my favorites when it makes that like popping sound like I poppy W to Q m hello. Hey, yes, sir. I would like to offer two suggestions Anything anything that That's the twin mark and production if you can remember those any Cannon the cannon and Barnaby Jones Yeah, all of them and the Action and epilogue it felt like I was going to a to a Broadway show right and then any of the Peace of crap shows that came out in the middle 80s like Staircone this can or Facts of You know, you know, it's how lenient I was there. I must be in a really good mood especially not we know the ball games getting played with you Not a lot of fun and what's that's gotta be it? He's a gun on all day because I let him go and when it goes to show the audience Sometimes it won't you know you hang up on people right away your cut people well Didn't I set the ground rules earlier? I made it very very queer as queer as I can that You know one one to a customer pick one and now he's going on Quinn Martin production which it was about the how many of those And then any of those shows from the mid 80s okay well that cuts it down to about 300 Yeah See one thing about people in South Florida and they do a very good job of it. They live. I'm not saying everybody just most They live to be exasperating they they love to do it. Oh well, I I thought you meant you know I thought it was they hear what they want to hear how about those tickets that you're given away. Yeah How about them WQA and hello if you have not ordered this resource previously ask for Sandy Gauss at marketing services How you doing Sandy? WQA and hello How you doing pretty good? How about you have a bit for how about L L Yeah That was horrible show. L was horrible you're right You can play the bit Okay, thanks, Pally. Do we have an elf fifth? Yeah. That's relatively new What is it called? I don't know it's a pet and go I don't know okay, well, that's also a little nervous about seven thousand I don't know what that bit is okay If see that's another thing if we knew what tell it was called Anyway, you got it down you got an elf got out great Magic Johnson. I'm telling you he only wishes he had that many people watching the show Doing very well. WQA. I'm hello. Hey, good morning. How you doing? Wynasties Hey, Wendy's got some for the ball buddy. Okay Go ahead. Okay Number one is channel seven news with Ricky Tiki Staches I'm blowing my brains out right here on the radio Yeah No local shows in addition to which news is not a TV show okay. It's not a show. It's not a show News is not the show The sports on the news is not the show And we can you can do that one day. There's not the pull out pillow for hours one day or maybe three. Oh, thanks Why not new shows? Yeah Another dual my teeth you could do network news shows and local news shows A lot of time oh my god. It would be stimulating man. Look at all like a city for the great newscasters We've had top photo of the year. Look at look at the bottom Ralph Ruanic and then Bishop and he was no prize in the first place, but he was just there long time like I said John Hamburg and Ann Bishop and she was no great shakes either when you come right down to it Well, she did shake but not like she didn't shake now like a girlfriend to Janet Can you see Janet and sister Eugene Trying to insert that Who had a divine rolling the two headed device 26 past and pectoral that's what said to which Anna said let's put our heads together Right, let's see if we can't come up with a solution for this alien problem If you're even thinking about making a sports wager this year and I guarantee you a lot of you are Then think about VIP sports book dot com because they've been around for years for a coupons age You know this time of the year all the sports books start claiming that they're the biggest for the best What football is here? Don't send your money to some book in a Costa Rica in jungle somewhere and you have no idea where it's gonna wind up play with a sports book with class With people you can trust VIP sports book dot com is the safest book you'll ever hear about They're the oldest the largest sports book in the prestigious Netherlands That's Holland the Udumys out there how to present legal and license by the Netherlands game in commission VIP sports book dot com is soft lotus favorite sports book So sign up before the NFL regular season you can bet on all the soft floated teams do Street and that's so what we like our lives do free you want to bet the dolphins it's a hundred to one hundred You want to bet the her cones it's a hundred to one hundred so forget about it We're having really down a hundred and ten to one hundred on your home teams all preseason Son of skitt a 20% cash bonus not some funny money match play bonus either VIP sports book dot com Check them out online or call them at one eight six six VIP bets that's one eight six VIP bets and VIP sports book dot com where you are the VIP You strike you work Oh Such a clever You know how he said the word controller? No, 1232 at 560 W2M so anyway the good news is the ball game is on. That's what we're hearing. Aren't you hearing that? Yeah, here ball game sounds already. Here's a great suggestion for our pull our senior hall show. I mean embarrassing. You know, he's not anybody ever watched was to see if he would actually slide off the couch on the floor. Remember how he always used to sit right on the front edge of the sofa like practically in the lap, or whatever the guess was because he was so sincere I guess is what a one. Anyway our city all get him on there right away. I don't think nobody's going to catch magic though. The magic man is okay really. 560. 70560. I think you're pardon? I didn't say anything. Magic Johnson. Sure can run. Huh? George is getting a little sports intensive here today. WQAM hello. I got one for the ball. Yes sir. I'm thinking American Idol. American Idol is a horn to show. Are you for him? Is that a whole yeah? It is now. Alright. Thanks a lot, Pally. You got it. You have a great day. American Idol get that on there right away. Say a horn to show. Of course any of these so called, but now what do they call these? These are the reality shows. They're like contest show. Oh God. Justin never ending Pope Maria of Swill of wannabes. A lot of be human beings. In fact what what the Kristen Kristen what thousand those two losers on there. That fruit cake. Oh Justin and Justin. Justin and we just in the weenie and whatever a whole name was I mean give me a break. Oh God. But we can call it a lay. I'm a good person. Rubin and clay with a lay to winters. See this is a kind of show that Miguel watches. Okay. This is why we let him come in on a banana boat. So we can watch American Idol. This 22. Cut 12. What? Alpha. I don't have that stuff. What's the name of it? Behind the planet bill man. I like I would put that on this thing. I wouldn't put that on here. Son in my repertoire. You play it. Okay. You play not today either. You play someday when you're on. Man. Actually it's coming up tomorrow. Pretty. Got one of the outfits. Okay. It's coming up when Georgia's on solo tomorrow. The reason we're doing screen list today. I don't want to put this on here. But it's kind of embarrassing is that we couldn't afford to replace Beener Boy. So the Scott that we have working in the studio now is actually Scott He has a very distinctive voice as you know. Right. And if we have the screen and we call it's going to be a definite giveaway. So I guess I had to break the news to him sooner or later because we can't do Scream us forever. He's not making enough money with only two hours. Exactly. He only took it to two hours anyway. And then of course he has been tried to muscle. He does the crossover with Moe and across over us. He's like trying to spread his wings and muscle into as much as he can to make a few extra bucks. So we have for us going to be answering a phone from here on in. Check it out. Ha ha ha. 560 50560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless. WQM hello. I have a show for the poll. Sure go ahead. I've got spin off from to be top of the ropers. The ropers? Good guy. Good number. The neighbor's dad's car will show. Oh my god. That might be the winner right there. Too bad I got on so late. Thanks a lot, pal. Okay. And by the way, speaking of three's company, that's not a trap liver. Get that on there right away. Oh my god. That John Ritter. He makes me want to go to the bowl and just hang out for hours. He sends you to the litter. He says, we write to the rim. And don't even say it. Okay. Don't even say it. You know how many days it's been since I've had one of those phone calls. You know how long it's been since I've uttered that name or had anybody voiced that person on me. Don't even don't even whisper it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We got a magic Johnson show 37 and an a coal smith show 24 and an a coal. Would that sloppy hole? I can't say that. Can we? I'll dump it. I can't believe they dumped to teach on Scott Show this morning. That's unbelievable. Who is responsible for that? Robert Reaper dumped it. Robert Reaper, you're a pussy man. Okay. I can't. And in this to which he's got the beast sitting right there. The other room. When you look at the beast. Huh? The beast has got. Pair of the biggest key time ever seen in my life. Am I right? Most guys only wish that they had a female companion. Many kind that had breast like that. I mean, you mongers 34 see my ass. I don't want to see your ass. Oh, I bet you don't. And you won't. I'm much of you pick right on the other side. Good thing you forgot that camera. Never you kill Andy. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, you don't get I. I'm to the show there. You certainly can't. Sir. Doctor Phil. Doctor Phil is a magnificent choice. Why can we. How can we put Oprah on it without Oprah Jr. I got. I got two more things. Go ahead. Did you see Ross? Maybe I didn't. I told yesterday. No, I did not. That's okay. That was pretty funny and the other thing about Joe. There was an morning show on Monday or Friday when he was doing it for Manage when they did the intro and we went to the show. Joe said, hey, good morning everybody. Yesterday. You tell me, yesterday. I was pretty funny though. It's him. He's been getting that. He morning show or something like that. Excellent. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks. Probably slip of the tongue. I like the we we. I think he's planning seeds. Planning seeds to replace. I work from Boca. 560. 560. That's it. Joe, I love it. I love the whole approach. You know, then we get him real nervous. Get him real panicking. Get him sucking up to me. Reaching out with his testicles and tentacles. Try to find an ally. Which he's not going to find. Even even Scott. You'll notice he's a. I don't hate how. Well, I, that's fine. We don't care whether he hates him or not. But you'll notice he stopped short of saying like he's an ally. To see him saying. In addition, which he always he always adds to that. Like he did yesterday. I heard that and I loved it. The effect that his show is. It's a bit of a pain. I think the whole concept of the Natasha host just picked was his football play by play. Something to think about. Absolutely. I just mentioned that in passing. Of course it could be a mood point anyway. All this Joe stuff comes. Yeah. Comes home to roost. 20. One till one. We got the Marlins and the Dodgers coming up. We are doing it. Right. We are having a wedding show. It is it's only peeing just a little bit. It's raining around in spots. Get your ass in the car. Go to the ball game. Take a number. Take a poncho. On an informative note. Yes. 2,275 is our total currently. $2275. The rats right there. $2,275. As of yesterday. $2275. But we just started this thing a couple of days ago. Right. That's not too bad. Not bad at all. Get on our website. New Rogers.com. Get your best of Neil. $2223CD. Your Mohower David Keechain. Absolutely. We have the most interesting comments. We also have the t-shirts and mugs and all kinds of crap. And all the proceeds. All the profits go to a van and peer rescue, which is a very outstanding charity. What? They have posters. The posters of one of the CD cover. We got it all. You want it? We got it. This is a copy by the way. You know, a trash rat for was in it this morning with his bald head. And I tore a lot. Even though Scott ripped them in. I forgot to rip him about this copy from like last year. Making Todd Rex seem like Mr. Fresh. Mr. on top of it. You know what I'm talking about? This balance for life thing. Yeah. I mean, let's get serious. Troy. Anyway, balance for life is the way to lose the weight. The beast is doing it. He says he lost over 50 pounds. And I bet she has lost over 50 pounds. Yeah. But we mean last time this time. Next time we don't know. Let's try. Is he ever going to come back in and hop on a scale? Are we going to do that again? We just don't know. We just don't know. He will anyway. Yeah. Let's get it going again. Okay. Let's put the pressure on it. Let's put the owner son is bonus. Okay. No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, no calorie counting, no carb counting. The best part of the deal is no shopping. You don't have to get that cart in the supermarket going up and down the aisle. Asking yourself that magical question. What the hell can I eat and stay as slow as he blows in a weight? Because balance for life does all that work for you. They deliver right here to your door that little black sack like the beast is getting. Every morning by 6 am at your work at home where we want to deliver it. And in your sack is all the food you'll need to keep you happy and the sassy all day long. Three delicious gourmet meals, two great snacks right in that black sack along with a bottle of water. And the beast tells us that the food is good as it always was in the past is even better than ever. The only choice you have to worry about making this filling out that menu once a week. You pick between two choices for each meal and snack every day that's around a program. And that's it. They do all the cooking and all the delivering for you. So let balance for life help you lose that weight once and for all if you're overweight out of shape, Leathergic diabetic or all of these things called balance for life today called nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine. You're starting to result on that scale within just a matter of a day. Check them out on the web if you like at balance for life dot com. Five local six is five six. Three years old yours. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You.