Hide the kids on my way to strap into a fresh hire when it would a navigation system Who's laughing now Neil? I can't get ready. I can't get Hey listen you suck money out of people or anyone I know you all man you're in dark place You're in dark by the way where's you dark done me you can talk to me all Hey, you're a never-nervous No, I don't My Please I'm your pussy ass All day One Well listen you can't keep going baby. Have a nice day I love you I Cheebies back with all your favorite hits on one big album. It's Cheevinix What the hell is she saying? Yes all her classics are here. You'll get me Is It's Get you believe remumble hors Cario in Ability this is Tee-genex Here'sice Chinging eggs, what the hell is he saying? Available about one ankle here, a record to do. Now you're probably wondering how come I played that oldie? Here's the answer for you. Steven is raised in notorious Madonna Brittany Kiss is the most obnoxious television moment ever. Okay, how do you like that? Does anybody care what Steven extends? Oh, first of all, Madonna is too old to be kissing someone who's 22 the Fleetwood Maxing your told The Herald Sun. Hey, never stop me. And Brittany should be smarter than Matt hopefully she'll figure a way out of this hole she has dug for herself. I love that line. I'm maybe sure it's gonna do the same thing too. She's got a digger self out of Madonna's hole. And Brittany should be smarter than Matt hopefully she'll figure a way out of this hole. She has dug for herself. Back home. Wow. Man, I mean want to think about that hole. Pompick, that's a pit. Original rock chick Nick's 55 said Spears and Kristina Aguilarish would wear more clothes and try writing decent songs. Shut up, Stevie. I personally have never been to a strip club but I turn on MTV and I see in every single video what must be like to be at a strip club Nick said, which is why people are watching. Oh, rock. Gumbitch. I think the mystery is gone and if you have no mystery then you already even sexy she said. Real sexuality and sensuality is in the music and these girls vis-a-vis Brittany Spears Kristina Aguilar and on and on should go back to writing songs and start over because it won't last and they won't last. Says Stevie Nicks. What's her latest hit? He just played it. When they're 55 they won't be around and that said because I think a lot of those girls are very talented but they're signing their own death war and Stevie says. Next was a Paul by Madonna's publicity stunt kiss with Spears at the region MTV Awards. I thought it was an off-top, noxious moment in TV history she said. It's in the story twice just in case you missed it the first time. Madonna will be fine Madonna is Madonna. She does what she wants she'll get over this but will Brittany get over it. I don't know. She said. I don't know. Next revealed Madonna and Stentifer Lopez to be in the Smucci routine but JLo told the mange to kiss something else as then maybe her fat back to him. Next is the ultimate rock survivor whether he drug addictions depression and a tumultuous relationship with Lindsey Buckingham it says. Fleetwood Mac performs at Rod Labor Arena February 23rd tickets go on sale Monday. Rod Labor Arena I'm assuming he's like in Australia because this is the Harold son. It's an Australian rag. So there you go. That's a good place for her down under. I think Muff started a little contractum there with me and for how don't you? What was he battling about that you knocked on him before running late? See I know it. I knew that stuff absolutely what an asshole. Duff got up this instant. All I said was go in there until Robert or today at Zach whoever's running aboard to get the last break over between. So right away this man like a child takes it personally and we don't even go to a cross over today because I'd like it then to get the spots over by the time the show starts. What is that fault? Huh? It's his fault. What? For us. There's no question about it. But I'm not looking to start a thing all I'm saying is like a minor thing. Just get the spot break over so when people tune in and 10 o'clock the air to show we're not in a little bit spot break. That's just this is the way it's done. It's called the radio business. That's just the way you do it. The cross over can go on. I know I'm not in a radio business. I know that. That's why I had a radio nightmare last night because I'm on QAM. I mean, we're not asking anything extraordinary or unusual there. Let's all just get the spots out of the way before we come on and do the cross over which maybe they're not going to be any cross over. And if that's what he wants. Hey, life goes on. You know what I'm saying? Oh, he doesn't care. Well, then what was he all been out of shape? He's happy to have something to harp about as you. Oh, good for him. Sounded to me like he was a little porky this morning. Maybe he didn't get out of prebies there with the U of M. Whatever that place was that he was plugging over and over again. What the was that you like don't say it? Oh, he sure learned quick this guy. He's got the toy or plays. He's got the UM place. What a gift job. But he's got the man. I scored Scott. You learned quick. Good going, baby. Lisa McClown. Now this is the first. Oh, I guess I better do the results from the poll. How do I do this? How do I do it, George? I get all the first one is so many goddamn names that dead musician thing. And then we got a preliminary one today because we're going to do dead, the just dead general people. Not dead generals, but like, yeah, I guess it could be. By the way, not to interrupt. And it really doesn't have a lot to do with anything. But we may or may not have the ability to play commercials in the entire radio station today. Just imagine that in passing. Go ahead. Back to you. You do it. Oh, and you wonder why I had a radio tonight, mayor last night. You know, I've been doing this for about 100 years. This radio crap and it is crap. And periodically, I'll have a nightmare. And it's always a variation of the same thing. And one last night was I'm on the air and a station where nothing would be equipment doesn't freak and work. I realized that's it. And the Asia is a totally incompetent. It's a place. Nothing works here. Yeah, that kind of a deal. And my end, I got a record plane and a record of the turn table just stops right in the middle. It just stops. Wow. And there's dead air. And I'm looking around and I'm trying to find something else to play. And it's the same recurring nightmare over and over again. Or like the one I used to have is I'm like a disjockey, but I can't find any music to play. So I keep playing the same record. And I'm looking around desperately trying to find something else that I can't find any music, which I've worked on stations like that is a matter of fact. We're doing it like about seven records. Yeah. And you're doing six hour music show and you got seven records. Oh, God. So anyway, it figures it's a QM thing. So we may not be able to play spots. Right. Now we have Zax, standing by the control room to play this bot side of there. The only one who's squatting by and control room. The only problem with that is. Yeah. They can't play spots out of there either. That we can have somebody play them from Vulpin, but. Yeah. Can't play spots out of there either. Well, you asked me if I care. I don't, I don't overreact to these things anymore. Because I've been on QM almost six years now. And why sit down with my ass and his chair. I expect technical enough to tune. And I'm very, really get disappointed. Everything on this end works great. No problem is here. I think what we're going to do is to find out what the studio is working. El Primo, baby. If it were when it comes back, we'll just run a 20 minute spot break at the end of the out. In addition to which I didn't knock on him for going over all I said was tell Robert who ever to guide them. Bored opposite there. Get the spot. The last spot break done before the show ends. That's all. That's just the way it works in a business and like a real radio station, which I realized we are, but we're at least let's put on a good act. God. I think Dusk would have. He got the for all been out of shape. Now Dusk is going to be crying in there. Oh, gee, I tried. I didn't want to told me to. I went in there and I told I did. Yeah. Because Dusk emotional cripples. If you have a guy, but he's an absolute basketball case in emotional cripple, that's from hanging around with great read to many years and 10 or of course. And you better watch it, Mr. Cause you're in the 10 or building. Yeah. Lisa McClullon, this is from Oakley, California. This is why I'm doing the first pull. Let's do the first pull up there. We far read all this other crap from Fridays. Oakley, California. Lisa McClullon says she isn't erases. She says her campaign for a Caucasian club at her California high school is the move toward diversity, not bigotry. She says everyone is invited and nobody will be excluded. Like Harvey Pack would say, nobody picked six. Remember Harvey Pack? No. But Colin's ethnic background includes American Indian Hispanic, Dutch, German, Italian, Irish, else to believe. She says she and her friends feel slided by other clubs at Freedom High School in Oakley, such as the Black Student Union and the Asian club. The signatures of support from students at else in other sense announcing her plans through Wixido. One person who won't be signing up is Darnale Turner. Learn and defile with Darnale. Darnale Turner first vice president of the local chapter of the NAACP. Turner says he thinks the club will create racial tension. Oh, I do like that. So our first pull today should Caucasian only clubs and groups be permitted in the US. Okay. Got five choices on here. Absolutely not. It's bigotry. Why not? There are groups for minorities. It seems a bit clenish. That's with a K. Not in schools are publicly funded places or will blood test be necessary. That's the five choices on our first pull today. Got it? Got it. Okay. Well, she talked about this many, many times. There's the, what do they call the Negro College of Fun New York? Yeah, the United Negro College. Well, if there was like a United Caucasian College fund, right off the bat a bunch of Pico, Kami, a Fag assholes. Oh, it's a racist thing. There are a bunch of clans. You know, I think white folks on I have a shot. Or two. By the way, speaking of having a shot. I got the Al Franken book finally lies in the lying liars who tell them all. I haven't gotten for any of it, but just to give an idea of how good it is. The name of the second chapter is Ann Colter, not case. Okay. Okay. I might start reading passages from that. I'm not doing that swallowing book no more, but I might start going to that. I'll go for that. It's good. It's great stuff. Al Franken, who just the rips an ass for that Nazi bitch Ann Colter and all these other right wing phony balones, Bill O'Reilly's pictures on a cover by the way. Rips him a good ass. Good. In fact, the light lies in the lying liars who tell them all there's and in the upper left. There's a bush in the upper right far right. Bill O'Reilly, down there and Dick Cheney. And anybody saw 60 minutes last night, what a penetrating piece about Haliburton and the and Beck tell and Cheney and Wolfowitz and Richard Pearl and all the other Dicks. That's the deal, man. And just like I told you before the show, you ought to rewatch the movie network. Just watch the scene in the ITT boardroom. We're in bed, he is sitting on one end of that long table and Howard Beal is sitting on the other one. Peter Finch. And Edbitty says to Peter Finch, he says, the world is a business Mr. Beal. That's all you need to know. If you watched that piece last night, the world is a business and the rest of us were just little pausing a chess game. We mean nothing. We mean absolutely nothing. So remember what I always told you boys and girls, your life is only as important as you decide it is to yourself because in the grand scheme of things, it doesn't mean crap. Okay. Unless you got the really, really big bucks. I'm talking about big big big big big bucks. But here's the mouth readers online. Two slow, though. So I give him a chance to give him a window of opportunity there. And he didn't take the chance to jump through it. I wish he would be the people. She'd open it up and jump right up. Twelve minutes past ten is five sixty. Now what's it deal? We're going to just so I know. I don't know. We got spot. I think we'll be alright. Oh, coming from coming from Scott. You re-shared? Yeah. That's so reassuring coming from you. And by the way, tell your boyfriend to quit being such a, maybe it's time for the month for her, huh? It'd be. God. Sallocchi had his knickers in our ringer this morning just because we were one big at the spot. So we'll be for the show start. That's all. I'm unreasonable. Ah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. You know. Yeah. Yeah. I'm a dreamy bastard. Was really showin' his age and doesn't happen. He poured a bit of a wager he can't get up. And you don't work like a slave. You part to do your back. You're a shaker. He got his dieted. He got his 15-9 for pay. He'll hold up. He comes to sled him blind. He says he's dieted. And he's the life-a-lay-white. The heart to do his back. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. The pain of crappy shaker and the rest of the rugs. He's back. He's back. He's back. He's poorly waged to a boy. He's at his gothic larks of he's back. He's back. I kind of pop a white and American do his back. He's got the girl he's got. He drives around in the black caravan. He's back. To got the gig. To with my small board and then you can. In the back of his board, that's all he did. And then stand was born. He's got to do his back. He's back. He's in the light. And then he finally went with the ash of rises. On the hero myth. He nevermind it. He got his wasn't his, he got to do his back. I never realized why. He's got his body's blood. He's got his back. He's got his body's blood. He's got his body's blood. He's got his body's blood. He's got his body's blood. Did you see the asthram at Cisco? No. The rap star at Cisco went and banned the haircut. Rested for shooting. I started a crawl on there real quick. I've for shooting something. Maybe shooting blanks like Tom Cruise. But at any rate, I don't. I'm looking all over for the guy. I'm straight. Hey, when that happens, you don't see the crawl. And if you don't look fast, then I don't get to whole story. I'm on my got a paper. You see that dream. My head last night. More of my second powers again. I keep it over it. We're in Barton and totally uncharted waters here. In my entire radio history, I haven't seen a rigged up. Now you understand. See if Neil wouldle. Second powers are going to have a technical radio night. Mayer last night. I get up this morning coming here. And nothing works. Let me in. Including my fax machine. My moment please. Hamatoon. Alright. Come on. And a best part of it is there's nothing. I mean, a paper is sitting in there just like it's supposed to. And my fax machine. You know, my beautiful. It always works. Facts machine. But it just part of the ambiance of the whole thing. It's a work of fact. You're this jet. I'll move finally. It's privacy policy. We had this on our website. So again, thank you very much. But if you folks would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. And if you would lead our website. What we're doing is probably going to change periodically during the course of the show. So be prepared for a whole bunch more. More nightmare. See, I didn't make that up. Didn't I tell you before the show that I had a nightmare? And I told you the whole thing was about incompetent engineers and technical stuff wouldn't work. It's my I'm telling you. I'm scared. First words out of your mouth. Put that freaking misclio to shame. I really have psychic powers baby. Man. Woo. You'll find a way to blame me though. Well, that'll probably delay your first paycheck by a couple weeks anyway. You mean to 2006? You'll notice it's a Monday morning. Anybody notice that? Not a morning after the weekend when they screw everything up just like my feed went out for several hours here yesterday because. And you want to know why you know what I wanted to who I blame? I'm going to tell you right now. See WQAM. Why did I get started on this? This has nothing to do with what I was going to put my agenda with my, uh, Fagagenda. WQAM has got 75,000 generals and no soldiers. Everybody is a chief and a tumor. How is that expression go too many cooks and not enough engines? How's that thing go? Too many too many chiefs and not enough Indians. Isn't that the same? That's the thing. You know what I'm talking about. We got we got 50,000 people running around. Not third of me. With titles. We got the general manager. Any operations manager. We're going to program director. Any and then we got rate peri. Which other than give it off the football tickets? We have no idea what that lead doesn't. It's not a rally bell, who runs around just a, so we can have somebody as sure at yours in the building. Well, I mean, we got eight within the generals and those soldiers. That's the problem. And so the weekend there, it's like playtime. It's like a sandbox. It's like freaking kindergarten all over again. All we need is Francis. Or which ended Ding Dong school. But we got that. Yeah. We got her Ding Dong. And so you come in on Monday morning and everything is, ah, you know what? Because we had a Marlon game. We had the dolphin game. And by the way, speaking of the dolphin game, I noticed the old man. See if it's me. And it's me, if it's me and I'm paying some dottering a little fool with an SD attitude to cut a money they're paying him, because you know me the way I feel about people that don't show up every day. And we got a home game even with a Sunday night game. They find them a nice hotel, like somewhere near here, look at the adju making in right there on Ives Dury Road, probably. Right next to the adju making haircut joint. Yeah. He could probably stay at the gongie in. Right by the station and he gets up, but it gets a little bit of sleep, gets his ass in there, but oh no, we had a ball game last night. So no mode this morning. You know what kind of nonsense is going on in his place? Too many chiefs and I'm not enough Indians. I think that's how it goes. Something like that. You know what I'm talking about? Everybody's got a fricking title. Nobody's doing anything. Nobody's supervising anybody else. We got some people in there walk around patting people on head or I'm here today. Everything okay? Where are you today? Everything fine? Anything I can do for you? Oh, oh. Friday we asked who was your all-time favorite dead musician? Just like I've prepared our George product, I'm sorry. John Lennon runs away with it. Don't ask me why, because I find that umptious and unacceptable. John Lennon 248, he couldn't lick Jim Morrison's ass. If they set him upside by each right now, he couldn't lick his ass. John Lennon 248, Jim Morrison 124, Elvis 110, the King, which is pretty interesting. Because generally our crowd and all that Elvis intensive are they? No, we got a lot of old parts though. What does that mean? Old parts? Well, you're even like your in Garcia 99. Yeah, that kind. Ooh. I got to do the break. And because we've been going, you know, I can't give any of them because the way the technical stuff is going, I don't I dash and get behind. Which is another reason why I'll be nice if they get to spot them before 10 o'clock on the other show on a forrow show. Nothing personal scop but if you want to be a pansy of pantyways, go in and out. Okay, act like I'll pet you a little child. Wasn't it that throwing on you event campus where they shrewd all his ass? A big part. 26 pat and they shrewd it. Hmm, with me. 26 past 10 at 5 60 W to QM. If you're underpaid, if you're overworked, if you're under appreciated, if you're in a crappy job working for a bunch of schmucks. How'd you like to have a new high paying career before the end of this year? It's still only the middle of September, you can still do it. So call fast train today at 1 866 fast train. They can have you train in certified before years in the demand for computer professionals is continuing to grow. So there's no better time than right now to get a new high paying career. Forget about crappy work like radio things like that because it sucks. Fast train offers job placement assistance convenient evening weekends, casuals. And with six floor locations including four in South Florida, there is bound to be just fingers of fast train location near you. Fast train offers financial assistance for people who qualify as well. So call fast train today at 2 3 1 866 fast train. Most used to stay in some dead end job, you can really change your life for the better right now by making one easy phone call. Check them out of the web at fast train.com and then make that call 1 866 fast train. 5 at 1 1 6 5 60. 3 years old yours. QM. Like man and they look like women. My candidacy is all about big change in Sacramento. What about those orgies you had? Outranges. What do your qualifications? I have no experience. I'm a woman, I send them to the trouble. What's your plan? Here's my plan that decided to get a bikini wax. And then the end to crazy deficit spending. Oh, it really comes down to this. Oh, pain. Oh, yeah. Yeah, this afternoon we're going to decide if the game is over or not. Aren't they in California? I'm going to decide if they're in the middle of the season. Sometimes late late this afternoon or this evening because it's like three hours behind. Correct. From that course. Congratulations. I'm on the trend. I beg your pardon. Congratulations for the trend. From Greg. You know something I'm going to have to be screened myself at this point. A radio station is like I said, got 85,000 people running around with a title. We can't get anything done. Everything is like in disarray. A technical disaster. You know, isn't it quite a commentary that this studio doesn't sit in here in Toronto. Or it's cloudy and rain. By the way, this studio that I'm sitting in here right now is like heads and shoulders above the piece of crap down there. And you want to know why? Why? But they can't be bothered with things like that because they don't understand. We got people running that place who don't even know how to help we get on the air. They think it's like through through that goddamn comb you were listening. They haven't got to clue how to let works. They couldn't hear a microphone out of your stuck a guy. They're oozy up there. Back home. Nice trend. Or congratulations to you on a trend. Yeah. Look, as an afterthought as he was thinking. Oh, and YouTube. But August was like mostly you, which is why we're down a little bit. But nevertheless, there was the highest number on a station in August midday. 10 to 3 by far by far. Even with a little Georgia on her because August the first week was a vacation week, right? Right. And then Tuesdays and Thursdays, most of the rest of the month plus the, all of the rest of the month is for her as a rating because it ends like about the 20th or something like that. So it was a heavy Georgia month and still kicked everybody else's ass on air. What does he get? It gets a lot of abuse because that's the way they deal with the QAM. Okay. They look in air on a lie because that's just like Bush. That's the similarity between Greg Reed and the QAM Mafia and the fascists. We got running America today. Liers. The lie just as easily as breathing the fresh air, man, comes like a second nature to them. Anyway, we asked who's your all time and I still can't get over the fact that Muff created a whole concert time. What you heard my conversation with him, right? Yeah. About Zach who's sitting in for who was filling in for Robert in two cheers this morning. Sitting in his chair and Roberts and I said, you know, please just let him know that we'd like to get the spots over before authentic like you don't run spots first of all that are by in six to ten a.m. like a 10 O 2 and 10 O 3. Just not the way it's done like in a real broadcast facility, okay? Which we're trying desperately after six years to drag these people into the real world. And he's still the one to do it. And he'd like to accept them that obviously going better on a shape. What do you think? Yeah, well. Well, why is that? That sounds kind of like childish and childish to me because I could see that there was going to be any crossover because I'm sitting in a bathtub of end. They're not putting me on a air again. So you were on. I was. He's just ignoring me. He said it. Well, you were on in here. You know what? I can't guarantee if you were on that. No, because he wasn't that was not on. So I'm at the mercy of whenever the hell whoever is sitting in there decides to open a goddamn pod. Duff. Hey, duck get off your duck. Okay. Quick creating problems where we don't already have it. Well, he likes it. He likes it because it means he's used to run her. Oh, Greg. It's a problem. That's a problem. Greg. You know, it gives him like job justification. So anyway, getting back to that pool from the weekend, who's your favorite all-time dead musician, John Llan, 248, Jim Morrison, 124 Elvis Presley, 110, Jerry Garcia, 99, Jimmy Henry's 98, Bob Marley, 84. That's amazing to me. Bob Marley had 84 votes. Wow. We got a lot of Jamaican's bomb. No, we got a lot of stoners out there. Forget about the Jamaican. Freddie Mercury, 63. What does that say? We got a lot of coins. Sarah Ray Vaughan, 59. Frank Sinatra, time with Harry Chapin, 52. Frank Sinatra, my ass. Okay. Although, yeah, we have to use your fave. Oh, God. Frank's that, 51. Kurt Cobain, 50. Hold on. Try to get him. Kurt just to make sure. And in honor of that big half-time ceremony, they had it. The dolphin game last night. So we get to report. See ya, 41. See ya, 41. See ya, cruise. Hey, gigantic man in the recording industry. A gigantic drag queen. A monkey-faced old troll. Very white, 37. Two packs of core head, 34. Do we get to story yet about Cisco? No. No. This is Go Kid. I'm telling you, there's a story. Some kind of a shooting. I know that's unusual in the rap community. Roy Orbison, 29. John Bonham, 23. Randy Rhodes, 22. Long Randy. Jim Crowche, and George Harrison, and Patchy Klein, and Joe Strummer, also 22. That's pretty embarrassing. George Harrison is tied with Randy Rhodes. Aren't you humiliated and degraded by that? That's that's sad. Johnny Cash, 19, and the only reason he got that many is because he just died at a specific vote. Louis Armstrong, 18. Marvin Gaye, 18. Oh, Marvin Gaye only had 18. But a Holly 13, Dean Martin, 13. Boy, that's a good pernie to one. I'm good seeing the note. Bon Scott 12, Ronnie Van Zand 12, Bradley Noel 12 Morris, give head 12. Nice going Morris. Janice Joplin 11. 10 votes for Tiny Tim and Warren Zivan. I see great similarity there. George Rmone had eight, keep Mone had eight. Glenn Miller seven, Rick Nelson seven. Tommy Bowen 16, Krupa 6. I'm blown away. The Jean Krupa 6 votes aren't you? Uh, yeah, that is amazing. Did anybody ever heard of it? Yeah, old old farts. Well, it's nice to be on a happy Monday, audio old farts. We all woke up again today. That's it. That's something to be happy about. Sunny Bon 05, said vicious three, drain all men three, Eddie Cochran sitting in the balcony too. Wasn't that that song? So I keep him confused with Wayne Cochran, who's a hanks good bunny. Sit in a bench. In Del Rey. And all the last out of over, almost 16, I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. Everybody's talking about Freak and J. Feele or Buffalo would have had their running back. I might have been a ballgame last night. They might have got their ass kicked. You know what? If they kid wouldn't have heard. They were playing like Jack Ruby was the running back in a second half or Buffalo last night. What do you expect? Plus the fact you're blood so like I've always told you when the going gets tough, you'll get's going in the crapper. You can always count on him for some big picks in the in the thuff going in the big games. Tocardust. My right Scott. That's right. He is. He's a choke artist. That's why through the three picks in that game last night he's stuck to join out. Nice going, Drew. You suck. You could lick Tommy Brady's ass. Okay. And believe you may. If you could, I'd like to be there to watch. I'd like to be there to clean up. So. Yeah. I think I can find on the Cisco story which might have been what you saw in the crawl out the corner of your eye. Yeah. A follow-up story about us and increased security measures on capital Hill that quotes Senator Gary Cisco. That's looking to come up on the search. This is about rap star Cisco. All right. Which isn't spelled the same way. I guarantee you they don't have the same haircut. Okay. Oh, maybe. And this was about a shooting. Okay. Which I like I said before probably won't even make the headlines because rap shootings are like, you know, like somebody getting murdered in Miami. It's not even news anymore. You know, on another one, big deal. We'll find out. And we're also going to find out what the stories with our best of deal stuff. Because this see today is today. I guess I'm going to have to play a bunch of boss again and drive along and a drive the a lot. I'll try the line drive along with my mouth. Draw the line in the sand again. Because there's just been too much. I mean, the summer time's over. I guess you have no effect. This is a perfect day for you. Wanted to why? Why? Isn't this the first day of fall? Maybe. Or is it tomorrow? Maybe. Isn't September 21st the end of summer time. And are we in the beginning of fall? Oh, fish. I believe. No, actually it's the 23rd this year. Neil. So like I said, this is the last day of summer. Okay. Sure. Mr. Nose and the picker. Pucker. Mother. Picker. Tucker. Carlson. With a bad bow tie. So my point being that this is a good time for us to quit dilly dally. Okay. All the summer time. All the farting around. All the excuses. Well, everybody's out of time. Which allowed them to the larva. That's all gone. It's all past eight. It's time to put your nose to the grinds. And it's time for me. So it's time to say, oh when you start all his job doing the unload事 with your spoke sleep. Easy job safe and things like this all the time. All the time. All the time. Oh my big thing. All the time. So my gir studies working on is you got and everythingages by happy. C. All the time. I'll legalize what anybody does. till 10 km and an edition from this one next time. Thanks for the information. I will act within 15 minutes every day. And I be spending a little bit of money. Friday, right. And then of course the big 40 bucks from Joe Costello last week. And who only knows. So McGill, you know, we love him a gal, but if you get your thing out of out of Doreen long enough to go wash it off and come in there and give us an idea what they'll be got. It will be very nice to be appreciated because this is the most half-haves of the most half-at and you keep saying, oh, we're going to get to 100,000. No problem. Based on what? Well, maybe not. They have done what? Well, over a month out of this thing and you're giving me a solid advance. We're going to raise 100 grand for a band of per rescue based on this thing crawling along. Right. Well, we raised 90 in three months. Law, the last time. Yeah, starting in October. And so what does that have to do? We just started yet a fish. Well, there wasn't as half-assed as this operation going on this year. Plus those more Howard David key chains are absolute lame. We who'd have once said they are they all should. I would think so. They're great. They are. Yeah, excellent. See, now our luck is turning. Our luck is changing for the better. I'd get it just for where he says you asshole. Right. When you look to walk up behind somebody and just press a button and go. You asshole. That's right. That's right. Like I got a lot of bus through yesterday. You what? I wish I had one of these in my pocket for that guy at Blockbuster yesterday. We got a farted wheel out and spelled real bad at Blockbuster. George was bitterly complaining me for the show this morning. Some guy cuts some wicked nasty cheese. Blockbuster yesterday and that even though George was running to the other side of the story, it was following him. He beat up the walls down the aisle and it caught a merchandise probably into some of the DVDs. It caught me that wouldn't let me go. 1042 at 560 WQM. Hey, some are so for official, baby. Now we can finally rediscover the track. Give me about two months ago. No more barbecues. No more vacations. Kids are back in school. And during those summer months with all the barbecues. Now they're the crap and around vacations. You probably put on some serious weight. Well, if you're serious now about losing the weight, here's one way you might just do it. Balance for life. A lot of people out there getting great results. Even the beast is there and look almost human underlined the almost part. No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, no calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting. They do all the work for it's based on very serious the zone diet and believe you. Me, it's the delicious easy way to lose weight because they provide all the food. You don't have to do a thing except reach outside you door every morning. They deliver by 6 a.m. to your home to your work wherever a black sack and inside your black sack are three gourmet meals made with the best ingredients. Everything fresh and delicious and two great snacks. And the only choices you have to make are when you fill out your menu once a week. You pick between two choices. For each one of the meals. In fact, balance for life is the only company to give you two choices for every feeding when you run this program. When I talk about feeding there's plenty of food to keep your satisfied all day long. So you won't have to be cheating just to get satisfied either. Like I said, the food is fresh and delicious made with the best ingredients going. So if you're tired of being out of shape, overweight, let's start a dive at a kind of verge of death. Let balance for life. Finally, help you lose that weight. You've been so desperate to do it. Forget about those fads and those gimmicks you see on TV. Oh, those magical pills that supposedly lose the weight. It's all a bunch of crap. Call balance for life today at 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 are check them out of that wicked world wide web at balance for life.com. Yes, yes. Dogs come by and they sing of shaking the basin on theirens. And if you like the song and call me out of your dreams, Those are the real happy memories. Guys who like halters and tanked out and short bands, We'll have to wait for next year for our next plans. Can hang it, pulls in our speed, those are briefs. Those are a few of our favorite themes, and a song. What a fun! All some storm at last. We'll just have to wait till it's warmer, I think. Until you can see more patterns. Gregome, 1048 is 560 WCMD. Do you watch the Grammys last night? No. No. The M&Ms? I don't know. And I couldn't care less. I don't watch any of those shows. There is one show that went on the word last night, and I watched none of the above. Let me say it again. I'm going to piece on 60 minutes last night on halaburt and vector. There should be impeachment here. Right now, against Cheney and Bush and the soul bunch of fascists. But are there? No. That's because the media is too worried about Cisco. How do I how much is Cisco? About 15 bucks a year. 911 Mastermind says the attack was paired down. You saw that Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, Javi booty. Said that they originally were going to hijack five commercial jets on each coast. And then they were going to be called a total 10. And the original plan called for as many as 22 terrorists and four planes in a first way, followed by a second wave of suicide hijackings that were to be aided possibly by Al Qaeda allies in Southeast Asia. And of course, if you listen to ABC news during those days, which is what they originally had tried to get me to put on the air, which I refused. We put a species on for like about five minutes, and then we went back to WMS and B.C. and CNN because ABC was all over the place. Remember that we're reporting that bogus report of a hijack plane from Seattle or Portland somewhere. And then we never heard any more about it because it turned out to be bogus. And Peter Jennings was a major, major ass doing that entire thing. I'm just a misive of misinformation was ABC news. Peace of crap. Here's the poll for the main poll. We're going to be building. Oh no, air is going to get upset. By the way, Erica was a little bit interesting because yesterday it was at Saturday that I emailed him about a hundred great bedtime stories for the weekend, including yesterday morning. He finally got around to it about, I don't know, very late yesterday. I don't want to start picking on Puerto Rico's fat. And he's also probably got some other things to do. I'll probably not do too much business on a weekend, probably eating and monkey business when you think. But boy, he sure was a little bit lagging out of his bedtime stories yesterday. Wow, wow, wow, wow. Anyway, here's our, see, I told it today's the day that I get out of my system and it's based on the fact that everything screwed up there. Do you think it's a good day to do it? Oh yeah. Little fall house cleaning baby. That's what we're doing. And stuff, how dare you? I just want to get him weeping in there. Can you hear him weeping it? Is he sobbing like a girl? Yeah. Saving like you're a, how could you take like one little request on my part to go and make a big trick? I might add to last thing we did on this radio station. I made your rip. I did the loop. Yeah. Grops got not those fault, you're an ass. Who's your all time favorite dead person not on our previous pulls? That's a question today. Now, if you don't know what the previous pulls were then get lost. Well, no, this is a series of dead people because of Mo. Absolutely. Of course, work through art on a game lives that the criminal worked this morning for his half a million year. Here's our, what we got so far because we had a couple called him on Friday because they couldn't wait for this one. I mean, this is all encompassing. Your favorite all time dead, let me, let me, it's got to be somebody that's known by this audience anyway. Like the thanks for calling lady. Now what the hell was your name, Fran? Fake. Fake. Fake. Hey, wait, wait, wait. We don't need the winners, but fake. I don't know if we want to put that on there or not. Just thanks for calling lady. It only was right. Anybody who's listening to the show for more than five minutes knows who that is. One of our favorite callers. Thanks for calling. Who passed away last year? Barbara Kaffettman with her yellow teeth. And nobody's going to remember who that was. No, put him on the satisfy that will fart that called in Friday. Ben Franklin. Where to hell would we meet with up Ben Franklin? Well, I sure respected him during when we had to black out up here that one day. I thought to myself, thank God that somebody told him to go fly a kite. Otherwise we'd still be sitting in the dark. Don't you think? Can you imagine what QA would be like without Ben Franklin? Probably not too much different. Thomas Edison Albert Einstein. I think that's a good five to start. Don't you? I think that's magnificent. Your favorite dead person who's not on the previous poll. So it was somebody who wasn't a movie star and actor actress, a politician. And what was the other one we did? Favorite Muslims? No, seriously. What was the other one we did? Musician. Right. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. Make it. Make it. I told you. Make it. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. of first poll so far should Caucasian only clubs and groups be permitted. This is in a wake of that story about the Groulotten summer California who wants to start a Caucasian's only club in her school. Why not their groups from minorities 50 and a half percent say that 95 out of 188? Not in schools are publicly funded places 31. It seems a bit that the country with the K29 will blood test be necessary 20 will they be necessary? Okay. And absolutely not it's bigotry only 13 only 13 out of almost 200 say oh we can't do that have white only clubs and use 13 people by the way what kind of assholes are you anyway. Some kind of special anso idiots. Here's sunrise hello. Yeah I know yes sir. Yeah in out Franken's book he says the Christian right care is about here's real because Jesus can't come back unless we have World War 3 and he says when George Bush was governor only Christian can go to heaven that's what he said. It's in the apartment with a Pat Robertson and Jerry Falwell he really goes after them too. Do you have a here to skip to news.com. Did I ever want? I have a website called skip to get a good idea from it. I have somebody called in last week I already checked it out. Yeah because the story I saw about Tom Delay said the year in the 10,000 years old who has started out for it executive and he's been pushing to you. Okay listen ever great day. 5670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line who did these sounds like he sounded like one of our critics. Yeah nobody sounded like a stand worth time or even a little because he didn't mention anything about because I think Tom Delay also said casino gambling is evil to me saying that I'm sure he did just this morning. 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line you're all time favorite dead person not on the previous polls as we uh... and i think this is it we wrap up the edit because we got to do that the straight after the queer guy thing right because we've had the audience actually suggest some real good polls lately and thank the lord for that because we need some help when it's in polls we need some serious poll. Here's North Miami hello. Anya how you doing pretty good. Okay and that's this story. We have Saturday's here all the net people section also it's an old story that yeah and I think it happened probably sir's there Friday the paraphrase he was basically sitting on his porch and he saw some people sitting in a car and started firing shots. That sounds reasonable to me yeah if you are looking up and be like Saturday's narrow so cold news or can't thank you. That's why I couldn't find a guy then Cisco's story because it's old news they put stuff on a crawler like you know president Lincoln enjoyed to play but he and feeling good stuff like that yeah which is just a little bit dated if you catch my dirt because it takes a lot of crap stories to fill up that crawl all the time on and on and on it goes well look at that the next day's down 32 in the dows down 104. Oh my god. Must be just an average in the midst of this tremendous economic comeback 560 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line here's for Lauderdale hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hey yeah this is a village from shoes on the beach I spoke to you a couple years ago when I was on a damwack on for Queens day right and I'm heading back there this afternoon and I was going to give you a shout Friday but I need to get a 305 number to contact you what's the number like I said when you just dial just use 305. The 5667 right okay well I'll give you a report when I get over there. Okay all right good talk to you. Have a good time I'll still believe. See it the murkies. 5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. I forgot to ask him a few slides he's probably flying Martin here how would you think? Yeah how would I know? I don't know I just guess I KLN doesn't fly for Miami or maybe they do fly for Miami but I'm the few who want to pay about 85 thousand dollars something like that sister rip off the whole world is a big rip off boys and girls because KLN owns Martin skier. So what would you rather do if you want to go like in business class would you rather spend $1700 if you want to go for Miami to Amsterdam nonstop. I'm KLN would you rather spend like five or six grand? It's a tough choice. Yeah. Of course in your case it's an easy choice. None of the above. 5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. We'll leave this I don't know. We'll leave this thing up till noon the one it's on or now. And then we'll get serious about the dead people and I don't want to get all bent out of shape because I'm sure he's sitting there listening. She's probably just crawling out of the sack right now. Wouldn't you think? Hey listen it was it was wait past his bedtime for 85 year old man last night again. It's like around midnight. Same on. Back in the same sentence just brings an image to my idea. Yeah. Yeah. As in Sacker crap. Well he does see this carry his sack nicely. But it was a great piece on E&E last night. It's to our special on the Gambino family. Do you see that yet? Nope. See you in before. Yes. But it was sensational about Paul Castellano and about Carl again. Be no before him and about what's his name? John Gatti and his punk kid. John Gatti. I will see him no more. Here's my me be, Chilo. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good. Got a name for your hold but I just wanted to say I saw that thing. I said on a, I wasn't pre-ordained man by these slime balls. I don't know what was it. It's 60 man. It really is. But I'm just going to go with I'm like, what did me? What would be without this new? Good point. Excellent. Good choice. Have a good one Neil. You two, Pali, thank you. Walt Disney, huh? I would never thought of that with you. Nope. Where did I have where we be? What I'm Mickey Mouse world. It wouldn't be without Walt Disney. Right. Although I'm in again. Does mean that let's see your all-time favor. Well, see this might have something to do with your opinion because everything I read about him has been pretty negative. Yeah. Not at, not what you call a nice guy. Nope. Although he did do the original pencil drawing of Mickey Mouse. Although Mickey at that point was like a real thin like the stick figure and I'll stick figure. That stick figure. He walled stick it. Back to me. That deal. That's steamboat Willie. Right. Let's face it. It was crap. Might as well show steamboat Willie. I make a few damn dollars. Can't do that in Monday. I think I just hurt myself. 5605056 on the AT&T. We've got a good group. There. Thanks for calling, lady. I mean, somebody called it in just to be nice. I don't know how she fits in in this pool and Barbara Kaffettman with the yellow teeth. Does Williamsburg need gambling? Yes. She was the art Draco lady. Oh, I got one. You know, I haven't picked one yet. Ben Franklin Thomas Edison Albert Einstein, Walt Disney and George's choice is Carl Sagan. Carl Sagan. Oh, but he was very soon. Like Joel narratives on PBS. Carl Sagan was a great guy who should have kept his mouth shut. You know what I mean? He opened up a mouth and ripped religion all the time. I'm talking about that, but I'm talking about the the Oheafel Lily. Highly affected delivery on those. What was the name of that series? Hotspivis. What was it? Cosmos. Cosmos. Great series. But it's just that they should had somebody else narrate because he went through this very moment. I mean, Spastic it's not like he was getting like a berium animal while he was talking, which is not easy to do. He was getting a high calonic. Very Spastic. Brilliant guy, but he'll be reminded me of I shouldn't say this. Go ahead. Well, you're going to get upset. He reminded me like he was like the bird backtrack of science. He was like the bird backtrack of science. He was not upset. I think I just asked what's in the early. Because when I bird cracker, I wrote a lot of great music. But when you see it's just he's like you're annoying. He affected people with a phony just always on. That's a good like Marvin Hamlison. Is it any? Have you ever seen him in Marvin Hamlison together? I think it's the same person. Oh my god, bird backtrack and Carl Sagan. And maybe the other way around. Maybe bird backtrack is the Carl Sagan of music. Oh, he probably Carl Sagan wouldn't like him because he does say a little prayer. But that cosmos is required watching for everyone. It's great. It's great. Especially for people with no brains to release and realize that the religion crap is crap. Stop it or we're just bologna already. People are destroying each of the elected first guy. I said it wanted to make a five hour speech. I mean, his heart was in a right place like Randy. Oh, he's combing the show the first guy. But I mean, this this bunch of lunatic born again is trying to lead us down the path to arm again so we can blow the whole world up. If they're ready to die, why don't they have some cool aid? You know, just like Jim Jones, at least they kept it themselves. You know, I want to change my contribution to what Darwin. Well, you know, I guess you can have another one Charles Darwin. What about Sigmund Freud? I like Darwin. He had he evolves. Sigmund Freud. And Sigmund where I can just see the way these are going to be spelled. And how about L Albert was it Alfred? Alfred Kinsey? Albert. I have no idea how to spell Freud Eric F. R. E. U D. It's not F. R. O. Y D F R E U D. That was spelled with our E. It's both in right. I actually got one thing. Was it Alfred Kinsey? I came where what his name was? Albert. It's a good fruit. Why won't you respond to my question? I don't know which which Kinsey. I don't know Kinsey my god. I think it's Albert sex studies. It was an Albert. Leslie. I'm Peter. Spear. Not see bastard. Okay, let's see Kinsey's name was. I can't believe I did Freud. I'm very Kinsey. Alfred C Kinsey. The Kinsey is to yeah, I don't know why I was like insecure about that. I don't like making too many big mistakes on Monday. Later when we can't know, probably I've put out everybody else had. Yeah, I did make one mistake. I showed up. I could be another one's sleep in real sound right now. I showed up for this technical disaster. If a festival of technical and institutes, QA, yeah, absolutely correct. I don't think we're done. Well, I'm sure. I'm sure that. Nice trend, though, guys. Yeah, we were going to start calling Greg Nero. He's been like, well, the station is burning around him and then pieces of equipment are falling to the floor and the places on fire and there's Greg. Nice trend, guys. This is a man who hasn't got any idea how we make it happen. He hasn't got a clue, you know. Just winds it up and let's go and hopes for the best. God. By the way, there's something out if he was still in there, which I'm sure he's not because he is a hit and run, you know, always something I wanted to call you Greg. Have a nice week. Get the place fixed up a little bit. We need to play this as a pig style 1113 at 560 WQMC. That's another great thing about doing a show from your not only do I have a nice studio, but have a nice clean apartment. You know, I have nice surroundings, the ambiance. Yeah. So he's the most that takes die that toilet that's sewer, that indoor septic tank. VIP sportsbook.com is a place that impunds your guts out, man. Forget about those other ones. I keep hearing about places in Montreal and Costa Rica. Anybody want to go to Montreal or Costa Rica? Definitely not Montreal too many. Frogs in Costa Rica. Well, speaks for itself unless you're a pervert. Anyway, this is the time of the all the sportsports time to be the best, but you want to do business with VIP sportsbook.com because the oldest and largest sportsbook in a civilized place that Netherlands, just like that guy said before it's going to the damwreck. He's going to Amsterdam. That's where it's at, man. 100% legal in license to. So listen to me, call VIP sportsbook.com right now or at 1-866 VIP best because when you do business with these folks, you're plunging in peace with confidence. Sign up now. You bet all the South Florida football and basketball teams. Just free all year long. You want bet the dolphins. It's 100 to 100. You want to bet their hurricanes. It's 100 to 100. 100. So forget about the vigorous. They were talking about vigorous on that mafia show last night. All sign up. Get a 20% cash bonus. Not some funny money match played bonus. A legitimate honest, a goodness. 20% cash bonus from VIP sportsbook.com. That's where you find them online. Or call them toll free. 1-866 VIP bests. That's 1-866 VIP best be sure. Tell me your head about it right here on prestigious. Scoot up QAM. VIP sportsbook.com where you are the VIP. Never brought a blind. The gun will ride that I've been to the roundings today. Now there's a classic set of wheels, feet up, over your brother would lie to you. Now we repeat the time and the trip is cold and the dies of the vassies. I got the cash of the quick cherry yoke. Now I'll be with you. You I got a win, though now. No, no, not so late. It goes the easy, though, won't no late. Sweating fresh, but lost eats nuts for smell. The incident does seem a bit over time. And I'm a 90-year-old man, the shining ground is no lagline. And that's my common gen, a duper's having washing it with alcohol. The army will over-puck a nutty cherry tree, The army will shock it leaves, Bowens over-steam-lucks and shoes. The army will be in the name. First, the war in theory will be absent to be defeated. The army will be in the name. 20 past a load of the 5, 60, 250 votes on a pool already. I'm pulling over one shirt, Caucasian or a club's in groups be permitted. Why not? Their groups for minorities, 118, 47.2% of us said that. Not in schools or publicly funded places, 44. I believe George voted for that, because it's a liability for the Y-9. A change of mind. Why not? It seems a bit clenish with the K-42 said that. Will blood test be necessary to 28 the answer is. And absolutely not as big as we only 18. 7.2% only 18 out of 2.50. Said it's a bigotry. Here's a lady in Boka, hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. I was thinking of the right brothers who invented the airplane. But weren't there two of them? Orval and will-orval and will-br? Orval and will-br, yeah. But I condensed it and said the right brothers. The right brothers, you condensed it and you made them into one. You made them sign these twins. Okay. We'll take another consideration. Okay. Thank you. Thanks, have a great day. What do you say to the right brothers? No. I mean, how can the right brothers be your favorite dead person? We're not asking, keep in mind. We're not asking who's the most important person of all time. Because obviously, that is- No, the answer to that. By the way, speaking of important people, didn't the girl finally pull that thing out of her is the, you know, going to get us the number or not. He's working on it. And that's what I'm worried about. Seriously, if we aren't to 25 grand yet, you're finishing the show. I'm telling you that right now, Mr. I'm just- I'm not putting up with any more of this foot drag. This is the most slip shot guide they've placed. Yeah. And in this year with these- with these vans hits, well, it's raining outside, or there's a cloud in the sky, or do we need to get it again, or, you know, yeah, what's the story there? Well, by the way, speaking of somebody getting again, the room around a building is skipping. Which, of course, my first dog was named skipping. And I think it's very appropriate. One of our sales holes, little, poor-named skipping. He's got his head so far of screw-a-n-z. That's the rule, or we're going to run a building. Of course, like somebody else would say, it's probably getting pretty crowded. What with- Bro! And all the others. Screw-a-n-z. I was talking about probably getting pretty crowded. Just like clearance. 567, by way to duckling into apologize for creating a big riff between me and my clover and scuffer. Well, what about those wrong with him, man? See, if you were to give it to clearance, you would have handled it more diplomatically, but duckling the emotional crippled that he is. Oh, gee, Neil's that upset. I'm not, I wasn't, was I upset? No. No, all I said was, let's say, not do that, no, Mo was what I said. So you get the spots done before 10 o'clock, and then we'll do our cross over, and which is funny, you know? That's the way it works. It doesn't work that way. It ate a clock. I'm hearing damn T of that. But, you know, there's a little bit of a problem there, and maybe it'll fetch through, return into something we great, you know, and big, and then he'll start playing golf with Mo again, and we'll have like a big bra, I don't really care, you know? I'm beyond that. Just give me to check, what's it, 8 to 8, 20 second? 3rd, 4th, Thursday. Get that checker. Everybody, I get it through this time, clearance on time. On time. Now, when you can feel like getting around with, or now, what's some story that's sitting in somebody's drawers into building. And George got his bonus from the spring book. On this paycheck, let's hear it. It's only the middle of September, the end of September. I've gone Greg, cheap fasting. Here's for a lot of day, hello. Hortland. Yes, sir. Yeah, I can't find it. How did they want them to do on the pole? How did one? How did John bottom do on the pole? 12 volts. I can't find it. Yeah. Did he win the pole? Yeah, he won the pole, yeah. He had 750 volts out of 800 palli. He won hands down your pants. That make you happy? Wow. That must be one of your people. Sure. Whatever. They're big of a John barn. Whatever category. Yeah. Whatever category that is. Short people. You pick it. Yeah, he's probably about two feet tall. I saw like a munchkin. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. I knew how he'd do. Pretty good. My name is Ray. I lived down Hollywood. I was like, I know. I was like, you know, pretty good. My name is Ray. I live down Hollywood, and I thought I was a star. But recent fan of yours. And you just want to thank you for the hours and pleasure in the past. You went to the Lysman in the first time. I heard you were ripping South Florida and new one. And I was a star record walking around the Lysman male on M.L. It will listen to you. Good, Oh boy. Emerald Hills. Good luck to you, man. Oh, yeah. I mean, I would all be economically crippled. one of the uh... i agree with the parl photo for the white groups the second is Henry Ford Henry Ford good anti-semite always well oh yeah was what he's done anyway to make it into the and another is uh... i like to find out off the air like where i get information on getting some of your takes and things like that i'm have no idea okay hang on okay and thanks a lot okay take care of him will you please uh... scott do something with him okay now this see this is this is this is this is symptomatic of the disease that we have with our best of campaign is here and now i get a number twenty three thousand one eighty as of uh... joan marks big extravaganza was twenty three four seventy so now we just lost three hundred bucks how do you do that how do you do that i don't know not to mention the three hundred or there are about that you raised on friday or but i had you were at the assault uh... cell plays so Miguel i'm gonna tell you something there they they do have a cure for syphilis but you have to catch it early okay he caught a couple of sirely all that hanky panky with the rain i mean you must have caught something because it's affecting his words brain used to be look what happened alcapone to need a syphilis and jail yes he did that's how you i need to be need to get that check real fast okay i'm a girl he's going to go back to right now you better have some a take a look at that thing i was there i do for you it's a shanker yeah i'm probably is he probably caught us from low because this number is not and see and this is what bothers me is that the number is an that that's like an exact science we have to have exact i like to have some idea you know within about fifty grand one way or the other way to help we are embarrassing he says for the month of october the ravane hits every thursday locations will be put it on our website well nice go and sweet art system or we do it eleven to one to computer technology showcase happening at the brown county convention center the best of needle be available you can spin the prize wheel for marlin tickets or you can spin the wheel on speak it of that now wonder when those marlin tickets are going to be for i can't imagine that they're going to be for this big series against the Philadelphia fillies starting tomorrow they see the course they still got the brave tonight in Atlanta but the series of the season the wild card in the national league in all likelihood depends on these next three games tomorrow through thursday and full uh... the filter off he at the pp park and i guarantee a one thing if i don't know if he sees for those games or that time will be forever known as the bush league is of the mall one thing to be bush league but when you're bush league is to the mall i mean we're talking a half a game going into the next games both teams trying to back their way out of that wild card spot desperately laying down like crazy but the big series starts from our pp park you better be there we're going to all be pissed off right scottie gonna be there tomorrow sure well George beware beware i think we're gonna say There we are we're going in I'm going to relax to shoot for the states to lie I'm parting in line I'm parting in line I'm parting in line Don't go back to everybody's hand Hang down to avoid the rush I'm parting in line I'm parting in line I'm parting in line I'm parting in line Writing out a check as she's parting away Look, they won't accept checks from the bank of Pompeii So she's hours are changed for a poor head And these are good bonds and diamonds Well, parting in line F parting in line F parting in line F parting in line F parting in line Oh, good time I want to say that you ain't mine The old back looking so strong F parting in line With a little smile F parting in line F parting in line F parting in line I agree with the blockbusters, right on here F parting in line F parting in line I'm parting in line That was in the movie The Boys in a Band Oh, 27, 25, 60, 70, QA I'm sweating, but we can't get the number right for our best of kms Please buy a bunch of this stuff I'm going to be responsible for this I'm going to be responsible for this I'm going to be responsible for this I'm going to be responsible for this I'm going to be responsible for this I'm going to be responsible for this I'm going to be responsible for this I'm going to be responsible for this I'm going to be responsible for this I'm going to be responsible for this I'm going to be responsible for this I'm going to be responsible for this I'm going to be responsible for this Of course, starting from scratch Right, starting all over again, actually But today, who is your all-time favorite dead person Not on a previous polls In other words, not in politics, not in music Not in the movie or actor Actor actress, et cetera Cover's a lot of territory I would think We got the thanks for calling lady, Barbara Kampen Ben Franklin, Thomas Edison, Albert Einstein Walt Disney I'll get there, I'll find it Walt Disney I swear Carl Sagan, Charles Darwin, Sigmund Freud, Alfred Kinsey, and Henry Ford Henry Ford will probably make the poem We do, who's your favorite anti-Semite? George will be on that one too 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Here's the call from Kindle, hello Hey, open the up Yes sir I can't believe he's really a crew that got more votes than Tommy Bower Isn't that pathetic? Only in his place I mean, a lot more crew, a lot more votes than poor, what's his name A came in last place Exactly, you know, even though he's not drug-adduced He could rip her to shreds power supply Right, so In fact, I saw when I was in public today I was staying in line with a special edition I gave him a name or something on her And she sent me with her ugly face With a bunch of blue feathers around her It's a good guarantee to scare her to cut up I've never taken on the plant Don't you know? I don't know I don't know I don't know But you may know this The Rock has chick-a-mog himself George reached Thomas From the war George H Thomas? Yep Who is it? The Rock has chick-a-mog I don't get to scare him He can Why? I have that in that one Well, that's good No, that's good No, that's good Who? Who? Robert Folt me and better the steamer Robert's cooking Okay He was no George Thomas I'll tell you there And If you go to pick up one of your CDs That wanted to use the anoperances Are your other CDs going to be there? Some Okay I'm happy Okay Thank you very much I'm happy to thank you Robert Foltman, a steamboat Willie Guy Got it Okay, let's see now I hope I didn't make a mistake here And as Jimmy Ruffin think, as somebody says I did Jimmy Ruffin Mrs. Sippy musician Yadi Aadiyani Well, where are we going to find his songs? So you have the... I guess Robert Aadiy is probably on the Jimmy Ruffin page Wouldn't you think? One would think I thought you had the gun He just changed the total again You know, I'm going to tell you something This McGill in between strokes I need there was some cash Because you brought up a good perk Yeah Yeah Jesus God, Almighty Give a man's job to a little child Although he is having a baby He even is a lovely wife from May to May To maybe sign in Okay, wait a minute Here we go The Jimmy Ruffin albums With David Ruffin I remember this keeper Motan I don't want albums I want singles Okay Singles is what I want Here we go I don't see it Do you see it? I don't see it Anything I guess I'm going to have to get my God Damn music book Can you believe this? It weighs about 600 pounds Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Okay Ruffin Let's get this straight enough Because somebody says Small corrections Jimmy Ruffin recorded What the fuck comes to the broken heart And I was brother David Yadiyada Well, let me look up the roughens here We're just kind of rough in any way A cure Little count Or nothing works Jimmy Ruffin I told you what becomes the broken hearted I had a wrong Boy, I made a bad mistake Oh, thank you very much Jim for correcting me It says David was lead singer The temptation most of the early hits Any canvas was the original It's a very good idea to decide to change the temptation To lead voice to the gritty Your David Ruffin He had done the same well If he was lead singer The temptation is it all But hits it's even more embarrassing That he only got one vote When you think you would He had done the same thing Previously with these superiors Replacing original lead singer Mary Wilson and favor of Diana Ross The story goes that David Ruffin left the Tempts in part Because he wanted his brother Jimmy to join the group I suspect it was more of our roughens Ego than concerned for his brother's career At any rate David Ruffin left had a couple of small hits As a solo act and gradually slid into Drug, animal, oblivion and death The tempts replaced Ruffin with Dennis Edwards No kind to Ralph Who would become the contours lead singer I love the contours Do you love me? Yeah, like a friend After their glory days After their glory days Do you love me in Shakespeare? Edwards was something of a roughens sound Like the little gritty of voice shadow And later temptations hits like cloud night Thanks Jim Thanks for the question you're right I'm wrong I'm wrong What becomes it a broken heart And reached number 7 91066 37 years ago For all his old farts For all those of us who know Phillip Brian from Brian Bellamy David Ruffin Oh David Ruffin had some big hits Oh by his own My whole world ended the moment you left me Remember that? Nope You know? Sing a few bars Oh my whole world ended the moment you left me I'll walk away from love A night at the Apollo live The way you do the things you do in my girl Daryl Hall John Oaths with David Ruffin Eddie Kendrick Well how about that? Jimmy Ruffin I've passed this way before That's what the guy had blackbuster probably said Beautiful Good to give you a roll Sure he didn't Wasn't his first effort Gonna give her all of love I got and hold on to my love I don't know what that is Jimmy Ruffin So there you go, we're kind of rough at it As we try to get it right Okay, as we try to get the facts straight Here on QA I'm like you're a president and a vice president And a bunch of liars are watching it And I should point out to you that all the right wingers Now including Miss Fudge Who's got a big bot no-vac piece Under which you can't believe anybody They're all on the attack now But against Wesley Clark Because they're all pinging their pants But I will say this And I'm not talking about their stuff There is a pretty good article on our website I think it's on our website, isn't it? I think it's on our website I think it's on our website Maybe I'll have to read it I don't think I got it on our yesterday Because they don't want to sell them to early Because Eric is all confused His first bad grade It's from yesterday's News Day by less pain Isn't that what we all want? Is less pain? Yes, starting with joy I see if we can all just devote 7 or 8 hours a day to sex It sounds good to me Get our priority straight now 4 hours to work 7 or 8 hours a day to sex And like maybe 3 or 4 hours a day to like pinging out 5 hours a day And more This is for 20 or 5 seconds You and you and you Well There's a video Blackout And I'm gonna say What's going on That's from you Blackout Don't go on For a video Blackout No No This way The whole The feeling is patient can't go wrong No There's been a lot of protests They've been a pathetic uno show It was the author What the fuck Because they got business all the way Has that only found the way and all of us Outside of Cano They don't want you to know what's going on No We'll now be head to over change All the broadcast media The level one message He's the message In the dark Yeah There were no No, no, no, no, no, no Read the bottom papers Maybe they just know what's going on Let's go one turn The same thing you don't know The same The same The same The same Woo What's going on Blackout Blackout They're meaning of this And yeah I under a right And I'm gonna point that star And the middle seven For me I declare you Under me I'm just saying I'm 46 at 5.60 WKOM Let's see Where's the line about a rush martial Is that in Trying to find the article Was on our website that that was in Maybe it was in a moring dog column Anyway, I can see I'm gonna have plenty of time to read all these columns that I got here Yeah Because we got two calls on the board for this pool Who's your all time favorite dead person Not on a previous pool There's probably only like about 75 million Famous dead people that you could admire That you could like have a favorite And we got two calls on the board That's okay. It's Monday. It's usual south photo crab Quimpance live working. It's Monday. Everybody's in a sack Here's my me Beach. Hello How are you doing? Pretty good You're like a two for your pole We only do one Okay, I give you one Chris Bush Yeah Five six seven Five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T in comparison Wireless line. He's had it a little bit too old to be involved in that gang You know it. Oh, yeah, but nevertheless and that old gang of ours Here's land's Hannah. Hello Look at me Neil. Yes sir. Got one for you. Oh, yes Uh, um, she knows why George. Yeah, George. Yeah, George. I mean, no And there's a brother calling. You know, he's my favorite because he did Because he did. Okay. Thank you so much, brother. Five six seven Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T in comparison Wireless line. Desperate Monday, baby. Music sounds good to me. Now that we're music intensive I think the temptations will be good on you. Okay. All the fact Wait a minute. We got him. No, I got him. We got the Motown collection over here. Yeah. Look that you don't have it up there with you as well. Okay. I got all over the net. Aha. You think you got something Mr. I got Motown's 60s and 70s. How do you like that? I like it a lot. Playing back to something. You think you got something? Yeah, as a matter of fact, you're right. That's a good idea. I can play on my side by each big good way to do it. Starting with three. Oh. You'll ball confusion. Yeah. How appropriate. Mm-hmm. Oh, you don't want song on here. I absolutely love this song. Oh. God. It's like the same bass line for ball confusion. Oh, God. Oh, God. Was that a direct hit? That was sensation. You're all on that song by glad it's night in the pimp. It's okay. Are you smitten me? No, what did that guy farted in your face? No, seriously. You don't think that's a great song. If I were your woman, I'd be your woman. No, when did I have to hit Georgia? Your taste is it? Well, no, but they can't all be a night trained in Georgia. That's how it went. Oh, the song is sensation. You're tasting our obvious scent. What we've bought it over room, my friends. And I call you back for more. If I were you, I would've been a woman. Yeah. It's my way home. And you're my man, man. I always rather hear that or Is that a lady? Is that a lady? Is that a lady? Is that a lady? See what I mean? Well, listen to some similarities. Shame on you. Shame on you. People there at P.P. Park by Pena Cida. Cruz Festival owner and half time at a ballgame. Why is that? Shame on you. Okay. Speak at the English. Get what a program. I'm very interested in forty votes on a poll. Should Caucasian only clubs and groups be permitted in the US. A. Why not? There's groups from minorities. 171 that's 50.2%. Not in schools or publicly funded places. 58, 17%. It seems a little Clanish with a K 55. Will blood test be necessary? Absolutely. 35%And absolutely not. It's Digory. 21 out of 344 votes 6% say absolutely not and I wonder what the hell their problem is They're trying to be politically correct. Oh you can't be doing that Huh? I guess kind of garbage is that why don't I? garbage I don't know if we got the energy grow college fund the United Asian whatever the hell that thing is And why don't we do this huh? And we never did finish that poll about which ethnic groups smells the worst? Did we start it? I'm thinking about it See the curry I don't want to start on the Indian people Oh, we have a few Indians we'll be show and they're wonderful people. I'm sure maybe some of them are some of might be axlers I don't know but that curry I think that the diet doesn't that I have a way with the powers you are what you eat You're great what you eat so in other words if we call Joseph Gacky old penis face I guess that might give us a little insight as to his dietary regime 5605056 the pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line on a really special Monday and a bottom line is we don't care George already got his stub yeah, I'm getting paid on Thursday and clearance goes to check them well But are we there or else Friday's gonna be a day off so that's that's the way it works We don't care here's Carl Springs hello Good one Here's a call from Kendall hello Hey, okay I'm one of the call a couple days ago my friend tricked me to be eating a turt Okay good. I hope you enjoyed it Eat it with relish Here's Carl cables hello Hmm oh and they're out there today baby. There are the old ladies. I love his huh I guess we had that one call We have one real call today. No, we had a couple Nobody under the age of 100 though five six seven oh five 60 here's a call from Lantern hello Neil I'm under a hundred my ladder call. Yes, sir. Oh beautiful First time call is will be gentle with me. I Wonder what I'm For an apple you got favorite dead person yeah JFK's excellent, but it's probably was I'm under previous pulls these a politicians say Don't work don't work How about marijuana? Actors don't work have a great day pound I don't want to have him do three strikes on his first call. I would have been bad Now see who's your favorite all-time dead person not on a previous pulls in other words Not an actor actress politics normization knows are the three previous pulls of dead people okay And I think it's a perfect we're doing dead people today. Oh, we're fine. Yeah, because it sounds really not dead had placed to me Mean time to pull on the internet's getting phenomenal response on there, but on the ear it's like oh it's Monday you don't understand Neil And it's raining up there. Yeah, that's got a lot to do with it Here's a call from four lotterdale. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing bud pretty good? That one for you fall. Okay, man who saved many a fat person Dr. Robert Ackin excellent choice There you go. How could we forget Dr. Bob and number two a little obscure my dad? Okay, thank you. That's sweet. That's what Paul Peterson said my dad remember that no Paul Peterson remember that song that cornball record my dad Paul Father knows best with Robert Young put that out of my head. What show was he on Paul Peterson? Are we gonna have to do all this oldy moldy stuff? This is not good. We don't have to not good for the demographic I'm doing it because that's all I know is old stuff because of an old fart okay if you want to do if you want to be a young whipper Snap or an interject like about all the shows that were any Emmys last night Would you didn't watch you know watching those shows anyway. I'll snap my wipper. Okay Snap your magic wipper froggy and then without you to save bus to brown and you divine remember him. Nope Fat and you want to know what else dead. Yeah Just a coincidence. Yeah Here's a call from candle. Hello Hey, it's low new eye doing okay, sir Well, he's got a style so my thunder. I was gonna save Robert acting also But I also wanted a couple of months you on the about a week ago. You had a comment about a poll We're both that didn't what's most known as funniest Skits I've heard it might You're ready for these years when you said about the or some well-stained Yeah, I don't And you said about or some well that you said it's poll up my fucking dad, you know and George has got a laughing austerity Huh, oh shit I didn't write that down, you know Yeah I was laughing I got almost I suppose that I wait for those like the best thing for uh I want to run with the man Oh, not that I can but Besides that you'd be good job. Okay, don't fall down man. That's the lesson we learned from Dr. Rackon's Even if we can't lose any way don't fall down. Exactly. Okay, have a great day, pal. Wow, which girl I knew that orson wells line, you know, it's got me members that he said oh What was it or some wells is on my pole? Oh That's the one yeah, that's when everybody's there losing it. Now that's not exactly Something like that yeah something about orson wells my ass well whatever Four minutes till noon at five sixty w a hey listen we don't care like I said We're just here to try to help you kill a few hours every day and it makes some serious money and then that's it All right, not gonna change the world like some people on the year. Oh, yeah, but I mean, but I'm up But I'm out of all the southern bull crap all this bag of wind that comes to the speaker all these nine hundred year old bull Far the sea the good part of it is the reason that that kind of radio died is that all the people that were into it Most of them died right that's why there's no more W snooze that's why there's no more those And maybe light bulb junior we don't even know the call ofers anymore. No Light bulb junior like normal can't for example, like whatever she's on Drugs Four minutes till noon all as speaking of being on horse and well sands, but that's another story for another day How's how goldstein do by the way you're good close personal friend? By now you've been here me talk a lot about laminated seruss and how laminated wood flooring from laminated seruss Is the easy low maintenance alternatives and natural flooring am I right? Of course Laminance aruss is the best place for you to find laminated wood flooring from the top names in the universe They got them all perid or perigo Wilson are unifluent quick step all the top names all installed by people are really know There's stuff pergracer to buy it in dollars Here's another great reason to call laminated seruss because their prices are so low They will probably flow you you'll be on the flow in O' Time at all right now You can get there's a timber kickoff special for just nineteen hundred ninety five bucks That's correct just nineteen hundred ninety five dollars gets you up to three hundred eighty square feet A beautiful laminated wood flooring it is positively amazing and laminated seruss will match any legitimate Not for two you can't be them with your stick for a free and homestimate call laminated seruss toll free one eight seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six. I totally that gasix is fantastic What could be easier free carpet disposal free furniture moving a 25 year warranty in years and years of Beautiful easy care laminated wood flooring column today until middle crushed the meal Tornado call laminated seruss one eight seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six You I am from our Russian laden and I like scrubbing my snowy drill us with soap made from jewels and listening to the new Okay, I'm gonna use the hour The guy Bull Winkle J. Moose He conquered television. He conquered movies Well, sort of and now he's conquering the world of heavy metal It's bullly coal sings as he Yes America's favorite news pays tribute to America's favorite reality TV dead as he asked Warren in Bowling coal sings as he featuring such Hitler banging classics as warm-ooses Hmm, but today the bone writing dictionary When a classic cartoon character meets a classic rocker who's become a living cartoon You get bull Winkle sings as he with songs it be cools you to hear like And times the stage He by combat I need the day Bucky I come in hole and you want to come home with this CD It's bull Winkle sings as he and go in the Little little little fake best of all you don't need a permit to hunt down this collection Make a moose called the your local record store and pick up a copy today Come on three somebody says Mark Twain Sammy were lying horns Clemen I Mark Twain's on her right away. Sure by not Nobody ever talks about Mark Twain no more you know Why not I'm out of sight out of mine cuz they're illiterate because they're reading and cultures books stuff like that for morons. What's he done lately? 567.560 pound 560 on the AT and team for rise in world of slime better take somebody's calls there might be some real A calls on here. Here's Bokeh. Hello Hello, yes sir. Hey Neil. How about the father of modern sexuality you have no? Is dead Who is your all-time favorite dead person? Not on the previous polls have a great day, pal. He doesn't have to be but would help him fit out on a poll We could wait around here. How about you say? You think we got two more hours we could wait Maybe dead by the time it gets his name on a poll. That's a possibility Why sure if you didn't say anything ex-rated Beware this morning. She was talking about stroke A Pat Or patting her something Self oh they might not say anything we just like cook and lunch I'm playboy TV. Okay. Well we don't have time for that. Okay. I'd rather put an iron chair And I rather die before I put that on okay anyway 567.0560. How about you have no what do you say? How about Algo's theme Yeah, here's a call from Kendall. Hello Ron Jeremy. How about that one? Yeah. There you go. Hey Neil got this one. I just want to vent I'm so tired of this hell reporting about these Peter Pan idiots They haven't given anything back to the community. Haven't given anything back to the Capital Church. So what are you talking about? Oh these Peter Pan is in the article today in business Monday so I can probably Peter Pan people that supposedly were successful but have not given anything back to the Or the Peter Pan people who are those. Mary Martin? These Cubans I got saved Okay, great. We'll have a great day. On a way out. Oh my god 567.0560. How come he's listening? Isn't Russia now at noon? Yeah, he should rush right over there. You missed it man. You ought to rush to that style. You're going to you're on a wrong show Let's see what does this say 850 a.m. All sports all today today it is What what what does that mean? What what is that? It makes more certain you read who it's from I can't read the name on a bottom sure you can turn it upside down Turn it upside down I can't make out what does that say? No him can't oh Jesus Why don't you stop? I don't you leave me alone every other talk post in America worth his waiting And salt is syndicated and what am I I'm sitting here on a goddamn make believe radio station with equipment that doesn't work You know what with bullcraft 850 a.m. All sports all today today it is default code a rumor can't all on so far. What what does that mean? Who cares? Jesus Christ the other the man just refuses to admit he's not a broadcaster. He's not a baseball player. He's never going to be he's certainly not a broadcast agent. Oh Jesus Christ And don't call me norm do not call here again. He called me about a week or so ago just to just the Fragoration purposes And he did call the other day with some good news relatively good news he could have sent me a facts don't know call here send me a facts I don't want to hit the side of your voice mr. Broadcaster silly person just like I was talking about before light bulb radio with their 95-year-old people Oh, we're broadcastes well broadcastes right Let me read the circle by a less pain Okay, then more joy His first bad grade this is in yesterday's news day He says is the ones that the Iraq war blow against the city US president of four-star general flips his service camp into the ring This general were told is staunchly against the war this apparent oxymoron general Wesley Clark is no longer a general It's amazing what clarity a tiny civilian suit can bring to generals after WWE two general Dwight Eisenhower lost his taste for battle Got himself elected president then more than nation against the military industrial complex Pride was West Point days Eisenhower turns up had been terminally influenced by his pacifist mother Clark it appears came gung ho out of the womb after West Point he let a mechanized infantry unit in Vietnam Got a serious purple heart injury and struggles successfully away his terminal limp in rehabilitation Erning his first star dates 43 he went on to command NATO forces hammering a kosabo Kosabo was not quite a war just as Iraq is not quite a piece still Clark was forced to retire and we think his commitment to battlefield shock and awe With eight drafty-weighting candidates and one indecisive war hero the humvy of the democratic party Hasn't yet gained traction against the Iraq war that bush tricked the country into along with the candidates who serving Congress US soldiers continue to die daily in Iraq yet to complicit Democrats can't capitalize on his growing disaster They authorized in walks Clark whose handlers would have his belief that his clean hands are against the Iraq war The general is telegenic in a two tonics sort of way lean trim with an easy smile He's also said to be wrong-nerved and vicious and intelligent to support his last claim one childhood friend because that he never got less than an A on his report card Many a straight-a reputation is falling down upon examination, but this one stands pending examination His West Point record however is not in dispute of the 579 cadets in his 1960s If class Clark graduated number one off the battlefield fugitives who led their West Point class have made much of a name for themselves in political life General Douglas MacArthur who led his 1903 class of 93 comes to mind that only is a World War II hero and self-absorption of potential Presidential disaster George Patton was 46 of 100 three cadets in his 1909 class William Westmore and the American commander in Vietnam was under 12 of 276 and not surprisingly Alexander Hey graduated near the bottom of his 1947 class at 214th of 310 The one general to make it to the White House last century was Eisenhower who in his 1915 West Point class ranked 61st out of 164 As a former army officer, let me state that academic brilliance is his valid or invalid A measurement of intelligence and the military as it is in civilian life however Clark's West Point Ranking suggests not only an egghead, but a bookworm soul committed to the art of war The self-same warrior would have us believe conveniently that he's opposed to the Iraq war Fortunately Wesley Clark has a written record and that record is with so much of his broadcast interviews is murky on the Iraq issue In a series of columns for the times of London Clark raised personal concerns about the wisdom of attacking with insufficient forces Initially he also advised that the US should exhaust all means to going with international support Clark lost all conscience however after the West and Britain stormed into a ruck under the deception That's Adam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction weapons that the former NATO commander was convinced to say in owned Under the April 10th times headline what must be done to complete a great victory Clark ensues liberation is at hand liberation of powerful bomb that justifies painful sacrifices in the year Yet a bit more work in some careful reckoning need to be done before we take our triumph Triumph indeed is the no Clark sad it throughout the column at one point he praised bush and Blair for their steely resolve and essentially going at a loan His visions in the column suggested ecstasy and celebration not about not positioning his handlers and Let's have those parades on them all in downtown Constitution Avenue, but don't demobilize yet Clark wrote There's a log yet to be done not only by the diplomats Clark reportedly has never finished second anything He's not likely to finish second among the ten Democrats. He's also not likely to finish first The question on the generals Iraq policy is how can he possibly get an A Pretty interesting A sure By less pain in the yesterday's news day and of course that'll probably read all the cages some of the old Cochars that were out there with a deli Dan last week Getting all in thus then whipping it up to a frenzy you know I'm talking about oh yeah exactly All the old AKs and Hollywood maybe they thought they were given like three bagels in the and Dill they were Could be did that guy kill himself Dill 11 pass no at five sixty w q a m if you're underpaid if you're working in a really crappy job And you seem like you want to tread mode you're life for your spin in your wheels, but you're not going anywhere making any progress How do you like to have yourself a new high paying computer career before the end of this year? Already have to do to get yourself started is get on the fast train That's right call him today toll free One eight six six fast train They can have you trained in certified before years end of the man for computer professionals Continuous to grow there's no better time than right now to get you that new high paying career Fast train offers job placement assistance convenient dating weekend schedules and there are now our six Floor locations including for in South Florida so there's about to be one close by where you are Fast train offers financial assistance for people who qualify too So if you want to take good buddy or did and job in your did and boss call fast train today toll free and get you Self-sum training in a real career in paycheck that goes with it one 866 fast train column today check them out of the web first at fast train.com and then call that toll free number one 866 fast train 2 AM The new Rogers You 16 at 560RT this is not the easier to hear waiting for the courts in the side later today about the California vote Oh, yeah keep the channel right on there right Hang on a this patchy dissiming from a board in Boca's grade. Yeah, and It goes to show you the depth of his stereo See this is why we're doing it again today the last of our series of pulls on dead people just to piss off moment It looks like it's working absolutely it says Neil most by reports on Moha been silly but Last night's dolphin broadcast bears repeating The dolphins won the coin toss with a receiving team Charlie Rogers caught the ball made about a 20-yard gain Moan on the comet well there's at least there's one Rogers in this town who can do something right Our silence mad dog is speechless now keep in mind. This is on the Miami dolphin football network. Okay, right At least there's one Rogers in this town that can do something right mad dog speechless silence For some time close to half time. Oh, made an observation on the game and mad dog said that's not the way things are done here mr. Lamol Silence now mode is speechless. I guess my dog really does have a pair of perhaps yours could find that drop it was great How do you like that Just when you go to the as for your polis is I think Henry Ford should be on it. He's on it Think about it in fact we can change the pull now I wreck the your first one for a 12-volt should Caucasian only clubs and groups be permitted Why not there groups from minorities to 112 51.4% not on schools are publicly funded places 66 It seems a bit clenish with a K 63 Will blood test be necessary 41 and the answer is uh-huh and Absolutely not it's big a tree 37.2% of you think it's big a tree for a white only club Anyway, he says Esphere pull I think can be fortunate want to think about it for an end and end of the card There'd be no SUVs nobody's new invader rack and no money for chanien bush oh, they'd find another way Chanien pearl and wolfwoods in that crowd of a grave robbers those far-bison or right wing glam I think Richard Pearl is Jewish, you know Yeah, how's it about it? Why he's one of those you know Jews for Israel 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Your all-time favorite dead person not on those previous polls and we're not gonna you know if you'd not into those other previous polls Don't know what it is then lay out, you know, right? Do they have to be dead? Wow, you have to be good Dr. Robert Akins who taught us not only how to lose weight, but also don't slip and fall on an icy sidewalk and don't hit your head or your Dave The thanks for calling lady, Fay Barbara Kamperman why am I putting her Barbara Kamperman hardly clearly in the post? Bob will do it anyway just to make that guy happy Ben Franklin Thomas Edison Albert Einstein Walt Disney Carl Sagan and way in the outer races of the universe Charles Darwin Simon Freud Alfred yeah, he said it like he was constipated during apple narration on cosmos Sound like he had that a good B M in years Billions and billions of years billions of years between his last good Turd Sigmund Freud in that effect really can you think of Carl Sagan having a bomb move it it's me it just I don't know just seems Unceami for any intellectual guy like him, but if you did he'd analyze it closely probably Maybe pick through it Sigmund Freud Alfred Kinsey Henry Ford Robert Fulton the old steamboat guy Steve O'Willie and Mark Twain and that's it we don't sure don't have any on here do it No, alright, well we did them Thursday. I don't remember what that was it was so damn important Well because this is historical and that one was political the music one no problem we had like an endless list Here's a lady in Miami hello hi Someone for your poll okay Dave Thomas Dave Thomas we wouldn't have Wendy's we wouldn't have all those plug arteries without Dave Tom we love Wendy's I love Wendy's too Thanks Neil you're not if this is the office that every now and then to come up with some special new thing and it's so good You love it then they discontinue it there you go yeah, okay, I have a right thing That's my kind of girl right there she hates Ellen she wants the big triple cheese with bacon and Let us in all kinds of you know maybe when they figure out how to fry salad That would be good. It probably they're probably working on it right now I'll tell you one thing if you do eat there enough you'll be fried 560560 I mean how it how can there be any comparison now seriously? I guess it's more expensive right? What when these the McDonald's are booger. Oh, yeah, of course you get we ain't no comparison anybody with any kind of taste whatsoever Anybody with taste buds that are operating would tell you when these is like heads and shoulders I mean because it you want it or why? Because they broiled the meat Because it's juicy it's just dripping with fat. I'm not talking about which is better for you I mean that's that's up to you, you know they actually make it fresh they really do you can check Well, you say they make it fresh, but if you go through some of those Wendy's drive-thrues late at night What they do yeah, you never know is they like cook them earlier and they like set them off to the side And then they reheat them back on you oven again, you know back on the grill right It ain't too much of a thrill when they reheated on a grill but at any rate and blueberry hill. I'm a fat stomoro That's right. He stole a lot Oh, five let's do that again. Oh, that's seriously is there and why do people eat at burger cam? I mean McDonald's is not good but at least you know what it's gonna be right burger fries. I'm sorry I just for the life of me. There's no reason that those people ought to be in business No, it's rubber no, it's rubber their burgers come through a conveyor belt and they're rubber you could drive your guy damn car on it about 80 miles Just get for just get for a wapers man You go come up your hubcaps your your home one of the back for a spare right that's right get five to go Get a double waper with I only need one to go though. I'm serious burger king is crap their onion rings aren't insult to the intelligence of human race They're nasty they're like little tiny they're like turd they're onion turds Would have bred it that they're like about 90% breading and they're like maybe if you look real hard There's like a little bit of onion inside. It's onion and quotes Jesus cake Christ man burger king blows Those of you people out there to want to climb and add have some good news Todd Drek Find the game is some good piece of news are good friends at vikker nerves and for lottery I'm getting good response. That's good to hear you don't have to be from Rochester to enjoy good watches to White hot Or any other good stuff there would all like good Rochester hot sauce on it. Mmm, tear your kishki's out, but it's good So glad to hear that and you all had it reminded me I was thinking about this before when I first came to QAM First of all I shocked them by saying that before I started on the year I wanted to have a sit down meeting with a sale to permit They were just astonished like what what could that possibly be about you know? Yeah, and then I shocked them even more But I told them you know about how I wanted to have those client response sheets for our live endorsement spots. What are you talking about and they looked at me like are you crazy? In other words, you really care about whether you get response for the clients or not now that lasted for about what 30 minutes How many minutes? We had a few of those and then they like laughed it off and said screw you it's too much work. We can't be bothered So when Todd Drek actually gave me a client response this morning from a vikker nerves It was like a breath of fresh air especially coming from a puts like Todd who generally speaking does give a crap He was just sucking around here's a call from Hollywood. Hello I'm sorry my way to Miami Springs right now But the deli thing I never got a chance to make it Sorry, I wanted to go there. I wanted to see what was going on Number two general clock or any other general any guy and you know it doesn't matter what his great standard was in Web points or the naval academy some of the low balls that actually had pretty good military careers But some of the other guys, you know They work number one in the class and where were they? You still living yeah, okay Yeah, I'm not so sure which but I make my living selling go to your booth You know deli's like to make celebrities sandwiches. Yeah, like the nearly burger and The D&K well they've been asking me forever. They want to make a feel you're cruise sandwich But nobody supplies they're all I'm need Okay 567 I need to go all of that time and I come up with that 567. 05 60 orders the flavors beat in the Leafs the next edition game 4 2 less than the air can of the sun Leafs in Montreal tomorrow's that what he just said okay, I know you're hockey intensive already Panthers the scored nine goals in her first exhibition is given them they got their ass so kick by Colorado in a second game Any interest now yet? Well, we got the Marlins more I guess I should probably give this schedule out. We got so much heavy duty crap going on today Like that last call Mad dog at two the mad dog who called now what did he call him again? I already smitten that facts He called him let's see I got it right here Mr. Lamot Oh, that kind of like pie out on mo in it I'd like to see like a big chocolate cream pie pile on mo round top of his evolved spot You have to hopper a chill as four to seven a seven to seven doing preceding the big big Marlins on deck at seven Marlins at the brave 735 last game in that serious Any camp in the baseball game joe and mark with their lowly rated show overnight 2 to 5 an AM 5 670 560 pound five 60 on I guess I better vote on the new pool new pull is up The main event of the day it's like in and boxing, you know they had to prolongs then they have to main bout right no doubt Well, let's see I picked Ben Franklin so I might as well vote for him right because I still say electricity man It's got it all beat without electricity what the hell with Thomas Edison have had to work without electric right if you wouldn't have gone flown flow night tight We got just a few votes on her Walt Disney's got five Carl Siggins got four Ben Franklin's got four nice go and Ben Go fly it again, maybe the thanks for calling maybe's got three Charles Dowell, Dowell, one's got three Mark 22 one for Dave Thomas one for Barbara Capeman one for Albert Einstein one for sighing Freud one for Dr Bob atkins and Nobody else got number that's when he's six votes just went up there new pole. Okay, hop on it And don't forget tomorrow 11 an AM to one PM are the lovely Miguel will be at the computer technology showcase at the Brewer County Convention Center Just look for the well is he gonna be in a van or what inside? Inside The best in here will be there plus maybe some of the old CDs The more Howard David a keychain and some of the mad dog key chains, whatever we have left over And those are going fast a few to love and you can spin the prize wheel for Marlon tickets to go by there and Spin at wheel Probably be the most exciting thing happens to you all year long in South Florida 27 past noon at five 60 WM if you're on the Atkins diet speaking of the late great doctor Bob my close personal friend You know he autographed one of the books for me personal yeah, do that I watched you think it's worth a few bucks now If you're on one of those low carb diets like the atkins or the Susanne summers I still say why couldn't it have been her on a sidewalk you know? I mean that's cruel, but if we had to choose between her and Dr. Bob Because she's just a rip off artist. She just step out on a bandwagon Here's the great story to fight all kinds of low carb snacks and goodies The lights are west book of the number one low carb store in the universe over 900 how much did they got over a thousand and maybe one of these days To argue me some new copy by the way I apologize to skip me I thought this was your account It's another one that toy the boy just inherited picks up the you know picks up the commission and just sits back and relaxes his ball spot And he lights check out the new low carb instant cup of soup just add water pop it into microwave for low carb Meal and a cup for delicious flavors they have Regicially delicious low carb muffins for quick breakfast They got your own individual size little cheesecake low carb hot cocoa apple cider Blanies and brownies the lights is got an incredible selection of low carb pasta's sauces Dressings chips chocolate their famous carbohydrate ice cream juries low carb peanut brittle make you a way to think of a stookie Stookie's stookie's Carbore redded drink chocolate middle shakes by the way my stookie died Friday The last brand chocolate crisp and chocolate mint bars with no malt at all To keep you off the can and those delicious almonds that cakes in six different flavor in other words to make a long story short All kinds of things to help you stay on your low carb died You can try anything the story before you buy it to and don't forget all atkins brands products around sale all day every day even on Shavuos at the lights arrest book at the Ropand Daily 10 to 10 you'll find the lights on the northeast corner of blades in 441 right next to Boston market column pull free at 1 877 low carb or shop them on the web at low carb dot com For the fact ship station It was on Saturday morning and exactly not a war but nothing could prepare me when I'm not done rally store He was browsing his growth in that he was just about to put a cannon to the macro wave I am used up there through many cities and cared he was reading the you know what that's not the one I wanted to play Oh, well, I'm sweet I'm going to play All right All All All All Leave Crisis oh Very easy What about great problem of trodder? More bandy of it you don't 1235 at 560 look who's reading our poll right now Who's your all-time favorite dead person not on the previous polls? Okay, we've been doing dead people for a few days kind of like quasi moto Thanks for calling in fact, you know something maybe that's what the Clarissa to try Thanks for calling ladies got 13 Don't take any bulls Ben Franklin 11 Dave Thomas 9 all before I finish reading the poll I'm inspired for tomorrow's poll. See it doesn't take too much to get me going on the food. Okay, we've done this before, but it's been a long time The best fast food chain is Okay, okay, we'll do that tomorrow. I will save you at one for later in a week The other word the straight brown eye Oh, here's TR North Miami says I'll get don't let me forget about the poll the United Negro College fund goes to support historically black colleges University of the school have an open enrollment and any race has tuned as welcome Well, so what would be wrong with the United Caucasian way or what college fun would the same policies? The schools allow students otherwise might not qualified to attend other public or private universities a chance for higher education At a reduced cost in short to term Negro in the UNCF for first of what schools are historically a number of these schools are no longer majority African American Some of that is to be definition of these terms and in fact many specific colleges and schools of these institutions which received support of the UNCF are majority white Well, I'll be More so Statistics like only two and a half percent of American positions were African American and nearly all of them had been trained at one of the two historically black colleges university Howard or Marjari indicate not only the historical value of a current necessity of these colleges View it's starkly what harm came for a come from companies who donate to you is I don't think there's any harm from it Lastly is there a significant difference between UNCF and the heritage fund at Titan American funds Jewish LL fund conservative Christian wasp funds There are thousands of racially restricted scholarships UNCF is different in that funds a class of institutions not a class of individuals got it no In closing Cisco had zero to do with rap was never rap star never performed on a rap tour I know who he is he's got a bad hair do he's got that silver awful or he's young black and cadence But he never is nor was hip hop rap. He was dirt there pop back. Well if you know net he shouldn't shout anybody It says I love you deal about sometimes you're a we've been out of touch with a dark side of the things and you know what thank God for that I don't touch the dark side, okay I believe what I heard whatever you like. Oh, I'm not saying I haven't word not not too dark though I have I have like a meter I carry around with me Well, seriously if it's like over the middle of a monitor scale. I oh the meter goes on Exactly like when you cross over the Niagara Falls well Thank you very much the art. I was very informative and like I said the hookers, okay, so we got 16 for the thanks for calling ladies Ben front Friends got 13 Walt Disney 11 I think all of us white folks are out of touch on the dark side when you Sure to next up. Well, well, well, many of you to extend you're more in touch because you got old and dark drug dealers, but that's beside a point But there were Jamaica and they don't count Walt Disney 11 they've Thomas 10. I'm impressed by that aren't you? Okay, glad that lady that the chronic regular lady called in Dave Tom sure we miss you Dave But he still left us his fat Wendy's behind you know. I don't think she's that tight and I missed I missed those spots that he's to remember when he was driving a race Car sky they were great. Yes, those were great spots. If you say so don't eat my sandwich Are you didn't like those spots? You probably don't like Wendy's maybe you're a burger can guy. I like the old days It said where's the beef that was Clara Peller she's dead, too. Yes, let's put Clara up and now we don't She was cute Carl and then she had a good point to you look at some of those little burgers the McDonald's oh my goodness You take away the bun to see that's where I eat him. I eat him at canstiles so I like use the bun as a holder All right, yeah, sometimes currents it's sometimes it's good to use your bun as a holder It's in the eye of the beholder I'm having a hard enough time Not but Carl sig and seven mark 26 Charles Darwin five Dr Bob Akins three Time with Albert Einstein. I'd like that two good Jewish boys. Although Albert never fell down Sigma Freud one see you know what that makes me very grateful because you realize that fall I had an Amsterdam years ago About three years I think could it kill you could it killed me and especially on a cobblestone man if you could see where that is right in middle The red light district pointed out would those really nasty Hookers I mean nasty cobblestones Seriously, no, I'm not not gonna hookers man. She came out. She was very nice to me That dark-complexed the hooker lady. She was she was great. Oh, Mr. You're bleeding You got to come inside and she took me in and like worst me off and the whole deal I got on the train went back to my apartment just about collapsed the my head was spinning But the good thing is I had see unlike Dr Bob was carrying his briefcase. I was carrying nothing So I just like used my hands to brace my fall did hit my chin on a cobblestone No, didn't break no teeth, but I have like blood running down my nose. I was a sight more so than usual And so all I did was break that little bone and I had that split on for a long time And then I went to that one guy that the nurse put the split on two tight and damn your cousin the gang green and lost me I remember that. Mm-hmm. Oh, I don't want to mention his name on a year Dr. Burke was 1241. Well, I mean he's he was okay, but his nurse was like a little bit too carried away Maybe she didn't like me. I don't know she put it him Splend on my finger so I had to take the circulation stopped all the way to my armpit 19 till one is 16 W to humans to our life if you don't weaken that's what mile we says, you know mine on you That's what she says. She's jealous though because my irritable bowel Trust me to have like just this week Power movements and it's only Monday. She's very jealous of that. He wants to know that she only wishes that she could crap as much as I do An ounceing and this is no crap a 2003 Neil Rogers blow out say or you know what they say at The hell of potty. I went and down. This will blow it out. It's going on right now at hell of a punty E. M. C. Get to lowest prices anywhere for my good close personal buddies Tom Limit and Joe Prieto Neil the oh number ones they've up to $7,000 with a high-respected The year plus deep deep discounts that reach way down in your pantalones Neil the oh number two gets 0% financing for up to five years and you can lease a 2003 Pontiac Grand Prix GT2 at Hellet right now for just 279 bucks a month for 36 months with 12,000 miles a year and just 2,000 bucks out of your pocket That's right you pay only 279 a month even Scott some day will be able to afford that someday not soon Hellet's also got great deals on you kinds into nallies too Of course, how it's also as you know and got a great selection of certified pre-owned cars trust as you vis You won't find a single lemon on the lot. Maybe your fruit or two, but no lemons And if you were to about your credit if you have a blum, sure to hear in there on your push and on your credit too It's not a problem in hellet because the whole idea when you get on a lot over there is they want to cut you with deal It will work with you. It's the 2003 Neil Rogers blow out sale going on now at Hellet Potty AGMC and you'll find them in the same place They've been making unbeatable deals for 35 plus years 134 or one south. Fix you highway that's you. What's going across in the falls open every day seven days away One more info on these spectacular deals called the meal deal hotline. It's full free one triple eight 534 42 11. No forget all Neil deals have it credit approval See our good folks in hellet fort details in hellet potty AGMC who are professional graze For 205 60s you I say as that or a funny show idea if I made borrow a phrase from the great money All in hello Darren everybody in paradise land I'm how with the David it. I hope you'll join me each and every Friday for my forget about a show That's what I open the phone lines to all three of my regular low income callers and let them vent their on what's bothering them I was up all night dreaming this one up at first I thought I'd go and would handpuff it's like a sandy becker Or maybe a poll to a both a quistler quick, but management I agree this will be a real showstopper Now I run a family type show here so I don't want no references the spicks Trigger bulls or faggot jizz guslas other than that I promise you a hilarious Good care for me a high jean's and open conversation forget about it Friday that goes for listening to 560 WQAM 47 at 560 WQAM You know that to me is the epitome of bush-leigness To be bringing a whole thing into the broadcast of a dolphin game a national football league game With the dolphin network But that's okay, you can do whatever it only wants push leg baby bush leg mole Court bands religious gifts to classmates Kindergarteners and first graders may not distribute to their classmates gifts to the very religious message According to a ruling by a federal appeals court. Thank god. Oh God. The 30-US circuit court of appeals recently ruled in favor of a new jersey Elementary school and for bidding a boy from giving out pencils with a message Jesus loves the little children with a heart symbol symbol substitute for the word love dance straight No the classroom is not a place for student advocacy road chief US circuit judge Anthony J. Skurrica Speaking for the court in wallsperses egg harbour township board of education. Oh, I love that egg harbour township board The school he said has a legitimate area of control regarding speech within school confines and the younger the student the mark and troll a school My exercise he added But the Charlotte's bill based rutherford Institute, which is representing Daniel Waltz. I wonder if he's kind of jack walls You think no How do you know oh what you know I don't get how many day go get any what grease ball come out of the woodwork which is representing Daniel Waltz now nine plans to appeal the case to a full-bentard 12 judges of the circuit and a best sir to the US Supreme Court The recent unanimous ruling which was handed down August 27 was made by three judges at stakes at rutherford president John Boyd It is constitutionally protected speech He called a third circuit ruling a dangerous trend Right I call it the 9-11 fall out he said the courts as the schools have complete authority to decide what they want said If they don't like a kids religion they can pick the kid pick on the kid or for black kids his Martin Luther King was the greatest person alive If a teacher didn't like that he could just kick the message out This idea that we have to watch everything and given the authorities power contracts a long line of Supreme Court cases Mr. Whitehead said even if the first amendment is involved the third circuit is saying control control control goes to the schools The case began April 98 when Daniel then four and his pre-cinder garden classmates attended a party at school all a kids brought treats to share Daniel came with a pencils which the teacher confiscated Daniel's mother Dana Waltz who was in the classroom at the time as a shaperone Immediately appealed the matter the principal the principal assistant superintendent and superintendent said Daniel could Is to be the pencils only during non-instructional time because they didn't want the school to be held responsible for endorsing Christianity Territails in December 98 when Daniel and his kindergarten classmates and other party at the school Mrs. Waltz can contact to the schools lawyer beforehand to obtain permission for Daniels to distribute candy kings Would a Christian theme story attention? You notice the pattern here? Sure the little procily tizer She was informed that Daniel could do so only outside the building during his free time And December 99 this is Waltz and form the school that are somewhat in distributed more candy with a Christian message attached to it again She was turned down the child ended up giving out the candy in the hallway. Oh, oh, oh Aren't they enriching on his rights In May 2000 the rutherford institute filed a suit and be half of the child saying his first amendment rights had been violated In February 2002 US district judge Jerome B Simon Dale a federal judge based in Camden, New Jersey sided with a school district blaming the mother for being the driving force behind the distribution of those items And in this lawsuit it was highly unlikely he wrote that then four-year-old Daniel was able to independently Read and advocate the dissemination of the message on the pencils Joe Bentley lawyer representing the agar harbour township school district also said the mother's influence was a problem The parents were using the classroom to proselytize He said there's a difference between a kids ability to understand the difference between who much endorsed by the school board and what's allowed because the school is taking a neutral position Is that pathetic or what you far-bistered and going and others out there who want to continue trying to pedal Craft down people's throat keep your fairy tales to yourselves you crazy people you That's what I have to say to you a whitewood is the virgin Mary on my window right now Jesus Christ and he's coming next week for lunch Pascade what are freaking country man religious intolerance and of course now you got with is these fascist you got running as perfect on their belt buckles It probably says got his mid-wounds That's what it says what is that mean? Me's it's all a bunch of crap is what it means And he's got his Jewish and don't you ever forget a little spick By the way Venezuela military intelligence says overwhelming evidence the CIA planned to bring down Shava's free as player plan on route to the U.N. in New York Do you ready for that? No, not Details behind the sudden decision to cancel prison Hugo Shava's free as next week trip to Washington DC and New York The liver speech of the win are being revealed by security services who say they have overwhelming evidence of a CIA back plan to bring down the Shava's free as air plan during the schedule flight to the U.S. from Caracas So he decided uh, uh, not coming But we wouldn't do something like that would we? Nah Venezuela and president Hugo Shava's free as How about pre toes and Cheetos see I think you're full of Cheeto? Oh, I do like a good bro. Oh Taco Bell get that under right away I'm just starting my preliminary list right. I don't want to put them all on there Then that's no fun and takes the ball out of the audience's hands Taco Bell a Taco Bell might give my vote. I like Taco Bell I don't know if I like Wendy's better or Taco Bell. It's a different thing right Apple's an oranges. Yeah, they have apples an oranges at Taco Bell I wonder if they got them out from Caracas they probably got them off like some Hispanic Place Food form From Caracas with Maracas. No, that's in Brazil with his Hispanic food form 560 5050 5060 on a AT&T and for rise and wireless line who's your all-time favorite dead person Not on the previous polls in other words not a musician not an actor actress not a politician Thanks for calling lady 20 Ben Franklin 17 just early had a Dave Thomas 14. You know, I see great similarity there Don't you been Franklin Dave Thomas? How's up? You don't think they looked alike? They did wear those goofy little glasses the both of them yeah And kind of an fat Chuck right gray hair right same person. I think Walt Disney 12 Carl Sagan 10 The intellectual Albert Einstein nine who's probably a little more enthrals Darwin eight what does I look at that and smart train for seven look at that group huh Carl's a good Albert Einstein Charles Darwin and Mark Twain Dr. Robert Ackon's for Thomas Edison three small potatoes. I guess I don't know why Thomas Edison was probably the brightest of When you think sure Genius or ask and who's your favorite not the bright not the brightest not the best a segment for a two barber Capitman's got a vote that's probably the old fart that called it in Henry Ford one Henry Ford's only got one that's because we don't like all those Verland anti-symites and Robert Fulton don't have any out of the first hundred liven votes. It's just it's just getting going But we'll add to it. I'm sure while we think one or two maybe here's for Lauderdale, huh? And you know how you doing pretty good sir. Listen. I work for a fast food magazine and Wendy's not that there's anything wrong with this but Wendy's put strained beef Baby food in their hamburgers and strained beef baby food. Yes, that's what they use to mix in with the ground beef You've had that nice juicy You know Great amount of the bun and also You know you talk about the solids and stuff like that and promotional items You know what sales are flat they do that they have a new kind of sandwich the spikes sales up and then after six weeks they discontinue it Yeah, but they always come up with some fantastic spike criteria sandwiches better and by far And they think I'll say God and then if you're like two months you go back. Oh, we don't have that just continued Well, they'll say that we don't want 37 items on the menu. It's too hard for the staff to make But yeah, you're right and just a point about salads and healthy items the fast food places All the fast food change across the board will all tell you the lowest selling item on their menu is that Healthy your items so we talked to talk but we all really want the fast and you very and all men that's right and When last thing how about an idea for a poll, you know like people like fictional people on food packages Uncle van if myma the Quaker Oats guy my favorite cat who crunch that's a good That's a fantastic idea. Who's your favorite Is it got to be fictional? Well, they're all fictional aren't they? Uncle van all those guys. I don't know if you're ready crocker There was nobody crocker. No, there was none. There was an altar crocker. I know she wasn't sunrise It's all fiction. Oh, Mrs Paul. You know those are all fictional Okay, all the right idea. We're gonna. We'll do it this week. Thanks, Val. All right. Have a great day. Bye bye. This is a good idea. We need some new and good old holes right favorite food mascot For a preview. That's even a good morning there, Ashlyn. You can do that to tomorrow when you're on What? 12575. Well, I'm gonna take a few days off unless we get to the 25 grand. I'm pissed off at that thing That best in the old is going so damn slow. You people are so freaking cheap wait till a good people get back to town like in Whenever they come and back 25 Oh, yeah Let me tell you right now if you seriously want to lose the way that means one thing Mr. here and talk about picking out Which is you know there's no calories and thinking and talking about it Balance for life will keep you full and satisfied. See that's the key most of these diet programs You're starving to that all day. They get especially the prepackaged things that those little teeny tiny cartons or little tiny Canz and man there's nothing in them. I remember what I used to get that stuff. I used to eat the whole weeks We're in one day and then wonder okay, what's for dinner? But with balance for life, they give you a little black sack They deliver right to you every morning no matter how lazy you are no problem right here dough Three gourmet meals two delicious snacks are in your black sack and believe you me There's enough great fantastic food everything made fresh with a best ingredients to keep you satisfied All day long and obviously that's the key to any program if you're going to be cheating all the time What's the point? In fact balance for life is the only company that's you choose between two alternatives reach one of these meals and snacks every day You fill out your menu once a week and that's what's in your sack exactly what you want So if you're sick and tired to be an overweight out of shape with a third you're diabetic If you're frustrated like so many of us fat parts Let balance for life help you lose the way like a doing for the beast and so many of our listing audience out there Call him today. You'll see results on those skills with a just a matter of days call 954 5 6 8 32 29 954 5 6 8 32 29 or get more info about their program at balance for life.com I It's time once again for the Neil Rogers one to two hours The Now Oh, no, my love, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, You made me a slow cover and I'll be stupid determination blind themes, right orthogonality, goingscitore! Why? I'll ride 105 and 56. He was he didn't take too much. He'll be worked up about then. Nope. Don't take too much to get us fat folks worked up about food. I'll be telling you that right now. Let's see. Who's your favorite all-time dead person? Not on our previous dead poles. Thanks for calling maybe 26. He's a killin' him. Ben Franklin 20. Dave Thomas doing well. I school and David did change it again. 17. She's got 30 now. Where come he's he's going? I'm 30 man. Walt Disney 16 Charles Darwin 12 Carl Sigg and time with Albert Einstein 11. Although Albert was less pseudo intellectual. Mark 28. Dr. Bob Accazeate. Thomas Edison 5. Sigmund Freud 2. Barbara Kevinman Henry 40. Robert Fulton don't have any out of 142 votes. He's been out of Robert Fulton except I got a call to do. What about George Eastman? What about him? The picture guy? Well, there wouldn't have been no he sold a lot of patents. Shredded. And it wouldn't have been no ratches to without Eastman code act. Right? Right? No, no put him on it. He's an asshole. Oh, I do like the Eastman house for the show all the old sound of movies. Ever been there? No. Well, I guess you probably have ever been to a Donna Bobbs. Nope. But the good news is you came go to Vick and Irbs right there by the tunnel in Fort Lotto. See there's not a little plug for him, okay? Well, I like those guys because I like the the whole Rochester thing is good. You know, it's just something about those white huts. You've had the white huts from my arms. Absolutely. It's wrong with that. What's not to hide? 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T forize line. I'll forget big game. It's every game. Now is the game of the year. What they got left Scott 7. Barlins. Scott. What? What are the marlins got left? 7 games? You it is. You bozo you retard. The Phillies have six. Right. And so both the blues and the cubs are going to the playoffs. I like to take a look because nothing I don't trust what you say but you are generally full of crap. Thank you. Let me just take a look at the astangings here because I want to see the Phillies play tonight or is this the game that they're making up the Phillies have a night off. Okay. So this is the even up the schedule and the Phillies have one less game. So this is the game in hand. So if the marlins win the night, then they take a full one game lead for the wild card. If they lose, then they drop back and reflect footed tie with a Phillies and with a cubs right on their ass. Right. Cubs win tonight and the marlins lose. The cubs will be in person the wild card. Oh, they will. That close. That's that close. Well, see that's what happens when you keep backing in and back and in so we're clearance full. You keep backing in all of a sudden right away. There's somebody right on your ass. That's what you least expected it. I'm going to pay check now. Five six seven year. Worked five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Okay, sir. How about under the same way. We'll be all those drunk down and key works without him. Not only that but you know that when you go like in Florence did Lee. Yeah. And you see what that was an even at bar that the famous bar in Florence. I don't know. Well, whatever it was, you see his name all over the place. Okay, excellent choice. Thank you, sir. The old man didn't see. He was a crappy, a crappy old man, but whatever. So he do what? What was an salty dog? So was the name of the famous Harry's bar was that another crowbar. No, the Harry's bar. The crowbar. Maybe was the cactus. Five six seven. Oh five sixty. I'm surprised the cactus was not an fax from normal kid. By the way, normal stop promoting competition. Okay, you asshole. It sounds like a conflict of interest to me. Yeah, it sounds like I made your lawsuit. You idiot. You professional. Fag. God. Here's a call. You know, really, and truly, when you think of all the dead famous people who didn't fit in the other ones. And this is literally disappointing today. And how many million people could be on this list? At least famous dead people. Right. In fact, I'm surprised them. The bush people have called in and they'm like, here, I'm hearing somebody like that. Here's Weston, hello. Anyhow, how you doing? Pretty good. I've got a name. I believe this guy revolutionized the airline industry. I'm going to go with Charles Lindbergg. Okay. Because I feel, you know, the way another anti-symite. What's that? There's another virulent anti-symite. There you go. That's my vote. Good vote. Thanks, pal. All right. Thanks. And by the way, he did kidnap the baby. Yes, he did. That was a great book. I can't do the name of it. You weren't did you read it? No, but I heard about it. Saw a story on it. Yeah, though. There was a way to get rid of the kid. He did it. He done it. Of course, it'll make no difference now. But, you know, all of these things that happen historically, it's just like these people have believed the religion crap stuff that's supposedly happened thousands of years ago. Stop that happened in our lifetime. Who killed JFK? Who really killed Martin Luther King? Who really killed Kalk Robyn? All of these things, you know? Who killed Batman and Robin? We don't have answers for stuff that happened right within most of our lifetime. And we're supposed to believe all these bubble micees, these fairy tales written by these Neanderthals about crap that supposedly happened thousands and thousands of years ago. Who had a halidation meeting? Obviously a lot of people are making a good book doing a text free. We're in a wrong business. Yep. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yeah, I do a new piece. Big fan of yours. Big hockey fan too. I went to the dolphin game last night. That's what my voice is lost. Yeah, a good game. Sounds a real good game. But I'm also waiting for the first fantasy to start a million guy. Well, I look forward to a new year, big Toronto fan. Yes, sir. Yeah. Yeah. Did you do any pickups of the offseason anything? Joe Noondike. That's about it, man. Joe Noondike. He's playing good in the preseason. He's playing like a young kid. He's a feast-a-salty. We got no defense, man. We're defenseless. We got no defense. Oh, no we are. Yeah, the dolphin. I mean, um, practice that. I have no defense whatsoever. Exactly. I'm so sorry for the one on the side. I wanted we could get straight into the place. I'm going to. He's he's going to be busy this year. Yeah, he's too raise man. Not like Neil. Have a great day, pal. He's too good. Go east. Go. 560560. I wonder if that least buffalo game is on again. That's not again. Oh, that'd be great. Yeah. There's a Brett Lindras stars. Here's how to want to see him. No, you want to see him? No. Good. Well, how you even know who the hell it is. The director, younger brother to play. Hold it with the game because he had all him concussions and then Erica, he might as well quit the game. He ain't playing it no more. Nobody told him yet. Here's a call from Coral Gables. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I got one for your poll. You're right. Okay. Can you handle this one already? I'm trying. I'm trying. I'm strapped in. Eight off Hitler. Uh-huh. You like it? Crow Gables. I'm trying. You're off the road. Right. You like it? See what I mean? Crow Gables. 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. How come there's so many assholes in the Gables? Have you ever checked that out? I don't know. We had to do a study on that. Which part of South Florida's got the MO, which? What's it the 85,000 different metropolitan areas? The bedroom towns. It's got the most assholes. I think the Gables went sands down. Yeah, no contest. 12 minutes after one at five 60 WQA. I'm attention on mortgage shoppers. The following message could save you a lot of cash. 10s of thousands of dollars. Interest rates for home loans are shooting up dramatically. They're kind of like some of the use to work for us shooting up. But they're still an interest rate available. It's just 1.95%. That's right from financial groups. So column today 1-800-940 land. It's truly economy's changing. So if you're even thinking about repinancing your home or if you want to move up to a better real estate investment, call financial group 1-800-940 land. With that kind of low rate, you'll pay if you have 100,000 out alone only 268 bucks. If you have you way 200,000 out of your payments are only 736 a month. So call financial group now and get that unbeatable low 1.95% interest rate you've been looking for. Call 1-800-940-LEND. They're an equal housing lender. Quitter restrictions apply. Right something to change monthly 5.19 APR. Brand Leute Friedman I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna Oh baby! realiz! One infinity is five six years, don't debris! That's once the couple's already as a little Capiron Junior. Here's the fact, this is about Jim Henson, I started the ride again in that realized he was on TV a lot. Say what, no? Jim Henson, with an upends, yeah? Well they were like, TV performers, right? He wouldn't be on there today, right? You're right. He blowing on the entertainers. Right. There you go. But, Billy and Vokus is my person is Nikola Tesla. What are he's related to a rusty clasps? A place for Columbus Blue Jackets? Or is your hope to, oh man. Hey, Rusty. Let me take a look at it. Below is some of the things he invented. By the way, can I just mention, can I just, uh, as an aside? Because I watched Michigan State Beatos, uh, awful Notre Dame, the fighting Irish toast for, and is there any other football team in America that's got its own network beside Notre Dame? Oh, that's a Catholic influence again. NBC that carries all Notre Dame gives one of the greatest graces on the American cultural scene and yet nobody says anything about it except yours truly. That would be like one of the networks carrying all the year's Shiva games, you know? Kind of crap is in. crap. But anyway, Michigan State did be Notre Dame even though we tried to choke it at the end there. And speaking of choking at the second, the, uh, backup quarterback for Notre Dame, maybe Scott knows who does Brady something? No, why is it that all quarterback's name Brady? In his case, it's his first name as opposed to Tom Brady. Why is it that all quarterback's name Brady looks so goddamn good? Jesus, I almost started rooting for Notre Dame. I, you notice almost not quite. But holy crap, where the hell can he be seen? And I was thinking like, the Brady bunch, but there was nobody good looking on the Brady bunch. Not even close. Right? None of the guys anyway. And none of the girls were not cute on the Brady bunch. They were like nasty little, uh, maybe, Pambi, they were cute. I do Marsha do her right now. Oh, Jesus. Oh. Right now, right now. Jesus, 82. And I'll bring my own KY. I bet your clearance would do her. He didn't want anything. He was trying to do the sink earlier this morning's what I heard. He was in her going, think of a swim, think of a swim. Anyway, so the eye of the storm is, so which will find in Spencer gives was invented by Nikola Tesla, Thomas Edison stole many inventions from her. See that, I guess you used to be very popular. It George Eastman stole all kinds of inventions from Edison and Edison was stealing all kinds of stuff from this guy. So Nikola Tesla put it on the way to the all kinds of crap, which I can't read the rest of the facts, but I'll take his word for it. Got it? Got it. Thanks for calling me. Which of course we don't believe that. But nevertheless, that's okay. You notice how all of a sudden we got the bogus vote today. That's all right. That's fine with me. She's got 40. Do you believe it? A name recognition. These people, it's our crowd now. Name recognition. You may as opposed to Ben Franklin. Right. Exactly. How about Franklin Pangborn? Thanks for calling Lady 48. Dave Thomas 22. It's not even close with the crankpots. Ben Franklin 21. Walt Disney 19 Albert Einstein 16 Carl Sagan 14. Sure on by the way Hitler can't be on here political figure. Where were you did that? That's right. Charles Darwin 13. Dr. Bob Atkins 8. Mark 28. Lot of grits and stuff. I guess is what Mark 20 Samuel Langhorn Clemens. I don't know. I'm just not I'm not that big of a Mark 20 fan. You know, he was kind of a crumudially clever humorous guy. You know, he, he, he, he, he created the revolutionary style of writing the way people talk, which apparently had never occurred to anyone before. Did he write y'all come back now? You hear? You write that in the word, Nigger a lot. Did he really? Yes, he did. Well, today I'm going to think of it on this station. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six. Now I'm just trying to write now it's a good thing he had on this station because God only knows. Kind of crappy definition. Do you never know, right? Okay, here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Good, good. Why? Louis, excuse me. Louis Pestor. Yep. That is a good one. Okay, thank you. What about, what about, what was his wife name, Maria? Maria? Marie, Marie, Marie, Marie, Marie, Marie. Yeah. It's not, she invented this thermometer, right? That's filled with Marie, Marie, Marie. Oh, and they also said, I just read this a couple of weeks ago somewhere, maybe we discussed it. If you break it like you don't have to worry about Mercury, remember you always used to get told, don't break that thermometer because the Mercury is poisoned. Right? It is not. That says who says wherever I read it says it's not as dangerous as you think. I mean, not like swallow whole bunch of it, but and so they're also saying that even the Mercury and the fish you eat isn't a big deal in them all. Lots of relief. Don't you feel better? So as Pestor, E.U. or E.E. E.U.E. You are Louis Pestor, get that French right. At least this vloggers could do something right. No, I'm so embarrassing, that is so bushly. It hasn't really even permeated my scallion. That would be like bringing my name up to Jimmy Johnson. Right. Right. Who would do such as that? Oh, he did. Idiotic. Pethetic. An overgrown child. That's what you are, Mo. An old man who never grew up. Big. I think if you like even like a rattle in the spoon, he'd start banging him on the counter there in a morning man. Oh, he's got a rattle. That's easy to rattle his ass. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. May that's why he keeps ticking him dingleberries off it. Somebody's rattling it. Here's the call, oh, I noticed how easy it was to rattle for relis more. Boy, you better bunch up a little baby. His image went way way down with me this morning. What a, what a crocker crad. He took that personal about getting the spots in before the end of 10 o'clock. I mean, that's it. That's his business and this man is taking it personal. You could tell me I had like a big gigantic bug, a bug, a pizazz. But he had a bug. He had a bug, no question about it. Where the hell is that? Oh, it's like this. You're taking a scary question. Yeah. I'll get it. Well, he'll be all right tomorrow or not. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. For Lauderdale. Could be the most important call we've had all day. You like it so far? Oh, it's kind of less weather now. It's ring hello. Kindle. Hi. Hi. I'll examine the plumbing finish element. Is your favorite of all time? No, no, no. No, that's okay. Okay, thank you. I was enter Fleming. Getting a lot of old Farts calling it. That's good. I like thick plumbing. The Vic plumbing trot at the Hazel Park years ago. I think Jack Eckerman when I race in 63. 560560. Oh, look at this. Five thrashes and Tomo. Three place bill for four. Three. Three golders and bastion. Okay. That's and Tomo rams with no mo. 560560. You're going to list us some pretty Louis Pesture. I mean, how could we have Pesture rise milk and madam curry? You were talking about curry earlier in the show? Right. Kid curry. And then the Indians at Pakistanis, we'd all like curry as a result. Have that strange aroma sometime. How come it's Seattle pie that? I don't know. I think what it is is like people of Indian descent for example, who were born in the West, like in Canada or the West. I don't think that they have that aroma. You see what I'm saying? I knew one Indian guy in the Indian, in the Indian, not American Indian Indian Indian Indian. And he smelled just just fine. Right. Really? He was a hardcore Indian too. Wow. I didn't do my song. Well, you know, they'd walk past and you go, oh, he smells pretty good with for an Indian. Wait, what's somebody smells bad? You don't have to try to smell. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. As you discovered and why? Yeah, when I got cut to cheese over the weekend and believe you, I've been around some gaming people. Wow. And you could try not to smell them and it does it work. And the worst thing of it is when you see somebody, it looks really good in the elevator. You say, oh, maybe I'll just kind of like settle up and, and whoa. You just, well, you get to find the next floor. I mean, even if it's like the 37th floor and you're going out of the main floor, you don't care. You get off the next floor. Now you go to the actor. Have you heard? Like when you catch a whiff of something unpleasant or you really good at keeping your poker face straight. Come on. I try. I'm not. I can run this time and just go. That. What is that? Yeah. Like I jumped and skipped all across the blockbuster when that guy I knew like we all settle things like say, Holy crap, who died in the here? Things like that. I think my head's been around twice. Like when the crow used to come in all the time with the eat. See, it's not only people who smell bad, but people who think that they smell good, but overdo it, I mean tremendously. Yeah, yeah. Oh, geez. People around, like 80 pounds of colonel, or a talcum powder, are both. I think it's an indictment like they're trying to cover something up. Hmm. I can still smell it as the crow flies. 27 past one at 5, 60 WKM. Hey, let me tell you about our friends at dry concept. Now who's handling this account? I was just also a Troy, because he's he's just a Troy. You smile up at it in the crow. I'll say that, but man, you just stay in cut and lately, sweetheart. We're going to have to put you back any of that field with Ricky. And from what I understand, man, you might get sore about it. Dry concepts do a wonderful job on your carpeting, on your drapes, your furniture, or poultry, all of these things. Nobody can touch them with a stick, which is why I've used them in my house for over 20 years. And now, dry concepts offer you a chance to say 15% of the next carpet cleaning. You better take advantage of this now, because it could end any moment, especially if forever gets new copy. Just called dry concepts, toll free at 1-800-248-5071, asked them to put you on their standby list. And then dry concepts will cut in the next time they've got an opening in their schedule. It's just like when you fly stand by, if you're available when they have an opening, they'll not 15% off the regular price. And I guarantee you, they'll do exactly the same spectacular job. They give you written guaranteed price before they start to job your carpets are dry in a couple of hours. They smell lemony fresh, looking smell and feel just like brand new. You can't beat them anywhere in the world. So do yourself a big favor called dry concepts today, and ask them to put you on their standby list. They may even have it opening for you in the day that you call. And you'll get 15% off the price of the job. 1-800-248-5071. 1-800-248-5071, or check them on a worldwide wicked way of a dry concept start off. David's a bitch. Do do do do do. And that's why I think the jet will have a trip-being ship season. The jet, I really like tell you you don't talk to like say you can talk. This is the best. I said shut up, frats ol! That you're like a father of me. You don't talk to lamb, done-talking. When I'm done-talking, then you talk. Ok, I'll be. Come with. Come with. I would you know me to print the buy Mr. Guff Club. Why are you all out? I'm gonna show you the business sentence they come in. This court sentences you to 20 years in hours. Would you invoke? I had a tag of my mattress. Looks like we'll be your bunkmates. The names for how a David star is stage screened paradise. What's your, they go with me, coffee? You've got so panless, thank you. But it's so hard real hard. I'm gonna make you my one. I hope it's not a good start. It's a good start. God, you're a pinky. I'm so tired, you got 10 minutes. What else do you be safe beneath? You're both out. No man. You're not new in the blue, but that. And so good. Okay. For the power to sleep like that. You know who I am? No, come and then don't think it up now. I'll be a bloodshed. All right. But I expect a Britain apology. I might just put that broom in a book. I'll take the broom. I'll take the broom. Lord, no see you now. Thanks. Well, Mr. David. Who wanted to jack Jack Ordin'? How can I help you? Well, you see what? Yeah. I keep getting raped to the dead. To be a vatician. John, look into it right away. Thanks, Lord. It's about time. Some blood. But it now dropped your path. I said drop your path. This is odd. Spoon. Favors don't come to you. Yo, yo, yo. Let's be cold. Ree, yo, big child. That's how we pass the time away. In the geo, jello, ha. 133-560 QM. We got the, uh, mad dog coming up at 2, the Humperers 4. We got that ball game. Marlins at the Braves. The game of the century. That's the makeup game in the schedule. Is this, uh, is this also since it's on a Monday? Was this again that was rained out? Scott, you know? No, it's part of the series. Just a screwed up schedule. I mean, a play Friday Saturday Sunday and Monday. They do this once in a while, but at any rate. And it's good timing, too, because they need that one game to get to eat more of the fillies. Oh, we can eat. So, I'll just need now. Here you go. Words to live violators. Gentlemen. Now we can control our own destiny. Excellent job, Scott. Shut up. Alfred the dead man. Paul somebody said, Johannes Gutenberg. How can we leave him off, right? Okay. You don't agree? Sure. Of course, in the better of the printing press, I wouldn't be reading this right now. For example, you go on this. And what about William Shakespeare? Huh? Okay. Do what about TV? He was an on TV yet. And he hasn't been into moon movies yet. Five set all of a sudden. You made a lot of movies out of his stuff. You want to see his stuff? That's what Marky Mark was. That was Marky Mark who was in him. That was in hardcore that you're talking about. George and he were gone. And he was gone. I'll see my stuff. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon. Wireless line out of tremendous. A tumultuous Monday. Got it. It's only freaking Monday. Holy crap. Here's a call from Miramar. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Hey. How you doing? Fantastic. I didn't even want to. I had to visit my little room a while sitting there. It's a contemplating. I thought of John Krapher, the inventor of the modern day toilet. Where would we be without the Krapher or Gaxeland point? Well, that's my point for today. So I'll have to. I'll leave you my hotmail. And I hope it was a successful visit. It was. I fell all my precious body fluids. Clear my mouth. Oh, wow. Outstanding. Nice job, Kelly. Thanks. See you in the Krapher. John Krapher. That was his name. Yes. Well, when you come right down to it, I guess that's where, see, obviously, that's what the Krapher came from. But Krap being sure for Krapher, right? Right. So we can thank John Krapher, not just for the toilet, but for the right. What a bunch of. Or just go take a good healthy. Yeah. Or you're full of that. Yeah. So we can thank John Krapher, not just for the actual facility itself, for the personal and bus. But also for all the other things that go along with it. Like, yeah, let's fill it up with some. Or Greg Reed is always full of that. Our Mo is walking. What? Why? Where would we be without Krap, you know? 560, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Thanks for our call and lady for some reason tickled the fancy of the cranker voters today. Yeah, you know that. I mean, I'd like to think that. I mean, we all loved to rely on you. I loved to rely on you. She was great, but a little bogus you might say. A little. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, Oria. Pretty good. Scott doesn't know what he's talking about. Not only are the marlins, the game in a half ahead of the cubs. The cubs don't even play today. Yeah. So I didn't think he could. Cubs were that tight on the raskers. They were like, they faltered there for a little while. No. That's a game in a half over the cubs, too, and a lot of stuff. Scott says that you can bet his life on it. You know what I mean? Makes him money. Right. My contribution is laying on the dinghy. I thought you were going to see the capoo. I was hoping he was dead. Well, when I heard the vent, she, how could they leave him? Oh, my God. He's the run-of-thoughts, man. You're ready to go on? A freaking genius of the river was one. Thanks a lot, pal. See, see Scott again, you're just letting us down. But at least one thing Scott may not be good, but he's consistent. If he tells you something, look it up. Right? Yeah. And what the cubs want today? You said if the cubs want today, and a Marlins lost, that the cubs would pass them and the standings they'd be in a wild card. No, I said the cubs want today. If what? If the Marlins lose today, and the cubs win. Win, like a week from suckers? Yeah, about them. Yeah, the cubs ain't playing today. I need to read the fillies. The fill fit off your fillies. Well, that's serious tomorrow. Let me say it again. I don't want to start putting pressure on anybody. And I'm not. Don't give me wrong. I hope they do well. You want to know one of the reasons I hope they do well, George. Why? Because if the Marlins make the playoffs as a wild card, there are four games. See, go, Marlins. So there are days. I see my fears have invested in my abandoned boys and girls. So we get to more day games like those one of clock games. Yeah, the only problem being that they would start and San Francisco, I believe in my right about that. Scott got up so he can't answer. Oh, yes. He says, yes. No, I know that. But if there were begins in Florida at PB Park and they can't play them all like you know, because they got four serieses going on. So maybe we get like a break in there somewhere along along. I thought we're looking to get off any days here in our way. Oh, we love those Marlins. So my point being that if there's any empty seats tomorrow through Thursday against the fillies, my any will you have your chance to show your ass to the world looking and how's the weather today, by the way. I don't know out there. Yeah, out there. Potten human. I don't know. I don't know. But I'm just saying it's not like there's any gigantic rainstorm where any excuses yet. I mean, this is only. I mean, they're in Atlanta tonight. But I'm just looking ahead. In fact, I'm going to be checking the weather. Very careful. I'm going to look at the radar right on my pewter here every day. No excuses. Okay. If there's any chance that it's a baseball town, which sure. Of course, we know it's not. But if there was any chance, here's your opportunity to get out there and to show your tangible support and quit all the BS. Just like when the panthers season starts for, I think that could be, you know, speaking of stupidity in my own, I just realized here about 20 minutes ago. What? Did I've been sitting on the floor here for like two years? I must be a horror on. Yeah. Seriously, because I put this chair together. Okay. Right. Bob, we're moved by close personal red neck friend or to this chair for me. This orifice chair after they put that big green ugly old saggy chair in here. Like a bunch of idiots. And so ordered me this orifice. You're in a cane one day from office deep on. And I put it together. And it's very comfortable. It's very similar to the one that your ass is sitting in right now. The only problem is it's got the same kind of a lever on the side, a lever lever. All right. And I had a two low. And it just dawned on me after all this time being a little bit slow in the feed Browl. I'm sitting on the floor. You know, a two low, you're on a flow. You know, sometimes the hydraulic leak. So you got to say that. I think it was especially when there's a big fat tub of cram like this. It's been on the, yeah. And it's been like taking a slow leak. Squirt squirt squirt squirt. And I'm like sitting on the flow. And I thought, I don't want to do this. No, no, and so I like moved up in the world. Now I feel like a real man on the. Or suppose it's all ever be 19 till 25 60. Hey, you'll feel like a real guy. If you call VIP sportsbook.com. We've got about 7,000 sportsbooks advertising on the station. Now you want to know why? Because there are a lot of grave robbers out there. Want to get a whole year money. Whether you see it again. That's another story. 99 facilities bookies are in the jungles of Costa Rica or some 85th World country. Move up and class this year to people you can trust VIP sportsbook.com. Though the oldest, the largest sportsbook in the Netherlands. How to present legal and license to listen to me and call VIP sportsbook.com. Now and plunge with confidence, PIP, plunge in peace. Call 1, 866 VIP best because beyond the shadow of a dude. Their soft float is best sportsbook. Sign up now. You can bet all soft float of football to basketball teams. Use free all year long. You want to bet the dolphins. It's time to do 100. You want to bet the hurt cones when they play another one of those old. Rollschools. It's 100 to 100. So forget about the big, all sign up. Get a legitimate honest goodness. 20% cash bonus. Not some funny money. 40 match play bonus. VIP sportsbook.com. That's where you find in my line. Or call them toll free. 1, 86, 6, VIP bets. That's 1, 86, VIP, BETS. Be sure to mention QM when you call. VIP sportsbook.com. Or you be the VIP. QM. When do you want to see KS? QM. QM. QM. QM. QM. QM. QM. QM. QM. QM. QM. QM. QM. QM. QM. QM. QM. QM. QM. QM. QM. QM. QM. QM. QM. QM. QM. QM. QM. QM. QM. But guy, maybe someone should sell him making it this way as long. Haking at your dead best friends, the king, flush ball. Still doggy doggy dog on the ball track. Puff them as a crepper. And the reason I played this is because we got the wrong name. The fact that it was right, it's Thomas Craper. Okay. And it's not only Thomas Craper, it's Sir Thomas Craper. Well, indeed. This is from plumbingworld.com. One of the most prestigious websites I've had the pleasure of discovering in a long time, Thomas Craper, myth and reality. Myth, Thomas Craper as a person never existed. Fact that we don't know is actual data birth. We can now say that the man Thomas Craper probably was born September 1836. Since he was baptized the 28th of that month. Craper did have a successful career in a plumbing industry in England for me. 1661 to 1904. And it goes on about his death and his birth and yada. Myth, Thomas Craper, invented the turlet. Although I will say this, you probably would assume his name would be John. Nobody says, right, I got to go to the Thomas. Right, right. Maybe they will know. Fact, nobody in the, no one in the know about Thomas Craper would ever make the statement that he invented the turlet and his research. Who's this guy, Robowski? This name comes out because I skipped over a bunch of stuff. Well, whoever discrebsky is, maybe he's really the Mrs. Robowski. Remember her Mary and G if you have him the sixth lady? No. Oh, she's probably dead. As research, Robowski has created a detailed history of Craper's business life. The man holds nine patents. Four for improvements to drains. Three for water closets. The old WC. One for manhole covers and last for pipe joints. Airbeapent and application for plumbing related products filed by Craper made it to the process. And actual patents were granted. The most famous product attributed him was invented by him at all. The silent valveless water waste provider was a symphonic discharge system. And a lot of toilet to flush effectively when the sister was only half full. That British patent was issued in 1819 to Mr. Albert Giblin for this product. And it goes on and on and on. Myth, Thomas Craper was never a plumber. Oh, yes, he was as the fact. The operated two of the three Craper plumbing shops in his lifetime, but left a business Three years before the final and most famous facility on Kings Road in London because he hit it work like Crap. Myth, the word Crap is derived from Thomas Craper's name. Fact, the origin of Crap is still being of it. Hi, Loot. This is the greatest thing I've ever read in my life. Everything you know is wrong. The origin of Crap is still being debated. I think it started with mode, don't you? Absolutely. The possible sources include the Dutch Crap A, KRA PPE, low German Crap, KRAP, meaning a violin and an edible fish. Middle East Crap with two peas in the Antomis Craper. Where Crapers derived from Craper it is by a process known as part of the pun, a back formation. The World War I do boys passing through England brought together Crapers name in the toilet. They saw the words T. Craper, Chelsea, put it on the tanks and quintessong Craper. The Craper made the slang Craper meaning toilet. The Legend of Thomas Craper takes its flavor from the... That takes its flavor. Yeah, killer real man's life. Woo! Just save her that flavor. Well, Craper may not be the inventor of the product. He's most often associated with his contribution to England's plumbing history of significant. And the man's legend, well, it lives on despite all proof to the contrary. How do you like that? Ah, well, I feel very enlightened. Clumbingworld.com for those who are really obsessed with the bull. What was the name of the guy that really invented it now? Again? Oh, I have to go back to the end. Oh, never mind. Do it away. I'll look it up. No, I got it here somewhere. Never heard that before. The guy who we didn't have any of the toilet was Albert Giblin, Giblin. The sound valve list water waste provider. Now, I got something important to read. Okay, do I have permission to read it? Okay. Come with the perfect song. But it's about the Bush and Ted Kennedy, which I'm sure some people saw this, but it's worth reading. Escalating and increasingly bitter rhetorical feud over Iraq. President Bush fired back at senators Ted Kennedy and Massachusetts yesterday saying it was uncivil for the democrat to accuse the administration of robbing foreign nations to take part in the postwar effort. Bush said the senators should not have made the remark. Kennedy criticized the White House last week for using when he described as concocted evidence against Iraq and said the case for war was a fraud. Absolutely correct. In a separate appearance, Kennedy also described an 8.5 billion dollar loan guarantee to Turkey as an administration attempt to bribe the country to offer military assistance in Iraq. The remarks sparked a partisan battle over the appropriateness of criticizing the president with House Majority Leader Tom Delay accused Kennedy of reaching a new low. Bush would originally decline a responsibility attack, used in interview with Fox News and Command, Brett Humeus, that he'd take Kennedy to task. What a surprise. I mean, Senator Kennedy, who I respect him with whom I've worked should not have said we were trying to bribe foreign nations. Bush said, according to a partial transcript made available last night by Fox, I mean, my regret is I don't mind people trying to pick apart my policies and that's fine and that's for a game, but you know, I don't think we're serving our nation well by allowing the discourse to become so uncivil that people say, use words that they shouldn't be using. Democrats have been infuriated by similar comments in the past and the Republicans are trying to cast them as unpatriotic because of their questions about Bush's foreign policy. Last night Kennedy responded in the statement saying, for the sake of our troops at time for this administration to speak honestly about the failures in Iraq, many Americans share my views and I regret that the president considers them uncivil. Jim Jordan campaign manager for Scary Senator John Kerry who voted in favor of authorizing the move to action in Iraq said, it's always amusing to see anybody from the Bush administration accusing Democrats of uncivility. Cut like Greg Reed calling Georgia Liner. This is for 2056. 2 a.m. Y'all. Drop out the dish or burn. The story that rocked on the beach in the world. Uncle Ted did throw on some boxer shorts, let's cruise our bark and rage with some babes. Excellent. Our money, women, and co-intang. Uncle Ted did. What use are into this fire today for the pressy face and do the wall thing in the compound? No way, though. That's right, Ted. Excellent. They're rich. They're powerful. They like this women, they get a well-humanity smith. And then Ted Kennedy and Bill and Ted's ex-foot adventure are two of the next genetized y'all. Excellent. That was exciting. A little finger slupage on a button. They're keeping on your toes anyway. Oh, I love what it happens. Anyway, I don't have time to read this whole thing because I would read one more piece. But it's on our website. I was just checking to make sure that it's on there today. And it is by Eric Margola, who is the artist of the article I was talking about before. Where he makes reference to Hermon Gering. You're loving. Bush's tame US media may yet have teeth right Eric Margola. She says, I've long considered CNN's Christian almond for outstanding journalist. I haven't. Last week, my opinion of her rose further when she met a distromo controvers. You went asked by a TV interviewer about the US media's coverage of the Iraq war. Breaking a taboo of silence in the mainstream media, I'm unprocurrigiously replied. I think the press was muscled. And I think the press self-muscled. Television was intimidated by the Bush administration and its foot soldiers at Fox News. Right on cue, faithful to Reich Marshall Hermon Gering's advice to attack all the sending views as treason, Fox accused almond for being a spokesman woman for al-Qaeda. I felt for almond for having myself incited by the US News conservative media as a friend of Saddam for disputing what House claims about Iraq, whose secret police had threatened to hang me on my last visit to Baghdad. The war like Mama's boys at the Nio Khan National Review actually had the hoods for the call me unpaid periodic. columnist in my own paper pilloried me for opposing the Iraq misadventure. Now, as White House lies in distortions of being exposed every day, these critics aren't mad enough to admit that they're periding on an administration war propaganda. I'm unprocurrigely calls it high level disinformation was foolish and unprofessional. Christiane Amin for is absolutely right. The US media was muscled and censored. So, and then it goes on which you can read the interest to reoniowages.com. Right on cue, faithful to Reich Marshall, Hermon Gering's advice to attack all the sending views as treason. Got to love it. Oh yeah, love it. Yeah, lots. Anyway, here's what's happening on our pool now. Who's your all-time favorite dead person? This is our last dead people pool for a while until Mo dies and then we'll do one, like, what would be that pool question? How delighted are you? How fast are you dancing? I'm dancing is tap dancing is faster things like that. That's bad. No, I mean it. Anyway, a favorite dead person and out of the previous pools. Thanks for calling ladies 65. Now, some of those may be a little bit in doubt, but they'll she'll take it. Walt Disney 35, Dave Thomas 27, how you doing, Dave? He's still eating that big, the Wendy's triple in the sky. Ben Franklin 25, Albert Einstein 22, Charles Darwin 19, Carl Sagan 18, Thomas Edison 13, and I would talk to Bob Ack and 13, Mark Twain 10 and then look at that. Look at the drop off there to then, huh? Steal me three for Sigmund Freud and Henry Ford and Barbara Kevinman's got a pair and old Billy Shakespeare's only got a pair of small pair. That's what I heard. That's what they say. Mad Dog who's got the big pair, whether it at least know a little bit in that broadcast. That's a rumor anyway. Mad Dog's coming up next. Then we got to Humphrey for from Schueler's The Marlins game of the season added, let a pregame 729. Bye bye bye! We had a fight in Ford Mario. Wanna me tell you something, my crowd's Nick Friend?