the one thing I wanted to talk about that I didn't today I'm going to do it tomorrow for sure is that they also gave tonight at USL you're a field I forgot the mission that I think that is the worst fans in all of baseball the ones that jump out of that stadium and try to kill people they should kind of white socks fans are thugs bombs pigs idiots drunks, luscious and horse the one good thing is there aren't that many of them I love you Neil how are you doing today answer on great another lovely day now no no no no no no no I have to go to the DMV today which is a lot like going to Cuba we'll have to post until Thursday the big expose you're going to do one most new contract extension yeah mortgage if you want to around here well he's got pictures anyway I want to ask you one cool thing because you're talking heavy baseball what you all start in come out in your life since you're trying to get work up some enthusiasm get a few after people at the Marlingame in your life have you ever heard of more boring play by play god and Dave and boring I actually I can't believe that you're laughing actually he's got a bad here piece by side I have beautiful life when I was with my father the other night who is excited to talk to you tomorrow everyone here loves him I said dinner we were going to games like high ever by the day I don't know it's another lot of other than I got to five errors and he's still doing a great job up out of way my hot prince is rolling over his grave you better believe that the gunner I can't remember yeah I can't like I didn't I didn't blast the listen to some of the great so I was such a last night it didn't like I so listen to Kurt Gaudi call again like you know impartial and then you get the guys here that that'll do it and they just absolutely crowed for the home team it's torture it's like Randy for Terry and Pittsburgh he's so scared to say anything bad about the pirates that Randall Simon wasn't even mentioned when he was being that shit up princes partisan as he was he was a real homerbo when one of the players had played for crap he would rip him an ass remember when he's stinned yeah of course all over his ass he ripped him an a we're talking about dick hooking uh we were talking about homenny dog we're talking about every dog we're talking about all the rareseek in alloy face house Smith uh we know we're talking about star so he burges monkey burges like there's strange glove big store bonus Wagner Bill Maserwansky and remember how long run before that now heard yeah Billy Burton and he we did allow them to the years he still I think he meant and like was one of the ventscores just through last season bob skitter hey they gave boy McClendon and their new extension they Parker used to snort up the chalk and the first piece he used to sell really good offers kill did he hey listen I got to go to the dnv president and women they give me an answer and they've been boring come on I don't want you to leave it waffling you're starting to sound like duff now I said he was I I think he's uh I think he's a homer he's boring and we had joe angel here who we do was like a part of the team he was exciting he was enthusiastic and a screw him over actually like the book shampies very nice to many seems like a cool guy who's a good guy we're one of the few people who really like it I have a contest who can get laid first clearance or boog hey maybe we can fix the tool mop they said his on vacation this week and we have footage of him at home eating cheetos he's on his 14th bag and he drinks milk with it like if the beast is out this week maybe a boog can fill a gap for clearance yeah I turns out the beast is fine first class to Boston tomorrow's dad paid for everything yeah he's a spoiled rich good for sure I won't forget what I told you take him to lunch one big in a couple of brews and he'll uh spill a beer you think of him pouring out of our golf outing with a bunch of so good you volunteer that see I'm not going to brought it up for else I'm going to be here to this is a guy who's always talking about the wonderful things we do for charity bamba and a me time he's stiff goli on a golf term that he takes a little bit and then there's a lot of work on he raised a lot of money for he's stiff him on it and now he's stiffing you on your golf term yeah and I'm raising money on Thursday night I'm waiting tables at a cheeseburger joining crossman we're giving all the money to breast cancer you know but he's not trying he's in he's still here yeah it's another is a one arm dog filter really yeah but see I don't know hey man there was a one arm there was a one arm picture yeah that was Jim happens through the know here he's getting a little bit of it he get out and the midget or whatever right uh but we somebody said the yesterday there was a one arm dog somebody said that my dad yeah was your dad I just unbelievable and he's ever got a sportsman's park in St. Louis now no the sportsman's park race track in Chicago so by that was a great part of the event that they matter they don't tell you a great story about my short cut to a sportsman's park in Chicago down cissero avenue but that's we don't have a cissero is a lovely neighbor who it's beautiful get some good the energizer now we'll also turn up a little like the weekend the day matters they can't get in darker and darker and darker and if you didn't the band matters are now my son and he the I've been to Santa needa did you like Santa needa I've been I've been to a what the hell they call a track in Sacramento what is the name of that thing second world golden bear in Sacramento did you ever go to a second and give a good church so now no I have no they even obviously uh I'm more of a harness case they've ever been to the to the Belmont you're been a hazel park hazel park I've ever been a Jackson Heart is raceway no ever been to Pompano park I'll tell you one thing this coming sees will get you up to Pompano park I would like that you know I'm big on anything that has the potential to wreck with wheels you and Mo and Fat Rich and I will a plunger guts out or Pompano Park will bond up there will we'll scrape this whole thing out with Mo yet I guess you won't be watching me all starting in the night no I will not but you will eat seven quantites today no I will not this you will and I won't this you will no more that crap you love sure and I got that be these man in fact I gotta go for my blood test right now he's going to anger what do you call this is an an an apology but I've never even heard of a doctor he's going to his in his colony he was lying to me this morning I was just like look at him going you prick yeah I like that my dad was going off I said you were rabbit on me last week for like try to tell you hey friends you look out of my eyebrows and yeah give you credit for being this guy's one friend and a whole guy didn't place a now I know you had a you've had a falling out is that what you're telling I said there case talked about ram and the high hard one and my father's wife my mother has the way the breast cancer from me lovely I mean that's about as nice I always said how if you want to be a smear I'm gonna take your wife and daughter out first and believe me I can cut your throat there's a lot of people that don't like me but I don't do that I'm nice for the guy they pulls out of my golf outing I hope he gets a real blood disorder and you know what I'm talking about I'm gonna be talking about his blood clush arteries and his heart collapses and he has a time that the DMV yeah thanks a lot Mr. Friendly crappy can unwrap all the slime all the time five sixty w u a a is proud to announce how and David is dead hey thank you Rowan forget about it that's hardly after day of intensive shock therapy management emerged with a brand new lineup for the vacationing Howard David starting tomorrow wake up with the Joe Markham's young the that's the Joe Markham said show now on five sixty w u a a and a way to buy sixty w q a I'm happy to be to I feel like I work yesterday uh was that I just do because I build your ass out you would die on the vine I have to be so you know working my brains uh just working feverishly over my DCS computer swite and punched up the thing on Q and you're like dying over there so I build your ass out and it's from industry spots that pull and you do understand why don't you love why why because it gave the audience an opportunity to rip mole and ask again oh was that I didn't see here but that well you didn't have to which of these events will happen first George ass yesterday for how moved to the six to ten slot which is of course a very pro for well anti-mo vote and now you don't have to worry about that folks because now the heat each other like boys never take too long to the right now although we don't want to be ripping more too much because it's quite of all of his denial it's quite of his golf games and everything I'm listening you know that they don't speak about it I'm listening for how moved to the six to ten a n slide five hundred and for all those are the stations license hundred twenty six aliens will come for a visit ninety three the ice capsule melvin kilos all ninety three and after I will hit in kilos all seventy seven Jeff Remer will pay for a meal sixty nine never happened and could have an accident been way down on the bottom and quit ripping a rubber is where you play those second dollars psychotic phone call no George stops sounding gay fifty one that will never happen either U.S. and so talking past dinner rack forty one Eric will croak twenty six now why did you put that on there Eric suggested on I will croak meaning whatever votes but I didn't think it translated well so I just changed it to Eric or croak twenty six I think I voted for that a Carlos gets his life together twenty five that also will never happen and peace between his rallies and the Palestinians twelve okay out of almost one hundred votes yesterday not bad for the middle of July nobody's in town pretty damn impressive oh I don't let me forget on Thursday since we already did the day van boring thing all of his pretty weak in his uh... hack on day he must be had the hospital's wife but at any rate on Thursday after a mind him that will it that'll be appropriate anyway because the following Thursday a week from this Thursday the what's the day twenty four tests it is going to be the ratings not that just another trend but the spring book oh hey that's right April man june the spring rating book will be out of one o'clock on Thursday the twenty-fourth and it'll be and the pressures on and you're a scot I don't want to put too much pressure on you but the ball parks all in your ass now man right the law he wait for the hourlings I understand that but at least in the beginning for example if there's a spike up in a morning we're gonna know what that's all about it's sure it could be the mull miserably and if we have a spike back in a midday it's gonna be because of the fact that we're back following with a real lead in and also back intended to where the show belongs in my right absolutely yeah the sweet spot so june because uh you know very honestly April and May were mediocre for the whole radio station I don't want to mention any particular time spots but uh there's certain day parts that could use out I'm listening okay just calm down put it back in your pants quit scratching out scratching your throat talk about a dirty old man this is the guy when he first came in you remember how uh oh yeah we were filthy and disgusting and everybody else this was a disgusting place in yati adiati I got scotty man can yeah that's what he's talking about on friday with for real I got scotty bitch scratchin is nuts all or at least now we got him to admit it that he's running around a front of everybody picking things will be a bit of his butt in scratchin is nuts classic eye mull all away got some very bad news for the audience very bad news beginning next week long time soft photo radio personality Greg B. Del will become morning host of the crystal radio groups adult standards wgna he and newsman day McBride will be heard weekday morning six to ten am in mime and west pombies he's taking a spot that the renewry had and of course my past away and they had the mow and Sally filling in who mow and stem all my you know something I never even done on it mow and Sally and they thought one mow in a morning is uh enough in a market okay so they had to get rid of mow you mow mow and Sally did great job filling in but unfortunately other we wish them well they said in the end you know is most recently at light ACWLY of mime is morning show playing slush music your audiences here in south florida in nineteen seventy nine like a bad penny keeps going away and showing up again keeps going away threatening is never going to come back and by the way Greg you know everybody hates you I just want to remind you I don't want you to feel bad to get paranoid again you even our Greg Greg Greg Reed hates Greg you know so we wish all luck at a world Greg but don't stick around too long a rumor while is that he might be uh auditioning for country kitchen again in a highway as a tending waiter as the singing waiter at the country kitchen in fact my mother slept over there with my aunt and john a couple weekends ago and said the one thing they missed was Greg details the singing waiter at the country kitchen on stewardling road in Hollywood the fun Greg everybody has his calling 10 13 at five sixty w q m on a beautiful Tuesday man it's just the phenomenal I don't really think I'm going to take that call a naples do because it's online six how did I know that right off the van you know for years I've been tell you about the health benefits of all you made because the stuff really works and that's why take it every day not just ordinary olive oil but it's super concentrated with all kinds of good stuff for you all you made in your pussy every day can up reduce the risk of heart disease high cholesterol and there are 14 different oreo met formulas you can choose from each one combining the best appearance of oil that you ever smelled in your mouth with all kinds of good stuff for you it's right vitamins and minerals are both to support specific health needs from your bones your blood pressure to your immune system just pick up the formulas that are right for what you need now there are three new formulas one to help you sleep what to help you control that weight and cooking tin for your heart to pick up some olio met water out slept and shopping around today at public's records log greens whole food markets and a browser to those are ordered online at olio metamorphod.com if you want more info call them toll free at 1 866 olio met that's 1 866 6536633 pick up some olio met the name for better health start confident in your push right away I will take pourine No! No! No! God! Clear Shadow Watch, you can show your support. If our rally for bats America will diskeggle in one of your towns, so, call your local clear channel to corner and shine up now. All 50 of you will be supplied with our ML Patriotic signs of A, and will be invited to enjoy our Texas style clicking bar to the key, while flitting off liberal incentives. The festivities will be kept off with a community group running on fire. All you have to remember is March forward in Mark's Day, and don't bring your eyes. Hey! What? You blink your eyes. We have been treated in none of the group look leader. The time of the trip to Henry was once one of the, so we took him downstairs to the quiet room. Where's if your advice guides through Henry? I was a nice guy myself, what a fool! I have my share of liberal views in the past, and I found out Mr. Henry that the word is a school of business. Are you sure there is no need for free thought or creativity? Yeah, but let me say something for some of his, there is only a need for clear channel, General Electric, Halibar Handbeck, Tell, Amaco, Chevron and Shell. Okay, for your own Mr. Henry. Yeah, you will make all your program, for Gordon, Calico's, liberal views, setbacks. Okay, because Mr. Henry, you're a radio dubbing. All right, all right. I'm listening. Ten 18 at five, 60, WQM, happy Tuesday, till KWG2 polls today, it's the poll one is already up there. Okay, and I'll finish something else is already up there, and that is this. That? And that, and these is, and then, is our hot couples contest. We screwed up, or you guys screwed up yesterday badly. But I also screwed up a little bit, because I was consorting with you on the ear in and out throughout the show yesterday, and I also forgot. Yesterday, we were supposed to have the pictures of the fourth and final hot couples contest up there for you to vote, and we screwed up bad, and you've been a boy. Who says there was Eric that done it? Right, nobody said? Yeah, I did this, make any difference. It's a middle of the summer, we don't really care. So what we'll do is we'll just extend the voting for a week, and we'll do it next Tuesday, we'll declare the winner. Right, or to think that's true. Sure, well, I mean, because we're advertising that we're going to have a full week for people to vote on, and there's plenty of votes that there's over 100 votes on there already, which we'll get to that moment, surely. And the first prize winner in our hot couples contest, this is the last one for the present, whatever. Mm, give us a higher... I beg your pardon? For the time being, for right now, till we get some more crap to give away. Three day, two nights stay for two of the world-awares as we've shortened Cassina when the Bahamas, that would include the round trip airfare, a liquor air, or, or if you prefer, three night, two days stay for two days and two or three in Jamaica, and this one includes transfers, food, drinks, utilities, entertainment, but no airfare. You pick whichever one you want, if you're the winner, and then the second place, there won't erupt couple, gets whichever prize you didn't pick, and third place gets dinner for two of the prestigious pizza lock, for free, unlike some people that pay only 50%. But for free. So we got a good response, we got 18 couples on this fourth and final one, which is spectacular, by far in a way the biggest response. It's a pretty good, it's a pretty good battle, I would say. We were dubious, too, at the beginning of this week. We were going to be starting on this. It was very slow starting, but once end, we got a real good battle, Maggie and Tom, who got a lovely breast there, Maggie and Tom, 32, and Aaron and Brandon, 28. How do you like that for horse race right off the bat? Now, Alexa and Mandy, that doesn't, Natalie and Edria got nine, rich and Cheryl, who were in once before, and didn't do too well, but they got seven hours of their off-road better start. Brett and Daniel for, what do I say, Danielle? What do I say, Danielle? Michelle and Rick, who seems a little bit tired of the moment, he's got three. What is that? Yeah, net and Peter, am I saying that right? I don't know, everything is loading really slowly here in the building today. Yeah, that's right. So we can't take it. Adriana and David too, I don't need you to, I'm just asking about the names, Brittany and Greg about a pair, that's not Greg Bidell, and Donna, I've been a guy to pair. Although we can't see him, I lean in Ben, and I've also got a pair of votes so far. This is just the early ago when people discovered that this was on there. Marina and Bill have got two, Laurie and Mike have got one. This is going to be a job, you know, Kimberly and Bob have got one, Evette and Nelson have got one. Marie and Michael don't have any yet, and Doris and Kevin, and if I don't, I don't really love him votes already, and I discovered there was on there. Now as I go back to my page and I see, and I see what I've done to myself. No, what? Well, no, no, no, we're slow down badly, because not everybody's taking it once as he the pictures, including the breasts. They want to see who's breathed by their own. Oh, no, it's see, I do this to myself all the time. Oh, damn it. Okay, here's pool number one, which it wasn't up there yet anyway. Last time I checked, there it is. It says the pool is down. What's Eric's problem? There's he having a little bit of a problem getting this to get in. But that's not for maybe he died. Here's pool number one, who is most jealous of and or obsessed with the arrogors? See, now he's supposed to put like I'm sassy, they're underlined and are putting big land. Not really great, yeah, that may be my fault. I'll I think I'm underlined right here in the front of me. I was most jealous of and or obsessed with the arrogors. Phil Henry, are you sure? Mohour David, that's absolutely. Joey Reynolds, Miss Maddrod, Steve Kane, or chronic colored Dennis. Those are my choices. I thought that's a pretty good list of six, don't you? I may let somebody offer there. My vote's on there. And you voted for Moh, no, you voted for Joey? No, I voted for Mr. Egan. Oh, because I see there's three votes on there already and the pool is not yet. Let's go, Eric, let's get rid of the code. Another pool in noon that we're going to be building or in a show today. Another movie related pool. Oh, not movies together. Here's Hillary, the Hillary book. Oh, look at a thing. Sorry. Listen, I got a hurry because we're all the on Phil water clock. Because one to two, we got our summer time, one to two hours, which you didn't take full advantage of yesterday's month. Oh, right. I think that's a good idea. It's a good idea. Yeah, let me tell you from a selfish standpoint, not just cop it out on the last hour, but also since I'm not going to be doing Wednesdays to the end of August, when am I going to be able to play all this good stuff that I've been working feverously to put in my computer here, a strike. All this good, lost treasure. That's a two technical talk on the air, but there's lost booty. People have been commenting, as your microphoneer overhead hotter than normal today, because the echo is hotter than normal today. Who me? Yeah. We've tweaked everything on this end that we can. So that only leaves you. So what does that mean? How about you? You look better? Okay, a little bit better. There shouldn't be any echo. I don't know. Then the over here is just a little bit. Right. There you go. That's better. Is that a little bit? Yeah. Much thanks. Okay. Well, just one of them things. Okay. Here's the Hillary book. Well, I love people poke their head and they're like, Hey, is there an echo? Yeah, we hear it, but you know. Hey, get the hell out of our lives. Okay. Don't be poking it in our studio. Okay. And you're head either. Get out of our face. So either how when to talk about technical crap. I got a better studio here than you've got that you're sitting in right now down there. And that high paid radio station. You're a brave jealous. So page three, we're almost finished with page three of the Lincoln plus selling living history. Hillary Rodham Clinton. It's a long paragraph, too. When she graduated from high school, my mother made plans to go to college in California. But, she had a college in California, but Dela contacted her for the first time in 10 years and actually become delivered to her in Chicago. Dela had recently remarried in promise. My mother, the she and her new husband would pay for education there. When my mother arrived in Chicago, however, she found that Dela wanted her only as a housekeeper and that she would get no financial help for college. Heart six, she moved into a small apartment and found an office job paying $13 for half a five and a half a week. Once asked my mother, why she went back to Chicago, I'd hope so hard that my mother would love me that I had to take the chance and fight out she told me when she didn't. I had nowhere else to go. Oh, yes, I said. I didn't hear a word of it. Why not? I have been talking about it. I'm talking about it. I'm talking about it. Okay. But you're getting, you're missing a golden opportunity. You're saving like 30 bucks. And you don't have to go out there and end to the million books that she's already sold and got only knows why. Or what can I slow this thing reloading up? Is there all like you're checking a hot pot? Well, that's okay. That's good. That's a good sign. That affects Eric too. Like when it comes to putting up the poll and stuff. About your pardon? That affects that affects Eric too when he's putting up the poll. And I don't be making excuses for how otherwise I'll have to tell them the horrible things you said about it before the show this morning. I don't do that. God, don't be making excuses on the area. Even for all there was surprised me this morning. I know he was in a hurry. He had to go to the DMV or whatever. But, you know, come on. Get serious. The all the people in that building. That's one of the reasons this show is so highly listened to is because this is the one show. We don't want to don't pull any punches. Okay. We don't stick up for losers for assholes and stuff like that. We just tell them like it is. Except for Remer. We don't talk about him. There, how we don't? The only reason I don't talk about it is because it always encourages him to call me. In fact, I'll tell you next time I get a call from Remer or his wife. Vitching about what you said about the money. I'm going to give him your home number. How do you like that? Okay. No, they can call you and Vitch your answer. Fine. I don't answer that phone. Okay. Who is most jealous of and or upset with the arrogors? His more Howard David and three, chronic collar dentist too, there's only eight votes on there so far. And maybe because there have a difficult time getting on a damn thing like I'm, it's almost impossible. Everybody wants to see those big smiles on the faces of our contestants. Do you see Rush Limbaugh is going to be doing football now? No. Sad. Pathetic. See one of the things that they'll discover, I don't think it will take too long. The same thing happened with Dennis Miller, although Dennis Miller was just boring. I mean, terminally boring. But even more so would Limbaugh is that he's a big pop as right wing ass, alone. When you put somebody who's politically oriented on something that's supposed to be an entertainment thing, you're already alienating tons of people. So anyway, ESPN has hired Rush for an analyst job, a money net football on the sign. What is this? I don't know. I'm sorry. He missed out on the last year. The second paragraph's words. I put this as in a hero that's a piece of crap article, which you'd figure. Or it's by very jackass, no wonder. Looking to spice up a show that lost its marquee member Bill Parsella to the Dallas Cowboys, ESPN has hired Limbaugh as a weekly commentator on the Sunday NFL countdown pre-game show. This is not a publicity stunt Limbaugh who they've used to timber forts that on the conference call reporters. I'm doing it because I love football. I'm looking forward to it. Muddy net football was a genuine pursuit. Didn't work outside as going ESPN. And he'll actually ratings down on it the pre-game show because people who hate him like poison, which is a lot of people, most people would have brain. They're not going to watch it. They'll watch somebody else's pre-game show. How do you like that, eh? No way, hello, what's the guy? No, and I watch Fox. I watch Fox for sports, but not now. Now with that asshole on there, piece of crap. First of all, it's not on Fox's ESPN, which is ABC, but anyway. Here's citation, hello. Hi, Neil. I'm going to answer for your poll. Into questions? Yes. Okay. How about the Reverend Jones? How about him? Is this him? Chair Poll? Is this him? Oh, is this him? Oh, is this him? Okay. Does another comment? Okay. And I wanted to ask you what Randy wrote for the report? Randy wrote numbers were in what? On the news ratings, though, the other terms. I have no idea. First of all, the books haven't come out yet. And secondly, we never get to Palm Beach. I don't know if you're talking about it. If that were the name of this class. Like I, they put a tele-accurb, made a mock-a-muff and kick your head in the- Oh. Anyway, like I said, American history acts. But you actually, there was actually such a movie. Sure. I'd know it. Good movie. Oh, gripping. Chilling. I didn't see that I wanted to know about it. Twenty votes on a poll so far. They're all busy with the pictures. More Howard David at nine. Chronicle are Dennis for Miss Maddreds 3. Steve came to two-way Reynolds 1 and Phil Henry. Are you? Has only one. So far. And here's the poll we're going to be doing. Starting at noon. I have the feeling that, like, I'm on third base in the rest of the- some of the other participating members in a cast-like eric are like halfway down the first base line. That's okay. Is that a lot of stress, you know, what those pictures? Canadians vote Bush, least like president. I don't even like that. All right. You want to know? I don't like president. I don't like that. All right. US president George W. Bush has the most unpopular American president and recent member among Canadians, but more than 60% saying that they have an unfavorable opinion of McCormnoo and Newpool by ever-ever-whatever it is in varanix research group limited. Relations between Mr. Bush and Canadian Prime Minister Jean Quachine have been strained over the West and the scene to invade Iraq. But among other issues, most Canadians blame the American president for worsening climate, etc. So on. Let's see. Those surveyed 62% said they had an unfavorable opinion of Mr. Bush including 30 7% who said it was very unfavorable in 1991 about 2-thirds of Canadians said they had a favorable opinion of Mr. Bush's father George Bush or Herbert Walker, etc. and so on. How do you like that? Despite a rising tide of anti-Americanism around a world Canadian store main fund of their southern neighbor, although not him, duly so about 61% said they had a favorable view of this US, but that 42% said they were somewhat favorable in 19 only very favorable. That's a great number. Largely thanks to a W, pissing off the whole world. Here's the full we're going to be building and the audience can help us with. What is the most memorable movie scene of all time? We've never done this like here in T.A. Nope. And I'm way past the break. How do you like to get so far past the break? I got distracted. Rambling and rambling, I'm getting distracted. I just want to be in a rush where I'm like crazy because we got to get to the tournament and we're going to be in a rush. We're rushing for one baby. Who is most y'all a sub-anter of sex with Neil Rogers? More Howard David at 22? Absolutely. Mr.udge 10, chronic color Dennis H. Steve Keynes, six jewelry rettles for and Phil Henry's only got a pair. Okay. Let me tell you if you want a good pair, go to Brandy shoes. And Pompato Beach. And I think we got a new tag coming to him, but I don't have it. So in other words, I'm going to continue to one from last week just in case. Probably wrong. I just want to caution you on it. But talk to our friends at Brandy's and tell me if it's not right information. Trace the rapper is to blame for it. Anyway, Brandy's one thing you'll go right on is the brand names. Man, I got the top ones and I've got rock ports. Echoes, Mufisto, Timberland, Clark's S.A.S. floor shum. All the brands you know and your feet love. And they got the size you need. They got men size 65, 15 women's five to 12. And wits from the very narrow teeny tiny to the very big fat and wide. And with over 40,000 paragregs, Susan, gigantic 8,000 square foot mega store, you can bet fill hungry's life on it. That's exactly what you're looking for is in stock right now. Brandy's shoes are 12 90 or federal highway, Pumpkin of each open daily 9 to 9 Sunday, 10 to 5. And maybe or maybe not is a great time to buy S.A.S. shoes all this week at Brandy's. All men's and women's great styles. 20% off and more. Or maybe there's some other special deal going on because they have on every week. Come in or find out on their website at Brandy's shoes.com. We're supposed to be a 5-6-4. You a M. It's day four to Brandy's house. We're at 5-6-5. W-2-A. Let's start the market with me so and welcome other orange-watering. In time for Alapurking to get busy. Our innovation's out of time. Let's get the oil goods online. If you miss out to that world, that's a kid. If we're much of Ian's walking tall, like John Wayne with big balls. Get ready. One who's getting away. Don't give a crap. Who it is. We've got the fuck that oil right away. We've got the fuck that oil right away. We've got the boys group for business. Our mouth grew. The floor is number four. This is a global crossing to the floor. It's number four. It's number three. The floor is number three. We've got the best of these. Who's getting away. We've got the fuck that oil. We've got the fuck that oil right away. We've got the fuck that oil right away. We've got the fuck that oil right away. We've got the fuck that oil right away. We've got the fuck that oil right away. We've got the fuck that oil right away. We've got the fuck that oil right away. We've got the fuck that oil right away. We've got the fuck that oil right away. We've got the fuck that oil right away. We've got the fuck that oil right away. We've got the fuck that oil right away. We've got the份. That parasympathetic budding. That don't make sense, if all oaths are repeated. The choir is forever. Or is forever. It doesn't hurt. There's another hole there. 1037 at 560WQM so anyway, Mike Mayo for a party gift how about common sense this is a calling you wrote a couple of days ago on Monday's a matter of fact on Sunday did you see this no well on how long don't you read Michael Mayo com religiously no either do why in fact I just fell into this by answer because I got mentioned in it for a party give you something about what people give a party gifts when you walk away from your company where they get the after so many years at several times you know what's going to happen when I retire he says well here's some of the ones he gets for a heat center alons of morning who really is leaving a cure for governor jabbosh and a poem with a really bad doctor in a way for him to sue for radio hostie can sensitivity training for radio host neo Rogers all the fish food ice cream and to martens don't that's he can eat all for anchor man Rick Sanchez no way he's coming back it's a one a cute for a twin high-pinguishable to get to the marlins it's a so it's a nice for the match that Mike may who's obsessed with his show to buy a back in a fourth page is that's where you belong because your other columns really suck but you're good guy we like you will have your columns just suck it's really sad there's nothing to read the one the south of papers it's very tragic I know that's why I don't embarrassing anyway here's the pool there we're going to be working on uh... starting at noon will take this other one down in the moon but we can build this one in the middle of me by building build it up buttercup what is the most memorable movie scene of all time and I got a list of four that I started with Michael kill salotso and macloskey in a godfather if you're a was good though made by the gates raped it in deliverance i'd love to impression yeah they live in indelible mark on his life frogs brought from the sky in magnoia and a character's all saying wise up in magnoia which is i mean at that scene i mean let's say saw the movie of course uh... right isn't that great that i have all this stuff like in my fingertips now it's beautiful like a video show but i'm made of this for characters that's with an s but i'm sure that airical for a close take because he's perfect perfect idiot i know you don't like the movie that must be at least you like any man i do but it's two scenes from a magnum what is the money and i understand this is a little bit difficult but uh... think about it no it's difficult to choose only one because i don't know i don't want to attend best seen i know eighty best movie that's not we've done all those uh... what is the most memorable movie scene of all time that really sticks in your mind uh... i got to let me pick just one pick one schmock don't be saying a bad example for the audience is if they need your direction i'd be corny but i think it's very memorable and i think you know get a case Darth Vader cutting lukes and off the empire strikes back Darth Vader cuts lukes and off but this is going to take time as good but it's a good deal well it's a summer time you know i spent me like the city of pretend to be show from the umpires for a strike back yet can't say empire because it's a vinazist for station the umpires strike back only a joke or it don't be put no umpire on their he's liable to do anything after look whatever around the m-umpires strikes out so that's our list we got so far five six seven oh five sixty what's beaver boy guy you got a suggestion uh... no i chose pretty good one uh... more you know try to make the glissier our website you try to let i see the thing is slow and airdain mind working like light and everything is great he's emiling these two uh... to eric so uh... you know just bear with us isn't that a shame that the uh... equipment qm again is on the really slow and screw upside equipment he's not their fault it could be not who's fault qm's fault i even started a way with us now now it's so freaking boring ten forty one a qm i can this is for twenty-one two way just tell me just tell me what your problem there's a new prescription drug whose name says it all night effect finally a prescription medicine that always gives you more than you'd expect side of that isn't a time you experienced side effects may cause loss of blood loss of hearing loss of virginity vertical impate go impadence and prison and shrinkage of the genitals enlargement of the genitals softening of the brain softening of the stool loostools barstools toes to a huge prehistoric bats whipping out of the sky and eating your dog alatosis highly buried very very very very manalowe recal bleeding rectal numbness none of the chest pains hunger pains dry mouth cotton mouth large mouth small mouth health mouth or death side effects is perfect for everyone not intended for women who are pregnant women who are men men were pregnant children with dogs children with dogs who are pregnant the elderly the young to the cast he parry catfills devil's were pregnant and pregnant pauses in disflames like the ask your doctor of pharmacist about side effects and find out if it's responsible for the mysterious postulate growth under your laptop hit doctor 1046 at five sixty w qm look who's in last place on our poll so far i am that hemorrhate joy i thought he'd done burden ninety so he had five votes out of one twenty nine who is most yall solve and or obsessed with new Rogers more how he debuted fifty nine i want to give you a kiss absolutely a chronic color dentist twenty four misdraged metredge twenty for her steve came fourteen fill and resubven and joy riddles only has five second wind in last place just like when it was in uh one of the book would come up what is the most memorable movie scene of all time or ask your name Michael Kelsolotsomaklaski in a godfather nitpiddy gets raped in deliverance frogs from a problem of rough and the sky magnota characters all sing wise up a magnota that scene to me i mean i thought about a hundred times i do it and earthfader cuts lukes hand off in the amperes tracks back here's a call from palpino hello morning yeah sir uh neil i was i love your hot couple contest yes and i was with me today i obviously go and over the uh prizes that you give away some occurred to me yes how many times has remorse through submitted a photo of him and his wife for that free uh dinner at at at at see what what he wanted to do is say i've heard of him and i'll be to play that but the answer is no no uh no why was time in jico i said the uh the early uh poll oh that's a good idea time jico would be good yeah i couldn't get in early enough now we can stick it on there alright thanks Neil have a great day pali i want to get jico on there i do hear an echo i think it's on your end obviously i'm saying here it is turned everything down to a zero over here it's a year overhead is up hot we think no no it's not all right my overhead is that but all i can turn it down is that better yeah does that make your life a little bit better because it's always always in the same place so it's something on your end is there any question about it? absolutely not anyway i don't care i can stick it wherever it had you want you know what i mean i mean 38 votes mohara david at 65 i've had you mohday a hate you man and those those handful of people won i heard that why come in here at 75th in this morning like a do every day to just to turn this stuff on before i go shave and shower and whatever else begins with that state said you might pre-estate and and what are they talking about it's one and he's got one on i mean for an internal period of time and once time about how i'm guilty filled in for hankiest today that all the people were calling in as going on about oh Steve it's so great hearing you but out that old man in the morning really drags you down on the other show and you're doing so great and yada yada and then moh goes into this long drawn out thing about well you know go to the and i were here to cover each other's back and i could say i watch out for him and he watches out for me and if i didn't want him on the show he wouldn't be there in the first place which i thought that last line that spoke volumes you know if he didn't want him on a show he wouldn't be there what does that mean it means that the leaver suck his ass that's all that that's exactly what that means if you don't suck his ass and it's a muskrat year off that show just as the beast and Carolyn and the host of others love it and that's exactly what zex doors that them inflatable uh thing that's why he looks so fat he only weighs about 130 sack but since mocha in the building he wears that big gigantic inflatable bull prove vest like your back is that anyway now how'd you get me started on moh again oh it was easy mad dog two to four this afternoon the humper is back for a brief appearance in fact hank is on four to seven today tomorrow and thursday three days in rosemary heavy duty to court allow i notice on a Friday we got any cave back in the afternoon again so hank is like anybody with brain taken most of the summer off nice go on for uh and we got the big oh at the seven o'clock tonight but only for an hour thank goodness because then we got the all star game from cellular field in chicago any cave follows the all-scar game from about mid night till two a m and enjoy mark overnight two to five a m a farmer by the crusty old man absolutely and by the way crusty old man it's those what off my ass or in my ass or up your ass one way or the other whether you're going to be with a qm for a long time or short time we don't care but we have our leader now that we have a good lead in and a good friend and a nice separation there for the two hours we already give a crap i could care less because i'm not obsessed with you like your obsessed with me believe me when i tell you but anyway he won't believe because he thinks the whole world of full crap like he is most about seventy one folks nobody's been a toucher man who to hell would especially pick an all-end dingo buries hundred and fifty two votes whose most jellis of it or obsessed with the roger's more how he did at seventy one chronic heart dentist twenty six mismatch drugs twenty five she's obsessed Steve came sixteen uh fill Henry eight enjoy Reynolds only got success probably because most people believe remember who that one is you know that was a long time long ago in far away thank goodness here's for lottery hello hey i do a no pretty good sir listen uh i could switch out the poll will make stop though um seems to me that your obsessed with great people like judge and uh limbo who are naturally syndicated you remember that's all you know okay thank you very much there's a little bit of a syndicated and like you're scintillating you fact bastard well thank god Rush limbo ain't fat man i got news for i might do not win a dollar contest but the beauty contest is grotesque as i am man he makes me look like grand pit five six seven five six these you know this this is it again what is this man doing listening to this show what is he listening here he's obsessed with me just like the the poll today maybe you ought to put you under two asshole what are there's this guy got a name oh shmuck tragic five six seven oh five and we're not getting too many uh Randy's for a good the second poll got some classes about that coming but have a good time okay whatever here's Miami hello Miami yeah sir i got two scenes for you how about one uh god father horses headed well fit excellent one good choice all right have a good day you two thank you palmy horses head in bed with jack horses head in bed with jack that would cost my head like a lot of others but i'll let from the god father okay let's take a little time to write these down and I do have to write them down because this is like for later on right and i can't trust you guys to be writing about what will do you got you got all your issues there now okay i don't even buy that we have our issues over here well what does that mean everything is so well i can write about it's just getting them to air well that's another story okay how's the hot couple contest going so far looks like we're see the one thing about this not only we have more contestants than we ever had before by far we got a team contestants but also i think we got generally speaking a pretty good bunch i'm not saying that everybody under is like beautiful but you know what i mean it's a nice group is it's a good group and there's nobody that stands way way out about like that first one with Aaron and Amy i'm in kai right exactly that's what i'm thinking magie and tom seventy six votes standing way here the pack Aaron and Brandon got sixty six did i say way ahead of the pack the only like 10 votes up stop and we got a we got a horse race going on like i said then it's way back Alexa and man you got nineteen there and third right now we'll see them at the pizza loft looks like but maybe rich and sure about fifteen is they keep trying and more power to him Natalie and eight we got nine uh brecht and then yellow got seven i knew they'd move up a little bit nothing wrong with them britney and Greg and got six did why have to go down all 18 every time no no everybody else is like so far small potatoes we got a whole week to go next two tomorrow and get 10 will announce the winner like i said next Thursday we from this Thursday the 24th the ratings i just have a little show yesterday as trans but the spring book i'm sorry then we'll see and especially a few days after that when those hour by hour like you said when that comes to be comfortable then we'll see exactly who's doing what to whom that'll be the day that will be the day in fact buddy how he's going to make a comeback to sing special live i'm a show just today those uh numbers come out hour by hour he'll draw them we'll see more who's doing it who's not holding up their weight of salute you silly old koup here's north mighty beach hello well yes sir oh one of the teams ever yes the one that we can be seeing with a yeah photo humaner fighting in the guy's road the uh bone up in the air and it turns into the spaceship going to move to the cockpit what will be is this okay thanks pal and caveman throwing bone up caveman throw up yeah i'm gonna live a bit of a boner boy right these down okay caveman gets his boner yeah whatever you want from a space out of sea with a great dialogue oh we got some bad news here NFL innovator Hank shran dies at 83 oh no i mean dice a Hank shran i think a Hank shran text shran the showboding innovator how build the Dallas Cowboys into America's team and was instrumental manifel's evolution in popularity died today he was 83 died his son-in-law Greg court told the AP that the former Cowboys president general manager died at his Dallas home the cause of death was not immediately on well he was 83 you know i did everybody can look to the 90 all of that is pretty old 90 in order to say my pretty old what and no two thing 90's pretty old ancient i'd take it right now let's see here's what it says i was a tough call but i had a two that lines come back miss five i know she doesn't miss a minute and is constantly squeezing and touching herself every time make a reference to her on this by jimit's five scorch court she should be delighted to talk about hopes is what about all the hoaxes i see in the people's next to magazines in newspapers showing miss budget a club restaurant with a hot female date yeah right only the more on who's small everything the right wing tough show host believe that your straight mad it says stop worrying about what neal says in whispering in feels here keep your mouth busy by sucking oh i say i said it said something there about black i can't see that on the you're okay any that can you you need the job i'd let's see for the first pool the guy in line nine retired oh that guy well i know he doesn't mirror he's too Johnny come late for that pool that's probably a body for himself yeah it could be retired i don't think so for the second pool either how being dismantled in 2001 space audacity or we already got a space audacity once the let's do this on we already got michael shooting uh we got the we got that when Taylor first speaks in the original planet of the ifs after being chased around the city by the guerrillas you got that sorry run one way i didn't know i had two but drops what i called it what are you doing there wait a minute i got that in here somewhere now we're going to start playing music for movies folks i'm not a nerd oh i tried to think of a scene from recording for dream that would fit this pool i can't i can't think of one the end the ending montage collide no no that's not a scene oh i'm serious i'll say it about alien in alien or the thing alien in the back somebody back that or like it okay well see we'll have a whole bunch on it there's a lot of really good ones but keep in mind to purpose i mean which is the one scene that really just blows you away and you can't get out of your mind not just that what was when i was really good or was you had you know i had a lot of impact that's not the point i'm assuming that anybody who would vote on this pool seen a few movies near time at least five or ten and something and you know covers a lot of territory there's got to be one in kukus nest and i had our have to choose from two the one where he's choking your serence i love that one i just i get goose bumps when i see that yeah and also the one where he's sitting down there i'm waiting for his uh his shock treatment i'm being lost to him and he's sitting outside the room there with the chief uh can the chief lucid him and has the pack come why chief you slice some of a bitch and that's a such a great scene don't you agree juicy fruit i love it there's lots of good scenes from that i thought i had that drop in here but i can't find it out to get your hands off me you damn dirty eight you talk about to be to boy again was that duck came back in ten fifty eight at five sixty w q a m hey let me tell you the twenty first that's next Monday the beast is going back and balance for la corona save his life whether once it or not what is on vacation this week that's the obvious reason why he's waiting a week so hello obviously have a big handy crapped over company can do it you all sixty poms the first time so what do you got ten or thirty or fifty or a hundred or more pons to lose balance for like could be the secret that you've been looking for for a long time because i know what it's like believe you may i've tried them all the grapefruit diet the stillman diet the adkins that and if not the other ones have helped you lose the way to keep it off balance for like my pd answer for you because it's simple it's easy nothing complicated nothing to figure out nothing to buy no cooking no shopping no cleaning no worries just great results they deliver right to your door by six a.m. three or maybe it was in two delicious snacks in your little black sack and believe you may it'll be plenty to keep you full all day long and a food is delicious you get to choose two alternatives for each meal every day that's run a program that's in your little menu to fill out once a week and those are the choices that you have to make and like i said you'll be twenty full because there's lots of good filling food and all those containers every single day nothing to be fat no chemicals no crap just great delicious food so if you're trying to be an overweight out of shape the thargic diabetic around a verge of it let balance for like you the answer you've been searching for for a long time calm today at nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine that's nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or check them out on the web and balance for life dot com my local and you're sports radio five six six two a.m. that's it god what's the problem officer the boy from the vehicle if you're a pod driving without a seat belt you will be removed from your car and shot the police now have the authority to enforce seat belt safety under the new patriotic do the new laws in effect now so click it or be shot officers don't like doing this they are only following orders it's for your own protection in the never ending fight against terrorism terrorist acts such as mouth noise perpins and finding good the annoying to others so under patriotic to eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants anyone eating outside the designated eating area will also be shot it's the law we like saying that the law the law the law the law the law the law absolutely not an old four five six the WQM happy Tuesday two so anyone yes tages taking tasha be you damn thirty eight is right in the dollar and on those guys again you want no more let's keep when the shark goes over the top of the back of the boat in jaws are still replay that my head today is a shark how do we put that on there when the shark goes over the top of the back of the boat in jaws from jaws when you put it on a habit of you want to now you can try a lot of things I'm too old to be right all of this crap down okay liberty you young whipper snappers okay I'm too old on the old man I'm not with the old man whipper please I used to be the old man how come moe because he's got his diabetes how come he's got to go for like some special blood test all he's really doing is making up a story so we're getting stiff scott on his golf sermon just like he stiff galley on his golf tournament just amazing the crap that this guy pulls at least one thing we discovered about for well he's not gonna cover up with a crap that moe is pulling you don't say if moe is pulling it we're gonna hear about it like Dingleberry's out of his back home but Robert De Nero is Travis Bickle with his you talking to me monologue in the mirror and the taxi driver yeah put some stars around that do you talking to me I don't see anybody else here we got that on there we got it say a slim thickens is major calm writing the age bummed out of what started in Dr. Strangelove one of the bits you played this morning use the audio from that scene he haul it says what bit did I play that went he hauled huh but anyway guess it did so there we go we got a gigantic list building here for our second poll that'll go up on our website at noon what is the most memorable movie scene of all time I think that's an excellent poll if he asked me with that I'm pretty juiced and the first poll we got going on there right now with your better vote real fast move quickly like Mr. Ego used to say if you would remember those days oh yeah he'd have one call on the board and all the other lines have been open and of course Mr. I'm gonna psych out the audience Mr. Psychoamalization if you move quickly you can get it right now as opposed to like me just being honest say hey we're dying over here but I know call spokes you know which I've been doing from a sturdy years oh he's been a really um 222 votes I like them remember that show room 222 with Karen Valentine no but no Ryan does it was Katherine Ross and it oh come on room 222 sorry that was not many years ago who is the most jealous of and or obsessed with Neil Rogers Ross and then now we got 227 Mohour David at 150 these got more than 50% of your votes 50 points is per cent absolutely wow he I'll tell you one thing about him when we take a poll with him it gets a response now guarantee he's here in it and squeeze his bag right now I'm listening I'm sure chronic color Dennis 43 can be sure he's listening sick sicko without a life mismatch drugs 28 come on Matt oh yeah what did the guy say about him and rush about their famous since it's indicated and simple lady's indicated actually authenticated oh yeah he's a he's a broadcaster misfudge like my little dog was a brain surgeon who'd know you can Steve came 22 Phil Henry 10 are you sure enjoy Reynolds still suck and went down there last with eight I guess you just didn't leave the impact except for the guy with the eyes and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the whatever that guy was used to call it a phony a speech impediment oh those that that was the beginning of the end that's what yeah how have we survived this long following joy Reynolds and flipping his act and I would be that was the beginning of the end of I would be that was the that was the straw that broke the camel's bag which time they fired him twice oh the time they brought him back to remember boy Gary comes into me and says how much how bad you hate you a Reynolds and I said what was that supposed me well he'd like I'd like to bring him back on a weekend I said I don't hate anybody do whatever you want I don't get me involved in it man if I if they just leave me to hell out of it just like with a mole okay oh near Rogers is the the the pipe smoker he's very upset the gizgasler because I said to my first off the extended your contract number one I would you don't care but number two the circumstances of an argument to come out believe you me Thursday for alumni are going to discuss that at length and number three how come if it's such a big deal and you're such a big maker in a market and maker and shaker and mover how come it's not in very jackasses column yet how come you have a sarnie has written about it yeah wouldn't you think that somebody will put that in the newspaper must of course wear embarrassed about it and the circumstances around it wouldn't you think how you like Greg hasn't made the call ha ha ha ha oh I got a great line for that but I won't see it speaking of a strange people being on here talk to host your a springer files for send race do you see this yes I had isn't that sand or whatever put me in whatever well he he was started out in politics didn't I know that yeah he was the mayor since they were here something like this he was paying the poor with a check that's from recently filed papers yesterday to run for the u.s. senator from Ohio like I said I'm all for Jerry Jerry Jerry I'm all for them the senator perceived the standard of candidacy and organization for the Jerry Square for u.s. and committee yesterday afternoon according to a spokesman at the clerk's office documents were sent by a certified mail last week the former mayor since the day will make a final decision whether to run for the Democratic nomination by the end of the month state senator Eric finger hut has already announced his candidacy for the parties not in the right to challenge first term senator George Voynivitch who served as governor of Ohio from 91 and I'm not yet Jerry springer's one and baby which of course if that's the case that's going to be the end of his TV show you understand that yeah but does there's more money in politics right and just coincidentally crack down on nudity in day tour club's plan you see this story no couple of days ago and I just figured that you know it's worth mentioning because is everybody knows with a kind of repressive society America has become that's the American way armed with a recent federal judges ordered a ton of beach officials plan to place crack down on nudity in adult like clubs as a matter of fact speaking of repression at the same time that we got like game marriages here in Canada then we also have the criminal's ace to marijuana in the wind so to speak in smell it and also there are organizing now there they're assigning various places where they can grow medical marijuana legally and at the same time that's going on bushes now say in south of the border he's saying that any doctors who write prescriptions for medical marijuana will have their licenses revoke these he's introducing legislation to get back past so you see the a contrast you said the difference between the societies were talking about his enlightenment and the stone age in a ruling last year's the u.s. district judge john and tune refused to request by a lollipops gentleman club in Daytona to stop enforcement of two nudity ordinances one that bands nudity in businesses that sell booze and another that prohibits public nudity this is one more battle one on the way to cleaning up the sleeves in our city said commissioner fairly new and i wonder she's talking about the sleeves on your knees the city and up in enforcing the ordinance while the judges opinion was pending air in center for a lot of the electronic representative while he pops at a risk of being costly to the city because officials from the club could still seek a permanent injunction or go to trial if they begin enforcement and we were victorious as we intend to be said they're going to owe a lot of my end damages from people to feel their constitutional rights were violated both sides are looking forward to ruling another case challenge in the ordinance brought by two other clubs malleys brown two and the pink pony or chowning the city's adults owning rules and federal court and those cases expected to go trial and two next year so the same crap goes on got shut down those teddy bars and God forbid we should have nudity or places where adult entertainer goes on stuff like that for adults because we have to treat the public like a bunch of children and sexes evil and nudity is bad and the body is filthy and disgusting and said are so on also and you got it down and rush will be on it no for that guy who is getting all whipped up in war frenzy from it's past eleven at five sixty on our pressure packed Tuesday here maybe can you feel I can smell it how low can those interest rates go up it's probably wondering that only moments ago or not you now the financial group does the limbo rock under the lowest refinance you rate how does one point ninety five percent some pretty amazing and it's true now you can be finance your homer by a new homer gets you super low one point ninety five percent financing with our friends at financial group column two three one eight hundred nine for all end that's one eight hundred nine for all alien d if you even think about refinancing a buying real state you ought to be talking these folks right now financial group one eight hundred nine for all end talk about savings if you're if you have a hundred thousand alone your payments are only 1568 but some other way to hundred thousand alone your pay only 736 months so often as you group today one eight hundred nine for all end it gets yourself the low amazing rate that you've been looking for for a long time one point ninety five percent interest rates are all time low so don't wait call now and get that rate one point nine five percent from financial group one eight hundred nine four all the end that's one eight hundred nine for all end there in equal housing lender credit restrictions apply rate some of the change monthly five point one nine APR five and low this is for three of five sixty six you can't go back to yourself and you grew up with them both and now and lower records proudly presents the greatest hits of Simon and who we call when you can't for this day enough attention to his own he will tell you yes Simon and going home who we call it live in central park and frostbite halls the music of all Simon the lyrics of Mr. Noah Hall finds the new days bring your stage in the ringer the more they say you know you know you know Simon and who we call greatest hits I am a mouse yes it is for but it's not art and rock still the thing because we see the five and all we call greatest hits of animal that Mr. Bebody's record it's absolutely eleven seventeen and five sixty wc and see those just one of the isillians have lost her bits that I found on that best of no was uh and I just had the best I've been digging through eight million of this here I think I'm just taking a couple of this I've got like 350 bits in here Mr. most of which we haven't played in a cool stage like that once the last time you played that how many years ago I think that it's the psychic powers of the audience they're trying to give me to play all this stuff here's one that says from Lisa and Miami how about and how could I forgotten this myself being such a big fan of the movie network uh Howard Beale right I'm a man of all but I just think this is what I know how do we put that down me up at no no because that he that goes on several times during the movie Howard Beale's rant from that word okay great good all like like I said but that's good enough because otherwise we'll you're complicated Trish says most memorable scene that movie sounds to the lens he's asked you to rub lotion on her body and then to put the lotion in the basket how it's the lotion in the basket she tries to talk to him but he screams I'd order to put the effing lotion in the basket great scene there you go I guess I locked out again that's good I think we've opened up a real pando as box here you know I'll speak of that jack says how about sure and stones beaver shot and base against it got that down hola yes you got that down yeah we were switching seats back you were switching seats back Carlos already go downstairs to get the card from his bail bonds to get what my bail bonds is card the ice pick under the bed at the end then when we was memorable to it says but I think one is good enough a basic instant got it sure stones a cracked shot right I don't want to put like beaver on here because got only knows mold good upset who is the most jealous of and or upset with the arrages that's pull number one it'll be on another 40 minutes to 160 votes like I said to 160 three votes more Howard did it wins hands down so far 130 almost 50 percent chronic card Dennis derontia Dennis they know you're nuts 49 miss max rod she's got 36 she's listed right now state came 27 fill Henry is got 11 okay and two or middle still can get out of last place he's still stuck in her what would nine did you see all I probably should ask because you're having you still having problems with your future uh it's coming back it's a look warm it's Luke Skywalker warm well anyway we got a good battle going on here we got 18 couples on our fourth and final how couples contest Maggie and Tom no doubt assisted by that one lovely breast that we see in her blonde hair but none nonetheless we got 90 votes for Maggie and Tom but given him a really good race and deservedly so Aaron and Brandon with 82 how do you like that a good house race election in May 2025 written share also think see last contest I mean it was good we had some good people on there but Frank and Liz won by such I mean right from the get code it were like a thousand votes ahead the first five minutes you know right uh rich in share all of doing better this time into the first go round they got 16 Natalie and Adam about nine uh Brittany and Gregor got nine and they're brecht and Danielle got eight and everybody else at that last time it would just take too long to do them all every time in addition was if it's Pandora's really boring you know I mean you're boring anyway here here's a fact like talking about that DSL provider whatever we were talking about oh Neil and George I would have to say the most memorable scene not the best for now what what does that mean the most memorable but not the best let me think about that for two or three seconds times up for most people over 40 but not yet that would be the transition scene from black and white to color and the Wizard of Oz that's the most memorable scene okay no one of this is on sign also it says I saw Clever movie which I never heard of called go and I was wondering if you ever seen or heard of it in the answer is no no to go no have you ever heard of go I saw it it was just fine it was clear and it was cute and it was fine it was Mo and go about ZO though I watched you've given two to me in the last couple of weeks that I'm really never going to forgive either when you're for the first one was a beautiful mind which which seriously I'm not still one I still have to slap myself silly just to get out of bed in the morning I'm so I'm so sorry I'm so fond of this now talk other people they agree with me it is so boring talk to other sick offense that'll agree with any sick you got the sick part right and the other one I tried to watch and was usual suspects and as much as I love Kevin Spacey my god that thing was going nowhere I watched 40 minutes of that that was the end of that I was I didn't like to be getting either that was very slow and then it gets interesting I wasn't like getting it for you yeah it gets really good at the end but I'm sorry I don't have the patience I got plenty of time but I just don't have the patience the watch things that are that boring that I'm practically falling asleep waiting and waiting for something to finally have that's my idea of a good movie I didn't recommend that until you I didn't think that you would like that one I thought it was just fine but that wasn't one I was pushing you thought it was one just fine just fine right but I thought it was just weak just lean very long but you know it was okay I'll I'll let you see now I I'll watch it in segments I watched the 40 minutes I can watch the rest of it at some future date should that look beautiful mind like soon because that one was a fun thing like a soon doesn't matter don't watch it oh my god yeah don't watch it we don't care don't it don't get great movie that's okay it's a good movie you'll never be a good movie I think about the ending of a month oh so I'm out of a magnet so what what did you just say right well what is what tell us they're to say yeah anybody that would not that for anything with your own it's crazy about it as you are why are you part every time you put it on polls it does very weak magnet yeah you know I don't care you know more people they make dolls than with Chris to but I'll take Ruth Chris thank you I'm sure that more people start Indiana Jones and the whatever the hell out of crap is then saw Magnolia that doesn't impress me that don't impress me my time at the point I see okay five six seven oh five sixty five not five sixty on it in other words in case you haven't already caught my drift after all these years I don't give a crap what everybody else likes or what they think I don't care no I'm hit it's like if everybody loves vanilla ice cream great I hope they enjoy it I'll stick with my anesthetics turtle thank you and at the oh that prior score but it's got a lot of trans fatty acids in it's bad for you that'll stop me for me to want to go here's our color range oh yeah sir did you see I'm here Alex to know I don't see him up here thank God no I don't I'm relieved I don't have to see him well I somebody told me that I is here and it looks silly and help he's got to do yeah I swear if you are going to the spick Miami hell the nice big glove shot of him anyway who's most obsessed by you yes I think it's been her boy I mean this guy has to know where you are 24 seven basically he doesn't you have it among the bullets he will have it okay it's a great day paliana thanks I've he's the least of says he's just obedient well sometimes five six seven oh five sixty pound for ages they've got a problem life okay he's got the bail bonds McDonald's there's waiting to you know Paul is asking Scott the a car repair guy the car the car rental guy got the I like about twenty people waiting downstairs for him when he gets off the air we get to it as big performance hundred thirty nine people oh say more Howard David baby he is a win a hands down your pants hands down the back of his back though mingleberry pants yeah I the more I think about that and and I've had verification from several people about that that's not something that Scott made up the idea of sticking your your hand in your ass in front of other people is so grotesque I mean of all the things that I've heard about him I mean it's so far transcends all of the others you know yeah maybe he's got bad roiids maybe he's trying to let shove him back in there maybe he's got like great huh maybe he has great hangin from the old tube the grapes have asked they're the grapes of ass you got it 139 votes for mole who is most jealous of and or obsessed with the arraggies chronicle our dentist 53 misdraggies got 38 she's flaming Steve came 29 feel hundred twelve and Joe Reynolds is making a little bit of a wolf joys got ten joys hanging ten oh god and if they only knew see obsessed with need me to word for that I have my nose up nails ask I'll be a better way to describe it yeah I mean it his entire life revolved around everything but I did who I liked who I didn't like who I promoted I mean just a wild man a lunatic don't miss him pad 27 past eleven at five sixty w if you're on the acens or any other low carb sugar free died you probably go to your supermarket you get very fresh and because you go up and down the house with a tiska to task and you big shopping basket and you can't find a thing you can eat maybe if you're lucky they got one little section where they got some low car blowers sugar free store and that's it that's why you love shopping at Delights OS book of because the entire store is dedicated to you with over 900 low carb sugar free products and they always have new ones come in try the new low carvinson cup of soup you just add water and microwave a low car meal and a cup with four delicious flavors tech out the simply delicious low car muffins for quick breakfast your individual sized cheesecake they've got almond stat cakes in blondie six different flavors at last talk of crisp and chop a mint bars with no malt at all to begin to be satisfied with something sweet and delicious without having a run to the can carbill right ready drink chocolate vanilla shakes a low car meal in a can junies low car painted brittle with unbelievably great taste be sure in the pick up some of the low carb hot cocoa apple cider blondies and brownies in a great selection of low carb pasta sauces dressing chips chocolates and the real famous carbo at ice cream two you can sample them all before your vomit to let's avoid book and don't forget all atkins brand products on sale all day every day they're open every day from ten to ten you'll find the lights on the northeast corner of glades and four forty one right next door to Boston market not too far from most joint column toll free in one eight seven seven low carb or shop them on the way to low carb.com the lights are west book a make no mistake is your official atkins retail centers my life and more this is for three of my sixies gaso melling mint introduces the definitive collection of the annual retention our copies are the species series yes we are pleased to pass on to you the most exotic animal droppings collection of the residents our annual due to replicas are harm craft of the finest cuter order today and your first school will arrive in two weeks classic pouches real you can almost smell the marb attention to the tale and we it means that the enormity of the elephant and the cuteness of the body bullet ordered a day and you'll receive our special bird since see what it looks like before it hits your winch this be a part of this powerful move there's no time to waste call now the feces of the species collection is going fast a three or five sixty never to come now look at the way to find his drop off just like happened to you yesterday because there's nobody in town we get a lot more calls if we were talking about but we're not right around this time to yeah right around the same time we could like kind of where you ran out of steam that's what we need talk about that all star game what he said okay here's one from Eddie a fact that says best scene Johnny that getting sucked in and spit out by the water bit in nightmare an elm street i would agree with that i can imagine ever forgetting that scene it let's us an indelible imprint on my mind you know the one we're talking about sure of course if i that was the first movie ever saw him and i may be the first movie was ever in i think so the lovely Johnny that forever when he hit the ceiling let's see here now we got that we got a down guy i'm just i'm just reading these and i'm assuming that somebody over there in our vast staff see you know that's another thing almost stuff that i'm putting in the dc s if we had a staff if we had any assistance besides me in George mocha the time and Shannon who George had crawling around on all fours on the floor all the time they were doing anything except crawling the floor she put in like a thousand bits and all that in here and something that something around would bits that's what she has he worked yeah i hope that other internet really like five since we've been here and they the point i'm saying is if we ever really had a staff we get out like fifty thousand more bits in here and the show could have been so much better over these last five and a few years but no everything is like do it yourself a qa but the check did clear thank you and did finally show up here's the fact that says the great thing about you will be posted the most memorable movie scene can be memorable because it makes you laugh or cried the lights you were gives you nightmares makes you horny or puk of every meal you've had since your mother's milk etc how about this forced Russian will let in the viet cons hooch the deer hunter okay got it got it you're not for the female and put my colleague Kathy says in the adjoins shoots cemetery swinging assassin and ridders of lost dark got it got it okay it's good on i'll look at this this is bad news why do you keep sending this bad news from a tallyo blade vis your charge over fog like woman casino all right vis your cemetery courier tallyo who oversees eight states and on terio for the anti-occanorth orthodox christian church was arrested at a Michigan casino for allegedly following a woman official said that this is on julya the buttock for less the fifty four year old vis your one of five in the anti-occanorth of church arts uh christian arts times he's a north america was highly intoxicated when the internet when he grabbed the breast of a woman was seated nearby slot machine and the turtle quick casino near traverse city said trooper Paul cushioner the resting officer the bishop was not wearing ferical garb of told trooper cushioner he was an orthodox bishop he used some non-bishop hard language a lot of profanity trooper cushioner said what's that that would got which one oh you know the turf father is it father Tourette's that's one is that the name of it i think so oh that's that's gotta be you for this story this fall on cbs me to small town priest who speaks the word of god and adds a few choice words of his own it's father Tourette's mysteries yeah we're glad we're gathered here today and joined together is in the second minute of second month in holy matrimonies father Tourette mysteries a new kind of family drama from the producers of Chicago hopeless and NYPD Blue Ball is what all you have for bad monger you can foster some days this fall spending hour with father Tourette quite after an all-new season of touchdown there by an angel only on cbs okay here's uh the rest of that story bishop to meet you was released on twenty five thousand out of bottom of the grand traverse county correctional facility was charged with criminal sexual conduct of fourth or e-fellany if convicted he faces up to two years in jail five hundred five hundred and twenty five hundred bucks and Chris says last night now this is just amazing it says play p has do see twenty eight days later direct about the guy from train spotting well i would want to see the guy who directed train spotting i want to see this twenty eight days later shall agree if shall agree was good you're right say it's very good you don't want to see twenty eight days later you wouldn't like it based on one based on it was weak it was slow in the parts that were exciting wouldn't interest you at all okay like i said okay getting back to a Chris he says last night feel happy when i'm for thirty minutes about what a great political talk show host rush limb by is oh are you sure feel thought that by having rush doing football will take away from his radio show and filled in a monocity that happened then fill one out about how the invasion was just a body of the president doesn't stop in a rock oh i'm sorry to like for around that way guy is that not to make a puker one uh i got to talk about a man who has not to sold out a whatever whatever whatever is beyond sold out that's when he nets the level that he's achieved now sold his soul ah to the devil for about fifty cents let's see i think the god of the fake voice the monkey doff the irritant clock is most of assessed oh he means sky is that what this fact means i guess that's where the arrow he's obsessed with me at all he likes to show but he's not obsessed there's evidence between life and a show being obsessed believe me he's not obsessed it says my most normal scene was in a pocket of snow and curled kill wars to the unforgettable line i love the smell of napal in the morning that's the one scene you should see is the rubber to ball the whole of that little piece with him in it yeah i got it down there at home but i can you know like another one of those have watched uh eight eight eight uh no different times watch a little bit try to get into it to skewed up to that scene watch the whole uh hold top to attack and uh and everything like that all the way through and then burn the rest of it yeah yeah okay five six seven five six the pound five six the on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line what is the most memorable movie scene of all time asking and we have you know some pretty good ones i ought to be like about a thousand more when you think ought to be you would think so that's pull number two it starts at noon on a website and right now we have 120 six votes on the first one who is most jealous of and or obsessed with Neil Rogers mole Howard David 159 absolutely class our chronic class of color Dennis 62 he is a classic chronic and an asshole miss mad druggie's got 44 speed came 31 fill 117 in your Reynolds 12 oh fill Henry's second rush limba asked that that is so nauseating man Jesus i hope he gains on hope he chose undingled buries that and it's just nauseating can you believe that i don't want to think about it i got the waste best about how doing a football is gonna take away from his radio and he hopes that it doesn't happen uh uh uh of course guess who's on KFI i give up let me give you a clue oh in our hurricane seasons here before storm hits you put up shutters to protect the windows and doors of your home but out the roof of your house a the so may paint factory makes roof mastick a great roof coating that can help you hurricane proof your roof so may as roof mastick saved hundreds and hundreds of roof during hurricane Andrew while unprotected roofs were peeling off and flying down the old Hershey highway so may also as waterproof coating for every kind of roof ever invented call the so may paint factory at 305 633 6333 so may paint factories the oldest quality paint waterproof coating manufacturer in the entire state so may will save you might be because they eliminate the middleman markups they sell the everybody meaning you at wholesale prices that are 60% lower than what you pay for the same national brands in your expensive retail store so protect your home and property from southward is top tropical climate with the very best paints and waterproof coatings available anywhere is at the best prices too called the so may so anyway paint factory at 305 633 6333 3 or find them on a web at somay.com and we said again at SOMA why you saved ton of cash when you buy direct from the so may paint factory be sure and come an ancient meal total to call 305 633 6333 14th of spade a buy by by did you talk about Brittany and Justin that crappy story about how she admits now that she did it we mentioned it and she claims that they don't all the thought of that is enough to make me gay even worse than the thought of somebody looking at the russian boss fat ass well it's big in a russian boss fat ass i wonder what the right wing is going to be what kind of two they're going to be singing what's the impeachment here is going on oh yeah well i won't be too far down the road you'll say you cry baby is growing up nonsense yeah right i mean we're talking about well you know blow jobs on a one hand against uh starting a war with thunder false pretence and killing thousands of people in sacrificing hundreds so far and probably be in the thousands of americans before we're done and grits but never let they've already uh alienated the brits now they're pointing the figure around it was there thing that does the an i gia and about uh all that crap about uranium and yada a ride it was the french it was the brits it was George ten it was anybody but the bushmaster very true when used to say the buck stops here the bushmaster says it stops on somebody else's desk anybody but me we're still out of a ticket about factoring a 2000 election was voting for anybody but him but they didn't he almost won it magia time we got a great battle going on our hot couple's concert this is going to be good magia time i got 103 there on top so to speak erin and brandin have got 99 they're right on their ass in fact it's almost neck-to-neck no it's ass uh careful a lesson there they got 33 and then how's uh rich in share on 19 they keep plugging away they keep trying their plugging it here's one for our pool the rabbit boarding in the pot and fatal attraction you know i saw this fact and i've seen fatal attraction at least a couple of times i don't remember that i did it wasn't memorable obviously you didn't remember it could have been that memorable you know uh the rabbit boarding in the pot and the fit in the fatal attraction there was a whole bunch of jokes being made at the time about it was on every late night talk show and every commis get about the little bunny in the thing yeah so i mean it was it was memorable to a lot of people well don't don't people eat rabbit it's a delicacy you find a lot of rubies she she restaurants that have a rap-poched rabbit in the world rabbit in the world here yep and I your pet bunny but what's it difference let's say i'm not that big on rabbit so they do is crap uh babies and i thought they do and they got these all over the place i'm looking what what do you do with the rabbit what do you do with it does it respond to like a name does it uh you know come on your call it does it uh what does it do it keeps your feet warm if you make booties out of them i see here's a fact from a tarzan it says this looks like from some chronic out of them because they change the name at a bottom i'll always remember this scariest scene with uh which i had the unfortunate oh this is so illiterate they probably scrolled out real fast i'll be generous i rented a boucht admit when i which i really enjoyed and if you like the american beauty it enjoy a smith not all the same hand when Kathy bates takes off her robe and oh i can't say no more i'm going to hang myself from tarzan he says hey by sea about smith no is that what's your knuckles and yes and never so hard and be your boy never so i know but a couple of people have mentioned to me the power this woman gets naked can't he bates naked oh my god it's awe apologize right before lunchtime for all the scrap going on today man first we got filled with him the lardas limb balls so i get it back to him pink ass and now we got Kathy bates getting naked we're not putting that on there are we what's in i i know what we don't know anything about it maybe we'll get somebody who a second at emotion we'll see five six seven oh five six you don't forget one to two every day during the summer time that's just one thirty to two lucky the yesterday i tried to give you the solution man that this i thought it reminds me of seriously i don't want to knock for ralkers he's a good friend of ours we're delighted we open him with open our welcome him with open arms and legs but this business of taking another call after ten o'clock this ain't gonna happen no more you see what i'm saying in other words just because there are calls on here doesn't mean oh well we're gonna stay on a few extra minutes so we can get everybody on the air uh well now with that what's that all about right whoever heard a such a thing so in other words you had such great calls between one and one thirty yesterday that you felt uh i didn't want to resort to it but it was a mistake not on the moon i'm resorting to it it's a it's a it's a bonus that's why do you why do you put in such terms okay i mean you can take a turn you can pack it in say hey here's a nice Christmas paper for you to say here's a smelly turn it all depends on how you package it and how you present it and with all the course you don't have all the needs stuff in your computer that i got here because you haven't had all the interns down there's stick it in well that's for like a try here's a call that's for sure here's the call from candle hello any i do pretty good sir i got an nomination for both of an no no one to able touch uh most but if you would have put yogurt on the pole and the beginning had that it would have been close that's not a bad idea maybe you wait it's true but my other of my number of a movie would be um livingly and when she said i've got it my witness i'll never go hungry again when terror got burned for destroyed by the acce yeah that would be my nomination for the movie uh i'm forgettable seen pick that scene out of gone with the wind but that that would be the scene from gone with the wind that you'd pick that's his opinion that's what he remembers of what he'd given him grief for that's the one he likes he's six out it was it was more powerful than frankly my dear thanks to my dear screw you right i thanks a lot pal and have a great year you too here's a fashion my pals at fedex that even I had pals at fedex but thank you so much it says most memorable movie scenes star wars when princess lee kisses looks like a scoblager then swings across the death star do you know that uh mark what tells us name hammer mark handle mark hammer was on eight is enough no i did not know that he's 53 years old that i knew he's an old fart and of course what he's backed up his core vet right they couldn't put the pieces of the plastic together or his face either one but he's not looking to be but uh he's 53 years old i looked at i forget why i was looking at all i know why because a few days ago i was channel surfing and they're on one of those oldy moldy channels was eight is enough and what uh who who the hell and it was enough for me because booleans was on there and here was a young mark hammer which i never remember him being on i truly played David and i thought man who knows he's uh pretty interesting you know i'm saying ever what in one episode of eight is enough it was a horrible show was awful with dick van patent who did have a couple of pretty uh interesting looking kids uh was just something the tennis player right now the street i would agree with that i can't imagine ever forgetting that scene it left us an indelible imprint on my mind you know the one we're talking about sure of course if i did was the first movie i was on him and i made the first movie was ever in i think so i'll be done he did for everybody he'll be that when he hit the ceiling oh let's see here now we got that you got it down got it i'm just i'm just reading these and i'm assuming that somebody over there in our vast staff see you know that's another thing uh all the stuff that i'm putting in the vcs if we had a staff if we had any assistance besides me and George most of the time and Shannon who George had crawling around on all fours on the floor all the time they were didn't anything except crawling the floor she put in like a thousand bits and all and i got a hair something something a rindwood bits that's what she had she worked yeah i hope that other internet like five since we've been here and they the point i'm saying is if we ever really had a staff we get out like 50,000 more bits in here and this show could have been so much better over these last five and a few years but no everything is like do it yourself and qa m but the check did clear thank you and did finally show up here's the fact that says the great thing about you will be posted the most memorable movie scene can be memorable because it makes you laugh or cry the lights you were gives you nightmares makes you horny or puke of every meal you've had since your mother's milk etc how about this forced Russian will let in the vcongs hooch the deer hunter okay got it got it and for the female input my colleague Kathy says in the end of jones shoots cemetery swinging assassin and readers of the lost dark got it got it okay that's good on i look at this this is bad news why do you keep sending me this bad news from the Toledo blade bishop charged over a fondly woman casino all right bishop to me treat courier Toledo who oversees eight states and Ontario for the anti-oxicin orthodox Christian was arrested at a Michigan casino for allegedly filing a woman official said this is on july about a week ago or less the 54 year old bishop on a five in the anti-oxicin orthodox church arts Christian arts dinesy of north america was highly intoxicated when the netland he grabbed the breast of a woman who was seated nearby slot machine and the turtle creek casino near Traverse city said trooper Paul Kushner the resting officer the bishop was now wearing clerical guard but told trooper Kushner he was an orthodox bishop he used some non-bishop type language a lot of profanity to per Kushner said what's that bit with god which one oh you know the turf father is it father Tourette's that's one is that the name of it I think so oh that's that's gotta be here for this story this fall on cbs meet a small town priest who speaks the word of God and adds a few choice words of his own it's father Tourette's mysteries yeah i belive it we are gathered here today to join together this two-step second-minute shock of mother in holy matrimon father Tourette mysteries a new kind of family drama from the producers of Chicago hopeless and NYPD blue ball Sunday's this fall spending hour with father Tourette right after an all-new season of touchdown there by an angel only on cbs okay here's the the rest of the extra bishop to meet for you was released on 25,000 dollars bottom of the grand traverse county correctal facility was charged with criminal sexual conduct of ortho refelony if convicted he faces up to two years in jail five hundred dollar fine and maddeter hb slash sexually transmitted disease testing according to grand traverse county prosecutor Dennis Lebel the bishop was also charged with a misdemeanor offensive drunken disorderly conduct if convicted of that offensive face a 90 day sentence and or fine a 500 bucks and Chris says last night now this is just amazing oh he says pleads do see 28 days later directed by the guy from trans body well i would want to see the guy who directed trans body well i want to see this 28 days later shuttle great if shuttle grave was good you're right say it was very good you don't want to see 28 days later you wouldn't like it based on one based on it was weak it was slow and the parts that were exciting wouldn't interest you at all okay like i said okay getting back to a Chris he says last night feel happy when on for 30 minutes about what a great political talk show host rush limbo is oh are you sure feel thought that by having rush doing football will take away from his radio show and fill didn't want to see that happen then fill one out about how the invasion was just a body of the president doesn't stop and he's right oh god is that not to make you puker one i got to talk about a man who is not to sold out whatever whatever is beyond sold out that's what he that's the level that he's achieved now sold his soul oh to the devil from about 50 cent let's see i think the guy with a fake voice to moka doff the ira ten o'clock is most obsessed oh you mean sky does that what this fact means i guess that's where there's no he's obsessed with me at all he likes to show but he's not obsessed there's a difference between like an issue and being obsessed believe me he's not obsessed it says my most normal scene was in a apocalypse now in curl kill worse at the unforgettable line i love the smell of napal in the morning that's the one scene you should see is the rubber to ball the whole of that little piece with him in it yeah i got it down there at home but i care you know like another one of those have watched eight eight eight uh seven different times watch a little bit try to get into it to get up to that scene watch the whole uh house hop through attack and uh and everything like that all the way through and burn the rest of it yeah okay five six seven five six the pound five six the only eight t and t and rise on our list line what is the most memorable will be seen of all time or asking and we have uh you know some pretty good ones got to be like about a thousand more when you think ought to be you would think so that's full number two it starts at noon on the website and right now we have 126 votes on the first one who is most jealous of and or obsessed with the arrogors more how are they divided hundred and fifty nine absolutely class our chronic class of call are dinner sixty two he is a classic chronic and an asshole miss bad drug she's got forty four Steve came thirty one fill hundred seventeen and your Reynolds twelve oh fill a Henry suck and rush limba asked that that is so nauseating man she's as I hope he gets on it I'll be chokes on dingo buries that it's just nauseating can you believe that I don't want to think about it I got the waste that about how doing a football is going to take away from his radio and he hopes that it doesn't happen uh uh of course guess who's on KFI I give up let me give you a clue oh you know hurricane seasons here before storm hits you put up shutters to protect the windows doors of your home but after roof of your house a the Somai paint factory makes roof mastick a great roof coating that can help you hurricane proof your roof so may's roof mastick saved hundreds and hundreds of roof during hurricane Andrew while unprotected roofs were peeling off and flying down the old Hershey highway so may also as waterproof coatings for every kind of roof ever invented called a Somai paint factory at three oh five six three three sixty three thirty three Somai paint factories the oldest quality paint waterproof coating manufacturer in the entire state Somai will save you money because they eliminate the middleman markups they sell to everybody meaning you at wholesale prices that are sixty percent lower than what you'd pay for the same national brands in your expensive retail store so protect your home and property from southland is tough travel climate with the very best painted water from coatings available anywhere's at the best prices too called the Somai SOMA Y paint factory at 305 63 63 33 or find them on at Somai.com let me say it again it's SOMA Y you saved ton of cash when you buy direct from the Somai paint factory be sure and tell them an ancient needle told you to call 305 63 63 33 don't make mistakes when you bus rubber play no no don't go it don't love it unlike a jay this guy won't get away no and say goodbye because the other baby knows father he's guilty now and I mean that just wait and see when it's on court he leaves for take off sparing a buy buy buy buy did you talk about Brittany and Justin that crappy story about how she admits now that she did it well mentioned it and she claims that they done it oh yeah the thought of that is enough to make me gag even worse than the thought of somebody looking to wash them boss fat ass oh it's big and a wash them boss fat ass I wonder what the right women's are going to be what kind of tune they're going to be singing what's the impeachment hearing is going you know oh man what I won't be too far down the road you'll say you cry baby is growing up nonsense yeah right i mean we're talking about well you know blow jobs on a one hand against uh starting a war with thunder false pretence and killing thousands of people in sacrificing hundreds so far and probably be in the thousands of Americans before we're done and grits but never let they've already have alienated the brits not that pointing the figure out it was there thing that dossier and i jury and about uh all i crap about uranium and yani uh air right and it was the french there was the french it was the brits it was George tenid it was anybody but the bushmaster Harry Truman used to say the buck stops here the bushmaster says it stops on somebody else's desk anybody but me we say out of it thinking about factoring a 2000 election was voting for anybody but him but they didn't he almost won't magian time but we got a great battle going on our hot couple's conversation this is going to be magian time i got a hundred and three they're on top so to speak Aaron and Brandon have got 99 they're right on their ass in fact it's almost necked and neck no as to ask uh careful election and he got thirty uh three and then how's uh rich in share all 19 they keep plugging away they keep trying to deflegan it here's one for our pool the rabbit boarding in the pot and fatal attraction you know i saw this facts and i've seen fatal attraction at least a couple of times i don't remember that i do it's a it wasn't memorable obviously you didn't really right if i don't remember it it could have been that memorable you know uh the rabbit boiling in the pot and if it in fatal attraction there was a whole bunch of uh jokes being made at the time about it it was on every late night talk show and every scommy skit about the little bunny in the thing yeah so i mean it was it was memorable to a lot of people well don't don't people eat rabbit it's a delicacy you find a lot of rubies she she rest runs that have a rat poached rabbit and a brood rabbit in the world here yeah i'm not your pet bunny but what's the difference let's say i'm not that big on rabbit so they do his crap uh babies and i saw they do and they got these all over the place remember what what do you do with the rabbit what do you do with it does it respond to like a name does it uh you know come on your call it is it uh what does it do it keeps your feet warm if you make booties out of them i see here's a fact from martars and it says this looks like from some chronic out of no because they change a name on the bottom i'll always remember the scariest scene with uh which i had the unfortunate oh this is so elaborate they probably scrolled out real fast i'll be generous i rented about Schmidt when i which i really enjoyed and if you liked American beauty it enjoyed Schmidt i don't listen to him when Kathy bates takes off her robe and oh i can't say no more i'm gonna hang myself from tars and he says anybody see about Schmidt no is that what Jack Nicholson yes and never saw it and beiner boy never saw it no but a couple of people have mentioned to me the part where this woman gets naked Kathy bates naked oh my god geez we apologize right before lunchtime for all the scrap going on today first we got to look at him the largest limb bars so i get him pink ass and now we got Kathy bates getting naked we're not putting that on there are we what's in i don't know because we don't know anything about it maybe we'll get somebody who has second-ed emotional see five six seven oh five six you don't forget one to two every day during the summertime that's just one thirty to two lucky to yesterday i tried to give it a solution made that this i don't know why it i know what that reminds me of seriously i don't want to knock for ralka's he's a good friend of ours we're delighted we open him with open our welcome him with open arms and legs but this business of taking another call after ten o'clock this ain't gonna happen no more you see what i'm saying in other words just because there are calls on there doesn't mean oh well we're gonna stay on a few extra minutes so we can get everybody on the air oh now with that let's have all about right whoever heard a such a thing so another bitch it's such a great calls between one and one thirty yesterday that you felt uh and i didn't want to have to resort to it but it was a mistake not on the amount of resorting to it it's a it's a bonus that's right why do you put in such terms okay i mean you can take a turn you can package it and say hey here's a nice and christmas thing or you can say here's a smelly turn it all dependent how you package it and how you present it and with all the course you don't have all the need stuff in your computer that i got here because you haven't had all the interns down there's stick it in well that for here's a call that's for sure here's a call from candle hello any hi you doing pretty good sir i got an nomination for both of i know no one be able to touch uh mo but if you would have put the over down the pole when the beginning i bet it would have been close that's not a bad idea maybe you wait the two but my other my number of a movie would be um livingly and when she said there's got a my witness uh never go hungry again when terror got burned or destroyed by the Yankees yeah that would be my nomination for the movie uh i'm forgettable seen pick that scene out of gone with the wind what that that would be the scene from gone with the wind that you'd pick that's his opinion that's what he remembers um what do you give him grief for that's the one he likes he looks sticks out it was it's to me it was it was more powerful than uh frankly my dear screw you right thanks a lot pal i have a good you too here's the fact from my pals at FedEx i'd even know i had pals at FedEx but thank you so much it says most memorable movie scenes star wars when princess lee kisses looks sky a skywalker then swings across the death star do you know that uh mark what tells us the name hammer mark handle mark handle was on eight is enough no i did not know that he's 53 years old that i knew he's an old fart and of course what he smashed up his core vet right they couldn't put the pieces of the plastic together or his face either one but he's not looking to good but uh he's 53 years old i looked at i forget why i was looking to oh i know why because a few days ago i was channel surfing and they were one of those old moldy channels was eight is enough and was uh who who the hell and it was enough for me because booleans was on air and here was uh a young mark camel which i never remember him being on actually played David and i thought man who now is he's uh pretty interesting you know i'm saying ever what in one episode of eight is enough it was a horrible show was awful but dick van patent who did have a couple of pretty interesting looking kids uh was just something the tennis player of incident van patent right but anyway and i thought that and i could take it to my soul i thought that looks like mark camel but it can't be a can't be mark camel and it was ready for that i got it so he was on eight is enough and then of course he was a luft skywalker he was a big shot for about five minutes and i was an old dot ring old fart oh my god he's 53 years old i feel like unclean now i mean after it would want to be 53 again but it's just just the idea that so it's like when you see guys playing baseball major league baseball and you remember watching their grandparents play the grandfather's play no well i mean yeah first of all you wouldn't cause you know watch it number two and at that old year but i am that's called getting old baby it's called living in soft Florida oh right here's a call from my anyhow pretty good sir good listen uh one more he that both you were not like a lot which is a soccer orange try to remember the scene the second part of the movie when uh how it had uh yeah you could character thing was Alex for that yes right you get to beat up and you get brought into the house of your man with that big guy that will character him around what was that man and he saw he's in the back of singing right exactly in the old man's movie resemblance who that guy was and you could see his face yeah my your right you could see the the veins your remain in his head was turning purple it's that's not the most like my Disney if that's not the most mother will see that on a what is that we don't have an extraordinary scene as you were singing singing in the rain you know Alexander Delartage excellent choice i think that's an awesome movie and uh and the member will see how a great day thanks you two thanks pala and that's a good one yes it is you put it down however you like Alexander Delartage singing in the rain and now singing in the rain singing in the singing in the back turn here's this poor guy who's like a vegetable in his wheelchair down there at the typewriter and he's listening is it oh so you knew that worthless trivia that was Darth Vader that answered the door Julian and carried him in that was Darth Vader that was Darth Vader that answered the door and shut the night and I'm not a mussel of the whole guy Julian no I know who that was I remember every uh minute that movie that was a great movie get that would you Julian yeah that's David Prouse who was interesting when he was light enough to go into prison Alex was standing there in a music if you check the music in the background this singing let hang down your head time dolly which I thought was interesting on this that the scene where he was standing naked at the table right anyway with a saw you just you'd had to be there see you're not a Kingston trio guys before your time hey listen that's why the advantages of being an old fart you know a lot of crap and the disadvantage is you're about to croak how's your old bandfield doing at the jacks now on his raceway and clearance a on and weighing temple who anyway oh this is a good story president Bush's brother Neal no good no different Neal cheated on his ex-wife Sharon would local women he met during business trip to the far east according to a videotape deposition conducted by Sharon's lawyers an upstanding family of course Neal I was the one I was involved in that silver auto the SNL scandal right I had I had had sexual intercourse with perhaps three or four I don't remember the exact number of women at different times Neal Bush's endering is just leaked deposition it was video tape last march is partly couples divorce proceeding this is in yesterday's New York post of right wing post no less he said the truth happened when he was at southeast ages seven years ago and Thailand once I have a pretty clear recollection that there was one time in Thailand and the Hong Kong Bush said and when you married him is his bush all your ass and he said yes our marriage has been broken Bush continued its loveless and there's nothing left to it and there hasn't been for a long long time the couple have three children stunning Tommy helping her model Lauren Bush star of any ad campaigns and magazine shoots daughter Ashley 14 and some pierce 16 how do you like that the bush family continues being really upstanding now American great I love it these are the kind of people who can really look up to love him 57 three minutes till noon at five sixty qm the mad dog at two we got the hump or back in town briefly the hoppers on four to seven three days in a row and maybe do the worst schedule for a hang this week we got the big o at seventy got the major league all star game which really counts which is really stupid by the way it's supposed to be an exhibition game it's one of a typical dumb but ceiling move idiotic make a big mistake last year and a game in a tie and this year they're going to make up for by making the game mean something by deciding the home team for the world serious absolutely unacceptable they'll be like that would be like the NHL all star game deciding who's going to have home in ice advantage in the stand-in cup finals just stupid anyway it's a clock we got the all star game any key follows that in Joe Mark overnight and there's still want that five o clock hour back by the way by the way moldy still wanted back absolutely if you're in a dead end job like the mole man maybe colleges to a spent some of just takes too long having that four years to go sit on your ass trying to get a life if you can afford just ten bucks a month and commit yourself to three nights a week for four months fast-tranking up you achieve a new great high-pane computer career and start making some serious cash that's right only ten bucks a month and three nights a week for just four months for individuals who qualify so call fast-tring day what he got to lose beside your dead end job call one eight six six fast-trane with four locations all over town in femur pines Miami kindle and four lot of build is one to be one nearby you that's convenient for you so call fast-trane eight six six fast-trane pop with a train career counselor they're up your dating weekend schedules job placement hands-on training to so call fast-trane today be sure mentioned Todd Drex name for real chuckle call one eight six fast-trane that a firm payment is valid for a year regular payment supply thereafter what your high school student on summer breaks sit around whack at all day long somebody to underpaid that and job we're just looking to increase your network call fast-trane one eight six six fast-trane fast-trane dot com this is Mark Morgan is the 12-to-one hour on Q-8M grab the records for this with a verse I'm anywhere off fabulous two records collection of copies and screenest letters like pocket for her over raw six seventies and squares teethose What's the anymore? If you drive a mighty driver, you're gonna be probably put you away. He's gonna get him from ProCo from Stirls plus Stirls from Stirls from ProCo where we say if you'll buy this you'll buy anything Model 3 at 5 sipping. I see we haven't heard that in about 45 years. You're not right. I'm missed that. Don't even know where it is Ha ha ha ha there you go So 367 votes we can take the first pull down now, Eric please. Probably more on there now, but I like printed it out just in case it was a little bit too quick on the switch 369 votes like I said Who is most jealous of and or obsessed with the arodgers? More Howard David at 185 185 50.1% That's here for more That's a movie. Over 50% Chronicle or Dennis 69 good number for Dennis. I'll make something filthy out of it. Miss Matt Fudge. She's got 48th of Fudge, myster Steve came 35 fill. Henry only 17. Are you sure? We'll have a recon fill and Joey Reynolds has been last since the get go and he's can at least consistent when you say was always consistent consistently what bad he sucked Joey Reynolds 14 Although if they really knew it he might beat more if they really knew if we had a crowd to go back that far, but we don't I do obsessive. I mean just neurotic neurotic Every time I had a bomb woman, you had to know what aroma was what flavor it was how long you took to wipe. I mean a whole deal right hand left hand front back Our pull question today and now here's pull number two. We're gonna have it up there and then of course one or two. It's our comedy, but it's our every day during the summertime through August 21 I'm just telling you that right now. It's just I decided that yesterday hearing you struggling and dying over there and we're doing okay here, but it's because we're building a pole if we were doing a pole Oh my god, this little suggestion there for you. In fact, I'm enjoying doing Tuesday and Thursday so much. Although I liked it a little bit better two years ago doing no shows in the summer time I like that better But I'll say this. I'm thinking like maybe what I'll do is extend my contract a few weeks and I'll just do two days and Thursdays the rest of the next three and a half years. Okay sounds good to me I'm thinking that I'm not saying it's gonna happen, but that is definitely a possibility just imagine how good those shows could be As opposed to the drudgery or did you say that the treachery, but do not need to have it to come in day after Monday through Friday Monday, Monday, Wednesday Saturday. Oh my god. Oh, I don't even know too much What is the most memorable movie scene of all-time or ask you today? It's a sensational pool if I say so myself Michael and I can we got I don't know what you got you'll have to read them. You got to be the boy to guy I'll cut up now He's known with his bail bonds, and don't uh no, no, the bail bonds and stuff comes after the show Okay, or least in the new new new we have to bail And sorry no pun intended in the middle of the show here for what? For his court Date for his trial Michael kills Salatso and McCluskey in the godfather Ned Vady gets raped at it in deliverance Frogs throw from the sky magnolia all the characters seeing wise up in magnolia, which is clearly the greatest scene in the history of emotion pictures Darth Vader cuts loose hand off an empire stress back horses head in the bed with jack waltz in the godfather, and that's all I got I haven't been in the other ones down. You got the list Carlos has of let's see if you can yell it from the cross the roof God holler amount get off the foam with your bail bonds Being a dead beat let's go. This is a high priced radio show not some kind of a rare reformatory All right, what was that Yeah, take his ass to jail, okay Just leave his hands behind so we can hit the keyboard and a goddamn computer All right, what is it which I like off? There the horses had a bit with jack waltz in the godfather. All right caveman throwing bone at the sky from 2001 a space Odyssey Yeah, one Taylor first speaks in planet of the apes. Oh look at look at that We got it. I could be reading it while also wanting to go ahead Give me something to make you feel like you're useful Aiding explodes out of guys chest and aiding shark gets on top crush his back of boat and eats kept in quaint jaws Travis Bickles you talking a meme on a log Sharon stones crotch shot and basic instinct put the lotion in the basket scene of seven to the land Johnny Depth gets sucked in by bed at Mernell Street. I'm as mad as I'm not gonna take any more from network For scrussion we'll let in fear hunter in these shoots Smittar guy Smittar Midnight Echmittar In rate is it the last time you mean rush junior. Yeah, go ahead Robert devolves. I love the smell of napalp in the morning scene in the apocalypse now Vivian lays has got as my witness. Oh, Vivian leave. Vivian. Leave. Not late. Not late. Okay. Lee. Lee. Freudian slip As God has my witness. I'll never go hungry again from going with a wind princess lay a kisses loop And swings across this star from Star Wars Alexander the large singing in the tub is guy and wheelchair remembers who he is From a what a reading week reading George's voted no have it. Oh, you haven't that who voted for uh we got one vote for reach Somebody was holding apparently another pull is up now somebody must have hopped on there right away The pull is up officially The second pull I voted obviously for the characters all sing wise up in Magnolia You are you are kind of hopeful that just out of spite and even all you like Amy man. Oh, it was a great scene Not my favorite There's not there's not what it's even close in my book. I'm gonna close second That's because you haven't Why don't don't scratch beats that hands down. Okay, so now you can end a pornography Why do we just put porn on the movies on this All right, okay, how about Debbie does down About males And I was Alice See it's a great song where you have to see it Visual it is Okay, the new pull is up and I think I don't know let me just refresh it and take a take a puke at it. Okay Because it's got to be more than two votes, right? I'll tell you that thing on a hot couples contest is just unbelievable we got a real battle going on Oh, this is uh I don't know what's going on here Eric Are we freshed it and it's just kind of like sitting there? Oh, there it is there we got the preliminary the first votes are trickling in Michael kills so lots of it in my clasque You got father although at least my clasque enjoyed the wheel he said you're right it is the best in the set It really sticks in your throat Sharon stones crotch shot and baby, wow, see that's gonna get a lot of votes be in That doesn't even belong on there, too. I mean, okay, whatever you say most memorable I belong If that's where your mind is at if that's all you know is sex sex if that's how you can think about like me Darth Vader cut Luke's hand off the imposter I expect to Character's all look at that character's all sing you know of course that's my vote. God one 5670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line here's a call from Papino hello But that's the union. Yes, sir You think Bush will get reelected next year. No, I think it'll be in Pete's before the election All right, I think question I'm giving you an honest answer. I think he's gonna be impeached 5670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Oh my god. That was pretty heavy Do the one yet You think we ought to get crotch in over here? No But he sure's I'll beat salad a bush. How do you like that? That's my that's my intellectual answer for today, okay? Old froggy It's of course it was crunch enters into the beginning that it was a moron and he's right speak it a froggy Yes, you get that animation yet No, I've looked for it a couple of times and I don't know whether it's your a problem with your stuff down there or whatever You're stuck very well. There's no items in my thing, okay? You're right. We're not the other one The new one not the old one That's what I'm saying. Okay, well, I'm looking at under my new email thing there and it says there are no items in his view There was no message so I there ain't nothing in it in other words. This is empty is Beater boys head must have been part of the ongoing problems this word. I see well give it another shot It's a picture of what a frog it's animations of a frog raining A frog ringing frogs raining raining raining raining raining raining frogs Not do I want to see that Because it's cute, okay, well if it's kids from one of our very creative listeners which we think again By the way, we got so much reading needs stuff now. Where did that baby mole with the green diapers doing the karate kicks? Where did that come from? One of our listeners. Oh, thank you profusely man. Oh people are who Joe Jonesy. Yeah, thanks a lot Pally you guys are the best Let's give a special shout out to all of our good computer nerds out there or whatever in hell. They are hi An honor of that neat stuff we got in there 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T line if you're looking for some place to go and just feast for get about all the heat and Humanity and the war and the killing and the stuff just go to the Emerald coast and just eat and eat Need into you pass out on the floor. You can do it because it's like walking into a sea and endless sea of food They got three locations for you now. There's one in sunrise north time to beach and the newest one is in Pembroke pines. You know how everybody is a showed up in Pembroke pines? Nope, but now that it really are everybody sooner later they eventually get to the pines Starts from hot water and eating experience at the Emerald coast with one or two or all of six different soups and then you'll find a whole bunch of delicious on trade Including New York strip made order to gourmet set of resesling Asian grill featuring grilled shrimp scampy style Chumbo scallops wrapped in bacon and their brand new seafood sage John If that isn't enough to keep you set aside. Try the dunches crab and ginger and scallions handcarv prom rare bannou Oriental chicken salad And you won't find any crap no MSG no cornstarch They cook only with the best ingredients and they use only cholesterol free ors and all the cooking at the Emerald coast as well They got a full salad bar sushi bar first-room cocktail and if by some miracle You have a little room at the end of the meal when you're full just stuff in your face Check out the dessert station featuring pines cakes pastries ice cream without your favorite toppings fresh fruit too So go and take the whole gang for a big feast at the Emerald coast and sunrise you'll find them on pinylo to 44th street They're on Collins Avenue just north of 163 in north-nime a beach and you'll find them at the intersex There's flamingo and pembroke roads and prestigious Pembroke pines take all family book your next business lunch in there all size parties are welcome Let the folks at the Emerald coast do the cooking for you take out delivery is available to here's the number to call nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two for information reservations nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two The world famous Emerald coast Chinese buffet two a m Banging the butt honey I would see You know I love that you can find You know My knees I've been down so I can see if there's another key room covered There is well This after I get naked and go running all over the place I hope someone just like me will you go their showers and might be I'm a key room covered Have your earth with Spumming in about your nails somebody's turn if I pop from sin at all I just leave that in this door The excitement always makes like me be smell I'm a My My Rooms Perfect Can't do so It's 2018 at five sixty-vebany crew. We got a battle on at the hot couples contest Maggie and Tom on 22 And Erin and Brandon remain right on their ass 11 11 It's gonna be a good battle though. You think all week long so literally you can say oh you can This smell that I'm in your miles away here's the early returns on our pool What was the most memorable scene? movie scene of all time horses head into bed would jack in a godfather 11 Robert do vales I love this smell of napalm in a morning scene in Pocolops now eight Sharon stones crotch shot in bass against in seven Michael kills a selector in my closkey And the godfather seven I'm as man as hell and I'm not gonna take it anymore network five Darth Vader cuts Luke's hand off an empire stress back four Medbedy gets raped in lyrids three and the others they were just getting a go on and on saying we're just getting a goon Yeah, so what it says do we have to maybe have the godfather already? See you never understand There's no limit why would there be a limit the question is let me read you the question again What was the most memorable movie scene of all time if we had plenty of them from the godfather? What did his woulda make cuz we're asking people to opinion right? Those just taking that scene where he grabs freightos face and I know it was your fredo You broke my heart How about it that was that was your That was memorable scene in that movie Yeah, yeah, that was just the way he was his head and oh You got to be killing me that wouldn't even be my top half dozen How about what he he settles all family business and they kill all the heads of the five families what about how come nobody's put that on there yet But I've been I mean that that montage do that segment certainly is right up there with the jack walls with the horses head and the bed You're right. Yeah, I am right Frado you broke my heart I've only one thing to say to be near boy You're gonna Yeah That's what I got to say to you. Oh, here's one that I like Here's a fact it says when Merrill Street pitch jacknacles in the face with a pie at the end of heartburn Okay, never saw it Well, I didn't either but we got to what's on there somebody said it's the most memory of memory moment They liked it. It's mental jack-in when private gomer piles shoots the drill sergeant Says Robert who says also he's not a chronic fact you thank your Robert You got it. We got it. That's not as good as seeing in that movie than when the sergeant first introduced himself Well, I then maybe I haven't seen that movie and I'm sure I wouldn't like it so I was the beginning of it and I'm not thrown away Okay, you want like most of the other movies you recommend no now understand something I don't recommend movies to you necessarily when I say they're good that doesn't mean necessarily that I think you would like them So now you're not that's the only a beautiful mind you win doors hands down your pants You will like it if you ever watch it you'll like it. Okay. I'll tell you what between Let's see I got Thursday I got another show so between Thursday and next Tuesday I'll watch There was a lot of the movies on my list I never recommended those to you. I don't think I'm gonna Oh, starting yeah, I mean slow-shorting is an understanding and I mean do something Go or you must go on in there and drink in there Is that what you want what you watch? Is not what you think it is okay? I'll watch the rest of it. Okay, let's I'll give it a shot Like I like they said like Robert Duball said it never why don't we give it a shot Remember that scene we're all sitting around eating there whatever the reading What are they they're eating breakfast? No, they're shut the Breyons that was at the the big powo Don't remember that When Frank Hackett and Ed Baby. I mean Robert Duball got up and made the speech about the network news division And William Holden was leaning back in his chair looking at his buddy there What that was his buddy. Yeah, what what? Not Nelson Nelson was the name of the I got to watch it again flunky and network president But what's the other guys now? James Ruddy there you go good good memory Edward James Ruddy died today and why is it what does that have to do with the price of rice? Anyway, and why is that old to us? I'm not gonna start doing that whole Howard Biel thing. What a great movie so underrated man And then and this is like Magnolia you've got to be a moron not to see that movie network and we just blown away by it Especially now and you'll look back 30 years ago. Do you think Patty Triansky wrote this over 30 years ago? Especially in South Florida where we had channel seven all these years with their three-bing circus that they claim is a is news With a with a psychics and a weather fairies and all the other crap that put on her. I mean this man was so far ahead of his time It was like the jewels burn age And you talked to people about that. Oh, I thought it was kind and what did you say? Is people say that it was shot like in at 70 style kind of like yeah that director was rubberdollmen They don't like a Was that rubberdollmen had nothing what would network wasn't rubberdollmen? Who the hell wasn't? I don't know what those guys Just a lot of people don't like the the pace of it. I don't I don't understand it either. I agree with you But there are so many great scenes in that movie man if you wanted to really press me the writing even when the way the throwaway line When Diana meets that Lorraine Hobbes and she says I'm a badass coming nigger I mean that that is one of the greatest lines in the history of movies God What am I looking for I'm looking for network? I want to what the horse's name? See now you got me. Yeah Who did you say it was with the director? It was a Robert Altman I was directed it the director was Sidney Luma Luma Not little may Sidney Luma that's not a Luma Oh my god the gold the maid Pretty kinky condom Sidney Luma You don't know you're never we have to know a thing mister you don't know you're network with a crap I don't watch it every month like you I haven't seen that movie in a cry do have it on DVD though The other room. I'm gonna watch it just out of spite. I'd rather watch it again 10 times than watch the crappy a beautiful mind Chris says like to nominate the final yard in birds Reynolds longest yard best sinitama sinitama Tography ever in a sportsman Tography sinitama photography. Oh, you know what I love But I can't eat because I'm a bit of an effect No, no, no that too, but both in the airports about one of the few good places they got of those sinitbond places Oh, yeah, so what I do is I hang around there and I just smell it You know what I mean poison it'll kill you. No, but I just I just sniff it Sometimes something's really good. You want to sniff it. You know what I'm saying Well, I can't eat it. I'm gonna sniff it right in the bit place on the poll too. Also, could you please play the zero song by Enrique and I will because it happens to be in there Chris must be psychic because that's one of the 80 billion bits I put in here And please tell me on which this guy would find that yes, it's the first track on this years best of I'll rock the answer Chris is question. There you go Chris you have to jackpot You got to finally yard in Burr Reynolds longest yard. We got it Okay, I don't know what that means because they've been seated this sports will be I don't watch sports will be okay Just like we got some people out there that don't watch soap operas and they don't know what they're missing They're missing share it in on passions who still in the pit by the way. She's still down there 15 votes for Robert do vials. I love the smell of napalman in morning. So you know, I'm gonna go get the DVD today I'm gonna watch the whole thing Isn't it isn't about like three and a half hours or something's a very long click something like that Now who's the director that Alfred Hitchcock or city Lumay Dobert Who was the director of apocalypse now wasn't that the Francis Forty was oh Horses had in bed with Jack and a godfather's time for first place with 15 hour talking Michael kill salots on the closkey Godfather has got nine why don't we why don't we put that on there the the The end's mine not just relax Michael settles all family business the godfather Got it because that that that's the description of that montage there nearly end of God the first godfather Is when they take ever were club in fact. Pulla men's his there. He's got the shotgun remember that The elevator door opens and And of course there's Barcini is walking down the stairs that he turns around to say oops I better go back up to light Barcini nice shooting though it was it was our slow wasn't it nearly that shot him in the bodyguard Yes Nice shot now 26 past noon at five sixty w qm its Neo Rogers summons summer are someing savings going on right now See at least I'm consistent I screwed up the wrong way every time I did this spot It's a big summer savings event presented by my good close personal friends at least I used to be used to be Tom lemon and Joe creator at halapadi x emc Here's the list here's what's going on right now Neil deal number one at halapitch yourself zero percent financing for 60 months on every single 2003 pa diacor gmc and stock Neil deal number two get up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 gmc and pa diac and stock and audio current and former military personnel get yourself an additional 750 dollar rebate from your friends at halap Neil the oh number three Count em least a new 2004 grand free gt one for his little is 289 bucks a month. It's a 36 month least the folks at halapadi all about it and also know how that you can still test drive a vehicle for 24 hours Take it home take it to work take it to the strip throw while it's still open anywhere you like as always check out halapx Great selection of dependable pre on vehicles to and as far as credit is concerned even if you stay hangout was yet to forest Credit is never a problem when you shop at halap Halapadi x emc there are 134.1 south-toxie highway that's US one right across from the falls open every day of your life seven days week For more info called the Neil deal hotline Usplain a two-year one triple eight five three four forty two eleven one triple eight five three four forty two eleven Don't forget all the deals subbed credit approval see the folks at halapore details That's at halapadi x emc they're unbeatable and they are professional great I want to Okay, I'm reading this fact you just emm it says what about the scene in deep throw where mo gets the facial Absolutely anyway Says the guys are going to accurately what about the scene in Godfather and Michael is at the baptism That's what I'm talking about and we didn't say just get you saying that Michael take it says And we're all the families business get taken care of it's a great sequence. That's what I just said Michael takes care of all family business from the godfather What I just said Okay, oh This is botjos is won't set effects again for two weeks so won't be labeled a product piece that three people my office on you You know it hit and Dallas. Let's hear it. Oh right Let's see here's the facts that says don't forget the wonderful scene from its a mad mad world not the least Which is ethyl merman being shaken upside down by Terry Thomas and Milton Burl although the main scene of my memory is Phil's silver Trying to get out of a dessert gorge and his old cloud that desert gorge and his old plummet and screaming at the little kid showing him the shortcut There down there Then rolling and skinny down the cliff into the river oil training from the behind the car Yeah, I came to mind immediately when you post the voice of a bigger part Huh, I'm just growing this is probably from above because it's before your time Thought that movie a thought twice as a matter of fact. I never thought I movie it's a mad mad mad mad mad world Honey, Corny well, what do you expect with that from merman and Terry Thomas and Milton Burl and Phil's silver You expect like serious dramas that would you expect? It's porno Oh, yeah Anyway, here's what it says the best thing about the doval scene the Colonel Kilgore and that Paco looks now comes after he says He loves the smell of napon Martin sheen is kneeling down stirring up a doval who is still standing Deviled turns to sheen says, you know one day this war is gonna end he looked so sad when he said it It's priceless you've got to see it his delivery was I'm gonna go on. Good today. I'm gonna go get right after the show I'm gonna grab the grab me and a apocalypse now Especially you'll probably wind up buying the directors cut because that probably the only the one that's out there They uh apocalypse redux which is four hours long. Oh Now here's one how could we have left this out? Thank goodness for the audience Alpachito dog day after known add it caught add it caught where he's waving a white hanky You bet that on their bone or head is he still there? Yeah, yeah, he's not leaving He got a what would they call it? Not feeling even okay. He better not believe it. He's had too many free passes from the teacher in the last few weeks You know I'm talking about too many of them pink slips the next pink slip he gets his gonna be one from us Alpachino. See that's what George says George likes to grow beet you like crazy. Yeah, I love the George I'm gonna seriously you want you got a boss somebody around who else you've got a boss around It could be so Robert and I know this Robert did not open a pot this morning I don't want to I want to get distracted here But this just so the audience understands what about your heart ass punk. They got in that place where I spoiled rotten because our middle-level management people won't put those people in their place Now Robert Greeper who has got to be one of the most useless people on the face of the globe, okay The only useful thing is one time he let me in the studio when I forgot my keys one morning and you were later Some of them remember that a couple of years ago right three whatever other than that He's as useless as dog crap and He sits in there and he's gonna like open the pot whenever he feels like it so you're on their Friday screaming and yelling from the open of pots You can do the crossover with Braille and he's like it's 1001 It's 1001 30 for else take another call. It's over in our time That's not a crossover that's bull crap is what that is So this morning the word is for else got to go rushing out of there to the DMV thing to take care of taking care of business and he wants to do the crossover at 955. Okay So he starts to break he starts to spot the 955. I'm sorry for perimeter to I'm gonna start whatever he's saying. I'm gonna cut in right you think that little bastard Robert Greeper that professional Self-hating Jew right wing asshole. He don't open a pot to like right at 10 o'clock And I think that clearance and stuff ought to go in there and just beat the crap out of him or unstraighting his little ass out Okay, take away his to fill in Man is he up noxious that kid anyway Attica Attica we got that we got it good No, seriously that this is about what he always like we're kind of like prisoner to when if and when he decides to put us on you know Who the hell is he maddening little schmuck? Here's a call from beautiful candle hello. Hey, how you doing Neil? Pretty good. I don't know anybody left out the shower scene from psycho. Of course, right? Definitive classic that's that would be the classic answer to this question. Okay And George is right about a beautiful mind give it a shot. I'm gonna do it. Okay. Okay. Thank you But I hope you're right. I am Okay, thanks. I'm gonna I'm gonna sue the both of you look You can't have a driver John say like Reverend Joe said that there will be a lawsuit Reverend Joe yeah, oh god. Yeah, there's no way that you have a shorter attention span than I do so if I got through the boring foundation Then you can But you gotta keep on thinking mine and that is that I have when I go out to the store and I buy like a half of it as in movies or four or whatever So I got I got all these things waiting I got a lot shows him for the next one and I'm thinking well I'm not gonna waste my time with this crap I understand I still have a watch sexy beast. I still have a watch the cannibalism one with those that call the rabbit as you started laughing at that you said it was a disgusting and you threw it away Well, I was watching it right in the middle of my dinner. I'm not not not the best idea I'm waiting for your review of this a lot to gross me off. It in fact the only thing I've ever been grossed out in a movie was that train spotting I'm sorry I'm not overrated. Don't let it's not care that is not one that I'm gonna go back and pick up where I left off I want you to give me your power on either another visit to the bull No problem I'll mail it to you and leave your review of sexy beast Because you haven't seen it. I've been here once you've been recommended that to me Audience Oh, well, I might be okay. I mean I ever thought the beast was too sexy myself, but you know haven't seen him in a while 20 vote. We got a good battle on this 20 votes for the horse head and the bed and godfather 18 for Robert Duval and Naepam in a morning Michael kills Salotso and McCloskey in a godfather 15 Sharon stones crotch shot 11 Forced rush to relate in deer hunters got eight. I never saw that either Was that worth seeing yeah No, is he? I'm trying to think but was it Sydney money might be he might actually be What do you mean he might actually be John deer hunt right? I didn't even see it moving I had pretty damn sure that John Void was in it look at our boner boy. We're looking I saw like ancient ages It's another right here. I'm a winner. Yeah, it's disturbed it just starts out and Vietnam, but it's it's More about them See I can't stand watching it because it is so disturbing You know we brought 55,000 kids back in Bonnie bags. You think you might have learned our lesson Have we learned it now But the polls are starting to show that the public is finally catching on okay when you lie to the public so many times deer hunter Four star four bones Robert and arrow Christopher walkin, Merle Streep John Savage George John that in that gun point John cuz now What's the movie? I'm thinking I would John boy to be at Nam movie Well somebody will somebody will know we don't have we don't have the time It was my 600 page book back on a floor. Okay, try to uh one look at a whole bunch of men You're before want to clap to add on there because once water clock comes it's you know You know what it is it's great is what it is it is gonna be great I'm gonna look forward to playing a lot of good stuff like somebody's things that you already heard this morning That you've been ever even know where they came from where it has that been forgot they existed for gotten memories. That's right Speaking of that if you forgot where your hair was maybe you left it in the drawer in the dresser Can you imagine what walking out there without his muskware one morning wouldn't have been great? I think it's glued on especially since you got a neat little camera anyway Charles half here is designed and Supply here systems to the big shots to low shots little shots and middle shots as well because everybody with a brain knows that this is the best Look in here system at any price. You'll find anywhere the natural hairline system what that means is it looks like real A hair like it's grown out of your scalp in other words if you walked up to somebody never knew you before They'll they'll think it's your real hair instead of like some dead thing that on the top of your head and everybody's laughing and talking about you behind your back all the time You know who I'm talking about don't you? And right now Charlie's offering his summer special hair system only 549 bucks for first-time customers You could look better and younger than you dreamed you ever could again if you already had some kind of a piece You can say 50% on service and repair and all types air systems a food and shampoo and trim and with the experts at Charles off areas They can usually make it look a hell of a lot better too. Here's the deal you got nothing Baby and now here's Kimmy Dean founder of Timmy Dean forks sausage with a few words about new Timmy Dean vagal sandwiches Hello, I'm Timmy Dean You know, I someone had told me a 25 years ago that I'd be making vagals out of said huh? That's due food isn't it but times have changed and I guess I've got to change with them But I don't have to like it you people want your bagels out give you your bagels will a big ol' grease is slab a timid Dean pork sausage I knew Timmy Dean non-coach her bagels sandwiches if you're Jewish you can buy him you just can't eat a new Timmy Dean bagel sandwiches There's a little bit of big it in everybody 45 and the thank you very much John Voitt movie coming home. Thank you wherever facts That's right Let's see Paul says destruction of the USS Enterprise and StarTech three the asserts for Spock Got it we got it horses head the bed is reading by a vote and right what? Rimes horses head and bed After they filled in wood led And here's a fact from Ted in Miami that's actually it said The one see I keep having nightmares about his McColley cock and holding his ugly push and screaming after splashing Would after shave it home alone It said it's similar to most play by play whatever that means because I didn't see home alone because I wouldn't watch McColley cock and it just it's a movie for a little kids, right? Yeah, oh The brain eating scene in Hannibal Okay, was that with it without the phobobines and the key antings Okay, bringing him seen his Hannibal you got it Got it got it going head boy go He looks at a whole bunch more her in this the last few minutes Here's a call from Fort Myers hello You sure hey the scene a personally ruined my childhood was a window boy is head spinning in the exercise Okay, but when he's here Which is so it goes on for like a lot of hours of that, you know Yeah, well she was pulling stuff to but it's surely hung around once completely I guess yeah Well, she spun her head all the way around. It was a real head turner right Yeah, I just killed it for me And we went so and that was no thanks, Pally When you say about mold most should only cropped of food. I thought that's what he said So you got that on there we got it the head tournament exercises when Linda spins it all away around What is there's another one? Highly underrated movie brilliant now who are directed that? I don't know said he'll be Seriously who did direct the exercises? I was really freaky I don't know what it freaking yeah William Friedkins. He just as a came to me. You had an interrupted spoiler for me there. Benny Bob Benny boy Yeah Jesus bring just this finally I remembered something and he like a boot. Yeah, William Friedkin Oh, yeah, I think he ran away with this and they lo me Twenty two we got a tie between Robert Douwell. I love the smell and they pop in a morning and the horses had been bed with Jack Waltz Michael Kills Salotso and McClusby is only got 15 still in third place That was such a fabulous scene where he walked in there with the old fashioned toilet and Tessio explained him about the chain, you know Does make sure it's in or I don't want my brother coming out there with just his thing in his hand We let the loud unportances it scares away any pain He has got it this is not the for real sure I can say dick on his show. No to care about 48 at five 60 W to Q m 5 670 5 60 pound five 60 on a 18 and T line here's Miami. Hello Hey, you know, we got pretty good Full metal jacket The thing where what is your major malfunction right the drill sergeants that introductory have been solved to his troops Okay, and and also the You have a Stanley crew with a cool together to go Directed which Full metal jacket yeah Thanks And restraints for that scene that opening scene of full metal jacket I don't watch you know movie now you don't need to just that one scene I'm not watching I'm not gonna go on by a movie. Oh, well See, okay, I'm not gonna go by that channel. See now you see it listed just my did see I saw the last hour frailty the other night and Okay, we're streamed out of a hell around and I saw frailty's on it. Oh, and I looked at the escape was a mile scene hour of it I would I would definitely go out and get it, but I'm sure I'm not going to do it now to see the first 40 minutes What a run is wait for it to come on again. Yeah. I can't remember if the first 40 minutes were really important to the Yeah, it was fine if you want to see that there are a bunch of religious nutcases out there. I was fine Any of the kid like a kneeled down shut in the basement. I hold thing, you know And kid give y'all were a Sheridan. I'm looking forward down here. I can't find Sheridan She was great them out But at any rate there. It was good was It was okay was good not great Just good Like fargo for example. I still haven't found that although I do love him. Oh, man. What am I? H Macie. Oh, then you're really like a car that I see him in just the other day I saw him in some other flick that I never heard of and I can't think what the name for this. He was great Well, he was great in farco. Oh, I know what it was. He was a movie about anti-Semitism where he got he puts on glancing He buys a pair of glasses I don't know what the name of that movie is and it makes him look Jewish and The Jewish family in the neighborhood the one really Jewish family and the guy runs like a magazine store and whatever new stand and All the red necks in the neighborhood are out to get him and beating him up in everything and they think William H Macie is Jewish You never saw that movie? No, I don't know it. Maybe if you remember this title Well, that's no fun. That's the whole point of this It's the show just how people minded we are just some pantomime. Here's for a lot of nail. Huh Yes, sir Now the red act version even though it is ridiculously long It really is well worth washing now the extra 30 or so minutes Well, he's questions out the story. Much better than you were okay You said you've only been I think you said nauseated by one thing in the middle that we're praying spotting right Have you seen we were soldiers with no distance? No, we are no we are going They're the city of the inventory The burn Huh Okay Thanks a lot, honey. Thank you I'm looking at a polymage mate. See so we don't have to I got to know the name of that movie One moment please See the problem problem with his book and oh it's got it's got directors it's got So many different listen to back that you don't know without your looking at you follow what I'm saying no what oh Here's Ralph Montio so much begin of the reading good stuff Oh Jack McGrowren Allie McGraw whatever have an allie McGraw did she die? No, you sure she just got old no glint or you died in the movie Let's see I'll tell you who turned into a real basketball case was Ryan McNeill The naval kinds of health problems. I'm in Neil crap From love story Any relation to Ryan O'Neill Ryan or well what difference does it make really mates? Focus that's the movie first one on list First one on list focus you never saw that never heard of it no I'm right it down though I mean my list It's I mean not in the same class with Magno here or something like that, but it was pretty good. He's a great actor Yes, I think he had a wife in his movie so I guess it was just before we hit the bars Flash guard wife the hard guy For whom the bell tolls for a love I just want to see focus. I just want to see what it says And you think flash Gordon oh yeah movie review not for a while you may see movie No, I'm gonna go around about two and a half bones on focus based on a 45 the novel by playwright Arthur Miller The Explorge of any semifis of in bigotry yani yani yani where you may see Laura Durn Meet low meetlof was in there You can tell you this is the kind of part he played that guy. Okay, let's get some of these in here for the list here's Miami. Hello Hey, what up how you doing I'm soon is a very good at topic, but I think it's personal you know according to different people because Remember we'll think it'd be like for instance my most level scene I'll move you I've seen the last like two years is the review. You've seen it the last like five minutes on the whole You know Ask to ask senior all that and right when they're doing all that How do you call it all like everything and it's not like once the montage the montage that's the where I was looking for the whole montage It's a music in the background while I was in incredible Yeah, I think yeah, but How it up to see that another memorable scene in the movie for me. I'm always wanting to so I'm gonna say recent movies was when In there's something all very when the tag gets in just on on this pants That whole scene is amazing, but that's the holiday which would be like it was memorable That was really nice especially for him. Yeah. Yeah. That was really memorable Okay, now from old movies I would up to see the whole last And seen from across the blank with some free book on from the plane here's looking at you kids and all that That was a great scene. Okay, got you down. Thanks. You got it down. What? We're not putting cows of blanket down. Oh, he's got these got there. We put the asked to ask and recommend about just the the end montage from Reckwin The end montage Yeah, put the ending montage. That's what I was okay, but we got to get something for Reckwin for Dream Honor And then of course we had people didn't like that too including Miguel I What that is so sad that that child he oh he needs he needs to be hypnotized and be de-brain wash He needs to have his mind purged He was trying to get a hold of you yesterday While you were I guess you had us off and you were playing the record for a dream sound track I guess you were reporting it to how the hell did he hear that? Because we put you in cue to see what you would if I don't have to be turned pot open. You can't hear what I'm playing here Guess again You can I guess so the return pot is so you can hear us I see so in other words. Okay, great. I'll keep that in mind So if he's frogs that you email me if this Because I got the message on here, but it says not no forwarded message attached and there's nothing there And I'm looking at it. I'm not going to grab that Eid and he is screwed in all up again, George George. I just don't know where to did there's no nothing to screw up Well, it didn't come through But I'm because it's an animation of my home Through others a message, but you can't get the message. Okay, what was the most memorable scene ever in a movie where I was gonna Day? Here's what we got so far. Robert do about love this small nap on the morning from apocalypse now 24 horses head and a bed with jackwals from the godfather 22 Sharon stones crotch shot 17 basic instinct Michael kills solet's or McCloskey at the Louise in the Bronx 16 Forest rush and we'll have deer hundred thirteen Michael settles all family business during baptism and a godfather That's already got thirteen we just put it on there. What did I tell you? Yeah, what did I tell you? Ned Bady gets raped in deliverance 11, but he sure had the pretty mouth That was John Boyd What's that? Which on boy had the pretty mouth? Yeah, he's got a real party. I What do you do either cut through sand off empire starts back 10 shark gets on top of the boat and eats captain Quentin jaws nine Uh, I'm as mad as hell a network hard be late Travis vickals you talking to me in taxi driver eight The alien explodes out of the guys chest and alien seven And the show are seen in psychos seven. I'll be before we do this one to two hour I want all though. I guess you know we can we can interspersed in the one to two hour But I just want to take a look at how this hot couple's contest is going and I can't get out of now Now I got it. Okay, we got Maggie in time 139 and Erin and Brandon 1-24 We got a good battle there for first place Alex and Mandy with 50 are in a solid third and Emily and Adam with 20 So we got a house race going on. It's gonna be good But it's the one to two hour They think that you're a zero It is called It is so freaking cold And I cringe every time the wind blows In my pants Something is shrinking I'm so cold. I can't lip-sync Let's be called it zero baby And I cannot feel my toes There's a thing in my fingers And my pride with my friends Oh my nose is about to fall There's a cloud every time that I go in my hands of No We are turning home We might have you dead my thoughts Let's be called it zero baby I can barely move my mouth Oh I'm a red hot lot in love But first I need to be thought out Yes, I need to be thought out That's because it's evil That's it for you all the world loved Harry Potter when the sorcerer is stone and now he's back in theaters and this time He's traded in his one for a 44 magna dirty Harry Potter go ahead punk Cast my spell dirty Harry Potter nothing is as enchanting as a trigger happy sociopath bumping off the bad guys with tough guy catch phrases and a little touch of wizardry a man's gotta know his in-cantation 30 Harry Potter he's making his own rules and cleaning up hot warts academy one Corribin a time I know what you think it did he cast six spells their only five What to say the truth and all this excitement I kind of lost track myself But being this is a 44 magna The most magical handgun in the world and would blow your hand clean on You gotta ask yourself one question Do I feel lucky What do you? Muggle dirty Harry Potter if it's anything like the first Harry Potter film it'll make a fist full of knowledge duty Harry Potter is weighted IQ 13 Sex is to die if we're a crime he didn't come in On the lap he's six to clear his name Me Only though one odd man knows the truth The So read his dear began charge with a violent cross Monster Scaling in my hand. That's Beckley Jilar Where the Lost林 cholesterol as the one more man eat it when strunning And, Charlie Howard, huh? Oh, so good. Let's do it again. Way to go, Paul. Oh, for those nights when you feel like a woman. You're a model. You're a feel like a woman. I feel like a woman. But it makes me feel good. All right. It's just the time for Lady Brute. If you're a tough day at the precinct, I smell like a man. Which I hate? So I splashed on somebody's stuff. You know? And then I get down to the bar. Hey, you got a problem with that? Pondy. Lady Brute. When you see like a woman. Charlie, Chuck K. You want a dance? You're the beggars, eh? Here's Andrew Dice play for Dicerone. Alright, let's say you're eaten. You're sick and the entire of the competitors. And that's all top shit. Do like me, honey. Eat this. Dicerone. Come on, it's almost as simple as you. Put the fucking bag enough. In fact, when you turn on the fucking stove, you think you can manage that honey. Hey, put up thing up. In things done. So, remember. Thank you, Doodle, came to town. Right, not a pony. Stop, go, flair, there are pears. Hey, call this thyserone. Oh, don't. Oh, don't. Don't tap me to the streets. Oh! Oh, there's some. It's a full-flaked liberal. Oh, the bar. Oh, the bar. Oh, the bar. Oh, the bar. This one, dad. I'm ready. Fuck, yes. Hunting the wild, brave, liberal is just one of us. Well, things you can do at George Bush Gardens. Oh, the stars. You want rights? Well, George Bush Gardens had them. There's the pirates of hideover in scandal land. The civil rights carousel. We've got that one running backwards. And, oh, here comes my favorite. Bush Mountain. The world's only flat, rolly coaster. Oh, there's Danny the clown. Oh, no, my fuzz of a yen-oh. What a foe, though. So visit George Bush Gardens. Come wrapped in an American flag and get in for half a place. George Bush Gardens. Every night. Every night. George Bush Gardens. Where everyday seems like four years of interstate 95 in ten of a port. I've got you in the mail today. The bag is for sprouted plain. If you wouldn't look back at me. I said could I see? I found that you were there. The bag like to be used again. I would feel like a child. I couldn't find the bone. I said, I don't mind myself. You, I, I, I, I. She was my mistake. Must have been surprising all the fall of strength. It's a new minute in the zoo. Will you ever push some love? It was all the way to my time to get you started to do the things. I want to. Will you ever push some love? It's about to get me the nasty, floating doors. It's a new minute. I'm moving the girl alone. Will you ever push some love? She was also nice. I was in the face of the film. I was. Will you ever push some love? The axis of evil. You've heard about it, but until now you've only heard half the story. Now you can experience the softer side of evil. When you join the axis of evil fan club. I, I, I, I, I, I, I, not that kind of club Sodom. Oh, sorry. The axis of evil fan club has already been approved by the entire population of France. And when you join, we'll send you an autograph, take by 10 glossy of one of the evil, but lovely wacky natchos who runs around. Dear, in today's best wishes for an untimely dead, you're so very much deserve! Because you're nothing, mama. Ha ha ha! Plus, when you join the axis of evil fan club, the dog eating evil doors of North Korea will include a beautiful axis of evil t-shirt with this peace loving message. Check it out. It says, I joined the axis of evil fan club, and all it got was this lousy t-shirt, so therefore I deserve to die. Ho ho! That's so cool! And best of all, joining is easy. Send no money. Just keep questioning a wisdom of naming names in the war on terrorism and your remember of the axis of evil fan club during today. Absolutely. It's 11.5.60W to few emits are big one to two hours. I'm enjoying it already, aren't you? Why don't you tell you what I'm doing? Oh, but I do have a correction from earlier. Yes, that bit that you played is not the one that I put on the best of. It's the other one where it says it looks just made by the other night. Yeah. Other both sense, they should well. I just want to clear that out. Okay, well, let's, nobody's going to sue you for that. All the way, like, or, like, or, them both equal. I like and repeat a lot. Hey, Ricky. Love you. Two people, two facts, you say, say hello to my little friend at the end of Scarface, so we better get that out as well. And also, good fellows in Joe Pesci, do I am used use where he like, contact the kid? Funny how. Why? That's from that scene. Got it. Got to get those on there? We got it. Okay. Just, you just want to get as many as possible because a lot of people won't vote because, you know, their choice won't be on there. Well, if they're on their fault for not to, you know, calling it in. No, I didn't take as many. I just could take a lot more calls. Or we could have done the one or two are also. But then that would have cheated us out of these great bits. Right. I didn't. What's the point? I want to hear all of this good stuff. I mean, if I'm going to work my answer up, plus the fact that now Miguel is monitoring. Well, what is that all about you? We're doing stuff from Requiem. I mean, he's listening down there. What is that? This thing. He was insulting and trying to get a hold of you saying, take that crap off for that movie that sucks when you're playing with it. Hey, Miguel, bite it. Okay. Here it is. We'd already name much, but bite it. Real hard. What a most memorable Sam going to give you the ones in double digits. Okay. So far. Most memorable scene of movie all time. Darth Vader cuts the Luke Sand off and starts to expect ten. Shower scene, Psycho 10 that got on their late. Ned Bitty gets raped in the liver and 13. Forest, Russian, we'll let in deer hundred, 14. With apologies to a John Boyd who wasn't in it. Michael settles all family business during bad days and that is going to got about 17. Shower and stones, clock shot and basically instinct 18. Michael kills Solotso and McCloskey in the godfather. He starts to piece in the head. 19. Robert Dubell, I love this smell of napalm and morning scene in Pockham's is now 46 and also time with 26. Though horses head and bed would jack walls going to got a father. A dead flat ass tie. How do you like that? I like it. Can't be too bad. Hey, here's a question for you. How are local in those interest rates be going? Now financial group does the limbo rock under the lowest, a fun refinance rate you ever heard of in your life. How low 1.95% it's true. Now you can refinance your homer by new homer get an amazingly low 1.95% financing with an annual group. Collard day and find out what it's all about. Call 1 800 940 Land. That's 1 800 940. L.E. and D if you've been thinking about refinancing with buying wheel estate, call financial group at 1 800 940 L.E. and D. Talk about savings. If you have a 100,000 loan, your payments are a mirror 360 and 68 bucks a month. If you have yourself at 200,000 loan, you pay only 736 a month. What's not to like? So call financial group at 1 800 940 Land. Get you the low low rate you've been looking for for a couponsage. Call 1.95 or call this number 1 800 940 Land. Get 1.95% financing. He's got these numbers in so many times. You could. I can soon from looking at the page. 1 800 940 Land. That's financial group equal housing litter. Credit restrictions apply and rates are submitted change monthly 5.19 apo. 5.006 is 560. 3.008 is your salary. QAM. Steel Rogers on 560 QAM. What do you have? If I ask you to buy my bills. Okay. Just one phone. What do you have on my back? Yeah. You make me feel fine. Huh? Would you wait my whole life? That's a little bit. Would you try to go? If I touch you in a bit. Okay. Would you love? If I come to you. You know why I'm just dying. If I touch you in a bit. I'm not. By your waiting in my hole. To my ears. If I can see you all the way. I know I'm like a special thing. If I'm busy, I'm not busy. If you could find the care right. If I can see you all the way. If I help my whole life. That's a little bit. Oh, darling. You make me feel fine. I'm just being my whole life. Okay. Hope please and make my whole life. I want to give you a kiss for rock on the National Geographic Special. That you're 14 months at sea. Each crystal serves subtle changes in his cruise behavior. As we enter the Saragasosli, I know this dad theory as a movie is wed suit and slipped into apovacative silk teddy with matching French companies. I am a guest. By the entire crew of the clip so as suddenly changed into a pega bulonjare and push up for ideas. Till minutes the season premiere of the Underwear World of Junkestu. The sea is a strange mistlete. And so is my first make joke. Tonight on PBS. It's the old new Leva to Beaver starring Barbara Billingsley. You both on Tony Dough and Clint Eastwood as the Beaver. That journey really got their beaver. I don't see any kiss, beaver. Why do you idiot? It's 14 karat gold. What's that jump there, Seaver? Beaver's got a cool range, you need. Doesn't look like real gold's name. Hey, Julie, bite me. I'm not allowed to buy stuff. I go to an orthodontic. All right, then, Julie, bite this. You only showed her, Seaver. Yeah, you really showed her. America's favorite TV psychic is back with a new dress that is all chill. I'm John Edward. In my new show, I contact the dead until they're relevant. What they're really saying. It's crossing over the line with John Edward. Okay, I'm getting something older woman. Very short, very round, very drunk. I'm getting the name Phil. Oh, my God, that's my mother. She wants you to know that I'm getting your husband is cheating on you. And his mistress, apparently, is not faking it like you do. They're people can see all. And now, thanks to John Edward, they're telling all. They're a p, a p, a pteron, a prox here. Right, right here, right here, right here, yeah, yeah, that's me. Who put it, too? I'm getting it like, I'm a p, you have a dead brother. Yeah, yeah, he says you're not pulling anybody. What? Your whole family knows that you're a proxist. Did I do well at late night at the penalopees, I reckon? Awesome, over the line with John Edward. It's like the Jerry Springer show with a little keyboard. Oh, yeah, yeah, you too, well, building, uh, have a good day of paradise. Okay, they get lost, you f, you f, you're part of me. You, well, David. Yeah, that's right. Star of stage green and paradise. Say, you look like what's jamblin'. That's go, jai, he's real jiblin'. You have a geotetta, so are you? I have to get behind the car. Oh, what? I said, get, get, what do you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you doing? Take it, here's what the monkey dice is. Squeeze, all you want out, or write, so then put the smoke is down here in the garage. Okay, what the, you require of me. I require you drive your pants. Now, now see here, right now, run off the wall, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. You're like it, you're like it, you're like, you're like a man, no, okay, you're on a trunk here. Is that nice? That shit, went over the bottom! Yes, I'm right. Oh, yeah. That's queer like a pig. Queer like a pig, alright. Sweeee! Say, that's kinda nice. I got a move. Wait, where you going? Don't I get a dinner? We're jiblin', keep rey, how it, ta! How you ever had too much flavor, your parents, your offense. I have downloaded things unless they've made it again. Seen go the time I had my eyes on the booth and behind. Sicken the mind, but I used to do that all of the time. Every morning, noon and night, I hit up one of sight. Upon a five-roverted sex leg, oh, in my own right. There were places I found with lots of morning bedships. So my desktop got those gays and eggs. Of twenty gigs, until one day my mother discovered this will be porn. Oh, love a kiffy-brice, but behind told me my mind's in the gutter. And she told my dad about this stuff on my cell. On computer, maybe a loser, and hit lessy and hell. I'm sorry, mama. I never thought that you could be who. All those naked girls and guys, so tonight, I'm cleaning up my hard drive. One more time, I'm sorry mama. I never thought that you could be who. All those naked girls and guys, so tonight, I'm cleaning up my hard drive. Coming up tonight, I'm inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. We take a good hard, stiff look in the start of it. When a woman has only one hit song, she can either give up the business and work in retail, or simply marry Paul Simon, and give a big, you to the world, way to go, either break out. Well, I remember when I first recorded what I am. I've been playing the clubs with my band, the new Bohemians course, and well, Yeah, that's really interesting, you eat it. So what's Paul's son and like in the sack? What? It seems like God had been mad as you know, but sometimes those short and erotic guys have a pretty decent package. Look, could we add a respect to talk about music? Okay, I'm sorry. Let's talk about music. Okay, thank you. That Paul Simon sure is some songwriter. I love you, can call me out. Hey, hey, look, cut that out! You're right, Edie. I'm sorry. Let's talk about you. All right, then, as I was saying, one of the fucking brilliant ideas. I mean, you have one hit. You can tell your career is going down the tube. So what do you do? You bang a legend. My hats off to you, babe. You know what? I'm going to sue you, people. Tell the truth. As Garfunkel ever come over for a three-way. Go to hell! Edie, we're killed. It's so easy to catch it off. It's a big juicy, stopping what look at show business tonight on inside the behind. Hey there, quote on my pants. If three, jam it, move the granite renal. And I am hot, man. I am peored. Just plain all hand off. What name a sim, he'll have in is what I want to know. First they did trouble with dangling chance. Now they got these touch screen jobies that don't work worth a crap. I think they got them from Jet Blue. They're some of them hold ones. They use the play electronic pull-ground. I mean, having the bestie, this is voting it serious. I know that after the recap, I will beat a victor. Actually, let me clarify. I will still beat Janet. But I also beat victor. Capit. I got hit by mine to get my red Toyota 4x4 picked up and hit down Havanna. A load of some locals and put this thing over the tap. The biggest problems were indeed in Broward counties. Two of my strongest areas. I mean, I personally slept below for 4,000 men and women in most aforementioned areas, which should have secured me certain victory. But instead, I had to put a whole ski on my new victory party. The hammers and nails I'm freaking. Not to mention in the middle of this whole mess of crap. One of my beans went bad on me. I'll beat you dollars to donuts that little bastard alien Gonzalez had something to do with this. Either that or that damn arena. I never bought him that whole ice-a-flunter glove-dealy bad. You ain't heard the last from Janet boobs and granted Reno Florida. That's for damn sure. Speaking of LA, we haven't heard sister Jean in a Koenzei-Gi-Di, you know? No, I'm Joseph. And maybe coming up. 1,27, I'll see you on a movie pool. What the most memorable movie scene of all time. 30,30. 3,30. 4,30. 4,30. Horses head and bed would check Walt's in a godfather 30. Robert Dubella loved the smell of something in the morning, mepon. I also got 30. Top 5, 3 of them are from the godfather. Ready for that? Michael Siddles, all family business during the baptism got 24 already. That went on for a late. Sharon Stone's crotch shot 20 in base against me. And Michael kills so lots of McClasski. Wanna we're enjoying a delicious meal? As got 20. If you're in a dead end job as college may be too expensive and you certainly don't have four years to wait for a life to come along. If you can afford 10 bucks some other commit yourself to 3 nights a week for 4 months, fast-trank it up you achieve a new high-paying computer career. That's right. Just 10 bucks a month and 3 nights a week for only 4 months for individual Sukhuala 5. So call our friends at fast-trank. They'll give you all the details with the obligation called 86 fast-trane. And because they got four locations in South Florida there's bound to be one close by you. There are Miami-Cendal-Temper Pines in now and four lot of AL as well. Fast-trane offers day evening we can schedule, stop placement hands-on training. So call fast-trane today and talk to a train career counselor. One 86 fast-trane will be amazed at how much cash you can start rick it in real soon. Fast-trane's deferred payment is valid for a year. Regular payments apply thereafter. Whether you're a high school student on summer break. Some of the other underpaid at dead end job like Biner Boy. Just looking at them in Chris unit worth. All fast-trane today, toll-free. One 86 fast-trane will be sure to tell the Todd record to make that call. Or check them on the worldwide wickedweatherfast-trane.com. We're sports-reniall-fice-sour. UAM. Check it, pants. The first time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time that I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen a last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen one last time I've been seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time they've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've had a last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've worn the last time. I've worn the last time I've worn the last time I've worn the last time. I know it's not happy about a pro-class damn happy that you didn't get it wrong The string is swinging on a shaking fountain from a boat That ain't back for 85, that's how it's done Every five years, 13, the next mission, 13, the next mission The next mission, the next mission, 13, the next mission The next mission, 13, the next mission, the next mission The next mission, the next mission, the next mission The next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission The next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission The next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission The next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission The next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission The next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission The next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission The next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the next mission, the mission, the next mission, the mission, the mission, the next mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, the mission, The mission, You can't forgive me, I'm mad But I might use it as a face problem I can't fool you So, go, so, so, so, so, so I can't fool you I can't fool you So, in my crevants I can't fool you So, I can't free-lay No constriction Meals of God See you around your favorite blood What have I got no place And I got no principles And I got no intelligence And I got none of my mind Two, so, so, so, so, so, so And I'll wear that All right I'm, it's both, so, so, so, so Okay Fine! Fine! Fine! Well, right now it's the fact that Funny with my phone I lick Not sure if the phone was connected Well, maybe the phone was connected there, Lexi Mandy and Natalie and Adam 32. For Adrian, I'm sorry, sorry, Adrian. Yo, Adrian and Rich and Cheryl got 31. I keep thinking trying to persist in persistence will pay off some day. You know what I'm saying? No, what? I don't know. How's being a boy? Is he gone, you know what? He's got a continuing tattoo. I don't know if you're going to get a lot of there. So when I'm dumb and stuff, later on, I wonder if a being a boy's list of them. When I'm dumb, not that I really care what their business is. Make, maybe I'll do like a little miniature show in the middle too, just in case. That'd be great. What a shmuck man, I can't believe it. Talk about too much time on your hands. So maybe I'll be okay if it had asked me if you were still around. And I told them, well, I don't know if you can. But then see. Well, what the hell did he want? I say, he said he told you today. He wanted a date, damn it. My luck. You know what I'm saying? All these years. What time is it now? He's not that good. Believe me, I can walk outside right now, Miguel. Hey, to break the news, just sweet. Are you old me? You know what I'm telling you? What is it? He's off today anyway. Oh, I've been his off. When time comes to have your carpets look and just like brand new, you want to have him dry clean. And the only people in the world do that, like good friends, it dry concepts. Over 20 years they've been doing my carpets. In fact, a week ago, two days, they were my house and the rumor is that they did a spectacular job as always. Dry concepts and everyone carpet cleaning company for a long time in town. The only one like I said that dry things your carpets because it's an exclusive pad that method that sucks out the deep down dirt and makes your carpets look and spell and feel just like he had brand new laid. And right now, dry concepts are for you, which has to say 15% on your next carpet cleaning. Just call dry concepts to all free. 1-800-248-507-1-S to be put on their stand by list. And then dry concepts will call to the next 10-0 opening their schedule. Just like when you're flying stand by it's the same kind of a deal. If you're available when they have an opening, they'll not 15% off the price. So call dry concepts that an SV put on their stand by list. They might even have an opening for you. On the same day, you call and that will save you 15% off the already outstanding low price of the job and speak in a price don't forget they give you a guaranteed written price before they start the work. So call them today they'll never let you down for a stupidious job and have in your carpets and drape me in a post-ree. Look at just like brand new. Call dry concepts in 1-800-248-507-1-S. I can tell where you end and I begin. My skin is your skin. We are one. Is that I who dealt it or you who smelled it? Where it wasn't me. Was it? Was not. Calvin Klein's repulsion. Ah, this is menorist. And they held the league of retired students code their audition, green onion dl. Don't make fun. If they weren't every hard riddled or a good start, Ludsreal will drink. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. Do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. And, for the future found a political life, got you down. And, for the Christmas, so smart enough, and you find Americans also stupid, and their President's got. And you know it's time to move our world. Two hundred thousand troops have now been sent by the US with 50,000 British troops in place. The coalition now has called the countries for less. And 15, don't want to give their names. The Prime Minister will soon be asked for like these two days. This job is done so I know she can't. I've been seen with a collier group and we believe they will be. The light for Mr. Tony Blair. The coalition stand to our job back for the attack. As a share with some poor and they're good faith. And with no career in the area at the course of Pakistan, our credibility goes right away. If the order of the collier group John H. J. will be there, with Mr. Blair designed in what you think. We have a lovely, but fair, pungous, rint and pung tea. Or would you like some of my stalker, Dick? The young son of the same, the young son of the same. The young son of the same. He says, we know, we know just what you're doing. Look at the side of the city. It's been a very night before. A very night before. Shut up, you're the bunch of news. All side of you can't you. You can't you. He's got some business boy, head to you. And he's loved to buy my rock. Back into the middle of the age. He's loved to. He loved to love to love to love to. Your job you is the president. He is the president. He's the president. He's the congress wants to do it to play. What? To explain? They say, what did you want to do? What did you think you want to do? You said, we're gonna think about going to take them out. I've been in school and staying up. Side of you, love you. You're the bunch of news. He's so sent you to the end. He loved to buy my rock. Back into the middle of the age. He's loved to. He's loved to love to love to love to love to. He's loved to love to love to love to love to love to. You're the president. Five, sixty. WQAM presents the OPNM. OPNM presents you. With Mo Howard David. This is OPNM. And I'm Anthony. You're waiting for me to dance me with a low voice. Oh. Yeah, you got the affected boy. Okay. Hi Anthony. Yeah, I hope he and let's not forget our old pal Mo Howard David. Yeah, I was wondering how long we'd take for you to punch the gutter round for me. I really hit the big time. Yeah, I am with the OPNM. Hey Mo. What? Yeah, we're gonna rape you now. You got a big fed me. This is a family show. Ah, wrong. This is the gop on Anthony show. They're command strapped. Put your guys only to that in church. Hey. Get out of there. Get out of there. That's like a mess. I'm not holding such my delicate self-tender. Oh. Why does everybody want to rape me? Why does we think it's funny? That's why. Yeah. Got a nice back. I got no sph, you're probably. I'm still sph. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh. Oh. I got a sandside opening. Oh. I want the red ball. And I'm for this. All right, my open white for junkie. It's gonna give a no, Joey. Okay. Open white for junkie. I, that's right, Anthony. Okay. That's, that's. Yeah. You're a little bit. No, you're a little bit. No, you're a little bit. No, you're a little bit. I should have done. Okay. I'm ready for some sph, you will love. You know, because you're a little bit. You're not squashed me now. Yeah. I really saw it. That's a basic by now. I don't know. I will. Okay. That's not a way, though. It's not a way. Thanks. What? You're just gonna leave me here. It will be right back. I'm 5. 6th. Absolutely. See the nice way I chopped that at the end? Nice. Oh, well. Nothing's perfect. 151 at 5. 60 WDQ. I got a good vandal there. What was the most memorable movie scene of all time? Robert Duval. I love the smell of the something in the morning. From a apocalypse now, I gotta go out there and get there right now. 33. Horses head and the bed would jack walls. I'm a guy five of the 31. Michael settles off. Family business during the batas in 25. But it's moving up there fast. Sharon stones. Crotch shot 23. And Michael kills Solatsurma. Kioski. Louis. 21. Everybody else under 20. Got it. 8 minutes till 2. We got the man dog today. 2. We got close to a real schedule today for most of the day. Mad dog at 2. Hank it for. 7 o'clock. You got the big. Oh. And we got the major league. But all star game eight o'clock tonight. And he came follows the baseball game. Joe and Mark overnight. Two to five and a. And they newly reside. More Howard David. At the five and a. Yeah. That's a movie. How many more years do you think he's going to want to get up by three o'clock in the morning? Not third man. I want to tell you. Great place anytime. Anyway, the M.O.C. Chinese buffet. Get the whole gang together real soon. Get everybody any orphans together. All your families, relatives, friends, whoever. Strangers off the street. Head for the M.O.C. because I guarantee you want to leave there with a big smile on your post and you'll be good. Zutton. Because they say in red China. They got three locations for it. They're in sunrise. New York. And we each in Louis. Located in Pembroke. Pines. Stared up by train one or two or three or all other six great. Suifs. And then try a whole bunch of fantastic. Onteries. Not just a real stuff. The whole country of Steg made order. At the Gorma Center that's their sizzling Asian grilled featuring grilled shrimp scampy style. Jumbo scallops wrapped in bacon and their new seafoods change. Yacht. If that isn't enough to keep you full. Try the new Dungeons Scrab in ginger and scallions. Handcar. Primer. Cooked order. Just the way you like it. And the new Oriental chicken salad. Don't ever forget. What sets them apart from all the other Chinese restaurants. They don't use any MSD. No cornstarch. No crab. And they cook only with cholesterol. Frearals at the airport. And if you have any room left at the end. Full desert station featuring pies and cakes, pastries ice cream, larger favorite toppings. And fresh fruit as well. A perfect ending to a gigantic pickup. You'll find the Amal Coast in sunrise, Pinella, to 44th Street. There aren't columns out of just 1.6. 3rd North Miami Beach and the intersection of Flningl and Pebra Grodes in Pembroke Pines. Let them do the cooking for it. The Amal Coast. Take out delivery available to call 954-5723822. 954-5723822. For info on the Unbeatable Amal Coast Chinese buffet. Why do you look all over? We're sports video 560-U.M. First there was Ben and Jerry. Now there. Something new. Hi, I'm Neil. I'm Bob. Have a taste. Yes, new Neil and Bob's gourmet ice cream. What exciting new flavors? Like, funchicles surprise. Blueberry and sorbet-hind. Neil and Bob's gourmet ice cream. Have a live. The Middle Eastern World. We'll be exploded to Donna people guild with the gas that we sold in. First time a crescer nation and the only one that's going. Now more blood will be spilled. To get that oil flowing. Forget about Korean. The noots there toast you've had. You've never were right. We just really get over and over and you are it. And it ragged as so. Memphis of past destruction. 3,000 people filled. Our now forgotten. Let's exploit them instead. Hey, there's oil to be caught. Going after sit down too. Plank Kato Sama. There's no longer mention of. The name been ladden. But no one seems concerned. All. I'll be in complacent. Believe in every word of this cartel of administration. I control this by fear through me and the manipulation. And the right. We just really get over and over and you are it. And I ragged as so. We're in the past destruction. The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now. Not the ash property. I have nothing to hide. Table partners all are saying. I know be the entangled don't have. And the reservations. Out of provoked Babylon. World annihilation. Old regime must fall. And how a virgin it's no. With no objection at all. Chemograph don't have a fall, can't love. Right. We're in the building. Over and over. To a parade watched. I ragged as so. We're in the past destruction. Only I ragged as so. We're in the past destruction. Courtes hit the bed. Backlots cartel. One more. We got a battle going on there. And not too bad of a battle on a hot couple contest. Not as tight as it was. But it's fairly tight. If you catch my group. Maggi and Tom 166. Aaron and Brandon 139. Alex and Mandy 53. And Natalie and Adrian. You're way dwind got 34. Not too bad on 18 couples. Don't. Not too bad. Mad dogs come up next to you. I love eating nuts. You're gay.