Aaaah!!! Tututututututuiiii oh.....yeah I am old and crumpy But try to wonder stand And I have a problem Because I can't use my hair I only have one hair I only have one hand I'd like to take my pen and stick it Inside is my high comfort Prepare something I can't hide I can't hide I can't hide So please Well for me I'm cranky bitter old thing No And if you You'll make one of me I'll slap you like a man But only with my good hand I only have one hand Oh I only have one hand It's 902 at 5.60WQ I'm happy Monday to you How come I'm here like an echo in the back today Is there something new in it? I'm going on that I don't know about I don't know about everything's off I'm off as a matter of fact That our website is all screwed up Our website screwed up everybody I just mentioned that in passing all that we do We do have 17 11 votes over the weekend on the pull Including many of them real ones But it must be that deliverer And I should have saved the facts From that guy who admitted screwed up the key-west Miami we up whole that day last week Cause it must have been him again He must have gotten lonely last night Great Great Great now I've tell you right now Grace Kelly was the winner, you're not fooling me even though it says on their Marilyn Monroe. 1711 votes and you realize that we had that if you missed a poll. Who is or was the most beautiful actor on TV or in a movie? Two people didn't get any votes, already young being one who didn't deserve it in the first place in a guy from, was it sunrise? That old fart that called it with that? Okay. Here he don't have no computer, he's over the age of 100, in fact he may not be with us today. And Jane Russell didn't get any. Which I guess we just don't have the correct demographic for that. They don't remember Jane with her big, macho look and those big gigantic breasts. Yeah, and how it uses that's a who's good about four. All those bra spots? And we'd better play Wonderbrot on a regime. But she didn't get any votes out of over 1711 votes to get zero. That's pretty evil, you know? It says Merlin, then row 147 Grace Kelly 144, but that's not correct. Grace Kelly 147 Merlin and row was second. I'm not even sure that. Rack Hell Well, 97, Sophia Loren 86, Hallie 384, and then it's way on down. Those were the contenders right there. Should I read all the other ones? Yeah. And I get outta here. The Santa Caza computers are website screwed up. They were not going to be doing a poll. Sorry about that folks, no poll today. But I'm sure we'll get tons and tons of great calls. They'll be called about the bees are bees are bees are bees are. And about a great piece on 60 minutes last night. What a, that was a piece all right, a piece of crap. Sell them in my life. I'll read the rest of the results when I feel like it. Sell them in my life have I ever seen anything so overhyped as that piece of garbage last night. And because George didn't see it, are you ever in luck this morning? I taped it special. Oh, the shit hooked special. And he said, call everybody with a party started. They Clinton dole party. You know, this is so much like everything else on TV. They hype it up. It's going to be great. It's going to be really controversial. It was about as controversial as a fog farting in the wind, you know? It's terminal. And what they're going to do this proves that up. I have no idea. But you people, the CVSI is weeping from this episode last night on 60 minutes. Senator, don't, if there is military action in Iraq, victory will probably come quickly because we're stronger in Iraq as weaker than in the 1991 Gulf War. But it won't be cheap. The conflict in rebuilding Iraq afterward will cost many billions. We're already running big deficits. Thanks largely to the huge tax cut two years ago. Nearly half of which went to the top 1%, like you and me. Now when we're cutting back on everything from home land security to education, and with Iraq still the pay for, your party wants another big tax cut. Never before we had a big tax cut in times of national crisis. Lincoln didn't. FDR didn't. With over 200,000 young Americans in the person Gulf, we shouldn't. It's wrong. And it's bad economics. Mr. President, two of the most dangerous words in English language are either or. Just a week ago, critics were saying United States could fight either al-Qaeda or Saddam Hussein, but not both. Tell that to Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, the terrorists we just captured. Mr. President, this is a different kind of war. This is global. A water protect American lie and preserve the American way of life. Which means, among other things, they're freedom to save and best our own money. Instead of Washington taking it from us, only in Washington is an investment when the government spends your money. And for President Bush to practice the economics of either or, without only invite political attack from your friends who wanted job, he would risk winning a battle and losing the war. We're approaching a $400 billion deficit, and you're the ones saying either are. Either victory in Iraq and tax cuts, are home land security, education, keeping social security and Medicare strong. Leadership is about choosing. So, let's give up our tax cut. With all the respect Mr. President, much of our current problem with the meat trace of the economic hangover of the 90s, the Bush tax cut is barely kicked in, but I'll tell you what. I'm blindly don't hate my tax cut to where the charity, if you will. Maybe even to the Clinton library. Wow. Was that simulating or what? How was that exciting television? Good. You're going to say that tape for me, right? So I can watch it as well. I'm going to save it for the whole of shame. I'm saving it for Postery. If you'll notice, there was like a little click in it at one point. Did you notice that? No. Well, that's because I came to my, because I thought it was done. I thought, you know, and then they come back for another 15 seconds of peace. 15 seconds. Wow. First of all, they're not even like side by each. They're not even in the same room. Mm-hmm. So I mean the idea that there's any debate going on. Secondly, what else anybody going to say in 45 seconds, then do a rebuttal in 15 seconds. Leave it to 60 minutes. You know, otherwise such a great show. Although I was frosted at the mouth about that thing. They did on doctors. You didn't see the show at all. Last night, I saw the thing on the gutter and then I, I don't know something. The gutter was great. That was terrific. Now there is a model. That's the role model we could set up for all of our good friends over there. We should like force it out. I mean, I would like we try to do it in the rack. Right. We can put it down by force, right? And then they had this peace on doctors. The poor doctors in the old lawsuits and all the other crap. And of course, the experiences I've had with doctors all my life. I have no sympathy for doctors whatsoever. I mean, when you're really sick and you know, you need a good one if you can find one. But good luck to you, especially in South Florida. Doctors generally speaking suck. So whatever evil, whatever happens to most of them, they deserve it. They brought it on themselves by blurturing people by making grow test mistakes. And by also not the colleague in prescriptions, what are supposed to be doing it? Yeah, I'll just mention that in case anybody could leave like clinics listening. God, are they frost my ass? I mean, if they're not going to do something for you, tell me you're not going to do it. Don't give me a son. Okay. I'll take care of it. And then don't call it in. Just leave me hanging here. You idiots. You assholes. God. Don't ever even if you have like a a perky, a cockatoo. Don't ever take it to the Cleveland clinic. Okay. I just mentioned that in passing. This is my message for you asshole. You know, so I'm talking at God. Anyway, so on the pool, let's see, a Halleberry 84. Ashley Judd 49, Elizabeth early 49, Barbara Eden at 46. Remember the one guy that called that time we were talking about Barbara Eden for whatever reason? I'll never ever forget it. And he said, oh, Neil, your way off face, no head of a sexual mail, whatever consider her sexy. And I thought to myself, I mean, what are you talking about? That was the whole draw that show was the fact that she was with her naval, where they're going to let the naval hang out or not. The guy that said that obviously was not a heterosexual. He was some kind of a fag. Oh, he was. Liz Taylor 43, Katherine Z. The Jones 41 followed by Bowed Derek, Alyssa Milano, Bridget Parto at 37, Heather Lockler 36, Denise Richards, your choice 35. You beat me out. I had Jordan and Brewster at 29. But I wanted to 29. I know it anyway. Huh? I wanted to change my boat after some of those names came in. I didn't know that. I didn't know that. Charlie, Sterren 35 Jennifer Conley 34 along with Natalie, Wooden Sophia Vergara 34, Michelle 533, Audrey Hepburn 32, last night, Guess what movie was on? And I can't have a button. Uh huh? Speaking of Audrey Hepburn? Yes. I don't know that. The blood where she's with, what was she's a blind lady? No. Audrey Hepburn with William Holden. And who else is in that? I can't sure. Oh, never saw it. And I'll say that she had a beautiful face, but she must have waited about 85 pounds. Right. So can we not be happy? Like a bird lady. Yeah. How could she be the most beautiful actress ever? I mean, yeah. And then we had all these feelings. Several calls about that too, but Audrey Hepburn. I don't know why. Nice face. No body. Not a bad body. Just nobody. Maybe she would just be a good head. She's dead. Jackie Johnson 30, Jordan, a Brewster 29. That pisses me off. Okay. See, that's the local element. And they don't have any identity who Jordan and Brewster is. Nope. You're lost. Not mine. You're lost. All you heteros out there. All those of you who claim to be heteros like that guy. I would talk about Barbara Eden bad. Screw you, pal. Angelina Jolie 25 and S. Williams 22 and the Carter 21 and Margaret 19. Brooke Burke 18. Oh, this let's go on too long. Too many. Christian Crocodile 16. Ty would Jennifer Lopez. What a joke that is. This thing you just put Jennifer Lopez's ass on Kristen Croch's body. She'd have trouble walking. Pamela Anderson at 13 George. How do you like that? Please. They can take a favor. All 13. She was tired with Jacqueline Smith. And Ursula Andres had 14. Kim Novak had only eight. Isabella Rosalini had seven. See, I feel bad that I'm not reading all of these because our websites grew up in. I know what tough, tough crash. Just too many. It's too ponderous. I don't want to add that. And I'm sure a lot of our people on the audience love that thing. We're Clinton and Dolas. If they did, we're going to come to your house and arrest you. One of the USA, pay for you an act immediately. Not sooner. Under the mentally deficient act. What a piece of garbage. And as usual, like I said, they are hyphet and hyphet. No, it's going to be really great. And of course, they're only questioning. Should an ex president do that. Well, I don't have any problem with the bubble doing stuff like that. Or anybody else. It's a different era. But at least if you're going to do something, do it where you can actually get on there and say something. Has anybody been? He was out with King. He was out with Paula. He's been out with everybody in their brother. Bob, a monster, right? Yeah. As far as Dolas concerned, what is he going to be on? It's going to be exciting at all unless he starts punching him with his, uh, Gippy hand. Unless they're going to go fist fight. I'd watch that. And the problem is that's not going to happen because they like each other. That then's never going to happen. They're good buddies. So that's, you know, contrived crap. Very sad. Very disappointing CBS. I don't otherwise great show. You know, I'm watching that first segment on Cutter, which you notice now they're not going to get a little more right. Cutter or Qatar. Yeah, I'm watching that. And I'm thinking boy, this show is so great. You know, and here's a show that actually is really good and it pull worthwhile crap on or most of the time. And it gets big ratings and you know, I said the rare exception. And then they come up with a piece of contrived crap like that. Shame on you, Don, you it. The ain't no faster, he would. I'll tell you that. I'm 13 at 5, 60 W to Q AM. You still reluctant about ordering a bet over the phone. No idea what you're waiting for. It's the only smart thing you might do in this category. Over a million people, a bottomat for so far, from Dallama Cruz. I've done it. George has done it. And Gell has done it. Hundreds more are doing it every week. We talk about Dallama Cruz every day. And nothing's got a bigger impact on your life every day. They're getting a great night's sleep. So call 1-800-MATEE-T-RES right now. And you'll have a sensational night's sleep from Dallama Cruz. They carry the best mattresses in the university. Got them all. Seally, service, him and King Quar, their resize every style. Dallama Cruz is right. Number 1 in customer satisfaction. They've got more repeat and referral customers than anybody else because they know how to treat their customers right. Once you buy a mattress in Dallama Cruz, you'll never go back to a show where we're getting it ripped off. And don't forget when you buy a mattress in Dallama Cruz, they take away the crappy old betting and set up your new one for free. That's correct. Dallama Cruz sets up the new one and takes away the old crappy smelly betting for free. So might the call right now to Dallama Cruz and enjoy a great night's sleep tonight and for weeks and months and years to come. The 1-800-MATTRES for Dallama Cruz, the easiest possible way to buy a great new name brand mattress at an unbeatable price. So headed by the talented solar power fueler can we judge it now? Push it to the solid but f*** up. Push it to the solid but f*** up. Push it to the solid but f*** up. Push it to the solid but f*** up. If they don't succeed this proper free time, three thousand miles above the up edge. Push you brain wash, f***ing. Push it to the solid but f*** up. Push it to the solid but f*** up. Push it to the solid but f*** up. Push it to the solid but f*** up. Push it to the solid but f*** up. Push it to the solid but f*** up. Push it to the solid but f*** up. Push it to the solid but f*** up. 9-19 at 5-60 WKOM. So our website screwed up we apologize profusely but we won't be putting a new pull up on here today. We should give you a chance to vote for Marilyn Monroe 2-300 more times. We'll just leave it up there Dallama and we'll work on a new one. We'll just be going to be the see our stage or the show today. Couple of whistle we took a poll about things people want to show and coming in dead last. I mean with almost no votes. Pools with a lot of choices you know putting together a pull and we've been doing that for several days and row because quite frankly that's the only thing we get a response to one is show. When it requires just a name. I'm a good guy now. He was really beautiful and that's the limits of our audience. And so you know it's easy like a bitch says it's a cop out it's a real easy to piece of cake. You know the listening audience hates it like poison but the people did it on our poll and the people had called them and say those things they love it right yeah so it's easy. We don't give a crap. Van Dries worked to resign over racial slur the bees are see what makes this story even worse. And I didn't hear any I didn't hear too much of this morning show for obvious reasons. But the reason that they missed a big point is that it wouldn't have been nearly as bad it was still a bit bad. I suffered the fact that here's the guy who like became a born again a religious nut. When he first came to the panthers he wasn't one of those but then as time or on he became kind of like Gary Carterish you know always peddling the fact that he was in fact I don't even think he pedal to as much as Gary Carter. Oh sorry, remember that's right he's in New York anyway can't hear it. John Van Bries work will read an alamazcus so the fact that our website is that means that all those five or ten people that we have will listen around the country can't hear us today. Right I don't know what do you think Carlos he doesn't know either. What do you think Carlos? He doesn't I don't know either. Well, why can't he say that why are you are you. We don't like he was clean across the room put the stories in and actually the father had a hairy was clean in the room. Is that we do just said he was clean in the room. He was clean in the kitchen. Yeah, I bet he was and somebody might. Hmm. Back to him anyway John Van Bries work a resigned as director of hockey operations and coach of the Su Samory Greyhounds. After acknowledging last night he referred to the Ontario hockey league teams black captain Trevor daily as a nigger on Friday night. This is at the Toronto Sunday day. I used the inward instead of using Trevor Van Bries work told the Su star after coaching the hounds to a five three win against the Windsor Spitfire's last night. I used it and I just wasn't thinking I don't know where it comes from I have no answer for that it was stupid. I plan our resigning as early as today. It's the only thing to do. I don't want to embarrass anybody anymore. Evidently he used the word repeatedly. Over and over again. Yeah. We legally left the club on Saturday and went to his home in Toronto after being informed of and be's bro sure by teammates. Van Bries broke a board again Christian. Use the slurme refer you daily during meetings with other players and Friday night after the team lost six to one of the glove storm. In other words, behind his back. Early this is our good board again Christian John Van Briesbrook which I heard so much this morning about I such a good guy. I got it. Early yesterday Van Briesbrook was quoted on the team's website as saying he snapped but there was no much in a resignation yesterday but now he says bye bye. Van Briesbrook's resignation will not lead to an automatic return to the team by David Van Briesbrook on 25% of the club and is unsure of what his future holds in that respect. It's something we have to discuss there in Ferris and Agent of Daily's who works for the or hockey group said a return is one option for Trevor. Bobby or his agent by the way. Away till commissioner David Brant said last night he received a phone call from Van Briesbrook was informed of the latter's intention to resign. The situation still wants to look by the league at all that tells in the fact that Brant who's scheduled with daily today. I'd like that be'ser. Be'ser. For again Christian. Be'ser. No wonder certain people I know didn't like him at all. I always I'm talked to him a couple of times. This always very nice to me very cordial seem like kind of a low key guy he called the show before. Did he really years ago when used to do those hockey shows remember the geyser called a show you may like voluntarily. Yeah. How do you like that but let me say it again born again Christian using the end word. Behind this guy's back that makes it again compound all three of those things he's having a meeting with the rest of the team and well that kniggered it this and y'all he had an honest just unacceptable these okay it's acceptable according to the Bible. Is that what it says? Sure. We call it slave. And that's racist in word. No. Sorry. By the way a little info. Yes. But info from our computer wizard Carlos who says. By the way, the people that can't get on the new Rogers some people can some people will be able to. Most of the can't. We'll be able to listen on wqam.com. Oh, how do you like that? But how are they going to know that? I know. What a moron. Man, you just. What you've been hanging around with Eric too long. I think is your problem. What idiot. That that what you know what that would be like. It would be like if the transmitter went off. And you said. So we made it. And you're us now. He's listening because we'll be back on later as soon as the transmitter. What? We'll be temporarily rebroadcasting on 790. Oh my god. Maybe they're listening now. Oh, wait. So those of you who can't hear me right now go to wqam.com and you can hear the audio. Oh, well, no, and that is a good idea because there are people in the local area who get where lousy radio reception inside and do listen on the internet. You were that? Yeah. Well, I'm just telling you right now. So like I said, it was a various dude comment by. Little beiner boy. Thank you. 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Let's see these phones light up like a honic of voice today. Baby, you watched there. We're putting them to the test on a Monday. No less, right? Sure. What do you say and sure on a Monday, which is impossible for them. But they have to come through for us today because the website is screwed up. We're not going to be sitting here doing one of those stupid polls today where people call it and say, I'm a gardener. And why not pick on Eva Gardner? Did she have enough source being married to Frank Sinatra? Right. And they're both dead anyway. Here's our only call. It's from Parkland. Hello. And you're all you doing? I want to tell you how the, I watched the 60 minute show last night also. Yeah. And I guess one of the comment about how this retarded ape that we have in the White House could solve this so-called malpractice insurance crisis that we're having. Yeah. We'll take them about five minutes. All they have to do is institute the English form of justice. Wherein where if you sue a doctor, for example, and you lose, you pay the doctor's medical experience. There are two illegal fees. Because what causes most of these so-called frivolous lawsuits to be filed is that the people filing them, they have nothing to lose. If you go to court and you find a jury that's stupid enough to buy your argument, you're in line for, as they said last night, on the broadcast, an average of $4 million a verdict. And if you lose, well, you know, you have, has it cost you anything because your lawyer is taking it on a contingency fee. The lawyer's risking maybe 20 grand worth of expenses versus a fee of a million and a half dollars. So it's worth rolling the dice. Yeah. But in the English system, if I sue you and I lose, I have to pay your legal expense. Sure. I like it. So that would be a lot easier than saying somebody who has taken their child, for example, to a doctor and brought a healthy child into his office and taken a child out of that office. That will require millions and millions and millions of dollars of lifetime medical care because some idiot doctor was drunk or something. Right. Through the kid up, you'd only get a maximum of $250,000. That is so unfair as- It is not acceptable. It's outrageous. Unfortunately, the reason why this logical system will not ever work is because this idiot in the White House, there's no way for him to get any campaign contributions from it. If there was somebody he could sell out to, then maybe he might have killed him. Hey man. Okay. Thanks. Thanks too much, sense. Don't anybody a defendant, doctors to me, man, because as far as I'm concerned, 95% of martial arts and vs. fishers to the rest of us, I'll like to tell you. Just a, uh, slack, it's become real slack, man. 927 at 560 WQMD have $2,000 more on a credit card. If so, listen. Devitated consumer counseling will help you and it will cost you nothing. That's right. It'll cost you absolutely nothing. Devitated is a nonprofit company that will contact the company's U.O. money to and they'll cut your payments in half. Call 1-800-4-Node-DET. That's 1-800-Number-4 and the letters N-O-D-E-V-T. 1-800-4-Node-DET. Devitated will help you cut your interest rate eliminate late fees and save your credit will cost you nothing. The bank pays debitated, you pay nothing. So if you're tired of battling credit card debt, call Devitated at 1-800-4-Node-DET. Call and fight out how Devitated can help you. You got nothing to lose. If you've had it with credit card debt, high interest rates and late fees, call Devitated consumer counseling and they'll handle it from there. Call right now 1-800-4-Node-DET. Remember it costs you nothing. 5-800-Node-DET. Devitated will cost you nothing. 5-800-Node-DET. Devitated will cost you nothing. 4-800-Node-DET. What's up, Captain? New this fall, I'm Fox. It's a late night talk show unlike any other you've ever seen. The king of pop smuggles into his king-sized bed with warm milk and cookies and interviews some of Hollywood's hottest young celebrity. Hey, I think I can't see it. And no, this is Michael Jackson in bed with an Oscar nominee who was currently starring as the voice of Mulberry in Disney's new animated adventure. The Jelver Book 2, please welcome my special guest in my bed. Hey, George Osmond. No, do we have to do this in your bed? It's very charming. I let my children sleep with very good. Oh, so tell me, Harry, to Osmond. How was it working with the lovable bear below? He's not real, Michael. He's a cartoon voice by John Goodman. Hey, look what I could do with this. You never know who's gonna be sleeping in Michael's bed. I'm here with my next guest. No, go love in my bed. It's a big TV star. The child who plays simple, it's a son on NYPD blue. Hello child who plays simple, it's a son on NYPD blue. By my, huh. Would you like to play a game child who plays simple, it's a son on NYPD blue? Sure. Put on this mask. I'm here with you. Having so much fun, me and my children play this game with very good all the time. Woohoo! Put the mask on. I think that's that. Here. Topst this one time. Woohoo! So grab some more milk and cookies. Enjoying Wacko Jacko for some late night TV like you've never seen before. It's sleeping with Michael Jackson. Weeknight, sonfogs. Under a ticket, a lot bigger numbers than Bubba and Bob Dull with a bad hand. A lot bigger numbers. Make no mistake about it. Million people speaking of big numbers and a little Havana for Kai Ocho over the weekend. Are you sure you guys were both there? No. Where not? You're gonna see me dancing? Come on. How do we do? But in the meantime, me or Mandy Diaz and my name is a little bit upset. Even though they had a million people there, I don't see about any deaths or anything like that. Did you see a carnival in Rio? Yeah. And they announced these things like routinely like it's supposed to be. Last year, there were 59 people killed us here, 73. Right. Well, they were, you know, then all the revelry. All they may have and the gay, whatever is going on in the streets there in Rio. 73 people dead. Didn't see anybody dead in Kai Ocho. But Mayor Mandy Diaz has got a last minute bit of cancel a Bayfront Park Festival schedule from March 22nd. It's got imputed against the promoters of the electronic museum and expected to draw tens of thousands of people. At a meeting schedule for noon today, Diaz was Bayfront Park officials and event promoters to stop the fifth annual ultra-electronic music festival. If they can't reach an agreement with Diaz by the end of the days meeting, lawyers for Ultra-Said will be forced to sue the city. Especially since promoters have already spent more than $600,000 on the event than $1,000 on the event than $1,000 in contracts that they've got. They've also sold thousands of tickets at $40 to $60 each inside an agreement to produce live broadcast at the event promoters be seen. If the festival was on his schedule, promoters expect such our artists as Underworld Paul Oconfold, Sasha John Digweed, Paul Van Dyke, Hybrid and Sepfontane. Remember them? A couple of them. The event is scheduled to begin 11 AM March 22nd and at 1 AM the next day, the problem comes just 2 weeks before the event. Diaz's office stated concerns about possible widespread drug use is the main reason to stop the events. Aoy! promoters said these concerns are unfounded. They said they only heard of the mayor's plan to cancel the event and meeting Thursday at City Hall. An aide to Diaz is press secretary Kelly Petten said her boss's concerns arose from reports of ramp and drug use at last years of the event at Bayfront Park. The mayor said many of the music fans would be minors. But all for promoter Russell Fabish called the broadcast misleading saying that less than 10% of the footage that they showed on TV came from video taken at last years festival. I do like that. I don't. I don't want to have any drugs going on there. God forbid. I've got a question for many Diaz. What's that? Yeah. And is this done? Sun still printing those kind of fit bills in school. Do you think? 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT and T in Verizon wireless line. So typical man can't do this and you can't do that. And even though Mike bring a lot of people in. Only in the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami. You said it, man. Testing Marine out of hand the football off the running back as kind of like asking. It brings surgery, copyright on him or. Where the hell did that come from? That's old. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Yes sir. How are you doing today? All right. Listen, I missed you show at the end of last week. I was just driving northbound of the turnpike. Just out the Griffin road. It's a huge billboard with your handsome mug on there. And Mike, I know you've been crying. I'm not putting one up. This thing is a real world theater. That's one thing. The other thing, Grace Kelly. I didn't vote last week. I didn't know even though she was probably 28 years old. Turned on him, movie one night. And I said, that's the best looking chick I have ever seen in my life. Yeah, that was 20 years ago. I still feel that way. One last thing before I go. He got time. The next time you're buying dinner for a whimmer, which is telling that the hockey game is not a baseball game. And if you want to describe, you know, the health problems of the skate, Charter for the Buffalo Sabers to hold it to the brakes and the plate. Okay. Okay. I'll pass it along. Thanks, have a good day. I'll say a high of the visa form two. 560560. How am 560? See, you're always not can remember, but he has a light of a lot of people. So, see, I'd say for me to say that today because never wondering in the New York for the arranger game that I anyway number two, it's a good day to be seen. You don't like the visa. I'm not going to lie and say that I don't like him because I've not, although I will admit that he wasn't a plane when I came up here and I never spoke to him. He was back with the appeans back in coach with his whole family. Yeah. And I saw how many came on a plane. I'm sitting in my own business and he didn't look at me. And I just, you know, and it's not like I feel like he's a friend or something that was speak to like a ray-witney or like a Paul laws or somebody. I don't know what I'm saying. Yeah. I don't know what I'm saying. It was the visa. There he goes. He just, and then of course, that born again thing is such a turn off to me anyway. Yeah. And almost invariably it turns out that people would go out of the, see, I don't mind, believe whatever you want. You know, that's the way I feel. Believe whatever crappy one. I have no problem with that. But don't make a big saw in the dance about it because then when something like this comes up, it goes to show you that you're no hold you than anybody else. You're just another guy. That's all with a big mouth. I'll bet you though. Yeah. This is going around promising meals to people and they're not delivery. That's well, you never know about that. You never never do know, but I do know about some people. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. What maybe he can read free at the appease a lot. Maybe that's part of his problem. Uh huh. A lot of books you probably could. Not today. Here's a call from Davy. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Ultra white wing, fanatic fan here. Yeah. How you doing? Okay. I want to respond to the guy I was talking about the tour reform. We've proposed loser pay that he called it many times, but the trial lawyers and therefore the DNC has said they'll shoot that down a million times. The non-starter with them. Great. We've got to move to the next course of business. Now everybody would love a loser pay, but it's just not going to happen. The way you go from there. I say maybe we go from there to have a good doctor's a good idea. That's a start. Yeah. By the way, an old friend has hired from the Marlins games many years ago. Eddie. It was doing the hokey pokey. I have no idea who that is. It was the guy on the field. Back a long time ago, Eddie. It was doing the hokey pokey and the pointer mount were a little saturated with him. Oh Eddie from the oh yeah. One of the male cheerleading guys right. Give him a big kiss for me. I shall do that. Okay. I bet you will. I think the right way that he is to probably give a big kiss on his cheek. I guess he's not going to be too happy with me that caller that was just on it. I'm going to read a few pages from Michael Moore's book, Stupid White Men, and obviously well justified in doing so because we don't have a single call on the board. No calls about the Beezer using the Norton habit of resign from his, minor league hockey coaching gig. No calls about Mayor Diaz, canceling this thing. No calls about anything on it. And that's typical's part for the course. Because our audience just won't play that game. I mean you know what I'm thinking that we shouldn't do any more of those polls. I'm serious. I mean we put the poll up on the like I usually do, but we'll just make our own choices. Okay. As opposed to letting these people off the hook. It's in a disgrace. It's an embarrassment. Has anybody called about the adult print and thing on 60 minutes last night? No. Anybody liked it who didn't like it, who agreed with me that it was an embarrassment and wasted time. Nothing. Nobody in this audience has gotten opinion about anything. I think we're going to start doing a goddamn sports show is what I think. That's the only hope we got on this show. We're cursed anyway. We're doomed thanks to Greg Reed. And by the way, since I'm talking about Greg Reed and Farbie, it permitted to offend Moe because that's the last thing. I'd be the last person to world to do that. And I notice again this morning lashing out. Listen, Moe, you know, the fact that we keep outing your average behavior on the year. Yeah, that's this is what Bob is. I mean, things you can keep brow-beating all the little people behind the scenes and try to get this one fired and that one fired and have it a big solid dance with Doreen there on Friday over at the rail. And what Bob is him is that he just can't get away with it. Without everybody pointing, without certain people like me pointing the spotlight on, say, see, look what we're dealing with here. Look what a kind of an asshole we're dealing with here. Somebody who's incapable of working and functioning in a setting of other people. But that hadn't been said. You know, the fact that Greg Reed continues to use very jackasses as programming mouthpiece. I talked about this back when he did it to the first thing. It was unacceptable then. It's unacceptable now. It's unbelievable. If you don't like what you got on there, change it. Or go to the guy and tell him to his face. Don't keep like ripping everybody and asking the media. That's what he does. That's what he always does. Has he ever had anything good to say about any of us in print, in the media, in for a jackass? Huh? I'm thinking, well, get back to thinking cap on. And let's hear the time that Greg Reed ever went to the news media and said, well, I'm telling you, we sure have made a lot of money on those big neo-wangers. Numbers are Hank Goldberg, sure. He's like a Mr. Sports in America and anything. It's nothing at all. Nothing. It's always a knock. It's always a rip and it's always through his little mouthpiece, very jackass. I wouldn't be surprised if the two of them are like sure in a bloody sandwich together. Out of the same brown sack that Barry's mommy packed from in a morning as she drove them to work at the Harold. 941, you know, something what a segue. I just, is the amazing how I fall into these things? Yeah. Barry's got his little brown sack and you should have your little black sack. Balance for life coming up right now. What an unbelievable falling into a pile of... Speaking of a pile of crap, the beast has lost over 50 pounds now. He came in and finally and waited on Friday. What was it? 229. 229. He's lost 55 pounds. I guarantee you're in tea, because the load that he ever was before was 228. We got him down to a 1.1.1.1 off the wagon. I guarantee when he comes in this Friday to weigh in, he'll be at his all-time low approaching 60 pounds. Lost on balance for life. And you ought to be doing the same thing too. Instead of those fad diets, those quack-re-those dangerous pills. Like a fad refer example, which can kill you. With balance for life, they do all the work for you, based on the zone diet. They figured it all out, so there's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, just great results. Nothing to count, no calories, no carbohydrates to count. Only choice you make is between two alternative to reach me, elevated at your own program. They give you the little menu and you pick up for each meal. And that's it. And they bring you a little black sack with three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks. Write to your doorstep by six o'clock in the morning to your home. You're working wherever you want. It in there's all the food you need for the entire day. And the weight will pour off your body and it's all fresh and delicious too. Nothing frozen, no chemicals, no additives, no pre-famricated crap. So let balance for life once and for all, help you lose that weight that a lovely make you look better, but let healthier too. Call 9-5-4-5-6-8-32-29. 9-5-4-5-6-8-32-29, or check out their website at balanceforlife.com. We're supposed to be in the 5-6-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10- controversial uh-ing-in, the Mahallis-Chopter Terrell. From the Democratic Department of intelligence agencies, to the National Defense Department, Defense Commission, the African responsible blinking,куxed off the border. Toronto, Rochester, British language immersion programs, Jolene Facial Bleed System, Florial, Klinee, Klaserk and Circus Olae. Thank you. You're welcome. Now, did you notice on its spot was that you want at Lifestyle's Commission spot? Yeah. Now, Carlos, did you notice how good George sounded on that spot? We were just talking about that. He sounded great, man. I'm so good in the 100 years he's been doing his show. He's done. I was thinking about himself. Have he sounded like that on the air? Yeah. We could have a 40 share on the summer time. Sorry. Once a year. Because you sounded nasal or something. I think if you like induced a big head cool all the time, or what it is, the microphone and Tommy's little room. I cut that spot in there on Tommy's equipment. Really? Yeah. Because it sounded like nasal. I'll try to talk more. I don't think it's close. I don't know. But it sounded like a different person, which of course you're most of the audience wants. It's also a bit like a good as it was even him. Exactly. And I thought that's a little George on there. Son and almost like he belongs on the air. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, how you doing? Okay. All right. No. I just call you about a last week. You had the thing on the most overrated places or stuff. Yeah. I didn't get a chance to respond to this jerk that called about about 10 Diego. I'd like to set the record straight. Go right ahead. Take all the time you want. San Diego is a paradise. The picture is the perfect paradise. It's a beautiful. Yeah. It's like a small, it's like a big small town. It's kind of hard to describe. I've heard it's loaded with semen. Semen. There you go. Okay. Well, that's again. That's not my no-smits. Mom, I'm just saying it's a big naval look. I'm sure it is. That's true. But it's, I just want to say it's a computer like LA, which I used to live there too. I wish I wouldn't send Diego right now. The other related thing I must say is, is what? You're coming. I didn't hear what you say. You cut out what is it? I managed it overrated. Oh. People are going to get emited all the time. What are you thinking? You idiot you. Right. You idiot. It's his right. Oh my god. All right. Good. Oh, well, whatever. Neil, we love you. I'll keep it up. Talk to you. Okay. C and San Diego. Okay. And this business about game marriages. I'm going to see it's one thing to have the equal rights and all that other crap. But as far as why would anybody want to get married in the first place? Exactly. I would have been say that for years. That was down 16. Nine. I'm not making up that number. Then as that is down nine. Right at the moment for that guy. I want to give the numbers out. I don't want to get you to depressed. Especially when I read that a few pages Michael Moore's stupid white men, which I'm very late getting around reading that and it's a little bit updated because it was written right before 911. But what a it's just so perfect. Now I got sucked in. I'll admit that. Here's the facts before I get to that one. It's just today's the third anniversary of the top of the stock market. Happy anniversary. NASDAQ is what it said. Yeah, the NASDAQ was 51.00. Now it's 1300. Got it? Got it. Which means it lost 38 points. You do the math. Here's one of our regular facts. There's the most pamosas in his right. Regarding your poll over the weekend, I assume Britney Spears was not on their due to the fact that nothing and movie star actress. But why then this is right and I let myself get sucked. I got sucked right in. Why in hell was Jackie Johnson on there? A bed that reads on TV. She's a weather brush. He's not an actress. Yeah, some of us are as much. What? We had a big thing and you shut me down until me. I wasn't idiot because I kept making that point. Now don't Jackie Johnson. Other people you said actress in the question and then you decided that if they're on TV, that's good enough. No, no, no, no, in fact we even we even took off what's her name? The VJ. We did. What? Yeah. Who? What VJ? What the hell's her name? I don't know. We loved, uh, did we have what's her name on there? I remember we took somebody off a car. Daisy, what? Daisy, what is there it is? We took her off there for that very same reason because she's not an actress. So we apologize for putting Jackie's Johnson on her. She gets enough republusive anyway. Okay? She's got some freaking nerve invading our poll of beautiful actresses. It says this week at Atunita QA. I'm and heard Josh Friedman and he actually wasn't that bad. I'd like to hear him in the morning with Mo. Oh, he'd like to hear him in the morning with Mo. He sounds like he may, uh, stand up for himself. Yeah, he's stand up for himself once on at show. Again, this was the first time I heard Josh on his own show. How do you think he do with Mo and Geldi plus it says PS 12 days to war? Tell the amateur program director out there. I'm not making any comments about that morning show. It's a piece for itself. Okay? And then the idea that this guy's talking about, wow, and I'll certain people, uh, the, what does he call him? What does he call him? The backstabbing, uh, he's got some word that uses and, uh, the, the rodents that you whatever the hell we are. Everybody else see, I hate to break the news to you, but it's you against the world of QAM because everybody's in building hate you like poison. You can try to pretend it's me, it's me and George, it's me and a couple of other people. It's everybody despises you like poison. So you can come on and put on your big friendly Mr. Hotchot, uh, play by play guy. You can put that phony baloney on for everybody in a world and you're not fooling too many people. Okay. You're certainly not fooling anybody inside the building. And any crap that you get from any of us believe you me on the one grindestation that's got the balls to say you brought it on yourself by your own behavior and your own obnoxious arrogant attitude. Okay. I did it. Yeah, you done it. Here's an article. Somebody faxes it says, what is Florida doing to be do medical errors inadequate doctor discipline by stay medical boards. It says since 19, uh, let's see, since these stats started in September 1990, 5.1% of the doctors in the US account for 54.2% of the number of malpractice payouts. You follow me that? No. 5.1% of the doctors in the US account for 54.2% of the number of malpractice payouts. Only 7.6% 1 out of 13 of those doctors who've had two or more malpractice payouts against them have been disciplined in the last 12 years. So if they clean up their own house, if they gear where the butchers in their own backyard, then you know, and the same with the lawyers are the same. But nobody wants to do that. It's like a fraternity. Nobody wants to say Dr. Schmander coveter. He killed 15 people this month. And he's a danger in his own drugs. And he's like a psychotic and booze and whatever. Nobody wants to do that. So that's what you get. Speaking of Brittany, by the way, I'll be better take a call or two. If you want to have this, I have this Brittany and Fred Dersht story, which makes me even sicker than the one about Justin thinkerbell. Here's like where it's hello. Hey Neil. No sir. John Lee. I saw the dull and Clinton. Yeah. Yeah. It was with so over-squipped it. It just, it didn't even seem real. You know, it's the fact that they weren't even sitting in the same room together. It just, it didn't have any impact at all. The only thing that I did get out of it is in looking at Clinton. I just kept saying to myself over and overman to I miss this guy. Well, you know, I'm a, we consider and say that all day. Yeah. And we're also pointed at the fact of the matter is, here he was on a worldwide TV on CBS last night. He went, either the whole thing was like limpezay, wet noodle, man. It was pathetic. It was, but I think they are going to have their own show together, correct? Who said that? I believe that it's going to be a regular show, Clinton, and then one week they're going to call it Clinton doll and then that's not going to be a show. It's going to, that what you see is what you get. It's going to be on, they're going to be 10 of those. It's not a show. It's going to be on the tail end of 60 minutes. It's going to be in the middle of 730 or whenever like they did last night. The show is just a 60 seconds of pieces. It's a two-minute deal. Okay. And on on this van V's, we're saying like you said, you know, these these religious people, I mean they're just hypocrites. Okay, because anybody that's a believer in the Lord nor this other jazz, I mean they don't come out and they don't say things like that. And so they don't, they don't, they the hell you don't. No, no, no, I'm saying they're not supposed to come out. I forget me. I they're not supposed to come out and say things like that. And that's just another one of the hypotheses with these people that are just these guys. Okay, Brian, have a great day. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T of a rise in world of slime. I mean, you know, it just wears me out. Oh, there's, but you know, great. We wish a lot of us wish that he was still in there. And I'm one of those people. But how long can he keep saying that, you know? And he had his 60 seconds of start of my last night. He had one hand in Bob and it just was, it was limp. It went over like a guy. They impregned pull of water in the middle of Haiti's man. It sucked. It blew. It was, I mean, what's anybody, see, and this is TV again with the sound bites, you know, and out the bottom line is it does bite. It's garbage. This is from the globe. So it might be true. Oops, she did it. It says Britney Spears should be rid face to robot rocker Fred Durst is singing. He claims in New Song that they went all the way. limp biscuit front man Durst says the pop princess who repeatedly insists she's a virgin, and even denies knowing him is definitely not a sweet innocent girl. All right. In a new tune for his upcoming album by Polar Fred Wales, Annette Brittany scared to admit it very first night made the limp dog hit it. The 31 year old tattooed Durst as he wasn't going to kiss until but he had to set the record straight for his fans after she began denying the head of relationships saying, I don't know him. Durst says there were man seated up after you're greeted with several songs with the 21 year old beauty, following a two-day recording session in L.A. Studio. He wrote a renaut saying, I think you're cool. I think you're really sweet. He claims she returned to the studio with her cousins at 3am, dressed in a sea through shirt and jeans and told him, I want you to come out and hang out with me. We all went back to her house in the hills. He told radio shock jack Howard Stern. She covers up a lot of things. She's definitely not the sweet little innocent. But Brittany's rep tells Globe they didn't do it and accuses the rock star making similar claims after he once performed with Christina Aguilera. Well, by the way, have you seen Christina Aguilera's new video? Which one of the one with the ugly people in it? The one with all the fags in it. All the guys kissing and all the then no. Wow, what is that all about? Faggarine? I know what it's all about. Yeah. Once again, Fred's playing kiss and tell the rep says only Fred's doing a lot more telling than he ever did kissing. Meanwhile Durst rhymes with the worst. In sift he's only speaking out now because Brittany's now the relationship embarrassed him. I had a defend myself. He says he should have said he's cool. He's not really my type, but that's all I want to say. Oh, if he's not her type, then I'll come she is screwed him. Oh, right. Huh? I got to this for a Brittany. She needs to get some God they magnivision reading glasses or some kind of God, the visual aids, this bitch. What that was wrong with her? Justin Tinkerbell and the obnoxious, the anxious Fred Durst? Oh my God, if she can't do better than that. See, I was thinking of a really interesting poll question for one of these days coming up but certainly not today. Look at that tone. Is that exciting or what? Huh? Well, you're going to get to those bedtime stories. Or at least that book. Oh, I look, I listen to this pathetic. This is typical of what this show has become. I'm going to call and say one or two words on a poll, they can't call and then they say that they hate that. But anyway, to pull my poll like well, if you could be one person in the world who would it be, and I'm thinking I'd like to be Brittany Spears. If I were in my laundry, they might understand your name. Oh, man, I do. And I guarantee I wouldn't have Fred Durst or Justin Tinkerbell standing online at my door. I'll guarantee that. 958 at 560 W to QM. Hey, homeowners, though there's nothing worse than venturing out in the backyard for a nice swim. Looking at that once beautiful poll years and saying, holy crap, what happened here? It's stained. It's dirty and might be cracking. But you don't have to look at that mess anymore. Just say no more ugly poll and call our friends at Atlantic Marseille. These guys aren't poll guys who want a cleaning service, they're a real construction company uses full-time employees, not subcontractors, not a couple of illegal aliens out of the back of a pickup truck. Atlantic Marseille specializes in the most incredible innovation at the pool business, Diamond Bright. Atlantic Marseille's been pouring it on for 12 years. Their license and ensured professionals they've ensrained out the company's internationally on how to do Diamond Brighting. And you'll get the same price that they give the contractors. They serve North Miami, Browdon Palm Beach, so call Atlantic Marseille. They're the largest in dollars of Diamond Bright in South Florida. The Kermarty would give you a free statement. They also do pool and decorations custom lighting, pool heating and exotic water features too. For the best in the universe called Atlantic Marseille toll-free, 1-800-5588883. That's 1-800-55888883 Diamond Bright to it right, because Diamond Bright be a pool's best friends. Oh my god, this is the 21-800-558883. Back Alex Bennett for God's sake. Do yourself a favor. Well, you're a pile. In the shocking season finale, Evan Marriott, aka Joe Millionaire, made his final decision and selected Zora to be his beloved. Then the twist, the Bundle Paul Hogan presented a couple with a check for one million dollars. But that's not the end of it. There's another twist, not revealed on National Television. The Million Dollar's given to the couple actually belongs to a Colombian drug cartel and they wanted back. Cheat-co, George Memearion Dolls met at which it has in one rich cute and Joe Millionaire. Who? Joe Millionaire. Still from me? Yes, from me? Yes, are you kidding me? No, I want that money bad, cheap gold. I'm not getting it back. Cuddy's throw, cheap gold. No, all throw? Nothing but the throw. So have me, God? Evan and Zora are running for their lives, but that's not the end of it. There's another twist. The money that Fox stole from the Colombian drug cartel was apparently stolen originally from a Jamaican crime syndicate and they wanted back. See you, Jimo, as the money, mom. Joe Millionaire got in my eye. I mean, I'm on, we gave it to the Colombian drug cartel as a loanman, give it back from them. No, me, no, can't got it from the TV show. Yeah, what's the key in doing with my Million Dollar's your bumper car, mom? What he fed a love with Zora, so I'm gonna get the money done. Tell me about that, mom. I'm going to keep the money bad, mom. I've got weed to make. Okay, put his throw in my dog throw and nothing but the troll. So I'll be God, but wait, there's another twist. Evan and Zora are really brother and sister. But not just any brother and sister. One twist. We're the Osmons. I'm the Lameys. Joe Millionaire. Get a look. Fox. It is my favorite. I love it. 10, 0, 3, 5, 60, WQ. I'm happy Monday too. You got a couple of calls on you're not too much. Don't want over. Do it here, do we? No. And again, our websites all screwed up today. So we've got to go back to this here's Pompano. Hello. Thank you for not doing a poll. Oh God. Here's Voka. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, someone said something has Josh Freakman and I hear him on the radio. You know, you're following his uh, your phone is emerging. What happened to the crow? I'm not sure. What happened to the crow? What do you mean what happened to him? I don't know. I'm just going to get a phone. I'm going to work and I'll be able to talk to you. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I liked that one. Yeah. What is what is a crow? I have to do with anything. First of all, we don't have another Hank is on three to seven. We don't have the ability to have somebody on between six and six thirty and additional, which he doesn't belong on here anyway. And anybody with two years or even one year working even rush when he was deaf could tell you that. But nevertheless, if you like the crow, we'll give you his home member. You can do a little, uh, you know, back and forth. And that's it. That's our calls for the day five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line. Here's the facts from killing homesteads who's become really chronic but as a good point. He says, Mr. D has hasn't been a coyote lately. Many young thugs. Now, for why has he got to say thugs? Many young punks smoked dope, sell dope, and touch women right in front of my me's finest. But he had he won't dare to try to cancel coyote, but he's trying to cancel the concert at the end of the month over drug use. Drugs are partly banana republic. Live with it or move says killing homestead. There you are. Mayor D. As you idiot. You goof all and not even young punks too. How about just normal people? How about any punk? How about anybody out there that feels, uh, you know, you can go almost any city in a world and you know, at a festival where they're like thousands or hundreds of thousands of people, little and a million people like coyote. And there's going to be people smoking little number and whatever they're doing. And they're having a good time. And that's what it's all about. Who gives a crack? But everything that's going on in the world today, this is what the worst he's got to worry about. And some people are going to be smoking little dope. And they had a rock concert. Wow, what a concept, Mr. Mayor. I think bringing up his counterfitting son every time he does something like this is. Do you really good measure? Yeah, yeah, probably you look a few 20s. I wish. 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's cutler read. Hello. Good morning. Yes sir. Yes. Your first color city was ultra white right wing. Yeah. That's probably like you are W. Like you're pardon? That would be you are W, you are W bush. Whatever. There's a default in my UR L string. Oh, God. 567560. Like I said, I give it to the folks. Oh, and you. I got to books in the right here. And you wonder why I got rid of phone calls on his show. Oh, no, that's the worst thing we ever heard. We don't want to hear your read on here. And you'll let those bedtime stories know, but they have nothing to say. I certainly put all the stuff out there when I played. And I guess all I got hockey fans out there. They must have called mode this morning. I don't hear that much of a show. Thank God. They must have called mode and got that out of their system about the Beezer using the inward and heavy design as job as the minor league hockey coach. Both of them. Good. Again, Beezer. Right. Both of them did. And we got, if we got one call about that? No. No. No. Fuck here. Who gives a grant? 567560, pom 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I want to tell you, I've been down here for some years now from up in New York. Just driving on 95 South and I see that new billboard with your photo. Yes, really going to be with me. All letters and I just broke red in the guys in my car radio. I've found out there for a lot about yeah. I wasn't able to find you on the radio. Are you serious? In other words, we got a new listener because of the billboard? Yes, sir. Oh, right. God, you've almost made my days, sir. Even if I get no other call to hold day, you made my life. Well, you know, it's a great spot where I think it's an Hollywood. No, yeah. I've found them. Excellent. Thanks a lot, pal. All right. Well, hey. Thanks a lot, take care. And you, too. There you go. We got one. Oh, you and I am. We are radio-ish. We build our audience one at a time and there's one. Yeah, remember those glory days when we used to have an audience? When we used to be on 10 to 2 when we used to have a lead in. When we used to work for people that like showed even a minor appreciation of what that was going on on a whole radio station is supposed to. Well, I'm not satisfied. I'm not happy with this. And I'm not happy with that. You know, something Greg, that's what happened when you're like a pampered little child, you know? That has this sense of entitlement. Like everybody supposed to cater to your needs and your whims. You screwed it up, baby. Like I told you when he was right there in a studio. On my anniversary on March on February 28, whatever it was two weeks ago, told him right there to was pushed when he went running out the door. And by the way, he still hasn't paid norm as money. I just mentioned that in passing. Still as of this moment hasn't paid him money, OZEM. Here's a company ladies and gentlemen that's listed on the NASDAQ BBGI B'sly. And also there's a rumor going around at mad dog is getting ready to sue them, too. Really? Have you heard that? Nope. That's what I heard. Either is considering or was considering because you can't collect all the money they want. Pay your bills, baby. Pay your freaking bills. Take care of your people. Stop using very jackasses of mouthpiece to rip everybody in ass. That's my suggestion, Greg. Here's my me, hello. My me. Hello, how are you doing? Okay. I'm from Chicago. I'm a first-timeless and he shows great show. Is it really? Yes. You're the only man on the media who's talked about the Israeli connection to this whole invasion in Iraq. When did I talk about the Israeli connection to the invasion in Iraq? When did I say that? Last week. Oh. Yeah. Is you're the only person? Why is this such a big secret? What do you think it's a secret? I think it's a big secret. No one's ever once free to touch this issue. Do you have a, have you, have you forgotten that he gasped his own people even though it was 20 years ago? Oh, I know that. I know that. But even though the secret is they was standing there shaking his hand that they zaht through it happened. Exactly. Exactly. What about all these people or surrounding Bush who have this agenda for this war? You know, you notice how they tried to them all out yesterday and all the talking. It shows there was colon Powell on the eat the press and then they had Richard Pearl on there. I'm with Wolf Blitzkrieg yesterday. I was he is the worst Richard Pearl of all of them. He is the most glib the most just obnoxious disgusting piece of third who looks down as knows anybody who dares to disagree with them. Well, I know, but no one talks about this connection. You're the only guy. Okay. Well, you just got through saying that three times. Thank you. Do you think you had a point there? He kneel. 5 6 7 0 5 60. And no matter what I would have said, I could have gone on for three minutes to see what it come back and said, you're the only one who talks about. Oh, maybe we know why now too. Maybe it draws out people like you. Here's heaven. Sure. Hello. Yeah. Yes sir. Good morning. Where does he? Can you play the George tape, please? Oh, back again. Could you play the George tape, please? Now we got a new one. In addition to the Apollo guy, we got this one every day. 5 6 7. Only when George gets his nasal passages cleaned out and they can do the show like he did that spot. Or maybe we can use Tommy's microphone. Then we'll play the George tape. That's next week. By the way, sir, you'll be very pleased that I'll be on vacation all week next week. So you can squeeze yourself starting right now. Okay. Oh, thank God. Thank God. We got the George tape. We need a little eating ass and the Palestinian sucking next week. And what I leave out, you're going to do what? 5 6 7 0 5 60. 5 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon line. Here's Kendall. Hello. You lost your Albion. Yeah. There is another one. There's another regular every day. Let's see. We got the the thanks. We're not doing a poll today. Put on the George tapes and you lost your audience. This is our audience. This is our colors. The cover got it. The discovery with the billboard discovered our show. This is what we've had 27 years of sir, 27 years of not only the little assholes. That's what we got. Keep them coming, baby. This is a substitute for anything of substance for anything to say about anything they can't do that. So let's take the shot. Take your best shot. Go ahead ahead. Have a good time today. It doesn't give me a fact that what today is. What's today? It's the payday. Oh, have you seen clearance? No. How about how about Carlos there? You got your paycheck yet? What do you laugh about nervous laugh? Yeah. Payday. Kind of a freaking program director is that that doesn't walk in and what it makes fun of is basically nice job Carlos. Here's your check and tell me all his check was mailed on Friday. It'll be in his box at home right now as I speak. Where it is our clearance? Right, plain of you know what he's probably busy with? Oh, I haven't. I know. Sports. That's it. Sports. Probably do a water sports. From an attempt to ten at five, 60 WQM is no reluctant to buy buying a bed over the phone. Do the smart thing for what's in your life. Don't go out there and waste your money shopping around. Schleppen from department store to bedding store and get ripped off. Call 1-800-MATT-RES. Right now you'll have a great night's sleep from dialometres. Take it from me. I've been using them for years. Just one easy phone call. You sit there right on your lazy ass and they'll be there not going on you do a no-time at all. And they got the best mattresses in the world. They got silly, certissive and clean-court, every size and style. They're ranked number one in the universe in customers satisfaction. And dialometres gets more repeat and referral customers than anybody else because they know how to treat you right. Once you buy from dialometres you'll never go back to the old showroom and that old way of buying a mattress again. And don't forget when you do buy a mattress and dialometres they'll take away the crappy smelly old soil bedding and set up the brand new one for you for free. That's right. dialometres takes away the old worn out bedding and sets up your brand new one for free. So make the call right now to dialometres. You'll be sleeping great starting tonight. Call 1-800-MATT-RES. 1-800-MATT-RES for dialometres. The easiest possible way to buy you a great new bed. My local year sports video 560-USUAM. Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true honeywood celebrity music biography profile story. We take a good hard stiff look in the start of. Rocket Billy was a style of music long thought dead until they were vided. They're vided giving it the chance to die again. They were the stray cats. We hit it big because we made this very pure type of music. All right is the middle of the 80s new wave stuff. Well that and we had the seriously f*** up pompa door hairdos. The stray cats struggled to gain an audience until they opened for the rolling stones in 1981. In a recent VH1 interview, Mick Jagger remembers. Oh yeah, right 1981. Yeah, right. Great band. The runaway pussies of that never cool. Stray cats. Well they were called these stray cats. Oh well having made such a deep impression on the rolling stones. The runaway puss uh the stray cats were poised on the very brink. Up having a hit or two and then dropping off the freaking radar. It's hard to describe that feeling. To know you're going to make this incredibly minor impact and then just sort of go away. What a rush. The stray cats. Okay, so Brian sets her at another hit in the 90s with jump child will. But only weirdos swing dance losers were into it. God remember those freaks? It's a big juicy sobbing went look at show business tonight. I'm inside the line. 18 to five 60 WQAM 5 670 560 pound 560 it's our festival of hate from South Florida. You can smell any or just crack the window in all the way here in Toronto. You can smell it. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hi. How you doing? Okay. I feel you're your dog word this morning finally on the way to work. I've been looking for it up in the 95. Crazy. Yeah. It's someone who's rotating billboard signs and I barely caught it. I saw your picture real quick. It also in the turn. I was like, oh, no, this is his billboard finally. Well, I don't want to keep it on her too long. I figure people are forced to look at my face for more than like five or ten seconds. It's going to grab them off the road. Yeah, I was looking for it like crazy. I saw it. Why do you keep saying that? Why have you been looking for it like crazy? Well, because you've been talking about it. Where is it? Where is it? And I'm been looking for it for you. It's right off the exit of 95 onto a Pemberf Road. Yeah. They just see it. They're making a buy and see it. But I used what you know, I finally found it. Okay. Thanks for the good news. He's been looking for like crazy Georgie. Finally found it. And the billboard too. Woo. You gave one man. 567. 560. Pomp. Keep them coming baby. Keep them coming. I'm loving this today. It's payday. I could give it a good vacation starting next week. I could give a flying grandpa. That's the thing that amuses me the most about the evil Dourgent South Florida. The hateful this spears of a- You know, the usual South Florida hospitality. Is they think that they're really disturbing you and that couldn't care less. Nobody could care less with a brain except the course in a morning. That was to show your psychic connection again. What's that? I said keep it coming. Guess what KC sawing I had cut up for today. Couldn't have been keep it coming. Swordsworth? Get that queen off it, arrow. Okay, way. Yeah. I could close personal friend Harry. Looking pretty bad by the way, Harry. Aren't we all? Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Oh, good morning. Good morning. You really must not have any calls. I got right in. No, not too many. I want to talk about two things. First, I have to be at somebody's house this weekend. Pick up the sports illustrated swimsuit issue, which I never would have looked at. Yeah. In the middle, there's this really great half-make a picture of Vincent McCabellier. Really? Yeah. It's at least look at it. Balls, balls, balls, balls. No, he don't do anything for me. It's not bad. I have to say, I've never seen him with a beautiful arm. Awesome. I'd rather see Brad Wichord's naked. I'm going to look at naked the Tampa Bay lightning players. Okay, I'll go with that. The other thing is, we should have a green gaby from Go ahead. Japanese have a story about the guys who picked his son Huppie is a gold retriever puppy to death in front of the six-year-old who got charged with child abuse as well as animal cruelty. Where was this? This was in Miami. Yeah. Within the paper, it was in the Harold and the local section on Saturday. It happened February 21st. Apparently the guy came home and the puppy had chewed a hole in the garden hose, so he wrapped the hose around the dog's neck, choking him, and picking him to death in front of the six-year-old while the tip stand in your screen. I'd like to pull the switch at an accident of a bitch. I'll tell you right now. Oh, this, that, that's why I love to watch animal precinct on the, uh, what is it the animal planet of a rubber daddy? Because at the end of the show, everybody gets arrested and taken away on handcuffs. Good. Wonderful. I love your show. Haven't seen your billboard yet, but the old looks for it. Well, Go look for it like crazy. I sure will. Okay. Bye. Thanks for the bad news. Isn't that nice, huh? Yeah. Puppy killers in South Florida. What did I tell you? I'm not saying that it's only in South Florida, but Bowie sure have more than our usual share. In fact, this is a Michael Moore book at when he starts talking about the election and about Jim Bush and a whole Florida business. I'll get into it in a little bit. And then we had to warm it up with some really good calls. What do you laugh about, Mr? Can we hear the George Taf? You're losing your audience. Thanks for not doing a fool. I mean, it's the same five people. That's what we got. Let's put him in a God name room with the holiday in. It's a lot cheaper than doing all this semester we're doing here. We'll all just select trying to crap. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. They don't care about the bees who they have no idea who that is first of all. They couldn't care less about 60 minutes or bill Clinton or what's his name? Bobby with a bad hand door. They don't care about many deas. It affected that he's trying to unplug this damn show that they've spent already $600,000 and thousands and thousands of people are planning on coming on March 22 in Miami because he's afraid to might be some drug usage there. And because I guess he's appointed himself and I was dictated or public morality. They don't give a crap. Get your own house in order, Manny. That's right. Unless he wants to share with us. You know, it's good to share with us the beauty of the printing press. Yeah, but he got to like increase the quality a little bit. I don't want to get busted. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neah. How you doing? All right. I wasn't looking pretty bold or bad. I accidentally stopped upon it. Go. Go be looking like crazy for it. People see how in no life. Just want to add a curiosity and this has nothing to do with your show, but you still carry your cell or do something with your best stuff. T.D. did you do anything with 2002? Sorry. I was out of the country last night in the last year. Now. Are you planning on anything for this year? No. We're surrounded by too many lazy people that don't want to be bothered with the work. So what we can't do it. We raised a lot of money for charity and it's your help to promote the show a lot. But I just don't have the people who are going to do it. If I could volunteer my donate my services in any way, but I'd love to because I first lied, oh, mind the money going to charity. And secondly, you have some great stuff on the last couple of CDs. That was in one and it's just the shame. So I'd probably be busy shame, but that's the QAMF and my man. We do a Seattle Vushalazy people that I want to be involved to much work. All right. Thank you, Neah. Thank you. See everybody's bringing up all of some pleasant stuff today. It's, you know, it's one of those things. There's a lot of people. We don't want to do that. Is that doing that this year? Is he up? You know, I mean Carlos? He's on the phone. What do you mean he's busy? He's busy. He's not busy. What's important in there? So you're not teaching him right? Okay. You're not teaching him crap. In fact, you are teaching him crap. He thinks the whole thing is the bedtime stories go out and smoke a couple of faggots in a hallway out there outside with the, what's your name with the water Nazi? And that's it. He's been answering all these great calls that have been coming in. Yeah, give me a break, great calls. What, what year is that going to be, huh? This is the beginning of 28 years on a year and has got forsaken place. It's never been any different. Only the demographic has been different. Hello, now. That's all that changed. Nothing else ever changed? Here's Miami. Hello. Here's a call from Kendall. Hello. Yeah, hi. I'm doing I want to respond to Nazi from Chicago. As a Jew from Chicago, I think it's time to transfer the best in the savages to, okay, great. Well, I'll tell you what, we'll give you his phone number and the two of you can argue you can do it out, okay? That guy called last week with exactly the same thing. You do the only one wants to talk about that and he keeps repeating the same thing and you're going to dignify him with a response. Forget about him, okay? Forget about it. And get rid of the settlements too while you're at it. 560, 560, pound 560, and not only is that make me nauseous, but now we've got the right wing Jew of the day on television. Yesterday, headed to Vat between two Jews. One of his name was Solomon, who was against the war and the other guy is real, what the David something or other another Jew, who's another one of these right wing Jews, who's talking about, wow, you're spewing at left coast propaganda. As soon as you hear left coast, you know exactly where they're coming from? Yeah, you know what you're dealing with. But they just end and of course Richard Purl is on air another one and wolf who it's, where do they find all these self-hating Jews anyway? I got a clue. And not to mention of course, airy the uh, theory. I mean, as long as we're playing that. You know what I'm saying? Not often enough. There he is. The little preview. 26 after 10 at 560 W to Q AM, you know, for years I've been telling you about health benefits of old you made an om taking it myself. I'm popping the old you made for blood pressure my pussy every day and my blood pressure is great by the way. It's quite of this show because the stuff really works. Old you made soft shells contain pharmaceutical grade olive oil not just ordinary olive oil, but super concentrated and loaded with health benefits. Old you made a week and up produced the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol plus there are 14 different oleomid formalizing shoes from each one combining pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins and minerals and herbs to support specific health needs. From bones to blood pressure to your immune system just pick out the formulas that are right for you and what you need. Now there are three new oleomid formulas one to help you sleep without helping control your weight and co-q 10 which I keep telling you I'm right is damn important for your heart. You'll find oleomid at public's records while greens whole food markets. No viral and sedan resort or do it online if you like it. Oleomidamerica.com. If you want to get more information about their products and what they can do free. I call 1 866 oleomid. That's 1 866 6536633 start poppin some oleomid in your post today. And look all this is for 3.056. audience dumb as dirt in light of Germany's blatant disregard for all things American this radio station invites you to join us in the boycott of the following people places and things. German fantasaut not for a proper as farphic new can boys beckor boys Carlos Mommos that is stalking Harry women who are mean steroids leader host German measles recall a concoct. Lovies the Vulcan brothers the brothers grand handsling rental dark beer not mandatory winners weeners. Weeners nets over his German shepherds for jettinielson baloney pretels the sound of music on DVD cabaret a musical and joe gray and anything associated with joe gray. Wolfgang Pockch nows her siglin Freud. Rodden. Ron Razer's strutal accordion Zamphier messed her the panza way Newton like for us cake the very in cream pie. Birkenstock's Ivan Doz ice cream Colonel Clink is played by Warner Clempower. Collectible beer steins Frankenstein David Hasselhoff and the cast of they watch. Thank you. You're welcome 1031 at 566. I'm not giving up on Browworth's by the way. Here's a lady in Pemmer Pines. And is it matter wrong line? You were. Well I'll be damned. Like I said here's this why's it keep doing that? Because he punched in the same line. Here she is. Hello. Hi. Yes ma'am. As an advocate you see that I know you are and I've always taken what you had to say with knowing the knowledge you have. I would like to know if there would be this said and after the apology do you think that this man has a chance of a job in hockey ever again? No. That's a shame because of the fact that he's a gore and a good one and has knowledge of hockey. Wait a minute. First of all he hasn't played in a couple of years. He's not he's a coach now. He's not a goalie anymore. He's not a player. Right but he's still to keep hockey yet. That is what a coach does. You're asking me as he got a chance of having a job in hockey again and I'm telling you know because nobody's going to hire him. And I'm saying I agree with you. Right. Well I'm here with you. I'm here with you. I'm not a man. I answered your question. I'm just telling you the answer is no. He's not going to get hard again. I said though. I think it's said because many people have made racial slurs and yet still have a co-do on to the job. Not not too many a position like that. That when you're coaching a bunch of people and behind their back you tell the rest of the team this is a negative to this and this negative to that and you're making racial statements like that. You're right. Except that when it's done with the list and it's better. What is that mean? Meaning that when when Tiger Williams was first it got in his jacket. Didn't associate whatever his name say. Now we could serve chicken and watermelon but he didn't ask. Yeah. I'm so that was okay. That was a joke. He wasn't the van B's proposal in joking. No. I know that but I'm saying this is a pilot job. Look, every everything when it comes down to language it all depends on the usage on the intent. Okay? And there are plate there. Young people who call each other nigger all the time. Where are kids? Black kids? There are people who use that all the time. That's not a problem. But when it obviously was used in the Vary derogatory way and he said it over and over again. And then he got caught with his words done. In addition to being this board again Christian, it's all going to come back to Bruce. Nobody's going to hire him again. He's going to get black Okay. I know you have an knowledge of hockey. Do you remember that Bruce apply your wits to a selfie of quote Laryside Delph? No, I don't. And have a great day. Oh, oh my god. I mean, she's entitled to her opinion. I'm as head of my answer to question. Do I think he's ever got a good job at hockey? He's getting the answer is no. And that's the end of that. That's it. No chance. Bye bye, Beezer. Maybe can become a priest or something. A preacher. We're serving everybody else. 567 056 the pound 560 on the 18. I didn't I answer the question? No. Answer again. Well, I know a hockey. How about that? Oh, and Nolan, baby. Oh, Glenn Wesley. And we'll see. Here's a call from Davy. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning. How are you? I'm okay. Hey, thanks for turning me on the smallville. I've been watching it. It's been pretty good lately. All right. Hey, I wanted to know. Are you familiar with the White House course bonded, Helen Thomas? Sure. She was on MSNBC pretty recently and she was going through her career. You know, she's filled with questions to nine different presidents. Oh, my god, when she got the W, you wouldn't believe it. He said, you still stick by what you said about him being the worst president that you've ever seen. And she said, oh, not only the worst president I've ever seen, but the worst president in the history of our country. Right. And you'll notice they snubbed her the first time in history that they snubbed her at the televised press conference last Thursday. Yeah, didn't let her answer answer question. W won't talk to her now because he told the truth. Mm-hmm. Because he can't handle it, sure. No, he he no. And here's an 82 year old woman with a big pair in the Democratic Party. Nobody has a pair to say anything. Right. Absolutely correct. They won't say anything. Is that something now about how Pelosi comes out over the weekend? And it says, oh, well, if the Democrats, if we would have just spoken up back in a fall, we wouldn't be going to war right now. We could have avoided all of this above a buck. But the fact of the matter is that they didn't. Would they only do that have a pair or a Kennedy and the old one from West Virginia bird? They're the only ones that came out and said, listen, the Kingmeister had Robert Bruton a couple nights ago. I know. I saw a part of that. I mean, watching a dead man in the chair. I remember the watch I'm as you know. I know it was pretty bad, but at least he was talking about the right thing. It's the wrong word the wrong time. He didn't have a clue what the time he was on. Have a great day. Thank you. Okay, Robert Bruton. Have you you seen him lately? Not lately. He's been dead for five years. And nobody bothered to tell him. And he was talking about how he would have had some part in a movie or something. And Larry said, did you die in a movie? And he, he, he, he, he, he, he didn't get it. I mean, yeah, let's have a lot more strong thermons and rubber birds and Jesse helps. And people owe the age of 500 in the Senate. That makes a lot of sense. Then it, they can relate. I mean, you talk about a guy who's like, lost it so long since whether you agree or disagree and keep in mind he was another one. I was giving the goody two shoes kept above about the amount of cost up. On other great line from Monica. Yeah, with her dieting problems. Mm hmm. She's finally learned not to put certain things in her mouth is what she saw. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and Verizon wireless line. Here's my any, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning. How are you doing today? I'm doing okay. That guy also thing yesterday. Miami's finest was definitely not Miami's finest. I think it's something we're broke out there. They would have a hard time just walking behind the wheel. Really? It was really that bad. It was nothing out of hand, but just the police showing there was just terrible. Much of fat guys went to like old guys with like two bell fawn. Yeah, well, they probably probably live in the hood. They probably do. Yeah. I had to walk from their house where the guy did absolutely. They bring any stuff by. Yeah. They're just like a bad showing trust me. Okay, thanks. He said it were bad showing. Do you have any idea what he's talking about? No. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T express yourself, baby. Learn to express yourself. Can anybody in that town say something? Oh, I don't know. I have no idea what these people are saying. I know I'm enjoying it though. I really don't know. Oh, there's Jack's straw. It's a draw from this is that we must further increase the pressure on this is a lot of me. They messed up playing for time. You know that he gasped his own people. Oh, so I'm certain to mention that before about this Jew that they had on yesterday who was a this right wing Jew about the left coast. This and love coast then. And he could they try out the same lines. Oh my god. It's like they got him written on a three by five card about how he gasped his own people he invaded another country. What is going on here? That's a month. What has changed in the last 12 years that all of a sudden makes him an imminent threat to this country like he's lying about. And we got these smoking gun now this missile. Wow. Yeah. What we do. Still can't reach us. Couldn't reach it. Are you kidding me? Could be lucky if he can reach next door. They got him so cornered at this point. But oh, that's not good enough because and of course once we get over there and the the other guy made the real good argument this debate yesterday and would wolfed looks great. He said just because of the fact that we're there. That's not sufficient reason to go to always with a Richard Pro debate. That's what was. He says just because we're there now doesn't mean that that's justification for going to work as Pro to say. Wow. You know we can't logistically back away and then come back if he does this and then get us another word. We're already there. We're all set up to go to war. We've got our plans and how he's going up there plans and whether you like it or not about a being. We're going to the argument way back in the beginning as remember we threatened war. Now we can't go back on it because otherwise our threats will be hollow and empty. There you go and we'll look impotent yet. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon line. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Yes sir. We can't over there. I just don't picture how you're just going to snack your fingers and find them without playing out. Just having to go to every policy got over there. I don't see how they're going to get in and out without seeing a whole master. Somebody's going to be thinking ahead. I can't believe this is going to go in and fight basically an urban warfare kind of thing. They're making it look like it's going to be really antiseptic. It's going to be very clean. We're not going to kill too many civilians. I don't tell it's going to happen. Why isn't it going to turn into like a good amount of jungle course. Let's say as far as quail instead of what. How are you going to go in and if you're going to get him he's not going to just pop up and walk up. You're not going to find him. He's going to be just like a novel where you're not going to know if you get along because he's bomb the heck out of everything. You're just not going to know. I don't see how it's going to get done right. I don't feel like going to have all these guys over there not do something. I know where to just have to bring them all about the Saturday. But that's my thing. Good luck to Westman. It's all I can tell you. Just hope for the best because it doesn't look too good. Just story from Sky News that we were going to put neither we get these stories on a website or not. Yeah, they're on there. They're on here. But the problem is that most people can't get to our website. Well, at least that's a start. Later on on the day we'll get that straightened out. Maybe and maybe not. Soldiers chilling warning this from Sky News in Britain. An Iraqi defectorist told Sky News that Saddam Hussein will use chemical weapons if the country's invaded. His warning comes from it revelations that he may be planning to use pilotless drone planes to spray British and US troops with anthrax and sir and gas if the attack. In an exclusive interview, the officer with Saddam's elite Republican guards had use of chemical weapons by Iraq was 100% guaranteed. The 26 year old soldier defected 10 days ago near the city of something with 400 letters in it in northern Iraq. His being guarded in the safe house and said to have provided valuable intelligence to authorities, a chemical attack is guaranteed he warned we've been fully provided with complete protection gear, gas masks, first aid kit and injections. In the 1991 war Saddam Hussein deployed his chemical weapons but they weren't used. We are sure about the chemical bombardment said that he factor whose identity is being protected in the last days he would use it as the last resort. There you go. Doesn't sound too pretty, doesn't. 19 before 11 at 560 WQM. I noticed that we don't have any copy Troy and also my good friend Steve Wolf over Pompato Park for a Pompato Park. Huh. Do we? I haven't gotten any. Although we do have come out of the Saturday, March 15. They're going to be given away vacation trip for two to treasure care resort in Marine and Abacone to Bahamas. That's something big coming up. And of course we got live racing and they still haven't let me know what the March schedule is but they would be nice more of these days, Steve will fulfill that don't you think? Sure, why not? I do know that we have racing at least four nights a week during the month of March Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday live harness racing at its best 715 PM. General parking admission is always free at Pompato Park. Starting at 715 is post time. And of course we got final casting every days, seven days a week starting a new and lasting for the wee hours of the morning. So if you want to plunge your brains out, this is the place. Pompato harness located at the Black South Atlantic Boulevard on Power Line Road. Easy to get to from both I-95 and the Florida Turnpike for directions call 9-5-4-9-7-2-2000 and don't forget this Saturday March 15 when a vacation trip for two to treasure care resort in Marina and Abacone to Bahamas if you get lucky at Pompano harness 9 mile and low, this is 14'6-1". Your mamy! Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh So, I forgot, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, just, oh, oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yay, Okay, I want to take up an office pool and we'll pick the date for the day that they tell us we shouldn't be playing anymore Uh-oh Huh? There's your next assignment, Molleter, some pretty good busy on make a few calls run Although I don't take it fees big enough to be caught up the gay right-scroops that he's gonna get too much support do Oh, I'm sorry, our homophobic morning guy. Why not? Our pipe smoking a chomping a tube chomping whatever he calls it Look at that the Dow is down over a hundred points the S&P is down 13. Oh, my god. Things are looking kind of bad Yeah, there'll be the date will come. Oh, you can't play that because you're picking on every fly shrimp calling him names in Yaniya You'll see that they'll come It might not be quite as hysterical as Is that but you'll see five six seven go out tell you we had a little run there for a little bit than me A little bit mostly crying a little bit of a run now. We had a few we had a couple of callers then we had that one guy Uh-oh, you're the only one who is real in the Iraq he's a cultist exactly these people must have a written down on three by five cards You know they must have a scripted and the like right winged along to here's a call from Miami. Hello You've not touched your audience. Yeah, you've lost touch with the audience again. You see other people's material using other people's old-style material A lot of that time he waited for you've lost touch with your audience except for him, of course, who he's still listening and waiting to Swing near the side of his voice. You know that was like you saw near the first time. Was it really? Yeah, no Five six seven. We have no calls on the board. We have nobody in South Florida with anything to say and you see what I'm telling you? I know all last week we've picked our way through with those polls that works like a charm They're happy. We're happy because the show goes by like it's 10 minutes and that's what the show needs generates to because there is no verbal intercourse in South Florida doesn't exist They don't have the capacity for it. A step for a bunch of old-iantas Wow, hello Randy. I think that the president is doing a wonderful job and you should only rotten hell You miserable bitch you. Yes, stuff like that. You're what I'm talking about. No, what are you talking about? Here's a lady in Pepper Pines. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, man. I just wanted to tell you you know who Jordanna Brister goes out with who's in There are cheaters really yeah, yeah, and also and team people this month in the very end It has a whole crowd thing about Tom Welling's life. He was a construction worker and a talent scout. I'll be damn Yeah, that's good. Even when he was really having a real good look I'm sure that okay. That's all I want to tell you. Well, a lot of ways to Jordanna Brister. That's very depressing. Yes, yes, I agree. Okay, thanks. Thanks. Hi there. I'm Jeetor. He looks like he's from another planet. Have you ever seen him? Oh, that's Robert Amaskin. You for right. I'm sure Carlos is seen him. Yeah, it doesn't look like an avid. I mean, you know, I mean, it looks isn't everything, but when you look like she does. I mean, he looks like, yeah, maybe he's an illegal alien like you guys 567. 056. 056. The palm 560 by the way, Dr. Phil's a scumbag in a deadbeat. Yeah, it says he morphs in Greg Reed. It says you're all get to that eventually I want an aerosmith, aerosmith rocker. Wait till you hear this article about Steve Tallah go into the Mobile Temple in New York mobile temple. The mobile synagogue. That's right. And RV transformed into a place of prayer. He wandered in and like opened up his big mouth. We're going to all of that good stuff. The templates you hear like two weeks ahead. Now what's it eight today? The attempt? The templates for the 18. So like a week and a half they're already. Why do you guys are just salivating waiting for something good? Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, moron. Here is a candle. Hello. Hi. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. Yes. I just wanted to say, um, I really like your show. I've been in like 16 and now I'm doing three and I really have anything interesting to say today. I just hope you get to the record for them. People like me. Okay. Well, then this one. Okay. Thank you. 5 6 7 0 5 60. So let me give you a little instruction again since we're back to this again, at least for one day today and I don't think we'll be doing this again anytime soon. There are two things on top shows that are just as old as Methuselah and they're they're so frightened can drive. I know you know a lot about hockey sucking around and aggregating yourself like I really love your show. Well, I mean, that's nice. But I would assume that if you're listening to the show, you probably either like it or you hate it like poison. There were somewhere in between. But you assume that you like to show and nobody cares about that. It's boring. As opposed to, hey, how you doing and here's what I have to say, which is why the way a real conversation would take place on a real talk show, although they're quite frankly aren't any of those anymore. Let's certainly you know what I'm talking about. Hi, too. Here's what I have to say. And then the other ones, which you heard many of today and that's because they have nothing to say. Here's let's open up the door for a year of sock. Where's the yard state? Ah, you've lost your right and for those people. So it's either sucking around or taking a cheap shot as opposed to have anything of substance. I said maybe some of that, you know, because I can still smell it. Yeah, God. Now it's never going to change. I just mentioned it in passing. Okay, just for your perusal enemies, we can have a little chocolate. I call it rest of us because you know it's never going to happen. Right. I got you down, but I already knew it. Oh, but how come we don't have sea span in there to talk about these. Oh, yeah. Remember those days? Sure. And there were people like scoryating me because I wouldn't invite sea span and see an end of coming and sit down in the show. So they could listen to the brilliant comments. Little people in South Florida about the things that were going on in the world. Right. These are the same people that voted for Pat Buchanan that he's talking about. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neal. Hey, Don. Okay. I'm kind of in the middle. I was just thinking about, but about all the other dictators that we got rid of like Norway, and Haiti, and men. And well, we dropped a couple of bombs and cadopies had. We got rid of him. What do we got rid of him? What do we mean? We got rid of him. Huh? What do we mean? We got rid of cadopies, still there. Well, he's there, but he's been very quiet. He died his first. Well, since we killed his kids, he kind of quite a downlaw, yeah. Yeah. There's a few bombs over there, and that's seen the quiet his half-down. Right. How do we ever get rid of 80 a minute? Remember him? Ta-da. Huh? 80 a min. Dada. That was, you talking about the guy in Haiti. I'm talking about the guy in Haiti. I, I, pop a dock was the guy in Haiti. Yeah. Do we ever, do we go to you one for that and go through all that? To give him a little, there was just a little exercise. That was where our spirit of influence sets in the Western Hemisphere. So we just got rid of him with like that. Just like Panama, right in our house, and it can work out too good. Just like Cuba. Oh, I'm sorry. Sorry, there you go. Look at again. But the rack, I guess, the guy's doing trenches. Too big of a deal just to get rid of him, I guess. What do you mean by that? Well, I mean, he's much more, he's been in power 35 years and he has a lot more power in that area than those guys did. Yeah. You know, so it just seems like, uh, can't of course the oil has something to do with it. Ah, now you get a little warmer. So, you know, I mean, well, Turkey didn't want to take a, and he could be a monster that three years ago, or five years ago, it is now. In 1998, Halibut and when Dick Cheney was vice president, Halibut, they were still doing business with them. The same evil dictated, the same evil to where the same guy who sits a threat, who gased his own people in 1998, had he gased his own people? Er, had he invaded another country? Er, but, uh, didn't stop Halibut and from doing business with him. And of course the French who have no credibility at all, because even now they're doing business with him, the French love him. They're one of his business partners, okay? So they have no credibility, even though they happen by accident to be right in this case, but they have no credibility, zero. I'm not going to sit in argue, what's the point? Well, what's the, uh, you know, why waste the effort? It's all an exercise that's what it is, because the media, of course, caves right in. They suck right along. They put on a couple of people just to make it look good, a couple of protestors, a couple of celebrities. And that's the end of that. Wow, that's from the left coast, you know, the left coast, you're saying this, and the left coast is, and anti-policy, let me say it to you, sweetheart. You pointed out this weekend very ably, even though she didn't mean to do it. Exactly why they're in a credit party, so impotent and useless. Useless, you're not even a good buffer anymore, Nancy. You suck. Because they put their finger out the window, and they were quite sure which way the wind was blowing, and they didn't want, and again, they were backed into the corner by the bush people. They want to see mom pay for you, out of which you did a very good job of doing that. Back on the anniversary of 9, 11 member that? Yeah. Now all of a sudden, well, if we would have done this, well, if chickens pee, they probably have a wet underside too, you know, honey? If we didn't do it, you have your chance to eat into a blue it. You're blue to big one. And there's the Bob, well, what's his name there for West Virginia on your body, bird, go, but, but, but, but, but, like that, dotoring old fool at ease. What's the use, man? I'm gonna, I'm gonna, this next hour you watch, I'm gonna give this Michael Moore book, stupid, why, man? Which, or be it for me, just as a few pages, I'm serious. Because it hits real close to home. About the stolen, Florida election, and about the illegal illegitimate president that we have. Yeah, what about call that I thought it was a bloodless coup, and that's exactly what it was. And that's the reason the minute that Clinton got in there, man, these hensmanies right wing lunatics, they were in there, they were doing everything in their power to get him out. When they couldn't do it out any other way, it had to come through sexual pecker dillows. Which I still recommend very enthusiastically that book about blinded by the right, by David Brock, by how they made up all of that bull crap about the, with the troopers and Arkansas, all of this crap, and they just made it up, and Rush went on the era about Hillary killed this one, and this one did, then, and it just made up as they went long. And they still couldn't get his ass out of there, and they still couldn't win a selection legitimately to they had a steal it. What a for two at his point that it happened to be in the state of Florida, and what I'm saying, where his government has happened to his brother having to be governor, they don't worry about Florida. Yeah, we'll take care of that. We'll take care of all them, dark folks. In fact, how come we're so worried about John Van Beesbrook using the inward, as opposed to what was done to dark people in the state of Florida? Shut up, yeah, you know what I'm saying? Disenfranchised. Anyway, let me tell you right now about all you dog lovers out there about a great place that's called Bark Avenue Petri Zortin Hollywood. A lot of people not too crazy about boarding their pets, including me in a pass, because a lot of places don't take good care of animals. Bark Avenue Petri Zortin is the only all natural Petri Zortin in the country, a beautiful 10,000 square foot facility that offers boarding, grooming, and they care. Whether it's just for the day to open 70 and the 7pm overnight or for several months. Your dog will enjoy the comforts of luxury with oversized towel, sweets with animal print beds, filtered smell free air cleaner than most of your homes I guarantee a purified water for drinking bathing and washing too. Bark Avenue's top notch groomers taught in French Escafe, Oxford cuts on all breeds, and they use only pure chemical free soaps in shampoos too. At Bark Avenue, your dogs aren't cooped up all day like at most places, and your dogs socialize according to their size and large players on soft agility mat flooring. In your dogs, you're always in the presence of a counselor while they play. Bark Avenue also offers fee-line boarding in their kitty condos, their rehabics included. Want to take a look for yourself? Just log out of their website, www. BarkAftetResort.com, and take a virtual tour that allows you to look in on your pet any time no matter what. Bark Avenue Pet Resort is located at 1400 South Federal Highway, column at 9504925 bark or log on to www. BarkAftetResort.com. Bark Avenue Pet Resort to the case and spot your pet will fall in love with. 5pm local VCC's 560. 3pm on your sub-cube. Gordon gives out Florida a major blowjob. Win Saniel says the smart people all listening on qa.com. Sure. Pura yeah. Others. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So I'd like to know who won the election. Can I have this? I'd like to know who won the election on the election. You can choose a election. Yeah, I'd like to know who won the election. Okay. Here's a facet says, the Suez Eneon means speaking to him. It says, in exile in Saudi Arabia, with our so-called good friends over there. You know these Saudis? The Freaking Saudis are good pizaz, or good pounce? What ethnicity was this guy that they just captured by the way? Why do you keep asking me that? I don't know. I don't know, but he was turned in by any gypsum. I see. Turn into a hardened criminal. So he turned into a prisoner. For 27 million, his Egyptian pizaz turned him in. I don't know. But he's certainly not Iraqi. I can tell you that. Right. Right. At any rate, Michael Moore, who's definitely not Iraqi, and who also voted for Ralph Nader, I should point out, which was what he said. But what he used to work for him, you know? I guess he had a spot in his heart and a vast spot in his mind. Stupid white man and other sorry excuses for the state of the nation. A book that came out like, uh, beer and a half ago. Yeah. A little less than that. And I guess I'm way behind a curve on this. I should have read this a long time ago, right? Right. And I still haven't seen bullying for a calm by, even though they're winning all kinds of awards up here for it. But I'll get around to it. Anyway, the introduction, I just just a few pages here. Can I do this? Yes. Please. Just maybe 15, 20, 30, whatever, because the call is suck is usual. And if you join us in midstream, number one, shame on you, number two, the billboards look great and as long overdue, and number three, our website screwed up. So if you can't get out of today, don't worry, I'm not missing anything on here, except the bedtime stories, right? Right. I don't want Carl's death to go through all I weren't in fine after that. Did you hear that? So one of the, is that supposed to be back up again, 830 night? Uh, he didn't hear it. There are those who say it all started when we're able to night of November 7, 2000, when Jeb Bush gave his brother George Jr., and early Christmas present, the state of Florida. For others, those upon whom a decades fortune had smiled, the turning point came when the dow had its biggest annual loss in almost 20 years. For most though, the day that music died came the night we were told Pluto was no longer a planet, and life as we knew it was as distant as the look in New President's eyes. Wherever you choose to pinpoint the exact moment when it all crumble before your eyes, it matters not. The only thing that matters is that we collectively as Americans all know that someone has pulled the plug at our all night binge, the American century, that's over welcome to your century 21 nightmare. A man no one elected sits in the White House. California can't find enough electricity to operate its juicers, which is executed inmates, it's cheaper to FedEx yourself across town than drive there. Russia and China have signed a new pack just when we've dismantled the list of the fallout shelters.coms have turned into not-coms making the Nasdaq as safe a bed as a vacuum craft scheme in Reno. The past two years have seen the most layoffs since the worst years of the Reagan Renaissance devastated the country. Instead of better chance of dating Catherine Harris or Tom Delay than of making your northwest connection a Detroit on a sunny day. What's that you say you want to talk to a real human being in customer service? Ha ha press four and kiss the rest of your day goodbye. Oh and aren't you lucky? You're working two jobs and so is your wife and you've got little Jimmy working down in McDonald's too so you can afford that new home on the tree line street with neatly trimmed lawns and little white pickad fences. And look there goes spot the week grandpa as he pulls out of the driveway. And next month you're going to make the last payment on the student loan you've had for the past one years but then suddenly your company has announced it's moving to Mexico without you. Your wife's employer has decided she's no longer needed because the new human resources consultant believe that one person can easily do the jobs of three and little Jimmy has come down with unknown illness from something eight out of the Mcnugget fryer and you're HMO says they won't cover little Jimmy's operation but they'll be happy to treat him as the outpatient if you're running to drive to Tijuana twice a week because well they've got a new outpatient clinic just across the border thanks to free trade which may or may not be responsible for the warm found in Jimmy's heavy Mcnugget. Also right the collection agency just called they'd like your new sell-acobact because you've missed a payment. Hey maybe when you go to Tijuana and drop Jimmy off you can head down the street and we apply for your old job while the associates are given their own outhouse and fed a brick free breakfast breeder when they arrive at work at five o'clock every morning. Pardon me if I was dreaming but weren't things looking up just the or so ago this keep in mind was written a year ago. What we supposed to be living through the largest economic expansion in the history had in the government ended up fifty five years of operating in the red and finally both to the cast surplus large enough to fix every road bridge in tooth in America. Air and water pollution were at their lowest levels in decades. Crime was at a record low teen pregnancies had dropped out of sight and more kids were graduating from high school and college than ever before. Old people lived longer you could call cat man do for twelve cents a minute and the internet was bringing all the world saved the tube in a so-who lived without electricity close together. Palestinians broke bread with Israelis. Catholic shared a pint with Protestants in northern Ireland. Yes life was getting a whole lot better and we all felt it. People were friendly or strangers on the street would give you the time of day and we just made the questions easier so we could have more millionaires. Then something happened. Investors lost millions in the stock market. Crime went up for the first time in a decade. Job losses skyrocketed. American icons like Montgomery Ward and TWA vanished. Suddenly we were two and a half million dollar barrels short of oil every day. Israeli started killing Palestinians again in Palestinians returned the favor. By mid-2001 37 countries were at the war or at war around the world. China became our new enemy again. The United Nations kicked us off their human rights commission and the EU attacked us for unilaterally violating the ABM treaty by reintroducing Star Wars. It was hard, damn hard to find a good movie. Minions stopped watching network television and every radio station you tuned inside of the same like crap. In short all of a sudden everything sucked. Whether it's the shaky economy, depleted the energy supplies, elusive world peace, no job security, no health care or the simple unsaid unusable ballot we were given to pick a president. It's become maddeningly clear to most Americans that nothing seems to work. Firestone tires don't work and the Ford Explore the right to top them don't work either, which means you know work at all because you're dead and decapitated lying in a ditch outside the Dunkin Donuts. 911 does some work for one-one doesn't work. Cell phones don't work when they do. It's some asshole having an argument with his broker at the table next to you while you're trying to eat dinner. Freedom of choices a thing of the past were down to six media companies, six airlines, two and a half carmakers and one radio conglomerate. Everything you'll ever need is at Walmart. You can choose between two political parties that sound like Vodalike and are funded by the same exact wealthy donors. You can choose to wear nondescript pastels and keep your mouth shut or you can choose to wear a Maryland man's and t-shirt and you kicked out a school. Written you are Christina, WV or UPN, Florida or Texas. There's no friggin difference folks. It's all the same. It's all the same. How do this all happen? Three little words. Stupid white man. Think about it. The bushboys who took the slender inheritance of poppies political mind not to mention charisma and spread it even thinner among themselves. Dick Cheney, Donald Rumsfeld, Spencer Abraham and the other old sheels, but survived a problem up. The CEOs of the Fortune 500, the wizard behind Hollywood and 500 channel TV, how the average Joe who sees 15 miles per gallon on his new car sticker when thinks not bad as the ozone clouds part above his head. That's right. The whole planet is being overrun and unconvinced and starting to fight back. One day last February in Chicago, the temperature hit 70 degrees and what happened? Everyone was like, wow, this is great. People were walking around in shorts and the beats along Lake Michigan was filled with sunbatres. Boy, I love this weather, said what they need to me on the street. You love this? Let me ask you if the sun suddenly rose at midnight tonight, would you say, Oh wow, this is beautiful. I love it more daylight. No, of course you wouldn't be freaking out on a level that's never been measured. You'd be screaming bloody murder that the earth was spinning out of control heading toward the set of the million miles a second. I doubt anybody would be running the beach to catch any of those bonus rays. Of course, maybe it's not that bad. Maybe somebody just launched the thousand warheads on Milwaukee and that's the bright light you're seeing to the north as nuclear fishing interacts with Vic and board of the breweries. Either way, you'd be ripping through so many hellmarries and god-happ mercies. You might just knock ten years off your sentence to purgatory. To be continued. Let's go now. Wow, take a while. I need a towel. And the great stuff? I have sweat beating on my lip. Do you really? No, not really. I just probably got corporate disease. Twelve minutes after 11 at 5.60 WQMD lights a west focus the place for you people on the Atkins and Skackens and other low carb diets because they got everything you need. It's a super store for low carbon sugar free diets and they continue to add new low carb food products every day. This month, the lights is introducing three new flavors of their low carb crunchy racketships and new low carb brownies by carb control and four delicious flavors with only one carb preserving. So whether it's carbolite ice cream, breads, muffins, cheesecakes, pasta and sauces, or any of the other 600 low carb foods, the lights a west focus the place you're going to be wanting to shop. And you could always try it before you buy it. They got an eligible staff and those Atkins dieting inside and up. And they're open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10. They create the most complete line of Atkins brand products in the world. They're always 25 percent off all day every day. So don't forget if you're looking for a low carb diet store, this is the place. The number one low carb sugar free store in the world, the lights a west focus and you'll find them on the northeast corner of Lades in 441 right next to Boston Market or column toll free, 1 877 low carb or find them on the web if you like it. Low carb calm. Don't forget to zone a one day lights a west bokeh and be your official Atkins retail center. You understand the best stop of the stock of every month. I have enough election officials left you confused. Here is your guy to understand how to cast your vote in on beach County, Florida. How along with me to see just how easy it can be. Let's get started. Hey, joining me here in the booth is Mr. Murmell's D who are you voting for. Now, read the butterfly ballets starting with Bushchady in the left column. You can and Chickal Grower, Mangala, Ikeman and Gerbulls in the right. Where's our label? Over there. This guy, this guy. Yes. Is this guy who makes my baby food? No. Now simply punch a hole in the 1959 Unabak key punch card. Over there. Here. Use this microscope. No. No. Okay, I punch a gun. No. No. That invalidates your vote. All right. Yeah. Punch a gun. You don't have to get in. I'll punch you. I'll also put magic on you. All right. I'm not a wringold. Remember, comrades, if you want to live in Florida. Exercise your right to vote in accordance to the little brother. Hi. 11 17 to 560. So you see if Kenny is a chronic factor. Who on Friday's pooled Grace Kelly question mark? A young punk. I'm not too familiar with her post. You think she's a worthy winner? Well, on a pull right now it's his Merlemon Robo Chiedle. Hold on. Your fake votes are Grace Kelly really. Yes. He says P.S. Kristen Crock rules. Well, I had to write the news to your Kristen's cute. But she and in the same world. Not in the same planet with Grace Kelly. No. Not even in the same category. She may have some of the same parts. We would assume. Although Clark will never find out. Anyway, getting back to a stupid white man by Michael Moore. Number one New York Times best seller that I should have read a long time ago. But I'm glad I didn't because they wouldn't be reading it right now. Just a few pages of your lentils mean if not. Bye bye. He says, So why on earth do we think of 70 degree day in the coldest month of the year? And more of the coldest cities in America is something to crawl about. We ought to be demanding action from our representatives. And Swift fretta-beast against those responsible for these climate changes. This isn't right folk. Something is terribly wrong. And if you don't believe me as that dead infected cow you're drowning in a 1a. And a 1. Sauce. He knew the answer, but we killed it before he could move it out of him. But let's not worry about mother earth. She's lasted through much worse. Let's a tree huggers lose their sleep over it. Or too bad, then busy trying to make money. Ah, money. The sweet stench's success. A couple years ago I was talking to a guy in a bar who happened to be a stock broker. He asked me about my investments. I told him I didn't have any that I don't know the single sheriff stock. He was stunned. You mean you don't have a portfolio where you keep your money? I don't think it's a good idea to keep your money in portfolios. I reply to Renabri case or even under the futon. I say a little I can and a place called a bank where I have an old time as call a savings account. He was not amused. You just screw yourself. He said, and you're being irresponsible. I remember reading you made a lot of money from your first film right. Do you know how much you could have made to have today if invested in the stock Mark 10 years ago? Probably about 30 mil. Thirty million dollars could have been mine. What was I thinking? Suddenly I got very queasy and felt like all my principles and beliefs were about to end up on my shoes. I excuse myself and went outside. Sometime after the event the stock broker got hold of my home address and started sending me weekly Mark and updates another propaganda and hope that I give him my kids college fund to gamble with on the strip known as Wall Street. Well the investment opportunity flyers have stopped coming. In the past 18 months Microsoft has gone from $120 to $40. It's about $22. Dell from $50 to $16 at pets.com and it's cute little sock puppet of Grunder Puppy Heaven. The Nasdaq is lost nearly 40% of its value and average American stuck into the madness of playing the market with their Migra savings have lost billions. Any thoughts of early retirement we may have entertained about the window will be lucky if they let us cut back to 40 hours a week when we're 82 or in Continent whichever comes first. Actually not all of us they're almost 56,000 new millionaires in the country. They made out like bandits. They made their money because they already had a goodly sum to begin with men invested in companies that got rich by throwing people out of work, Exploding children and the poor and other countries and receiving big reductions in their taxes. For them greed wasn't good it was mandatory. In fact there were so good at creating a climate of greed that the word itself on other style now it's called success And yes it comes with its own punctuation. Soon virtually no one questioned all this gluttony is wrong or obscene. It became such a part of our daily life that when his character from Texas got greedy and took an election he didn't win. We stood back and gave it to him. He wasn't being greedy after all just being smart. Just as corporate agriculture's dicey schemes to corrupt these genetic makeup of your cornflakes aren't insane or greedy that's progress. Just as the guy next door who wants the biggest SUV ever built as being greedy he just wants more torque baby. This stupid white virus is so powerful it's even infected ringers like coal and pile interior secretary Gil Norton and National Security Advisor Condolese Arise. And it's created a deep funk, a grand national funk you can feel wherever you go. It's permeated us so profoundly I wonder if we'll ever recover. Of course, we'll try hard to forget about the moment when this ugly cultural shift had critical mass. Did I say shift? Yeah, when it didn't either way it works. When this ugly cultural shift had critical mass and the forces of evil took over. I know what it is you know what it is even an idiot like Grid Hill knows what it is. It's that damn stolen election stolen hijacked abducted rip from the very hands and hearts of the American people. There's absolutely no dispute over who got the most votes. And there's a little question now about the shenanigans that took place in Florida yet he who won is not the man we're playing. We see playing waffle ball with a ball on the stop on the Sanctanoon. Yes, we're all telling ourselves nothing all that bad really happened get over we've been told. But the events of the 36 days shook us hard not to win out of us and wedge something deep in our national crawl. Nothing short of one big national Heinlec maneuver can save us now. We're stumbling around blue in the face wondering if we'll leave we'll come in time. Well, I have my job next year what will have it in my retirement fund do ice cubes count as a food group. You do not count it's a tough lesson to learn and tougher still to discover the all the stuff you've always been told to do vote obey the law. We suck on your wine cooler bottles doesn't really matter either. You might as well pull the shades and take the phone off the hook because you and your federal Americans have just been declared irrelevant. Your services as a citizen we regret to inform you are no longer required. So confusion rains and these seismic tremors of national frustration are starting to rumble beneath our feet. The grumbling isn't subsiding it's growing each day. Eight months after the election deep into 2001 a Fox News pulled an out that nearly 60% of the American public had not gotten over how Bush took the White House that we're still angry. That's a long time to harbor aggressive ill-willed toward our leader a move that's funs out of control like this with no prompting from refined sugar or opera is a move that can alter history. Maintenance of Americans from all points on the political spectrum are feeling off balance, unsure, upset, unglude the rest are in prison. The common view is that the heartland in a heartland is that the ship of state is running on fumes and no one's at the wheel after all the designated driver wasn't designated by anyone and he's a self-confressed drunk driver to boot. Hardcore Republicans are desperately hoping that big Dick Cheney can survive half-dose more heart attacks and last long enough to oversee the raping and pillaging of everything west of Wichita. What they don't realize is that he's already put the rest of the country into cardiac arrest, meanwhile he and his gang are double timing to dismantle as much of the environment to constitution and the evidence in tele-hassies they can before the EMS unit called election 2002 arrives. And if there's one thing I'm certain of, then this is unfortunately where he's wrong. He says if there's one thing I'm certain of, there's a triage of coming, the American public will be turning off the life support system on this administration. Factor than you can say, Jack Splat, Kervorky. So Hac away, Ms. Norton, last I heard, trees grow back. Boms away, Mr. Rumsfeld, in general, Paul, roll out of Sergeant McVase for you to pin medals on. Drill away, Mr. Abraham, will have you parking those big gas hogs at the Gross Point Yacht Club before you know it. Soon like good Saint-Tefards of Vermont, the elephants will be jumping from the sinking ship. The rest of us will just sit back and enjoy the show about contemplating how to make this month's house payment and where to take cover is the remains of Anton and Scali are weighed out upon us like a cold shower in January. Hey, damn it, wait, it's not supposed to rain in January. So the panic builds, the media can turn to look the other way if they want and the punnance can keep trying to sell their lives by repeating them so often they start seeming true, but we millions of Americans are going to fall for the deception. The stock market isn't just going through a natural cycle, there's nothing better official about genetically enhanced beef. The bank doesn't want to work with you to help you catch up, and the cable guy isn't coming between 8am and 5pm or any other time for that matter. It's all about you who we from top to bottom and as soon as they recognize we're on of them, the sooner we'll get our country back. Today I took my year old car with less than 4,000 miles on an end of the repair shop at the dealership where I bought it. Why? Seems that every other time I go to start the car and won't start. I replaced the start of the battery, the fuse, the computer chip, but no that has solved the problem. When I pulled a service manager on us, he looked at me with a witheringly vacant stare. All these new beetles, they don't start unless you drive them every day. I thought for sure I must have heard him wrong after all he was speaking perfect English, so I asked him again what the problem was. You see he said shaking his head and pity these VWs are run by a computer system, and if the computer hasn't read any activity, namely you turning it on and driving in every day or so, then the computer assumes the battery is dead or something, and then just shuts down the whole car. Is there any way you or somebody you know can go down to the garage and start it once a day? I didn't know what to say. If you don't start the car every day it'll die? What's this? 1901? Am I being arrogant to expect that a car I spent $20,000 on? Is supposed to start whenever I put the key in the ignition? There aren't many things left in the world these days. The sun still sets in the west. The Pope still says mid-died mass on Christmas Eve. Strom-therman still comes back to life whenever there's an ex-first lady around a group. I would have thought I could tend to at least as one article of faith that brand new car always starts period. Like 95% of the customers you've sold these new beetles to us that I live in Manhattan. Anybody in Manhattan who drives their car every day? Yes, sir. We understand nobody in the city drives the car every day. They use the subway. I don't even know why they sell these cars in the city. It's really a shame. If you tried riding the Volkswagen, is the vacate on your block you can get to start it for a few minutes every day or so? So I'm stuck with the car that doesn't run and a country where nothing works everything sucks, and it's every man-woman in state-tested child for themselves. Survival of the riches no more life votes for you or you or you. There's got to be a better way. That's the introduction. There's a few pages I'm going to read inside which hopefully are we better than that. Ah, not reading again, are you? Well, I know. It's not as good as a lot of these great calls we had today, but it's a pretty damn powerful stuff. What does it call? I'm a good part. Another poll. 27 past 11 at 5.60 WQA. I'm all we're supposed to be talking about the beast. Are good close friends and balance for life. Everybody in their brother now you turn on every channel with an informational every other one is some kind of a diet. And I'll even tell you Robbins to go with a big head in the 85th. Even he's going to inspire you to lose the way. Forget about that stuff. Okay. It's not going to work for you. Balance for life or because you don't have to do any guesswork. There's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, no calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting. You don't have to figure out the zone that which this is based on because they figured out a lot for you. All you do is pick between two choices for each meal. Everybody did that trying to program me for a lot of your little menu. And then you send it over them. And they send you back every day at 6 o'clock in the morning to your home. To your home, your work wherever a nice little black sack and inside your black sack. That's the key to lose all that weight. Three gourmies, meals, food, dishes, snacks right there in your little black sack. And the weight comes poor in off your body. It's all healthy. It's all fresh delicious food. Nothing prefabricated, no chemicals, no crap. The beast has lost almost 60 pounds on the balance for life. And he's going to be doing a lot more or else we're going to know I'm in a while. Let him do it for you too. Let him take care of your dieting plans without all that counting and all that quackery. Calm today at 9.5456.83229. You'll look a lot better and be a lot healthier for it too. 9.5456.83229. Or check them out on that wicked worldwide web at balanceforlife.com. I'm a little bit slow. This is sports radio by 6 o'clock. You way, yeah. Time to hear. Oh, no lag. All the hard burn. Don't go, don't ever eat. Time to see. Don't go, don't go. That's a hard hit him with. Don't go, don't fall. Love TV. He's president of the f***er. Great public and muscle is. And in our take it is idiot. I don't know why. They won't want to die but not easier. First comes the net for you. With president of f***er. Oh, what I've been doing. No, no, no, no, no. And get to win the world at home. Here you are. Here you are, this. Don't go, don't go. This drumming is stupid me. Don't go, don't go. And this drum is good rich kid. Don't go, don't fall easy this. Lumber than me. He's president of f***er. You don't care what it is. You got him here by hooker and brought from the creation. Oh, no, no, no, no. You and I will have to be. Are you? I'm pretty good. 5. 6. 3. 6. 6. 3. 7. 7. 5. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 9. 9. 7. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 7. 9. 7. There were over 154 million adults among us and 80 million children that's 234 million people who did not vote for and are not represented by the regime that has placed itself in power. Al Gore is the elected president of the United States. He received 539,898 votes more than George W. Bush, but he does not sit in the Oval Office tonight. Instead, I elected President Rome's the country without purpose or mission, surfacing only to lecture college students and replenishes stash of little Debbie Snackkicks. Al Gore won, Al Gore president of exile, long lived president of Alberto Gore. So who that is the man to now occupy 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue? I'll tell you who. He is George W. Bush, president in quotes of the United States the thief in chief. It used to be that politicians who went until they were in office before they became crooks, this one came prepackaged. Now he is a trespasser on federal land, a squatter in the Oval Office. If I thought of this was Guatemala, you'd believe it in a heartbeat no matter what your political stripe. But because this coup was wrapped in an American flag delivered in your choice of red white or blue, those responsible leave they're going to get away with it. That's why on behalf of 234 Min Americans held hostage, I've requested that NATO do what it did in Bosnia and Kosovo, but America didn't hate it and Lee Marvin did in the dirty dozen, sin and the Marines, launched the scrub missiles, bring us the head of Antonin Scalia. As sent a personal request, he went secretary general Kofiyan and the Hirar plea, we are no longer able to govern ourselves or to hold free and fair elections. We need you and observers, you and troops, you and resolutions, then we need Jimmy Carter. We are now finally no better than a backwater banana republic, rescue ourselves, why any of us should bother to get into more of our asses off to produce goods and services than only serve to make the junta and its cohorts in corporate America a separate autonomous spiced in within the United States has been louder run on its own time for some time even richer. Why should we pay our taxes to finance their coup? Can we ever again set our sons off into battle to give their lives defending our way of life? When all that really means is the lifestyle of the grey old man hold up in headquarters that they seized by the Potomac? Oh Jesus, Joseph and Mary, I can't take it. He says somebody passed me the universal remote. I need to switch back to the peritale that I was a citizen and a democracy with an inaliable right to life liberty in the pursuit of happy meals. The scourier was told as a child said that I mattered that I was equal to everyone of my fellow citizens and that a single one of us was beat to be treated differently run fairly and that no one was to wield power over others without their consent. The will of the people America, the beautiful land that I love, twilight's last gleaming, oh say can you see are the bells and peacekeepers on their way, hurry. The coup began long before the shenanigans on election day 2000. In the summer of 1999, Catherine Harris and honorary stupid white man who was both George W. Bush's presidential campaign, co-chairwoman Anne the Florida Secretary of State and charge of elections paid four million dollars to database technologies to go through Florida's voter rolls and remove any suspected anyone suspected of being a former felon. She did so with a blessing of Governor of Florida George W. was brother, Jeb Bush, whose own wife was caught by immigration officials, trying to sneak $19,000 worth of jewelry in the country without declaring and paying tax on it, a felony in its own right. But hey, this is America, we don't prosecute felons if they're rich or married to a governing Bush. The last date to the next felons cannot vote in Florida and sadly though I'm confident that Florida's justice system was always unimpeachably fair, that means 31% of all black men in Florida are prohibited from voting because they have a felony on their record. Harris and Bush knew they were moving the names of exfones from the voter rolls would keep thousands of black citizens out of the voting booth. Black Floridians are overwhelmingly Democrats and sure enough Algor received the votes of more than 90% of them on November 7, 2000. That is 90% of those who were allowed to vote. In what appears to be a mass fraud committed by the state of Florida, Bush Harrison company an only removed thousands of black felons from the rules. They also removed thousands of black citizens who had never committed to crime in their lives along with thousands of eligible voters who had committed only misdemeanors. Out of this happen, Harris' half office told database of her much stronger public entice to cast as why did that is possible to get rid of these voters. Her minions instructed the company to include even people with similar names to those of the actual felons. They insisted database check people with the same birth dates as known felons or similar social security numbers, and 80% match of relevant information election office instructed was sufficient for database to add a voter to the ineligible list. These orders were shocking even to Bush-friendly database. It would mean that thousands of legitimate voters might be barred from voting on election day just because they had a name that sounded like somebody else's or shared a birthday with someone on bank robber. Marlene Thurgood, the database project manager, sent an email to Emmett Bucky Mitchell, a lawyer for Catherine Harris' election division, warning him that unfortunately programming in this fashion may supply you with false positives or misidentifications. Nevermind that said old Bucky his response, obviously we want to capture more names that possibly aren't matches in the county election supervisors make a final determination rather than exclude certain matches altogether. They debased it as they were told, and long before 170-2,000 registered voters in Florida were permanently wiped off the voter roles, and mommy dated Florida's largest county, 66% of voters who were moved were black, and Tampa Hillsboro County 54% of those would be denied the right to vote on the member 72,000 were black. But calling names from Florida's records along was not enough for Harrison Hurd Department, 8,000 additional 4-bedians were thrown off the voting roles because they debased you the false list of flybines of the state, a state which claimed that all the names on list were for former convicted felons would since moved to Florida. It turns out that the felons on listed served their time and had all their voting privileges reinstated. And there were others on list would commit only misdemeanors such as parking violations or littering. What state was it that offered Jeb and Georgia helping hand by sending this bogus list to Florida? Texas? This entire incident stuck to the high heavens, but the American media ignored it. It took the BBC to dig deep into this story, running 15-minute segments on its prime time news program revealing all the sort of details and the responsibility for the scam right at the doorstep of Governor Jeb Bush. It's a sad day when we have to look at a comfy 5,000 miles away to find out truth about our own elections, eventually the L.A. Times, the Washington Post picked up the story, but it got little attention. This is solved on the voting rights of minorities was so widespread in Florida that even affected people like Linda Howell. Linda received letter informing her that she was a felon and therefore advising her not to bother showing up on election day because she would be barred from voting. The only problem was Linda Howell wasn't a felon. In fact, she would the election supervisor Madison County Florida. She and other local election officials tried to get the state to rectify the problem, but their please fell on deaf ears. They were told that everyone who complained about being prevented from voting should submit themselves for a finger printing and let the state then determine whether or not they were felons. You following this? Yeah, I'm chilled. It gets better, let me do the break. It's even better. In Florida. And then of course since then, Governor Jam was reelected in Florida as we know. Oh, yeah. It's just astonishing. It's just amazing to me how many stupid people are not just stupid white men, stupid men and women of all shapes, colors and sizes. 20 to noon at 5.60 WCM. You have $2,000 more on a credit card. If so, listen to this. Debate Cated Consumer Counseling will help you know cost use zip-o nothing. That's right. It'll cost you not a dime. Debate Cated is a nonprofit comedy. It'll contact the companies you owe money to and they'll cut your payments in half. Call 1-800-4-0-deck. That's 1-800-4 and the letters n-o-d-e-b-t. Debate Cated will help you cut your interest rate, eliminate late fees and save your credit. It'll cost you nothing. The bank pays debate Cated you pay nothing. So if you're tired of battling credit card debt, call debate Cated at 1-800-4-0-deck. Call and find out how debate Cated can help you. You've got nothing to lose. If you've had it with credit card debt, high interest rates and late fees, call debate Cated Consumer Counseling the headlet from there. Call right now 1-800-4-0-deck and don't forget to cost you not a- My and local, your sports radio 560-U.A.M. It's day in Miami town at 560-WQA. You must have been a state for me, you're a state for me. You're a state for me, you're a state for me, you're a state for me. I ain't gone. Oh, make a genuine. Oh, come. heh dunno Feld<|ja|> heh 444-502 sub-incre math Oh no! Oh no! Oh no! Oh no! 144 at 560WQMD, a 1-hanker 3 from Shulas and a Panthers and a Rangers tonight. This should be on our website, by the way, Carlos, since we don't have too much else for you to do. What the Michael Morstuff? Yeah, stupid wife man, I'm not the stuff that I'm talking about, the books that we recommend on there. Right, well, I have no control over that Eric is what it does, but a P22 it already emailed him, the picture of the book and told him that. What a guy man, a little beiner boy is doing it! That's here, a little beiner boy. We may have to upgrade his little pup tent, or are they overpass? I'm just going. Well seriously, you know where we have the books listed like Eric, all tremendous last one, what a real media. And David Brock and said, well anyway, continue, as if I may have continued, yes, please. Thank you. On November 7th, 2000, his Black Floridians flocked to the polls and record numbers. Many were met at the ballot boxes with a blunt review. And on vote. In a number of precincts in Florida's inner cities, the pulling locations were heavily fortified with police to block anyone on Katherine and Jeff's felons list from voting. Hundreds of law-abiding citizens looking to exercise their constitutional right to vote, mostly in black and Hispanic communities, were set away and threatened with arrest if they protested. George W. Bush would officially be credited with receiving 537 more votes in Algor and Florida, as it's safe to assume that the thousands of registered black and Hispanic voters bark from the polls might have made the difference if they'd been allowed to vote and cost a election without a doubt. And when he's talking about Hispanic voters, he's talking primarily of non-cubanism and around the rest of the state. On election, I'd after the polls closed there was much confusion over what was happening with the counting of the votes in Florida. Finally, the decision was made by the man in charge of the election I desk for Fox News channel, he decided that Fox should go on the ear and declare that Bush had won Florida and thus the election, and that's what happened. Fox formally declared Bush the winner. But down until I had seen the counting of votes hadn't yet been completed. In fact, the associated presences that it was still too close to call and refused to follow Fox News lead. Not so the other networks, they ran like lemons after Fox made the call or afraid that they would be seen as slow out of the loop, even though their own news reporters on the ground were insisting that it was too early to call the election. But who needs reporters when you're playing follow the leader? The leader in this case being John Ellis, the man in charge of Fox's election coverage, who is John Ellis? He's the first cousin of George W. and Jeff Bush. Once Ellis made the call, everybody followed suit that was no going back, and nothing was more psychologically devastating for Gore's chances of winning than the sudden perception that he was being the sport of our asking for recounts with drung his concession of defeat, tying up the courts with lawyers and lawsuits. The truth is that during all of this Gore actually was ahead, he had the most votes, but that was never how the news media played it. The one moment for militia night that I'll never forget came early in the evening after the never said first correctly projected the state of Florida for Gore. The cameras cut to a hotel room in Texas. First ad George W. with his father a former president and his mother Barbara, the old man appeared cool as a cucumber even though it looked like curtains for sunny. A reporter asked young Bush what he thought about the outcome. I'm not conceiting anything in Florida, Jr. piped up semi-coherently. I know you've all got the projections, but people were actually counting the votes. The networks called this thing off early, and people were actually counting the votes have different perspectives. So it was an odd moment in that crazy night of lush coverage. The bushes with their relaxed smiles looked like a family of cats that it just woke down a bunch of canaries is if they knew something that we didn't. They did. They knew Jeb and Catherine had done their job months earlier. They knew that John was holding down the fort at Fox election central, and if all else failed there was always that team poppy could count on the US Supreme Court. As we all know that's exactly what happened for the next 36 days. The forces of the Empire struck back and they did so without mercy. While Gore was stupidly concentrating on getting recounts in a few counties, the bush team was going after the Holy Grail, the overseas FCNT ballots. Many of these ballots would come from the military, which typically votes were public and it would finally give bush to lead it, denying the vote to thousands of blacks and Jewish grandmothers hadn't. Gore knew this and tried to make sure the ballots underwent maximum scrutiny before they could be counted. Sure this rank contrary to the let-ere vote be counted plea he'd made when he calling for recals, but he also had Florida law which is pretty clear about this on his side. It states that overseas FCNT ballots can only be counted if they were cast and signed honor before election day and mail them postmark from another country on election day. But while Jim Baker was chanting his mantra, it's not fair to change the rules and standards governing the county or recounting of those after the peers that once had as concluded this is the only way to get the vote to the needs he and his operatives were doing just that. Age of lie 2001 investigation by the New York Times show that of the 2490 overseas ballots and ended up being included in the certified election results, 600 anywhere considered flawed and questionable, Bush got the overseas vote by a ratio of four to five. By that percentage, 544 the votes went to Bush should have been thrown out got the math, suddenly Bush's winning margin of 537 votes is down to way, chilly negative 7. So how did all these votes end up being counted for Bush? With an hours of the election the Bush campaign had launched their attack. The first step was to make sure that as many ballots got in as possible, Republican operatives set off frantic emails to Navy ships asking them to dig up any ballots that might be hanging around, they even put in a call to Clinton defense secretary William S. Coney Republican to ask him to put pressure on the military outposts, he declined but it didn't matter, thousands of votes poured in even some of were signed after election day. Now all they had to do is make sure that as many of these votes as possible went to W. and so the real theory began. According to the Times, Catherine Harris had planned to send out a memo to her candidacy boards clarifying the procedure for counting overseas ballots. This memo was a reminder that state law required all ballots to have been postmarked or signed and dated by election day. When it was clear that George's lead was rapidly shrinking, she decided not to send the memo. Instead, she set out of note that said ballots are not required to be postmarked on or prior to election day. Hmm. What character to change her mind and the law? We may never know since the computer records that showed what happened have been mysteriously erased. A possible violation of Florida sunshine laws. Now long after the horses left the barn, Harris has turned over her hard drives to the media for inspection, but only after her own computer consultant looked them over. This is a woman who is now planning to run for Congress and she won by the way as we know. Can these people get any more shameless? Armed with the blessing of the Secretary of State of the Republicans lunch and all of campaign to make sure as broadest and responsible was used in counting these absentee ballots. Equal representation Florida style meant that the rules governing accept and served in all of your absentee ballot, dependent on what country you're from. Perhaps that would explain why in counties where girl one only two out of ten absentee ballots would not throw out. Let me try it again. Perhaps that would explain why in counties where girl one only two out of ten absentee ballots with unclare postmarks were counted in bush counties, predictably six out of ten such ballots made it on the final tally. When the Democrats complain that ballots that didn't follow the rule shouldn't be counted, the Republicans launched a fierce public relations campaign to make it look as if the Democrats were trying to screw them in and women who were risking their lives for our country. A Republican city council member from Naples was typical in his hyperbole, if they catch a bullet or fragment from a terrorist bomb, that fragment doesn't have any postmarker registration of any kind you said. Republican congressman Steve Viar from Indiana even obtained possibly illegally, the phone numbers and email addresses of military personnel so that he could gather tails of ballot and Iow to garnish sympathy for our fighting men and women, even storm and Norman Schwartzkopfwayden with the reflection that's a very said day in our country when Democrats start harassing military voters. All the pressure worked on the Wimpy's finalist Democrats, they choked while appearing on meet the press vice presidential candidate, the O'Libraman argued that the Democrats should stop creating a fuss and not be bothered that hundreds of military ballots were being counted just because they weren't postmarked. Librum and like so many others among this new breed of Democrats should have fought for principal instead of worrying about image, why will as the New York Times found out that the U.S. had no evidence that were cast on or before election day, 183 ballots were postmarked in the U.S. 96 ballots like the appropriate witness information, 169 ballots came from unregistered voters and envelopes that were in sign properly or came from people who hadn't requested a ballot. Five ballots came after the November 17 deadline and 19 overseas voters voted on two ballots and had both counted. All of these ballots violated Florida law law yet they were all counted. Can I say this any louder? In the end, when Gord did, that has nothing to do with Chad, or even the blatant repression of Florida's African American community in the right to vote, it was simply a matter of breaking all law all documented, all the evidence sitting there in Tallahassee, clearly marked without question and all done purposely to throw the election to Bush. On a morning of Saturday, December 9, 2000, the Supreme Court got word that recounts in Florida's fight of everything the Bush camp had done to face the elections were going in favor of Al Gore. By Tupi and the official Tally show that Gore was catching up to Bush only 66 votes down and counting is one bretless newscaster put it, it was critical to Bush that the words Al Gore's and the lead never be heard on American TV. With only minutes to spare, they did what they had to do at 245 that afternoon the Supreme Court stopped the recount. On the court said Reagan appointees San Bernard O'Connor and Nixon appointees chief justice William Remkwist. Both in their 70s, they were hoping to retire under a Republican administration so the replacements would share their conservative ideology. On election, Edo Conner was heard lamenting at a party in Georgetown that she couldn't held out for another four or eight years, Jr. Bush was their only hope for securing a contended retirement in their home state of Arizona. Meanwhile, two other justices with a screenest right-wing view points found themselves with a conflict of interest. Justice, parents, Thomas' wife, Virginia Lant Thomas, worked at the Heritage Foundation, a leading conservative think tank in DC, now she's just been hired by George W. Bush to help recruit people to serve it as impending administration. And Eugene Scalia, the son of George Anthony Scalia, was a lawyer with a firm of Gibson done in culture, the very law firm, representing Bush before the Supreme Court. You following that? Yeah? I'm trying not to gag. But neither Thomas Norse Scalia saw any conflict of interest and they refused to remove themselves from the case. In fact, when the court convened later with Scalia who was should now inform the explanation of why the ballot counting had to be holding. The counting of oats that are questionable egality as my view threatened the reprobable harm to petition your Bush to the country by casting a cloud upon what he Bush claims to be the legitimacy of his election. In other words, if we all let the votes be counted and they came out in Gore's favor in Gore-Wins, while Naval Imperial Bush's ability to govern once we install him as president. Let me do the break. Let me just read that one last thing again. The counting of oats that are of questionable egality does in my view threatened your reprobable harm to Bush and to the country by casting a cloud upon what he bush claims to be legitimacy of his election. In other words, if we let all the votes be counted and they come out in Gore's favor in Gore wins, while Naval Imperial Bush's ability to govern once we install him as president. 1155 at 560 WQA and Tom Lamin and Joe Prieto Hall at Pontiac GMC are proud to announce their Neil Deal March madness sale. Neil Deal number one, pick any new GMC or Pontiac in stock. Like the 33 miles per gallon vibe, prices lowest 13,998 and get 0% financing for up to 60 months. You heard me right, 0% for up to 60 months. Neil Deal number two, choose any new vehicle in stock and get you up to a $3,000 rebate. That's absolutely correct, sir. Get you up to a $3,000 rebate on any new vehicle in stock and hellet. Hallet's all so that is always great Neil deals on use car's trucks and SUVs. And if other car dealers look at you with their nose like turn up in here because your credit isn't perfect, quit it. We'll never be a problem for you when you do your car shopping at Hallet Pontiac GMC. It's another set of great Neil deals going on right now at Hallet 13411. South Dixie Highway, the same great place to have been given people great deals for over 35 years. That's US one right across the street from the falls open every day seven days a week. For more information called the Neil Deal Hotline toll free, it's one triplet five three four forty two eleven. That's one triplet five three four forty two eleven. Don't forget all Neil deals accepted credit approval. See the report today else. What is it today else? Ford today else. For long tails. Hallet Pontiac GMC and spider mile literacy. They still are professional. They're professional. Great. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. This. I like to relax. I have a merry-magnal massage. My balls. I listen to the Neil Rogers 12 to one hour. Hey. Hey Palm Beach County. Can you punch a cool thing? Can you punch a cool thing? Can you go? Are you people stupid? You're. You punch a cool thing? Yes. At this rate someone's got to do the right thing. Or will be countrooms. Till spring. So what's the difference? With the final score? Just give it to George Moche. Or give it to George Moche. What a view. Look. Go ahead. Should do the right thing. Got to be. Or will be countrooms. Till spring. Crazy the way. My. They. No. It was the time. So I want the. Please. And this thing. Pick a king. And coming ballots. Is that ridiculous thing? And will be at it. Till spring. Mol guys and go burn. They're petty and small. They don't have the sound of a. Neither could run. A store in a mall. Even a no-be ladies. It makes no difference. Which mark wins this thing. Let's wrap up the counting by spring. Let's give it to Nader. Or Pat. You can't. You're the racist. Or maybe. Poor. Well, tosses. Had. Back. I'm about. I'll be. Or. Or. Best. This long is weed on. Hats and counts. Spring. Well, I want to find 60 W to Q. I am. Howl and Michigan. The leader of an Amis. Plenagrop has been sentenced to 20 months to 15 years in prison. For sexually assaulting a 14 year old boy and his care. Let's hear it. A rabid great religionist. Will really each 50. Put innocent to a charge of first degree criminal. Psychial conduct with the minor. The later plea to Gilly to less or charge. He was sentenced on a Friday. The team is the center of a woman who was a member of his. He was living with the issues now in a foster home. At the bottom of the good old religionists. Lawly and dear field got your facts. At least there's a couple of people out there. I want to keep green. I just got about two or three more pages. That okay. Yes. Please. Why? Like all is reading. Especially like pages and pages from a book. My God. But. It's a great book. And my only. My only regret is that I didn't read a lot sooner. Yeah. Right. I want it now. Better late than never. Stupid white man by Michael Moore. He goes on to say true enough of the balance prove the gore had one which they eventually would. Then I guess that would tend to dampen the country's feelings of legitimacy about a bush presidency. In their decision to court use the equal protection cause of the 14th Amendment. The same amendment they've loudly displained when used by Blacks over the years to office discrimination based on race to justify the theft. Because of the variation in the recon methods they argue voters need to strict weren't being treated equally. And therefore their rights were being violated. Funny but only the centers on the court mentioned that the antiquated voting equipment found disproportionately in poor minority floor to neighborhoods. And created an entirely different and far more disturbing inequality in the system. Eventually the press got around conducting their own recounts of the votes doing their best to spin the jumbled ball of public confusion into orbit. The headline in the mommy heroed red review of balance find bushes win would have endured manual recount. But if you read the entire story, very deep inside was this paragraph. Pusciously would have vanished of the recount of a conducted under the severely restrictive standards that some Republicans advocated. The review found that the result would have been different of every canvassing board and every county at examine every under vote. Under the most inclusive standard that is a standard that's up to conclude the two well of all the people. Grow it a one by three hundred ninety's revotes on balance that's suggested to fault with either machine or the voters ability to use it grow it a one by two hundred ninety nine votes. I didn't vote for Al Gore rights Michael Moore. He voted for later. But I think any fair person would conclude that the world of people in Florida clearly went his way. Whether was the county debacle or the exclusion of thousands of black citizens that corrupted the results. There is little doubt that Gore was the people's choice. There was perhaps no worse example of the wholesale denial of the right of each voted to have his vote properly counted than in Palm Beach County. Much has been made of the butterfly baller which made it easy for the wrong person because of candidate names and punch holes or crammed unevenly under facing pages. The media went out of its way to point out that the baller was designed by one of the county's election commissioners a Democrat. And then approved by a majority Democrat local board. What right did Gore have to complain if his own party was responsible for the faulty design of the ballot. And anyone bothered to check they would have discovered that one of the two Democrats on the committee. The ballots designer Theresa LePore had actually been arrested Republican. She switched to affiliation to Democrat 1996. Then just three months after Bush seized off as she resigned as a Democrat and switched to voter registration to independent. No one in the press bothered to question what was really going on. Thus the Palm Beach Post estimates that more than 3000 voters mostly elderly in Jewish who thought they were voting for Al Gore ended up punching the wrong hole for Papu Cannon. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Even if you cannon went on TV to declare that no way in hell did those Jewish voters vote for him. And he also said he didn't want the votes. Remember there? Yeah. On January 20, 2001, George W. Bush positioned with his junta on the Capitol steps stood in front of Chief Justice Rangquist and took the oath that presidents take it there at inaugurations. A cold and steady rain fell over Washington throughout the day. Dark clowns obscured the sun and the parade route usually jammed with tens of thousands of citizens all the way to the White House was eerily bare. Except for the 20,000 protesters who geared Bush every inch of the way. Holding signs denouncing Bush for stealing the election, the rain soaked downstairs with a conscience of the nation. Bush's limousine couldn't avoid them. Instead it sure incrouds the supporters he was greeted by good people moved to remind his illegitimate ruler they did not win the election and that the people would never forget. At the traditional point where presidents since Jimmy Carter or St. Dr. Limos emerged to walk the last four blocks as a reminder that were nation ruled not by kings but by equals, Bush's triple armored black car with its dark tinted windows favored by mobsters everywhere came to an abrupt halt. The crowd grew louder louder, hailed to the thief stage she shouted. You could see the Secret Service in Bush's advisors harling in the freezing rain trying out to figure out what to do if Bush got out and walked he'd be booed, shouted down and telted with eggs to rest of the way. The limousine sat there for was to have been five minutes the rain poured, eggs and tomatoes hit the car, the protesters dared Bush to share a step out in the face. Then suddenly the president's car bolted and tore down the street. The decision has been made, hit the gas and get past his rattle as quickly as possible, the Secret Service agents running beside the limo were left behind, the car's tire splashing dirty rain from the street onto the men who were there to protect its passenger. It might have been the finest thing I've ever witnessed in Washington DC, a pretended the American throne forced to turn tail and run from thousands of American citizens armed only with the truth and ingredients of a decent omelet. Once the American lie, I love that, armed only with the truth and ingredients of a decent omelet. Once the American lie put the pedal to the medler ran for cover to the bulletproof reviewing stand in part of the White House, many of Bush's family and invited guests at our redelistic adrye. But George stood there and wave proudly at the marching bands their instruments disabled by the rain, the long parade of floats willed and crumbled by the time they arrived at the 1600 block of Pennsylvania Avenue. Every so often lucky convertible pass by, carrying the few dampened celebrities Bush had convinced honor him, Kelsey Grammar drew Kerry Chuck Norris. By Paradesan Bush did alone on the stands drenched, even as parents having deserted him for shelter. It was a pathetic sight, the poor little rich boy who came in second showing up to claim his prize would no one there to cheer him on. Sat are still were the 154 million of us who had not voted for him, and a nation of 200 million voters that would say we constitute the majority. And yet what could George W. have been thinking other than, what me worry? There were plenty of hired hands to be installed in the White House pulling the strings for their puppet president. With that he's old buddies called back to the seedland of hand, George could sit back and tell the public he was delegating. The puppet masters moved in and the business of running the world would easily be left to them. That's all I'm going to read. Wow, I absolutely want to puke. There you go. Stupid white man by Michael Moore I go out and buy ten copies today. And force everybody to read. It's just it's so astonishing to me. I don't know why it should be to hear these these two card lines that these people are reading. And even he had his press conference here. The last question is that answering the question he just goes back into this. Well, we've waited for 12 years now and he gased his own people and he invaded another country. Which were things that didn't make a guy damn, but a different than until he got a little carried away and Kuwait. We went in there and saved our friends the Saudis. Because I was scared spitless. But other than that, we didn't give a flying crab. I mean, with the with the microscope of the entire world on him now with all these inspections, which they could double or tribly inspectors and keep this going on for years, if they wanted without all of this bloodshed without murdering innocent people. It would not subjecting our troops to whatever kind of horror is waiting them when they corner him like a rat. But we don't want to do that because it's all the die like I told you a long time ago has already been cast. And isn't it ironic that they came up on that settlement date with a brits in the US of March 17? Yeah. And when they had that article days and days and days ago, saying the troops have been told, you're ready for a March 17 attack date. Are we even decided? There's no debate going on. There's no honest debate of any kind? Anyway. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And so you see like I told you before, those seven or eight months when I was reading the bedtime stories, I felt like satisfied, you know, like almost a sexual experience. Yeah. I'm having, you know, put something out on here that was worthwhile. The only problem being the audience. Huh? I loved it. The audience doesn't want to hear that. The audience wants to see our bunch of nothing. You've lost your audience. You went, where did the George stage? They want to hear that. Another poll. Yeah. Another poll. Oh, thanks for not doing another poll. That's what the audience is to stop for at a once. That's where the intellectuals want. Even though they had so many of them there right to vote this in French. They don't give a flying pig. They couldn't give a crap less. Even though we're being censored on this guy, they am radio show because the pressure from, right, right, right, right, right wing, alone this or manipulating and using other people of censorists because they care so much about dark folks. Right. Fox news, my freaking ass. Who the hell are you people kidding? The Bush News Network. And everybody else crumbles in MSNBC. They'll crumble, rather, Roger L. Story lasted for about five minutes. They didn't want to talk about that. Because they're all scared of their own goddamn shed. When that's why you never get to truth from the mass media. Never, never, ever. What do you get to real truth from the mass media? All I want to do is make them sure they keep those spots on here. That's it. Here's a call from Homestead. Hello. Homestead. Get a gun. Yes, sir. That's not a good time story. What is this? It's not a bedtime story. Yeah. That's a fairy tale. Yeah. Maybe you and him should, uh, he'll okay. Great. Good call. There you go. Homestead. Who waited for an hour to say that? Waited for an hour to tell me that. Yeah. Because no matter what would have been the stuff I read, he wouldn't listen to any of it anyway. Before he started reading the guy was on. Yeah. The minute I started it, he was on there. And he's been on there hanging the whole time. So he didn't listen to the substance or the essence of one word of it. Here's Cooper City. Hello. Cooper City. Hello, Neil. Yes. Excellent book. But I called last week. I told you about the book 1492 to present. Yeah. Howard. Howard. Yeah. You told me already. Right. Okay. Thank you. You called me last week and told me the same thing. See what I mean? There's like 50 colors. There's 50, uh, sports show colors. There's 50 of our colors. And then we've heard from about 10 of them today. I mean, you know, I don't want to sound unappreciated. But this guy called said the same thing last week. And he's telling me, call the incident the same thing last week. And I haven't got the Howard's in book yet. Okay. I'm still looking for the Gorvid Al book. How many books can I read all at the same time, you know? Bob, third man. There you go. That's what I'm working on. Bob, third. Man, what are we response you when I'm saying? If you're going to expect response when you take an hour and a quarter of a overtime or whatever, how I took to read all of that stuff, you might as well be farting into a guy named Winstorm into a hurricane. Go out and take a big dump into the middle of our turn right there and tornado and see how much impact it has. That's the impact to have in South Florida. Land of the dying home of the desperate. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, I'm a district for inch by Florida from 2000. My ballot was thrown out. So my ballot got torn. Got her. I'm sorry. I mean, to Carlos, listen, can't we find if we can get some people on the side, these same chronic people, you don't you know his voice? Don't you know that. I think that was it because it sounded like a way when. Oh, my God. I hear these people in my sleep. I think 27 years is enough. You know what? I think this is enough. I think Neil plays music from now on starting tomorrow. Neil and his hits all the hits all the time. Oh, yeah. What? Sounds good to me, man. I'm serious. We need some of your colors. Got something to say. Not just the same voices of the same tired, freaking old people. My God. What is wrong with that town? What is wrong with that goddamn town? Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes. Good afternoon. Or good evening. Whichever time it is. Good morning. Yes. I have to pick up that book. I was in the book. It was a good one also. But I heard a little something on the. LR in this morning on public radio because I don't listen to the Mollister and the EPA has now turned around and changed the. Clean up act for cleaning up after you. Build for construction sites and they made even to one acre. They gave a two year furlough to oil and gas. And that's the right. We had that. We had that story on our website over the weekend. That was one of our stories that we put on there. Yeah, well, right now computer literate because I'm taking care of my and her apartment. So I don't get to see that much. Right. It just goes to show that all this is. Isn't that money? Fill in these people's pockets? And it just get more and more ridiculous. And if people want to wake up especially in this town because they've been looking for it. It's unbelievable. I have never in my life. I'm maybe was fortunate for me to spend such a big chunk of my life in that place. Because it makes me realize anytime I come anywhere else including here in Toronto. How different the rest of the world isn't be grateful for it. Well, you have to read other news papers from other places. You have to pick up certain things. I don't have the cable network where I am now. And I can get it. But I get as much as I can with BBC and trying to pick up stuff like that. But if you continue to read all of the flop that you get down here and you just listen to the media that's fed you on regular TV or cable. We're on sad shape. So you got to pick up what you can and I appreciate for you for the bedtime stories. You're doing a decent job, my friend. Okay. Thanks a lot. I mean, I may go back to it. Screw it. You know, must doesn't like it. And probably parents don't like it. And Greg, he didn't even know what her screen read of an Anna. He don't know what he's doing since he screwed up the whole station. How about just go back to it after I come back from vacation. Just go back to bedtime stories. It's a lot of work. But it's, uh, if sure has held beats sitting here one out of every 20 calls might be something that somebody would want to put on the ear. You're something that we haven't heard 50 million times. You're being nice. That guy that kind of called and said about his vote being this in French. That's, I mean, how could you not know that voice by now, my God. I hear him in my sleep if I died tomorrow. I'll still be hearing his voice in my box. In my grave, I'll be hearing that voice. Oh, rookie Honda. What was it? He's the rookie. He's the rookie ears, though. No. I'm not so much talking about you. I'm just, I'm just talking at the wall. You know, I'm barking at the moon at the old concomo. 1215 at 560 WQAM. You know, another year has come and gone. We're early into the new year still. And if you made some new years resolution to us, Bruce and that pass. Even though it's March, you still can do it. Call our good friends and drive concepts because when they get your carpets really clean. It looks like they're brand new laid right on your floor. And drive concepts is the only service in the world that dry cleans. You're carpeting your drapes. Your expensive area rugs. And believe me, your friends will think they've got all brand new because that's how spectacular they make them look. Nobody else in the world does this. And the world's be doing it. Because dry concepts, visions, we know there's stuff inside and out. They suck out even the deepest down dirt in the fibers of their carpeting. And make them look like he just paid a fortune for brand new carpeting. The leave your carpets will free vibrant and color softer the touch. They smell like many fresh. They're drying a couple of hours. And you'll have a big fat smile on your posts. And don't forget when it's time to clean your post. And other furniture too, it's time for dry concepts. If you have a problem with pet orders or mill dooders, cause by water damage, no problem dry concepts will brave their magic wand and make them look just like brand new. So you're too yourself to do business with these folks just one time. Because I guarantee you'll be using them the rest of your life. And as far as prices concern, no rip off, no gains. They give you a written guaranteed price fee for they start doing a job. Just one more reason I've used them in my house for more than 20 years. Caledry concepts, toll free from anywhere, 1-800-248-5071. 1-800-248-5071, or log on to dry-a-dryconcephs.com. Don't forget not just to slogan it's their business when they tell you. To clean today, entertain tonight when you use dry concepts. My life and love. This is 4-3-0-5-6-4. You're way too way. Our David's a bit. You're way too much. You're way too much. You're way too much. You're way too much. You're way too much. You're way too much. You're way too much. You're way too much. You're way too much. You're way too much. You're way too much. You're way too much. You're way too much. You're way too much. You're way too much. You're way too much. You're way too much. You're way too much. You're way too much. You're way too much. You're way too much. You're way too much. You're way too much. You're way too much. You're way too much. You're way too much. You're way too much. You're way too much. Do the power of the sweety she says, she drives me crazy. Try and make the braク ass look more cool, Oh, cool. Oh, like, what's 21 at five 60W here? So anyway, I just want to see if the rainy messages, if any packages that you're on up today. Yeah. No. I do like that. I don't like that. So that thing that you sent me on Friday if it doesn't show up here like tomorrow. Right. To show that I do on Wednesday, they're going to have to shut down a Cleveland clinic and all sit around and listen while I do that show just in case. I mean, that's just it's just unbelievable. I'm comfortable. And these people are see the doctors are never going to a sympathy out of me if they have to be five million a year. Malpractice insurance tough cookies. They made their own bed now. They're another crap in it. Okay. Too bad. Because the way that these people do business and the care that they take care of individuals, you can't complain about it because generally there isn't any. So it's unbelievable. I'm comfortable. Anyway, so I got some gossip by the way. Yeah, good. And it also reminds me of something a whole bunch of things. Are you starting up again? Yeah, I am. I'm going to. Thanks to floor is by the way that brought us some nice view. It's the best in the city. It is. It's the best in the studio as a matter of fact. Good. And anyways, the point out is that this whole a lot of the conference that we're not remember the big fight between Doreen and Howard. Right. Doreen and Hanhoe. Oh, Mo. Mo. Sorry. Um, has a lot to do. There's see. There's a lot of friction. There's already a lot of action going. Just beneath the surface there because he's really pissed off about the fact that they're doing a promotion with the beast who he hates. Well, what do they want to do? Get him a date? He's always talking about his wife and being a happily married man. What are they going to do? Do a promotion with him? The fact that they're doing something acknowledging the beast's present. He's, uh, he's getting attention from stations. I hate to break the news. I hate to break the news. Just the mode, but just because you don't like somebody doesn't mean the rest of us are going to dislike him, especially since all the rest of us hate you like poison. In fact, it might encourage us to like them more. Right. Because if you dislike them, it means that they're probably not so bad. So all the business is common about why don't you go kiss Hank's fat ass like you've been doing all week and all of this is what he was screaming at that. That has, yeah, right. And kids not because it was Hank's idea. That promotion was Hank's idea. Right. So of course, the promotion department is kissing his fat ass or something for the be. Let me, let me say it again because I'm just, you know, I had a stroke three weeks ago last night. Don't have another word. I should cover you. I feel pretty good. But I want to say this. The idea that this insanity, I have never seen anybody who claims to be a management person allow anybody to come into a place of business, which we supposedly are, even though we don't pay our bills to good. But a place of business, which we supposedly are, always crowing about with the number one billing station in the whole market, we got good numbers, we kick ass, we do this, we've, and allow one person to come in and create the chaos and disruption in the anti-human element. If I could tell you being here, if it were only for the reason that I don't even have to be in the same building with him, which I don't have to see him when I come in here, because he hides in the studio when I'm down here. But just not just knowing that I'm not in the same building, it makes it so much more pleasant right off the top. But wait, there's more. I can't stop. Yeah. So the whole thing that's already the beginning? Well, yeah, that's what was bubbling under the surface. What caused the bubble to burst was apparently, and this is according to witnesses, he wanted some more passes or tickets or whatever was that they were giving away there. And Doreen said, how many? What was, whatever it was, I don't know, whatever they were giving something, some worthless trachequies out of the table there. Yeah. And he wanted some more tickets or whatever it was to give somebody some money, somebody that came by, maybe somebody who knew who knows. And she said, well, how many more do you want? And he took that as his, she was being sarcastic. She didn't have the right timber in her voice. I see. And then that's what caused him to blow up and she gave it right back to him and everybody was congratulating her afterwards and sluffing her on the back and saying, Kudos, because she gave it back to him. You better watch your back, Doreen. We had to watch your back zagsong a few weeks ago. Now it's going to be, watch your back Doreen because now you'll be the next one on his list and try to get fired. Did it? Doreen. You asshole. I was going to, I'm starting to like her a lot better now. Yeah. Right. Don't you think? Absolutely. She was her one. And I congratulate her for having the balls. Right on. Big, big round ones to give it right back to him. And I take any crap from a, from a surly old, crusty piece of turd like that. Just tragic. Just pathetic. But Greg Reed is forced it on his radio standing. You know what? It's interesting that this is all happening right now because it all goes back a year and a half to the first of these series of very jackass articles. Wow, he wasn't happy with a first team and their numbers were so great. And Baba, I'm here with you. He would kiss the goddamn ground right now. He would eat four pounds of dog manure if he could get the first team back. I guarantee that I'll bet your life on it and Carlos too. That's right. That it worth much. That's well. I'm telling you right now. So see, he made this mess and now all of us are stewing in it. All of us are smelly to man. Oh my god, the aroma of the stench is just unbelievable of what this man has created. If there's a buck, I smelly. We'll smell this, okay, ma'am. That's for you. You crusty old fart. You silly old goose would checkered pants and bad hair. Verico's veins. God, he's enough to make me pop a big, roi right here on grief-sized hemroy. Right on his chair. Club 27 at 5.60 WQA, you know, guys, size does matter. We've been time that for a long time. A lot of you are in denial. According to the Florida Department of Labor Computer professionals have got big, impressive paychecks. And you ought to have one too. According to the state of Florida Computer careers among the highest paid and highest demand and fast rank it up huge, even you know, high-pain computer career just four short months. They've got locations all over town and canble Miami for a lot of their Pemberpons. With day eating and weekends schedule so they make a convenient for you. So no, no longer is there any excuse to stay in a dead end, low-pain job working for some real shmuck for some real no-tallet moron. When you can start having a real income and some real talent yourself. Pick up that phone and call fast-trained right now. Get all the details. There's no obligation. Call 1-8-6-6 fast-trained and get yourself some skills in a real career. That's 1-8-6 fast-trained. They've got full-time job placement guaranteed financing too. Check them out of the web if you like it fast-trained.com or call them two day and get yourself started on the road to some real big fat paychecks. 1-8-6 fast-trained. Like I love to watch boobs and butts and boating. What's the crat they played on the whole? That's power. Well, garbage. The kids today don't know what's good. Like that song, I'm happy I live in a split level head. Do you remember that? How can you listen? I'm happy I live in a split level head. I'm happy I live in a split level head. You remember that? No. Why am I so wronged by more ons? Come on, how is it? Don't you go me, how is it? There's nothing support in it you've been you broke. No! Come down. You're so special. Okay, that's it. You're all fine. You're fat-stoped the whole thing. You listen to me, you're fine. You're the one who's going to die. You're who I am, I'm the king of power, guys. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. I came down here after losing my child. To be a big fish. You're not a little part. When they kicked me off, he asked me and they told me don't come back again. I had some problems with my guys who would buy Steinwood, too foul and nice. Sure, I'm rude to you. Fire! That makes me a little more wee night. I can't fuck you. You're all biased. I hope that kid does what I. I hope he's dying. I hope you're all dying. I'm a big fish and a little punk to see you. I'm a big fish and a little punk. I'm a big fish and a little punk to make me a little punk. I'm a big fish and a little punk. I'm a lot of somebody else who I need. Yeah. Good luck or so, yeah.