What's the matter pal? Prozac now working? Lithium just doesn't seem to do it for you anymore. Are you unable to cope? Then you need to talk to your doctor about new? Fug it all. It laws coming for the holidays? Fug it all. Boss riding you again? Fug it all. Wife being a pain in the ass? Fug it all. Fug it all has been prescribed in Europe for years, and thanks to a loophole and FDA regulations, is now available in the good old US-AVE. Patients using Fug it all should be aware of the following side effects. oily discharge spontaneous air laws. Genital shrinking is steric of blindness. Kidney stones. Uncycling nail fungus. Reckful bleeding and worms. So, when the pressures of everyday life get you down... I need this on my desk by seven o'clock! Test came back positive. I'm pregnant. Bonnie! Just reach for that little blue bottle and say... Fug it all. I've been a little tired of that crap, I can tell you right now. I'm sick, and I don't feel I'll be okay. Yeah. That. Anyway, I've come bad news, man. Some very sad news, and I'm extraordinarily depressed. I don't know why I'm so depressed. It's not like he was a close personal friend, but he was a good guy. Yes. We like machinery. Haven't I always consistently said that on the show? Yes, I have. And what a contrast in those great days that I would be coming on mid-days, following my career in a morning, as opposed to what we got now. On two legs. That's what we got. You turn. Excrimate on two legs is what we got preceding us now, as opposed to a really good guy, a machinery. Never created any waves, never stole a freight train, and Mike died on Friday. In fact, I just amazing. You look back at IOD and you know what I'm alive, blame? Bob Neil. Bob Neil, Bob Green, Cox Broadcasting, killed my machinery. Are you young punk-sotted? I want to go into radio. Don't do it. Do not do it. I've been turning that for a hundred years, and my advice today is stronger than ever, because I've seen that happen. If you work in this business long enough, sooner or later, somebody in management will ruin your life and screw your ass over. No, I don't believe you. Or maybe somebody, even not even in management, not to mention Moal again. Because the Moe, I think, about him the sicker I get. Before I get back to my new rate, which I want to talk about him for a little while, like maybe four hours. You people out there, you've got to grow up. Are you ever going to grow up? No. I heard a call on this station on Friday that had to be all the other ones, even the guy that talked about aren't we blessed here, Jim. This on a mad dog show. Jim, Bo, where are we going to do? What happened? And this was before the Hercouns lost that game. This was still about the Miami game, which was five days before. And when you please, please, you sport nerds get a goddamn life. Get your priorities in order. It's just a game. If that's your life, it's time to like, end it all. Fuck it all and end it all. That's right. Pop a couple in your person and blow your brains out and save the fresh air for somebody else that might put it to some good use. Jim, Bo, why don't we go? I love to have that call on tape. I love to have that. Just the first few lines. I mean, sounded like his dog just had wild diarrhea all over the middle of his bed. Well, he was in it. What are we going to do? And then that asshole who called from Ohio State called us. He calls Eddie Kaplan. Same one. Oh, we've been listening on the internet all day. And how come you guys aren't talking about the above all of a sudden crap? So if this time was that depressed before the Huracouans game. And I heard also people call into the Mad Dog sin. Well, you know, that game's in a past. Let's forget about the dolphin because we got the national championship now. Uh-oh. Uh-oh. Something happened on. And if anybody believed me that I was going to root for the Huracouans. Did you believe that? Were you buying stuff? Comes running in here with the U of M T shirt. I just said that just to piss off those idiots from Columbus. That's all. Just to discourage them from continuing their aborted behavior and wasting our time. What are their calls? Of the disgrace. The day I lose for their Huracouans will be okay. That will be the day that I go in there and give a big kiss to them all on his bald spot. That'll be the same day when I start rooting for that to the outfit. And they're going to be whining about the interference call. And I see even the governor headed, chime in on that. You see that? Even governor Jebster. Sucking around for you. Don't have to suck around for votes in the Gables. He's got them all locked up. Sucking their ass. Anyway, getting back to this story. Very depressing. Mike Winnery, 60 South Florida Radio personality from a three decades. The great entertainers is what WID was during those days. The heyday of that before we really went into another era. Big Wilson, Bill Colleger, my good close personal friend. And the Mike Winnery, they were the great entertainers and now they're all there. Hello. Welcome to Big Radio. Right. They're all dead. What? And all three great guys. That's the thing that pisses me off. Guys, guys, on a state-to-date time, Rick Weaver and Sunny Hersh, they're dead. One of the two good guy. Well, we've written the smell to good. I got along fine with him. Me too? Yeah. We like Rick Weaver. As a matter of fact, let me, there's another good example for you. Back in those days, we had Ranirious Delet in. And we had Rick Weaver doing it off a game. A fan of getting to blew the blow, the, uh, a blew the, uh, a blew the white selection. How do you like that, Mr. Weaver? Oh, make mistakes? So maybe he didn't smell so good. But he liked to beat his feet on a Mississippi, uh, how's that go? Mud mud. And then when he, when he retired, when they actually forced him in a retirement, he went out to Mississippi after his wife died. Head of self a good time. Maybe a little bit too good at a time, but then he died. Mike Winnery, one of the first funny morning show personalities in the 1960s in the pop and a voice in South Florida Radio for 27 years died Friday after we've built as he was 60. How come the Sun Sentinel missed this story, Tom Jicka? Oh wait till I get to Tom Jicka. And his big story Saturday about the Enron movie that unless you got 18 satellite dishes like I do, you don't see in South Florida last night because they pre-emptated for a stupid heat basketball again where the heat lost by another 80 points. Thank God for having 40 satellite dishes. Tom. Maybe I didn't miss it. Maybe it wasn't a sunset over the weekend, and I just didn't see it. You think that's possible? Highly unlikely. Winnery known for his folksy style spent the latter part of his radio career on Waxie AM790 where he hosted the morning's rock from 1993 to 1998, but I didn't realize he was there that long. Did you? You did? Yeah. When his contract expired, and nearly 80s had been a popular host of WIOD610, a support of a charitable causes in Miami over the years, Rittery raised hundreds of thousands of dollars for the Boys and Girls Club serving on its board of directors for several years. In November 2001, Rittery was inducted into the Ohio Radio and TV broadcast whose Hall of Fame and recognized on the floor of Congress by longtime friend and former mayor of Cleveland, U.S. Representative Dennis Gocenich. Born June 9, 1942 in Pittsburgh, Kansas. Not in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, but Pittsburgh, Kansas, which I never heard of until this moment. Winnery grew up mostly rolling Earth Carolina. During his 46-year radio career, Winnery worked in Chicago at Land of Jacksonville in Cleveland, and in addition to his wife, Barbara and children in Mark Winnery, Jennifer Goldstein and Leslie Russo, Winnery survived by daughter-in-law Robin Winnery of Atlanta and four grandchildren, and we sent our condolences to Barbara and the whole Winnery family. In lieu of flowers, donations can be made in Winnery's name to the Boys and Girls Club of Miami, their charity of your choice, private services have already been held. Breedy Pressing, very sad I'd blame the Cox people they wrote in the, and I also blame you a good fat friend, Henry Barrow. And Mark Benson, bald-headed Mark Benson. Who stabbed him in the back at Waxy? How do you like that? Hi, Scott, Henry. By the way, Henry, I don't think you're going to be around too long. You're getting really fat. He was in here like back in November with his lovely daughter. She's lovely. He's not. Yeah, remember when they stabbed the poor mucky in the back of your Ticova that show that took the show away from? How long that last about five minutes? I don't think they were on a month to be honest. How's Roger doing? You're a good friend, Roger. Now, what was the story? Was he on with him? Was he part of that? No, don't just make something up out of our personal peak. Would you have a habit of doing? I don't recall. You have a habit of making things up like that just because you hold a, you hold a grudge and speaking of drugs. Oh, brother. I got so much stuff to talk about here. It's just coming out of all parts. Now, remember about a month ago when I was here last time back in late October, early November, somebody called and said, they heard Mike on the air and he sounded like he was drunk. Yes. And then somebody else said, it sounded like he had a stroke. Yes. So, but at least he had, it just says he died after a rebuild as it doesn't say what he died from. But we're very sorry to read that. And of course, like I said, he's dead now. And that was what I thought. I was sitting into my car on a corner of 441 knives there this morning, right outside He waiting for the light to change to make my left answer and to come to work. And I thought to myself, he's dead. And certain other people are alive. I don't want to mention any names yet. Do you want to say it? Do you want to? Do you want to? I'm thinking every time someone dies, I think. Haha, do you really? 11 past nine at 5.60 WDQA, well it's a new year. And I know what you're all thinking. And how did I gain all this weight? Well, don't despair because with the adkins low carb diet, these pounds can be gone before even Sadie Lights of West Boca. The lights of West Boca, a mega store for the adkins died of any low carb sugar free diet is the place to shop. Good reason to join the thousands who traveled to the lights. They've got over 600 delicious low carb food products, like their new control carb Chopmet brownies in four scrumptious flavors, only one and a half carbs. So whether it's Carbel at Ice Cream, Breads, chips, muffins, cheesecake, pasta and sauces, the lights of West Boca is the place you want to be shopping. And you can sample anything of the store before you buy. They have a knowledgeable staff who we know they're crap and they're open every day, seven days, week from 10 to 10. They carry the most complete line of adkins brand products and the universe that always are 25% off all day every day. But now you've heard the reports where the studies have rate the adkins die number one. So do the smart thing and hit the number one low carb sugar free store around. The lights of West Boca on the northeast corner of Glaze in 441. Next to Boston Market are called 1-877 low carb around the web. You can find them at low carb.com. Don't forget there's only one the lights of West Boca is your official adkins retail center. We are supposed to win you 560. You weigh yeah. We'll tie it to that crap. I can tell you right now. Hey, ready to air. Many of your dreams run from Nike's Double Talk School. That's right as school a double talk with old Uncle Mike. You ever have those embarrassing social situations where you just don't know what to say. You know, words, failure. Well Uncle Mike can help. By teaching you to say, half as much in twice a time with half the brain power. We'll reduce your embarrassment by 50%. You're lonely being embarrassed half as much. Because instead of thinking up to something to say, you only got to think of one something. Maybe only half as something or something like that. You know when you meet a girl and you say, My, you look lovely. Then instead of thinking up another clever line, you just say, my, my, how lovely you look. It's simple, it's painless. Best of all we have easy payment package plans. We got package plans at the School of Double Talk. Where is this place you ask? Why don't I go ahead and ask? By the last one place. I lost my place, but I got to keep talking because we don't do retakes. We don't do no retakes at WIO and D. I remember, ah, old Mr. Eagle there used to blow his nose. I had to middle a couple of his spots there. That can be old and raised. Here is, here it is. Part N01 North Bay, causeway and beautiful North Bay village. That's the Uncle Mike a Double Talk soul. That's the school of Double Talk. I see a blink. And the blood has a flashing sign on the side. The sign says, hi, my name is Neil. I'll wait a minute. The blimp. You also think I remember that morning. How do you like that? What a memory. And I'm also remember the morning when Bob Green called me to his orifice before my show that day. Bob Mikey was still sitting there on the ear on the notes. Tim on a Friday morning and says to me, now we've decided to make a change. We decided to let Mike go. We decided to make. Don't be talking to him. Okay, don't pay any attention to him. Pretending not there. That little piece of turd. Just ignore him. Cause I'm getting on a plane right now and getting out of here. If you're going to, if this is going to go on every goddamn day. If the two of you spicks are going to sit there and talk in Spanish while I'm trying to do a radio show. And just ignore my fan old ass. Remember what I told you about him? Just pretend he's not there. Okay, you'll be a lot of you'll be way ahead of the game. Apparently they showed that everyone movie on 33. What does that mean? Somebody just called me. Who the hell would know that? Not me. I mean, unless you caught a thing in the beginning where they say if you want to see the thing, I turn over to 33. And I don't really that, but how come Tom Jika and his big column here on Saturday in the Sun settle in CBS movie and right looks like a gas, but it was running on E. It was a damn good movie last night. Not to piss off the Pope, I'll tell you. With the crooked E. Excellent. How come in this story? Does anything about the won't be on channel 4? They're going to be farming it out to 33. I don't see that on their little Tommy and your big column about this story. I see if the story was so good, which it was, to let people know where they can see it. It would be a real good idea. But no, not in this God forsaken place. And here's the poll from a Friday. Now you notice we've been on for like 15 minutes. There isn't one call about McWinnery dying, not one call. 27 years he labored on the E.R. in this market about the same as I've been on here. 27 years and he dies is not one call. We worked for him for how about nine years. Well, he was there the whole nine years, but I would say like seven when you seven. Seven years. And there's not one call on this board. For people to say they, whatever, something. Just to show a little common decency and a little respect, which you people don't have in his town. I can't wait for the day that I croak. I don't mean that literally, but you know what I'm saying? You just imagine what that's going to be. Oh, well, he was okay. And he was a real bastard. And now let's move on to next ball game, you know. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Shame on you people, man. Shame on you. What a disgrace. He wasn't controversial. He wasn't a great innovative broadcaster. He was just a good guy. He was just there. He was like a friend. Right? The dos fishing reports did the fishing reports and a lot of hokey cori stuff. But it was, he was, you know, he had a lot of water listeners. He was on for a long time. And he was a good guy that was the best part. And always nice to me. And even the George, which really says a lot, fact he was nice to George. I mean, look, I'm nobody's perfect. That was wrong with you people anyway. You're going to wake up and stiff the crocodiles and the depitals or what? Heartless place this is. This is a cool vicious heartless place. And all they care about is, oh, we got to the ball game. Why are we going to do gym ball? What are we going to do? You silly sports holes, man. I don't have somebody sniffs your jocks, Refinance, sticks it up your ass. I can't stand it. A bunch of silly ass people. And you think that this was such a great sports town, you know? Put the Panther game on on Waxy. And we don't even get one call about. Juggs McDonald's ready to come here and yank most wigg-off just out of spite. He's so pissed off about it. Is what I'm here in. That's what I heard through the rate fine. That Juggs is forming it the mouth. Plus he knows that guilty wants his job next year. He might eat up might come storming in here during that morning. Show one of these days and take care of both of them. He might do a tofer. You know what I'm saying? The old jugmized there. He might just reach and bend right down and fart in both their faces. And if Juggs farts in your face, will he have me? You'll know it. It's like when Fatboy was in here early to get on at scale. I have never, and because I try not to look, but he walked right by me here. I've never seen an ass like that in my life. There are small tans of a town in Montana smaller than his ass. Guaranteed. There are villages in South Florida. Like like two egg, you ever been to two egg, you know? They have that stop-life. I've been through two egg. That's not as big as his ass. Did you notice that ass when I went flying by the sub? But not flying when I went creeping by the sub? On the walker? I noticed the workout pants. Jesus, K Christ. And they're talking about the way that I dress. This is a guy who goes out to represent the radio station. He's one of our sales holes. He goes out there in public and represents us. And he's wearing nylon stretch pants size 99s. The likes of which nobody has ever seen him. History of the human race. They use him as the human target when they start looking over to Baghdad. Just zero in on any part of him and you got to be close. He'd make a great human shield. Here's our good friend, Terri Griffin. How are you, Terri? Hi. How are you doing, Neil? Okay. I just found out. I just got in the car and found out about Mike. I don't think it was in the sunset and we're on Saturday or Sunday. No, they missed this all together. I certainly did but I worked with Mike starting in 1991, and of course that was the Grunt of the Newsroom. And that guy treated me like a queen. He treated me like a queen to his matter. He treated me like a queen to his matter. I'm so excited. I just got to work with Nick to you. And I know I'm kissing your butt, but it's true. And he just treated me like I knew what I was doing, even though I didn't have time. And I'm so sorry to hear that news. I really, really am. Yeah, he was one of the good people. You know, all the people that we've worked with over the years in his business. And they're good people and bad people in between, but he was one of the good guys. He was. You know, sending her, sending her, she's gone. And now Mike, we're nearing. Yeah. What are we going to do next? What are you doing these days, Terri? Oh, I'm working at Gloves 94. Really? Yes, I'm. Doing that in the morning. And that's why I just got in the car a little bit ago. And I'm looking to hear on the way home all the time. So, and the reason you just found out why I was talking about it? Yes. Oh, boy. Yeah. I must have been a shock. It certainly was. Because I had a call from Norma Kent last night at home that at least braced me for the shock. Is that right? Yeah. Well, I, you just take a tear yourself. I'm working out. You two. We need people like you. Okay. Thanks, Terri. Take care. Terri, I'm working out from our, those news days. In fact, once you heard, did you see that Richard Gibb heart now? He wants to be the president? Another dick in the White House? I was her response to that. Richard Gibb heart personality like a dead man. Oh, the Republicans are just salivating. In fact, I bet you, mad grudge about you. She's just rubbing her legs together like a grasshopper about the thoughts of that. I get in the car Friday afternoon. I turn on this station and there's any K. My good friend, any K. Good guy, but I'm not into that gambling stuff. You know, one of the first calls I hear is that punk from Columbus again from Ohio State. Same guy. Same words verbatim. Oh, we've been listening to your station all day up. So I just punched the button. I went over to FM first, which is going to lead me to our poll today. I went over to FM. You couldn't find a song you ever wanted to hear on FM in this market. If you went, if you walked into the studio of the station with a goddamn oozy and stuck into the program director's head, they'd still be playing build me a buttercup by the foundations on magic. That guy, I hope Rick Shaw's less than right now, can't know what time Rick's on anymore, but I really sympathize. See, there's another survivor he's been on to your here over 40 years. And when you're working this business, you have to work for a lot of assholes like P.D. Bulger. He's an asshole. Oh, worst of that. In fact, when you call P.D. Bulger an asshole, it's an insult to every asshole on the face of this planet. tragic. So I'm punching around. I can't find a song I want to hear in our Zeta by the way. Nice job, Claire Channel. You've really got a great job with every station that you bought. You've put your just about every one of them. So I finally give up and I punch over to A.M. again, and I punch to IOD to see what the Schmidt-Mysher is doing. Well, the Schmidt-Mysher is on vacation. And guess who's filling in for the Schmidt-Mysher, which already told you, the whiny self-hating, right wing, misdrage, Matt Dredges on there. And I thought to myself, oh no, it is guest, no less, was the even more anxious and culture. And all of a sudden I started getting this smell, this heavy smell from my radio speakers in the car. I had like a roll down the windows, because it was nice and cool out anyway. When it doubt I aired it out, and the car too. Misgrudge. There's a great book, in fact, he inspired me. When I heard his right wing self-hating ramblings, along with Anne Coder, inspired me to dust off this book, the book of Brian Gamy a couple of months ago, and I'm reading it right now. Actually, the book, blinded by the right, the conscience of an ex-conservative by David Brock. And she really spills it all out there, misbrowk. In fact, I'm reading the prologue, what a coincidence. Let me just read one paragraph. While working on blinded by the right for the past three years, I stayed out of the news, news that tend to attempt to find a sense of peace, emotional balance, and personal integrity, that hated looted me during my dozen years in the right wing. I had no plan to desire to speak against Ted Olsen's nomination. I was simply answering questions. One idea, the failed Supreme Court nominee Robert Bork, and former independent council Kent Star fan out in the press to vouch for Olsen's character, and the virulent right-wing scandal machine, which my own reporting for the spectator had done much to create, back in the early 1990s, went into overdrive to be smurch me. Internet gossip mad, drugs put up his flashing red serons, and claimed breathlessly he had obtained a bootleg copy of his book. Brock planned scorched earth, book outlines reporters rise and fall, and Washington threatens lawsuit against drugs. The trouble with drugs is item, since David Brock was that he didn't have the book. Mr. Roger, he was the one that found the dress and the stain on the dress. You're supposed to take it into the cleaners, you know, when you give that stain on the dress, Matt, not look at it. You're simply self-hating piece of turd you. Tragic. Ow, and then the calls that were coming in and it's strange. Oh, it's such an honor to speak to you to speak to both you. You've sick of that you right wing assholes here, because I'm talking about the ones coming from Miami. You should have heard it. You'd have picked your guts out. Anyway, here's the poll result from Friday, but it sure took me long enough to get around to this. Here's Dave Slater. Good morning. How are you doing, Dave? I'm not going to a good, you know, rip out the mic. You know, work with him for eight years, you know, doing the traffic and no mistakes with Henry and all the guys over there. You're just crazy. You could be messed. There's nobody left. You're the only one left and that's the UX. That's it. Radio's dead here. Yeah. I mean, radio's just dead. I mean, the whole, you know, all the morning sticks we used to do, and I remember when we called the queen and it's fucking empowers. Right. That we, we should prison where, so if you're long was, was just, you know, those are things that don't happen anymore. Yeah. Yeah. It's all cookie cutter crap now. Yeah. Yeah. It's all ripping, reading, all, you know, just, you know, garbage just put on there and so there's no originality anymore. You only one left. That's it. After you, you know, I don't know what's out there. And I remember those days, you know, when I got called in the office and that you started and tell me anything. We don't want you anymore. Right. That's right. How can we run your life? Yeah. No, no. No excuse. Then they put this cookie cutter traffic service on. They don't know street to maven you as many things and they don't know from nothing. Right. So the whole town is like, you know, those days are gone. Unfortunately, I don't think they'll ever come. Now you know why I get out of here as much as I can. I don't blame that. We're checking it out of here. I've been here for 22 years. I'm waiting for the day to get out of here. I'll see you on the bus Dave. Take care. You too. Dave Slater. All the people are finding out about it from me because the sunset will totally blew it. Harold buried it back in the open section. It would seem to me that when you work on radio and this market for nearly 30 years that you deserve a little bit better than just to be back in your obits you were as with a little tiny blurb like this. I mean, maybe I'm wrong. But he was somebody in this market. He met something to a lot of people on this market. I'm more depressed about his dime than I was built Carter and Bill was a good friend of mine. One of my best friends. You know what I mean? I don't know why. Find me Bill. Bill? I was a great guy. But I mean he had cancer and it was like not. It was a shock that he died so fast. He went very fast. But it wasn't that we didn't know he was going to die at least within a few months. But this just comes out of the blue. So I was in 89, but I guess I better do the break before we get to those poor results. Then we got the new poll about the FM stations. You can't complain about the music on a radio in this time because generally speaking there isn't any. There isn't any. Just like that the CBS thing with that Enron movie. It's so consistent. Why is everything here so goddamn mediocre? Like Dave was just saying, everything is mediocre. Including you, Tom Jika. You little bald-headed prick. God isn't make me sick to talk about that bald-headed prick. Who's on a station by the way filling in for any K. I'm not too long, right? On a Friday night, Tom Jika? I heard about two minutes of it. I was up in Toronto and somebody called me. Actually I think it was Rimmer. You know the voice of Bappa, Bappa, the gossip the Inter? Tom Jika's on. Tom Jika's on. I think he mentioned your name. Tom Jika's on. Hey Rimmer, cut the crap, okay? Go on and cut the lawn and cut the crap. What did the muff just write there on the thing? He wants to write the book. We're way ahead of him off. Okay. See, we've been working all along. We're not on permanent vacation like you guys in Erosmith. We've been working right along. Feverously over this hot microphone here. Not with too much response. Not with too many results. But we've been doing our God-dandest to try to maintain some sense of semblance. Once you guys decide if you want to come back to work. That's right. That was your last way. Well, whatever. We're from an SN anyway. Just tell them. Just because we're pissed off that Mikey died. And most of the people in Saudi, don't even know who Mike Renery was. Well, that's your loss. Okay. It was a good guy. And a F-demover there at Cox Broadcasting for which we never forgive. That we never forgive. Well, another year has come and gone. It's a new year. You want to new you when you've all made these resolutions for new this. New that like a new paintjaffer, the house new carpeting. But what about the money? All of this new stuff's going to cost you thousands of dollars. The trick is to make something look brand new when it's not. That's why I used dry concepts in my house when your carpets are really clean. They do look just like brand new. And dry concepts is the only service in the world. The dry cleans your carpet straps expensive area rugs and believe me your friends will think you replaced your carpeting with brand new. Rye concepts technicians are schooled and certified by the Institute of Inspection cleaning and restoration. And they'll leave your carpet soil free vibrant and color and softer to the touch. So don't forget when it's time to clean your carpet, suppose we let the furniture. It's time for dry concepts. Problem with pet odors and mildew orders caused by water damage. No problem dry concepts can get them out for you. You're with yourself and your carpets to call the professionals and dry concepts tool free 1800 248507 monitor slog on www.dryconcepts.com. Dry concepts clean today and retain the night not just their slogan is their business and dry concepts. The dry concepts are dry and low. This is for 20 or 560. You way am. W-I-O-D-O-I hate that station. Airfonds and rain. Over 1 million people were given karaoke machines for Christmas. People who have absolutely no business singing are now holding a microphone and put your favorite tunes. And they're singing at birthday parties!ávelffffff !ious ring. This singing makes the whir parties. You hear us the fuck. Whoa. Whoa, little keep us together. They're singing the dinner party. Sparrow duck. I'm not a man. We're ready to be ghost. They're the people. No. One cup presents the perfect solution to this post holiday nightmare. Introducing the exploding karaoke dish. Hey guys, let's do some karaoke. Oh boy. Hey, hey, before we get started, Len, I got a new dish for you. Wait a minute. Does it have, I will survive on it. Of course it does here. Let me pop it in for you. I'm going to run quick to the bathroom. You warm up a little bit, okay? I'll be back. Okay, go. Where we go? Yes, I would be. Can't go into one two one two. One, at first, at first, that was a frame. I was, this morning karaoke dish for Rancol. Hi, Lily. Go bottom, effective. Go beyond. I'm 34 or five, 60 WQA. Here's a lady in North Miami Beach, hello. Oh, yes, man. Sorry about that. I'm no co-worker. I met you in Reneri ages ago when he had a two-box winning contest. And I was one of the winners. Really? The man or the gentleman who were a gentleman. It made my day and I miss him terribly. Okay. Thank you, Dave. Thanks, you too. Yeah, when you work with all these assholes in his business, I mean, there's, you know, it's a nice people. We work with the only problem. There's a lot of more dead like Sunnyhurst. There's so many nice people are dead. Remember that thing in Fancy, we said the good people are the fat people and the fat people are dead people? Well, the same thing is through a radio. The good people are the dead people. For the most part. And then there's us. Here's a facts from Josh and Chicago who says, I wonder if that's Josh as in our Josh, like Clarence, you know? Is he back? He must be. Didn't make an appearance in here after all this time. He's been away. I noticed he was in there concerning with a morning crew in the window. He was in there dancing around flashing or whatever he was doing. Showing him is a butterfly struck. Here's a facts from Josh. Well, that's okay. We understand, we're not a sports, so we're not an integral part of the radio station. We're not a sports nerd show. We are here to go on a set of follows assholes up there in Columbus. All those punks were sitting around having our circle jerk now because they want to stupid ass football game on a bad call. Welcome back. I'm no longer South Florida, but don't cry for me. It says, I live in a real town with the real soul. I was an MSN on Friday trying to figure out what time kickoff for the game was. What game was that, Josh? And what did I see a column by Dave Hyde? How did that no talent asked Clarence and National Colony was being a total soft photo sports nerd saying, my name is going to win big. They haven't been respected. They're all fired up Ohio State and his is in trouble. I wonder if he's still staring at his TV going. That's what it says here. All of it says, who man, a human, a human. I think he means. Welcome back to reality, Hurricane fans. George didn't okay, Joe, why do you were gone? Come to keep trying one day he'll get there. Keep trying one day he'll get there, George. Says you in an okay job, it's not great. Okay. It was not sensational. Okay. Yeah. A 111 votes. They continue coming in there on the pool from Friday. And I got news for you, Mo. It's too late. You know, he's mentioned in my name. Big stick and deal. Like he's supposed to get brownie points for that. I mentioned my name. Just goes with the territory. And I was like, get out of bed and I'm running putting on your underwear when you get dressed. It's not a big deal. Nobody's going to give you a brownie points for stick on your underwear or mentioning my name. See these people that like to do all their hateful crap behind the scenes. And then they go on the air and they put on this big show for everybody. And they're in denial, you know. Where do you get your information? Bob, I'm all of us. I'm bombastic, horse crap. You're not fooling anybody, Mo. You're not fooling us. Nobody in this room, okay? We draw the line at fricking nine. And when I saw the reenairy dive on her, that news, that's just, that's since to for me. I had a lot of thoughts about this whole of mode stuff over the weekend. At least 20 seconds worth. And I thought, you know what? My response, my whole conclusion of the deal. F him. F him. That was my response. Scrawng. Excriminant on two legs. So he's got a good voice. So he does good play by, but what the hell does that make him a good guy? No. Does that make him a somebody? It's a pleasure to work with like when you were a builder. Or all the nice people we work with are rick and such. No. Like that asshole that calls you on Friday. Remember that call from the cables? Well, do you think he has a good voice? Yeah, so what about it? What about it? What what does that mean? And a lot of people have great voices. And some of them are asshole. Some of them may be good guys, then it was Chut Houndley. He's dead. 113 votes. What should Neil do? We guarding mode during 2003. We asked on Friday. And I must say this. Now you've me coming back Thursday and Friday last week. I should have just taken the rest of the week off. What's another couple of days? They wouldn't have said anything. What would they have said? What? It sure is a long vacation. Yeah. And? What about it? Everybody else here was going to step poor muffle was in there working over that radio feverishly. He sits in there with his hand on the dial during the whole show. No, he's cranked up to volume turning it down. He's fine tuning. What else is he going to do? That macaron. A little macrometron. I think he does that with the other hand. Or a gummy. 113 votes. What should Neil do regarding mode during 2003? Rip him some moan. Amazing part about this for those who didn't listen Friday, which is almost everybody. That was a late edition of the poll. Right near the end of the show. Which is my own omission. Rip him some more. 499.45.2 percent. Rip him some moan. And we will. We will. As the mood strikes us. Maybe every 10 seconds. Steel is here. P is 250.2.6 percent. Stick by his guns ignore him. Meaning I should stick by my guns. 182. And then we got these two other categories. Which total between them only 15.4 percent. Kiss and make up 90 and make peace 81. That's only 15. So 85% of the audience has got a hostile attitude toward the Moamister. And he can point fingers at me. Anybody else but he's got nobody to blame. But himself. Kain and here alienated everybody. Even before he got on a year alienated all the sports nerds came on alienated us by starting with George and all that crap. And then it's gone downhill from there. So the fact that Renery died over the weekend. This is just another reminder of what was like in the old day. Because you know what? We were having fun. We were having fun. We had a good time. I remember the day that my cat is what was it. It was 20th anniversary on a year and a time. Something like that. And they asked me to go in there and I went in the studio. He was just in heaven. The fact that I did that for him. Not that was a big deal. What does like a great deal of effort? He was just a very simple plane easy go a nice guy. No pretensions. No pompous ass routine. No talking down to people. No brow beating the people that worked with him. No blonde people off the show all the time. Because of the fact that they looked at him cross-eyed and in suck his crack enough. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. You know exactly what I'm talking about. You relate that one day the behind stuck behind the bridge again or something like that. Right. That's where we got that score. That's where that came from. We may not be with us anymore. But he left this score. Left this that. Just you know just the kind of guy who was a pleasure to work with. Here's a fact from Carolinus says a song like a bitch wearing a sunny hero just to know but with the others. No article. I wanted to expose it to Carolu who he was then a short article this morning which said nothing more than the old bit which I have right here. I made him once a great guy those were the great days of radio Mike you and Rick and said my some of these Carolin. Thanks Carolin. Those were the great days. Now we're just let's face it. We're just playing out the string here. We get nothing. Thanks again to Greg. I like I told you off the ear. When Greg weed sent his application. His resume to the measly people years ago. Right at the top of the resume it said I know how to run a radio. The only problem is. Perfect it was like a recommendation from somebody else. It's his Greg knows how to run a radio station. He air burst out the eye in RUIN. That's what he did. Everything was going great and it was like dizzy. All over again. Just like when Bob Neill came down from Atlanta they were getting ready to sabotage. When he read I said don't do it. We had to launch up at some bogus place in four lotter days. I said don't do it Bob. I said well we did these studies and half of the audience runs entertainment. Have them want news and then they put on that awful Chuck Meyer news show with those awful phone interviews. And once they messed with their morning show that station was never the same again and they want to selling it. How do you like that? I like to work with it. And the same thing here. Every time Greg would come in here it's their mumbling about the worst. And this and the worst. I'd say are they making you money is that show making money. Yeah, but but but but but my ass. You screwed it up. We went through months of hell on this station. We went to a deep. And a gang and the deep. Show in the or what's the Ron Hershey. Highway show. We've gone through hell. And now look what we got. Now look what we got a silly old man with van Buricos veins. And 15 hairpieces. Although I do like when he works for circus. 18 until 10. Well, I gotta get this emotion out. Because I'm all. It's all pent up. I'm just psychotic. Psychotic. You sit back, you think you know a little bit about this business you watch these other make believe the make pretend management people who made their whole livelihoods with other people's money who run around pretended to be big shots with bad haircuts with other people's money. Screwing up people's lives, like the fact that this same clown that we're talking about Gregory was right of blow Georgia out of here because that a women's some other temperamental old fart. I've decided to terminate George Rodriguez. You have my ass you have my ass go stick that hole in your head again. Gregg see how big the hole is okay or stick the other in your back though. And then you want. Yeah, you had to be the skitcoat because there were a few of those silly emails on here. Much of baby crap a bunch of childish nonsense. And then he turns around and says the reason he was going to fire you is because you lied to him and he can't have people who lie in this village. Oh my god. This is the man who invented the lie. He's got liar written on the wrist for head. How do you like those billboards by the way, welcome me back to town. He he isn't even afraid to lie in writing. He'll put it in writing this company. They don't care. If you don't like it, you know, let's see. 943 at 560 WC. Do I sound a little worked up today? Good. I'll tell you somebody who's always worked up. And you know who and you know who also about to send his condolences. I'll do it for him is Tom Layman down there at hell. He was on with Mikey for years. Love, Mike, we're nearie. Tom Layman in general sells manager Joe Prieto of hell at Pontiac GMC. Wish Neil Rogers listeners a very happy new year. When you're going to hell, let me sure and check out the earth's biggest election of 2003 GMC on boys on boy excels you can you connect sales and denali's that is correct. Nobody's got a bigger selection than the hell at Pontiac. I'm getting choked up. Maybe it's a disease in his room again. Call OSHA. Even though it's not expedient to correct the problem at this time. Hall it's also got an unbeatable selection of great pre-owned cars trucks and SUVs credit problems. Never problem and hell that if everybody else and town turns you down for a deal, they'll still get you into a car at Hall of Pontiac. So if you want to check out the biggest selection on GMC SUVs Neil deals and lots more, this is the place it's a pleasure to shop. They've been around in town in the same great location over 35 years treating people great. Hall of Pontiac GMC 134136 Ehiway that's US one across from the falls open every day seven days a week. For more information called the Neil deal hotline toll free one triple eight five three four forty two eleven. That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven and don't forget to mention you heard about the Neil deal because it'll say we even more cash Hall of Pontiac GMC who be professional great. You a God I said when I broke up that's what I wanted to. But I was run by three court report. That only there about the bottom line not you. They are up to 15 per power and no win. Being fun to see you with daddy pushing friends. And so much with what you need here today. They're taking all the trouble. They're trying to try and help me. They're taking all the trouble. They're taking all the trouble. They're trying to kill the baby outside. They're trying to kill the baby outside. They're calling and the talent is gone. They're shouting about it where you are. They're trying to find their rainy, ill-informed, we take a trace. They don't listen to like the storm and out of the trace. And try to know what happens when I was in the pan. They're like, like take it, you're totally on the end. They are not in this full race. They're trying to kill the baby outside. They're trying to kill the baby outside. They're trying to kill the baby outside. They're trying to kill the baby outside. They've got you that baby. Every great station from She and I and Z and I OD. Anywhere, the great station at there was in this town on a radio. They've got you at the cheap channel bastards. They suck, especially Pini Bulger. He's an asshole. David Raws. He's an asshole. And others. So here's the Sun Settle. Tom Dick is become today. Is Tom a right about rainy day? No. His a big art and TV advice. Check out new UP and show Abby. There you go. It's another one of his cookie cutter which he wrote days ago because it was already on the website. Over the weekend. See Tom Dickens. By the way, you say he's he's pathetic. He's just pathetic. He's tragic. He didn't say it's by the way. I say right. I was just joking. Okay. Well, when you got against Tom. Nothing. I just thought he's a good guy. No, he's pathetic. He said. For example, you know, when we had all the business with Fox News and Fox News. That was, and it was not with John Gibson. That was a national story. Here's the guy supposed to be the TV radio writer in the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the Kevin fashion. Nobody even knows who that is. Here's the guy who presents himself to the public is the big TV radio expert. Didn't, was there one word about it? The newspaper God forbid because he might actually give me a little publicity. Well, and this particular case has got nothing to do with me. I got it was on here. Here was a major major player in this market for almost 30 years. And Tom's a can't even discover it yet. Now maybe it maybe there was something in the obituary. Okay. Maybe before I get to carry the way here. Thomas, Mahani 46 business may die. Lord Jenkins 82 British politician died. You know, Lord Jenkins? No. Neither do I. Let me look on their alphabetical order here. Let's see, date county. I don't see it. I don't see nothing here. So there you go. Once again, and this is the same time. We're right about the in-run movie last night is so great. But doesn't bother telling us that if you really want to see it, it's going to be on channel 33. Because channel 4, the CBS network affiliate in Miami is busy showing a freaking Miami heat game that nobody gives a flying thing about. How do you like that? Nobody could give two schmits about it. I couldn't give lunchmits about it. How do you like their maples, huh? So another good reason. There are 455 satellite dishes. Just in case. Because in this time, God forbid that they should show you. And it was really a great movie. I mean, it was basically about this one guy in his fiancee in about how he went in the Enron and got to job. All the promises they made about how can lay to them this and about all the lies. And they were behind the scenes telling everybody to sell. And they were telling all their employees to buy, buy, buy, buy. And let me say to get Ted David, not you. Great Robbers at CNBC. You should all be in federal prison. You should be in Alcatraz. This is another one of the great scandals in the history of this country. And somehow they just go on general electric. The whole bunch of nages go on skate. You know, except on his show, which nobody listens to anyway. Got a handful of people. And then that guy that called on Friday. Talk about amusing. I'll find Democrats wonder how to catch up in media wars. Oh, yeah, Neil. You're the guy. You're the guy. You got to be the guy to go under against Russia. Yeah, my fan ass. Okay. You crazy? These are the people who want to resurrect the light bulb again. That want us to be light bulb senior. And go back to the easing against the right against the left. Don't you understand? Nobody to the left of a tiller the hunt in this country gives a flying crap, which is why the right wing fascists have taken a whole country over. And if you think I'm going to like flush down the last few years of my career in my life, try to be a big hero for get about it. I'm not that stupid. Maybe pretty stupid. But working for Greg Reed. But I'm not that stupid. Nobody cares. It's only the rabbit right wing born again. Pheneticol Gunsqueezing a fetus hugging. Those are the only people I've cared. Like Miss Drudge. Who's rattling your spares in the closet right now. Sorry, Lynn. That's a way. Go, son. We can't all have good friends. I don't even use it. He was a nice guy. Yeah. And I said that eight office probably pretty entertaining at a cocktail party too. That's what I'm saying. I don't buy that. I don't buy that crap about this once in a nice guy. And maybe I'm unusual. Maybe I'm a little bit strange. They're all like, yeah. But I'm one of those people who doesn't for example. James Carville and Mary Magdalena, whatever it hell her name is. They're married. Yeah. He's as far to the left as you can get without being a car carrying a comic pink Ophag. And Jesus far to the right as you can get without the marrying Papu cannon. And they're married. See, I just I can't even have friendships like that. No, I can't have friendships. Now somebody look good and we want to have like 20 minutes of fun. That's okay. Just don't talk politics. That's another story. Because you know those right wingers. But other than that, I just I don't want to associate with people who are like, you know, you know, virulently, uh, who stand for everything and that's against what I believe in. And I'm all about. I can't deal with that. So what's that all about? Don't know. Well, he's your good friend. Mr. Rudd. Mr. Rudd. Mr. Rudd. He paid. Oh, there you go. If you want to know who George's friends are from Algo, St. to Mr. Rudd. Anybody that ever bought him lunch? Maybe even remember some day if he ever buys him that lunch. See, but that'll never happen. Well, how do you know? My church, shot the one of these. They don't. They don't come on here and say, hey, Neil, let's do a hockey show. Let's call a rumor do a hockey show. Yeah, come on. Let's over your dead body. Here's our poll question today. It sure took me a long time to get around to it. But I'm whipped up into more friends today. I'm pissed off and fired up. What's the best FM station in South Florida? Here's the list. I think I got to know how far I got them all. Because I went into the arbitrage. I made sure I didn't miss any. I mean, I left a couple of them. Nobody ever heard of. WLRN, WMXJ, magic WMIB. By the way, WMIB is men and black. That's the rule. We're smuggling used to be just in case. WLVE, WEDR, WHQT, WPO, WPower, WPYM, Party Radio, Sox, WHY, WFLC, the coast. WRMF, Zeta, WAMR, WRMA. There's no one confused near is there. WRMA, WMF, WRMA. WMF, WRMA. WBG, Big, WF, WRMA. WBG, Big, WRTO, WKIS, WF, WF, WF, WCMK, WRMA, WLF. Or they all suck. Those are the choices. We got the list of all the major FM stations in this market. Or they all suck. I didn't put like the caterer on there. You people in Palm Beach County and no other. They're not in a market. Nobody here can hear those things. So with all due respect. But with KPX is signal lately. I don't know. I don't listen to WKPX. I'd like to. But I can't. I've got a signal problem. So like it disappeared. It's just not even there. Maybe the governor peed on there or a tower or something. Because it's a high school station. Maybe they're not all about your right wing of Sikha fans. Maybe they're playing some pretty radical crap on there. And we don't want to have too much radical crap on here. Especially like those Pirate stations. On Thursday, I'm driving on a turnpike. And I don't know what the hell I was looking for. Was it 94.3 to guys said we should be listening to that. It doesn't come in in the data browser. So 94.5, I discovered with some Schwarzier Pirate station. And they were playing exactly the what you respect. If this and Sates that, if every other word was FVU and S.H. A digger? No, nigger. Oh yeah, nigger is like two out of three words. In fact, nigger was like in between the FU and the S.H. F and nigger and whatever. F you nigger. No, see there you go. That's George. I'm going to call up my friend, condolisa and and Heather. And and culture and your friend, Mr. Hudgeon. Maybe they'll all buy your luck. I'll be talking to Heather. So we got, look at that 17 votes under. They all suck magic. Oh, you know something, this really is going to set me off. I'm going to leave. Magic is tied with big forever one. If magic is the best you got over the weekend in a car. I'm trying to which finally I got you on to take you. Put it, just make some CDs with a whole bunch of stuff. Thank God, some real music. Because I'm not in the morning coming to work. I listen to music now. We'll not listen to a suspended one. I'm on the signal. I don't want to hear him pop his burrow close friends. I don't want your gildy and their looking is brown crack. Magic plays the worst. The absolute worst. And like I said before, if I want to hear the foundations and build me up buttercup or the goddamn righteous brothers again, I want to puke from the stuff in the city day. I heard the same songs on Saturday that I heard on there on yesterday. Now they're playing 50, 60s and 70s. Right? Isn't that magic thing pretty much right? Well, can you imagine how many thousands and thousands and thousands of great songs? I'm not just talking about hits. I'm talking about great hits from the 50, 60s and 70s, thousands. And whoever this jackass is more on as programming magic. This guy ought to be turned in feather. He ought to be drawn and quoted. I wouldn't give you a quarter for the crap that they're playing on tragic 102.7. You let me program that station for a month. They'd have a 28-share. Easy. Garbage it you guys. You play what's wrong with you people, man? Whatever happened to the people, knew something about radio. People even used to own one on like Tom Jika had upon his for Christmas. Have you listened to magic? We tried listening to that. I tried. Oh, let's go. Same corny old crap. I wouldn't be surprised if next week they play. Please Mr. Custer by Larry Vronol Week. That's going to be the day that would be different. I'm going to be the most beautiful thing in this loop. And the battle in New Orleans. No wonder Rick Shaw is like suicide over there. I'm sorry. 958 at 560W to QM. We got some big news for you boy. Big news. Really big. The fat boy came water in the here with his walker this morning. He got on the scale. He's lost 15 pounds on balance for life. And just over a month. I guarantee he'd lost like a lot more than that. But it was the holidays. We'll cut him a little slack. Because now that the holidays are over no more excuses. Fact boy, I want to see his fat as well. Now what was he doing like once a week? What's a week on Monday? Air of a Monday that I'm here these months. Whatever's going to be till like it's sick of it. I want to see your fat ass in here on at scale. And balance for life. Thank you very much by the way. Troy sent me food starting last Thursday night or Friday. Whenever when I came back to town. And it's better than ever. Damn good stuff. They make everything fresh. No frozen. No a little artificial packets. None of that crap. Everybody's coming in nice micro-avable. A plastic containers. It's fresh and delicious. The food is good. And you've got enough food to last you for the whole day in your little black sack. That's how it works. Everything is hormonally balanced according to the zone diet. No cooking, no shopping, no choices, no cleaning, no worries. The only choice you have is between two on at menu. They give you for every day that's run a program for each meal. Three delicious meals, two snacks and even a little bottomed water is in your black sack. And now we're not talking about little parrot like portions. We're talking about good sized portions that I'll satisfy and keep you full all day. While the weight pours off your body. So if your new year's resolution is or you just finally came to your senses and you really want to start looking human and lose all that disgusting fat. Call our good friends at balance for life and let them take care of you and get it done the smart way. And delicious way too. Call them at this number nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine. By the way, where's my menus, Troy? Okay, that would be nice. I don't want to start getting bitchy with him, you know, but where's the menus, Troy? Balance for life called nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or visit their most prestigious website. And balance for life dot com. My. And look. This is 405 sixty two. Two eight two eight. Two eight. Two nine. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. Tonight on the 10 spot on MTV. It's an all new crib. Come along as we tour the home of Iraqi leaders. I'm listening. Welcome to my humble crib. This room here. This is where wait. No, no, you're not allowed to see another year. This wacky Iraqi shows what it's right to live in his room. I think you'll fully enjoy this room. We've redecorated. Wait. No, you are not allowed to see in that room. He's the self-proclaimed bad dad. My wife's and my children enjoy this room. If you notice the mirrors. Wait. No, you are not allowed to see in that room. It's an all new crib. Tonight on MTV. Only on the 10 spot. 10 out to at five sixty WQM happy Monday. Let's see what we got today. We got the full play for you today. We got everything back to normal. Thank God. The mad dog. All right. We hear one. Till three. Oh, Jim. What are we going to do? You got Hank back from vacation. That's sure was three to seven this afternoon. Welcome back, Comper. The big. Orlando Wells. The Gary seven to ten. Eddie K.10 and Joe Markov and I. Joe back from his honeymoon. Any spy reports on that? Not yet. Here's the facts that says. And I was this from. I don't know. Says Mike was a good guy. Well, miss him. You all hold what you all got to get what you all need. In fact, there's another one. It also says. Oh, it's from Captain Rick. Thank you, Captain Rick. Over two different ones. Well, anyway, at least some people are recognizing a guy. Twenty seven years in a market. Don't just let a guy die and just ignore it. Okay. Was a good guy. And we appreciate that we appreciate working with people or as opposed to people are real major egotistical. Eric, arrogant assholes. Who are you not just difficult to work with? Let me say this. There's some people difficult to work with. There are some people impossible to work with. Not that I want to mention a name. You understand. You do understand that. Don't you? Good. Oh, it's a matter of fact. I don't know anybody who is like the first one. What did I say? Difficult to work with? I don't know. Most people are reasonably reasonable. Here's a fact that says did you hear mega 103.5. Chains their format is now playing R&B hip-hop youth. Yeah, we know that WMIV men and black. It's a piece of crap. It says here at sucks. What the hell is going on with cheap channel? I hope the new format fails miserably and so to wait. What they're trying to do is destroy every single station that they bought in this market and from coast to coast and all the ships that see as well. And do an magnificent job. Here's how the poll is coming so far. The best FM station in South Florida is. They all suck as way ahead. Thirty nine and you folks are. Absolutely correct. Right on. WLRN five for the intellectuals in our audience. Who says we don't have some smart people in this audience? A bunch of trained monkeys. My fat ass is silly old goose. You old goat. You're an old goat. Why don't you just face it, okay? You're finished. You're washed up. You're a silly old goat. With bad barricose veins. You smell like you just took a bath and cashmere bouquet. Magic guy's got five votes. Big is got three and then from down down. And of course, you know a lot of these stations. We're not going to get too many votes for our people because these are Punks stations like why 100. And I even gave them a chance over the weekend. They suck. They blow. Big. Oh my god. They're classic rock my ass. In fact, I've heard better sounds. Come out of my ass that I heard coming from big 106. If they didn't have Howard Spurman or radio, they might. They'll seriously. If they didn't have him in the morning, they might as well shut that thing down. Shut it off. Do everybody a public service. Another cheap channel abortion, by the way. Just mention that in passing. Five. Now, what am I so worked up about today, you know? I'm as well just calm down. Good to see. Clarence came back in here, shook my hand. Said they shared a room with a beast. Said they're never salsa. In fact, he said the beast made him feel better about himself. Hey, he didn't say the beast had a smaller penis. But you didn't say that. Whatever size it is, there's so many layers of fat hanging there. You couldn't see it anyway. Bees made him feel good. Bees made him feel good. He said, especially at meal time. Said they were ordering room service like one after the other. We're just a constant parade right to that door. You don't think the beast is going to go off the deep end to you? There's Miguel's got a bunch of crap here. What do you got? Oh, thank you. Thanks, Barbara. Okay, said Miguel's got something good. My daughter Leslie told me this morning told me to put on your show. You were talking about Michael. I want to tell you how much I appreciate how much I'm enjoying it. It's really making me laugh. And we haven't had many of those these last few weeks. But whenever any of us lost it, and veryably one of us would come up with what Michael would have said to us. Cut the crap. He did say that a lot. Cut the crap. He was a funny guy. You just had to head a known. I've got a little tired of that crap. I can tell you right now. You see, in fact, he was probably one of the first people on a radio long before I ever say to say crap. I mean, a lot of people in this business for crap. At least he had the balls to say it. It says, I also agree with what you say. All the people you're saying about true that you and Michael were never close friends. I'm not sure how much you respected you in your town. And you, whenever you got into the car, didn't he call us on my 25th anniversary. I think he called it. Yeah. I'm solicited. Whenever you got into the car after you show you what you want. Thank you so much. Remember, means like to all of us Barbara, where you are. Very sincere and deep so that these Barbara and the whole family. Good guy. And again, just frost my fat ass that here's a guy. I still say, you know, if you can say whatever you want. I don't know the details of his death. I don't need to know what, but the fact is that it's shortens your life when people screw you over the stress factor. I mean, here's a guy now after all those years. And I would hate to go out and fend for himself. I mean, the only good he got the last laugh on them, though, in one respect. In December of whatever year that was just before they came to him. In December, they just signed with new contract for a year. And they fired him like in January or February. So they had to pay him off for that whole year. So we could he also had the luxury like some of the rest of us have had. Thank goodness. I'm getting paid off not to work. Go in and just go and fish and enjoy the, you know, which is great. So I hope that Bob Green and Bob Neil and all of you people are costume indications with your cookie cutter garbage that you play on FN and believe me. It is garbage. Hope that you're enjoying yourselves with all the lives that you destroyed. See, I mean, I'm not saying this is a business where there are people deserve to get fired. People who don't have any talent. People who've got terrible ratings. People who like are impossible to work with. You know what I'm saying? So in any business, there are people deserve to get canned. It's just part of life. But when somebody doesn't deserve to get canned, it frost my big fan here. Yes, is what it does. Anyway, nice going Tom Jika. When's the Tom Jika? I'm going to appear about Mikey, huh? You are such a disappointment. Tom will like happens to most people in this time if they've been here long enough. He just gave up. He just gave up. Every article he writes is about just like today about that. You pee in or whatever. It's another network cookie cutter show about some network TV crap. And he's talking about me doing a show from Toronto or out of town. And I'm out of touch. Touch this you idiot. You bald-headed geek. You jackass. God. I'm out of touch. And here's a guy whose in town is not getting wind and died out in their laid this month. By all those big Hollywood producers with a new TV shows, they're on for five minutes. He's right here. Where's his column? Where's his observation? I was right after Norm Call me yesterday. I was expecting more phone calls. I thought Jika would call or somebody from the hero. They got my phone number. Even though I'm not crazy about talking them. I certainly would have had some comments about Mike. You don't want to say? Yeah. Nothing. Zero. Zippity freaking. Doodah. You asked Tom. You suck. You think he's getting my point? Good. 560. 560. I'm a AT&T and Verizon Marlis line. It's depressing. Watching the people get their lives destroyed. And in fact, this movie last night with the end rom thing, that's what it was all about. Only those were like younger people, people were like, you know. And then there were older people also had taken their life savings and bought that crap. Well, well, Kenny Lane is buddies. And Kenny Boyd had some good shot to Bush in their last night, too. As a matter of fact. Oh yeah. But how the Tom White became a Bush appointed in the secretary of the army. Is in Ron buddy and Kenny Lane. Kenny Boyd that donated a hundred grand to the Bush campaigns. That's a real good shot to the Bush mice through in there who never met a big corporation. They didn't like which is why he wants to get rid of this corporate dividend tax when to help create this unbelievable. I don't want to start getting political loud because it's a waste of time. It's preaching to the choir. It's farting into a windstorm. You think you've seen budget deficits before you ain't seen nothing yet, baby. You ain't seen nothing yet. Just hook up that goddamn big hose to the Iraqi oil pipeline and rate the poor. That's what it's all about. Robin Hood and reverse is what you got. And how was it that my Q used to say? Y'all hold what y'all got. How about that was? That line used to have. Is it any say that the end of the show every day I think he did? Y'all hold what y'all got till y'all get what y'all want. Tell y'all till y'all till y'all. Till y'all till y'all. Till y'all. Till y'all till y'all. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Oh yeah, and you'll go back to doing those light bulbs stuff. You don't even need to live with a voice. You people must be dreaming. You must be on. You must be doing acid again, okay? Publicated interest in that. They don't give a flying crap about North Korea. Iraq, Iran, Afghanistan, Taliban. They don't give a crap. They want to be like they've always been in this country. The UMM dumb. And isolated. They don't want North America to the world. 19% can't find it. What we know is I'm sorry. Don't exaggerate. Only 11% couldn't find the USA and a map of the world. 11% of 18 to 24 year olds couldn't find the United States on a map of the world. And that's who our programming to is a bunch of train monkeys and you don't forget it. He just makes my blood boil. He makes my blood curdle at silly old man when those were a close veins. To think of all the grief that he's caused in the eight or nine months that he's been here. To think of all the lives screwed up or nearly screwed up because of the temper tantrums of a silly old man. Who sits and talks about stupid as meaning was ball games every day. Problem at Sands Lieutenant 560 W. I'll tell you one thing is going to make you feel a lot better or free dinner. Free spaghetti dinner at Pompado Park tonight. I think I might just enjoy that. But why not? I lost 14 bucks there Saturday. Tonight I'm going to go back and get it back. That's right. Tonight's the big night with every Pompado Park program purchased after 6pm tonight. You'll get a coupon for a free spaghetti dinner with the fourth floor players lounge. I guarantee you they'll bring me up some of the 964 table. Go for get dick in the sleep and mark. And everybody else in Mary and Allen. You get a salad rolls and butterman to play to pasta with Marin and her assosant. You don't want the program. We can still buy a coupon for just 250 and get that free spaghetti dinner free for 250. Life doesn't get much better than the especially down here free parking free admission. Great racing and a free spaghetti dinner tonight only Monday. Man, this is back at Pompado Park 2 with a 2 for 25 dollar full course dinner at the lavish top of the park restaurant tonight. Every Monday night on the sixth floor that is. Every Wednesday at Pompado Park is dollar night with wrap your hot dog so does and more with just a dollar a piece. And by the way, let me say again welcome back to South Florida Brian Sears. What a pleasure it is to watch that young man drive a horse. He he sensational. The talent and that family skipped a generation from grandpa from bra from Jean Sears. Jay is a good guy couldn't drive on the in a by anyway. And our brightest sensational nice to see him show in these guys how it's done. I'm Brian keep it up. Pompado Park's got free general parking free admission every day night for live racing and summer casting. Post time 715 tonight and every Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday at Pompado Park. And says here at the bottom, jazzed up the rest is best you can. How do you like that? Steve also says jazz it up is best you can. I want to show you the shirt. Oh, excellent. I've been waiting for this. Here's the Pompado Park shirt that they sent me. Now what's even not I'm using about that to flower to why and shirt. Look what it says on it. Where is it? Your gay. Oh, there's Pompado Park. It's got a guy. D'Orgo Salkey with a driver in a house and a home. And I didn't realize that they all these are the shirts they were up to. They kind of like the outfits they were in the, around the track. Very sharp, including the very sharp. My life and look what this is for 25. It's for 25. It's for a 10. I'm excited. Yeah. And when The DIY As you see, KS Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood show. The movie is a movie about the show. We'll start by finding the true Hollywood celebrity music by choreography profile story. We take a good, hard, stiff look in the start of it. Their hit song is synonymous with the eighties and synonymous with crap. They were Kaja Gougou. What's interesting is that in America you say Kaja Gougou, but in England. We're called Kaja Gougou. This minor difference in pronunciation was the only interesting thing about the band that leads that lead singer Lamal could ever find. As you'll see tonight, in a 1983 interview, conducted by British Popwriter Ian looked on the news of you. You know what else is really interesting about us Ian? Well, well, so go. We sucked down wait. We're at us at Dross, yes. Go on. Tell me the truth. Don't spam me feelings. I said you suck. I'll second fuck, could you spam me feelings? Lamal's real name was Chris Hemhol. But he had a change to Lamal after a psychic told him where his music would one day take him. To the mall, to the record stores, and eventually, the 299 bin, 99 cents for the cassette. That's not really true. But it wasn't worth asking him how he came up with a fuck-up name like Lamal. It's a big juicy, stopping wet, looking show business tonight, on inside the behind. 1018 at 560 WQM happy Monday. If you're looking at this phone, maybe there is not one call on that board. Welcome back, Neil. It's your great having you back. And you want to know why see there's always in this town of an excuse. You know what these excuses today? Number one, we're not talking about, oh, what are we going to do about the ball games? Cause I don't want to hear that. And number two, it's Monday. It's the first day if you like to hold after their busman's holiday. Kids are back in school. So now they really have to pretend like some of the people we have waltzing around this place now, been on a very long busman's holiday. And I have no respect for people that take like too many days off. I hated it. Can't stand it. I like people who put their nose to the grindstone and show up every day. We're just like clockwork. 56560, 560, 560, as a matter of fact, I've decided my new year's resolution is I'm all done. Just give me to check every two weeks. That's it. I don't know for this outfit. George and Carlos can handle things here. Just like Tom wrote in that, after he dropped acid that day and wrote that column about how I'm going to be calling in the show from around the world and my whim. Yeah, I got your whim right here Tom. You silly goose, you geek, you idiot. Get with it. Get, have somebody buy you a radio. Have somebody, a point you in the right direction. Get you a compass in a road map and a search party. So you can find out what's going on in this time. When I'm 1200 miles away in Toronto, I got a grip right on a baby and what's going on here too. Like today, we had that business member on the alley. All right, and that's Friday. Yep. We covered that like with a blanket on the show. When the election returns came in on November 5. When the election returns came in in the primary, even more so, remember that? Sure. For days on end, and I was on every website that's ever been invented. And we were like light years ahead of the TV stations and everybody else with our gigantic news department here at WQI and our news department. 82 to 75, 43, yeah, that's the news. Okay, scores, ball games, course, men and jox grabs. Our news. Two great games yesterday by the way, two bad George missed them. They really work. Boy, what a shame, huh? What a shame. Nice time out there, man. Butch, thiebis. Butch, thiebis, man. He wasted a time out. Waste at a time out on the challenge that my little dog could have said. Don't wait. Don't throw the red flag. Please, butcher was attached out of. I'm out. And it came back to bite him in the redneck acid. The end of the game. Nice goal. Of course, they didn't belong in her in the first place. I think like those dealer fans, I left the game early. I love that. What a bunch of phony, huh? Pittsburgh. Who the hell do you people kidna? Where are you going to go? What are you going to do after the game in Pittsburgh? Go to the mountain view in and have a turkey dinner. What are you going to do? Go out there and have some iron city beer. Believe me, by the time that game was over, they were more than full of it. It was coming out of their ears. By our sure missed bob prints, too. You know what? We're talking about dead people. Miss Bob Prince a lot. And Bill, you it. 560, 550, 550. I'm just rambling here because it just pisses me off. The stuff that goes on here. You know, this town is better off when I'm not here. Because when I am here, it just makes my blood boil about the kind of crap that passes for the median for life in this place. We put the Panther game Friday on waxy. And I couldn't. I'm begging for somebody to call a Panther fan. Just to be pissed off enough to say, hey, that's not right. That's wrong. It's crap. Did we get one? No. Not even river. Remember was in in limbo. He was out of town. He's not too pleased. And like I said, jigsmick Donald is so pissed off. I wouldn't be surprised. Let me just say this. Let me just say this. If I'm guilty or the mole mice, do you want to see jigswalk in the through that window in the morning? I'd lock the door. I don't want to get your nervous. But that's just my take on it. That's what a foul mood the old faggies mice do is because they put his damn broadcast on. But here here's a team at that point was only 2 points out of first place. How do I know firecracker on a road? And even played at the head then we gave Vancouver Saturday, lost three to two. They played great. Does anybody here care? No. No. All that care about. Oh, Jimbo, what are we going to do? A call from hell. Whoever hudder a phone call like that from a grown man. What are we going to do? And let me ask you one thing. Aren't we cursed down here? The dolphins and the frickin' hurricanes all within the space of less than a week. When I went to the track, I was sitting there and I said, I was telling everybody I said, hey, watch for bodies coming through the window. They're jumping off the sixth floor. People are going to be jumping off the roof tonight. That was only after the way they saw Mickey Mcnickled drive. By the way, Mickey, one day don't make a career. Okay, he's reverted to form. I'm never bitten Mickey again. The fact even without his calling into request that. That's where he was born and started. Mickey, okay? You think he's driving your finger on someone? No. Go back to a free hole. Here's North Miami, hello. Okay. You know, the dolphins stuck the hurricane stuck the no-suck, the gator-suck. Right. You know, what was the last place? No, you don't stop your dignity. That's what you think. That's the, well, I don't know how good you stuck. I'm saying you're good. Practice makes perfect, man. I'll keep it up. That's what I say. There we go. I got to. My wife left home with a banana. And, uh, you know what, George? See, he kept going. Yeah, he kept going till I recognized the voice. That was what he said. He even paused. Shocking. Yeah, shocking. We don't give a crap, okay? Loser, low life, scumbag. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's, oh, wait a minute. Let me put this call on hold. So I'm at Pompano Park Saturday sitting there at the table, Mighty Mountain Business. Fat Richler's pretty damn good. By the way, he lost four more pounds. He's doing good. Nice going, Richie. Stay alive, baby. It's a beachy alternative. And I'm sitting there reading the program, Mighty Mountain Business. Rich went down to make a bet. And who comes over to my table? You are going to just crap a big load on that chair. Big out. No. Chronic. Chronic. See, I've been telling you people for years. The Chronics on every top show in America. They all are desperately in search of even a semblance of a life. Greg from Vointon Beach, from, from, from Hortzane Lucy, from where from a hunger. Comes modeling down to my table. Oh, you remember, it was sticks out his limp, uh, Winpy hand. Remember me? How the hell can I forget you, Jackass? And I was in a good mood. I think I cashed a ticket or whatever. And, uh, so yeah, and I, you know, put up with him for, like, 30 seconds to Waddle the way. So after the last race, Rich and I are leaving, we get on the elevator with a bunch of other guys. And I see he's standing there, like, three elevators there on the six floor to go downstairs. He's standing over on the other one. But he sees me getting on his one elevator. And as the doors open, he's got to come shuffling off so we can share my space. So we can invade my space again, just for the 15 seconds it takes to get from the six. Floor dining room down to the first floor at Pompano Park. You scumbag, you simple and go away. They long to be close to you. Ah, Harper anderson. Ah, God, Greg from Boeton Beach and Portsa. Ah, and then he's telling me, oh, to show where you sound greatly, just like the old IOD days. And I thought, what is he talking about? Because I've only been at that point. I only was back on Thursday and Friday, been gone for, like, who knows how long. You know, what is he talking about? Just sucking. That's all. I don't want to do any second with you, Greg. Okay. You're ugly. You're annoying. You're aggravating. He looks like a slightly butcher misdrages what he reminds me of. Same same genre. Oh, and speaking of the media, speaking of the rocket scientist and the media, you people are CNN. And I noticed today they're finally dropped off of it. So far, at least from what I've seen. I'm watching my TV Saturday morning. And here is whatever that Bimbos name. She's talking to her. Oh, I'm talking about the news anchor. Oh, she's talking to some Jackass in Amsterdam. Another one of these clone aid people. And he's talking about, oh, here's the second clone baby was just born. Do we have any evidence? Do we have any names? No. Do we have any DNA? No. Are they going to take the test? No. These are people. These are out of space moon people. Like I said on Friday, even art bell wouldn't put them on here. Like that. And the news networks are putting them on. Like they're for real. Like it's a real story. Let's see, it must be pretty pretty pretty. We're going to war in Iraq. North Korea says they want to blow up the world. And we're worried about clones that don't exist. Clones. And you people at CNN wonder why nobody watches you. Stupid Ask God Damn News Network. You idiots. But nice going on firing half the staff. But that should help. You see, I'm going to tell you something. When AOL time Warner went at merger took place, I really thought, and of course that was still when the bubble was going on. But I really thought if there was anyone stock that really couldn't miss. It couldn't miss. That was it. They had every aspect of the media all tied up from the internet to TV to the time magazine. You know, I movies everything. And it turned out to be another bomba said. 26 past 10 at 5 60 WQAM. 77 people say the best FM station in South Florida does exist. They all suck. LRN 12, magic 10, beat big 10. And I got his A7. See, and if those other ones I understand, you got to vote for something. But if they're the best, the one or CDs are so popular. On a kick off the new year with a new mattress from Dalmatra. So if you haven't been sleeping well lately, nothing will have a bigger impact on your life. Each and every day in the coming year than a great night's sleep. It's time for that new year's resolution of great night's sleep. Call 1-800-MATT-RES right now. And Dalmatra's will have you sleep in like a baby all year long. Fat boy was in here this morning and he said, I love my spot when I talk about sleep with Tom Brady last week. I didn't do that. Did I do a spot like that? No, no. Why? Let's do it now. Dalmatra's carries the best. See, I'll tell you one thing. Okay, the Patriots may not have gone to the playoffs. But number one, they did beat it off and said, Last game last Sunday. And number two, Tom Brady still looks damn good. And he's still getting all the action he can handle. You can bet your bottom dollar on that. Dalmatra's carries Seely, Sir, the Simmons and King Coil and every size and style. When you call 1-800-MATT-RES, you'll speak with an expert vet and consult who recommend the perfect bed for you. They have what you want in stock. No phony sales, no bait and switch like department stores. Then when you order your new bed from Dalmatra, they'll have it there on time, even the same day you'll be calling them. And don't forget, you get to choose the date and time that's convenient for you. Dalmatra's prides itself on their 99% on time record, which is just one reason whether they're ranked first for overall customer satisfaction. And we let that day of limot by the way in cheap channel for screwing over sunny Hirsh. Sooner would all of us here at QM have done make the call now to Dalmatra's Miguel Georgian Isleba matrices from Dalmatra separately and so should you. And I wonder if they had separate beds, clearance and the beast. Enjoy the new year with that special sum on with the new mattress from Dalmatra's call tool free right now 1-800-MATT-RES. Well maybe he could get laid after all clearance, so what do you see? So happy. That's 1-800-MATT for a Dalmatra's perfect way to start off the new year. My second local, this is 560. The re-usoleurs, how do you win? The new year they are made on me. For me, I'm made on me. The important thing is to recognize their perfect eye calls. And find a way to turn this into a fun thing. How made it was done? Yeah, yeah! He has proved his skill and we come again to this time itself! We all desire to see him fire this trend last last last. The sin and my team said to you sorry, you're re-marked my mind. You want to do it? When I came like this, it's too hard to turn this mess. His body's sharp, his head's bent, his body's bent. It's like a ball ball ball ball ball ball ball. You need a ball ball ball. You're... I'm a stripper, flat, flat, flat. Oh man, one of the states! Oh, he's got 32 or 560, over to QAM. 150 votes on a poll so far. The best FM stations in South Florida. Here we have several. I have zero. CMQ's got one. Kisses got one. MIB men in black scot one. There's your audience, Dennis. One. That's a Dennis David. Whatever hell is named is. They've lost Dennis, the colonel's same person. Love's got one. Why 100 appear? Life has got two. Power three. Party radio four. There you go. Disney, you're really doing it, baby. With that crappy key playing over and over again. Safery, duo, and duo, Safery. EDR's got five. But that's shocking, isn't it? WDR be having five votes on it in this crowd? But that's probably some white punks. You think we got no shfarts, is this in doing? Couple. Yeah, couple like old Joe and Joe Mama. And like the car ward guys. But then all of a sudden the EDR. Those are young punks. Punks listen to WDR. Okay. They're jamming it. Zayda's got seven. Magic. WMXJ's got 11. Big is got 12 and WLRNs 14. They all suck 83. They all suck his way. He had everybody else. In fact, I think they all suck. Is that everybody else put together? You're fine. I'll check it. Correct. That's right. How do you like that? And if all the other ones put together. You're FM music sucks. Why not try playing some real music? Why not bring it a program director with an IQ larger than his penis. Okay. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. Wireless line. Here's a call from Bocae. Hello. You're the best without you. This one in George is great. Yeah. Let me tell you all that. You know I offer you a fast way and not just in the York. I don't know how to hold Farts on a showcase or get out of here. Don't put old Farts on here. Didn't sell that old. I don't know Andy, a colombo and Rochester New York. I never heard of him and he's not an old friend of mine. And you're an old old. Just get the goddamn To Jam out of you. He doesn't go out and play some modular. When you're sir, it's a nice brisk day going to have another brisk. Get out of my face. Oh, speaking to get out of my face. So during the break, yes, who calls us right away? Calls George was on a phone for about three seconds until I identify himself. Greg from Portsain, loosely. Don't you understand it. What? Now what would it be exactly? Did he say? I'm pissed off. Good. This is Greg from Good. And you know what? That's a click. That's the idea, Greg. I don't want to know from you. If you want to listen to the show, it's like all the other people. They overwhelming majority of our audience. Especially this audience. They sit back and they listen. They don't call. Okay. They don't feel compelled to call. They don't come to the track and get in my face. They don't try to insvade my space. They listen. It's a radio show. Okay. It's my livelihood. It's free entertainment. Take it or leave it. And your case, leave it. I don't want to see you. I do remember you believe me. I remember you. I couldn't forget you if I tried. If they give me a lobotomy, I couldn't get you out of my mind. Because you're a no life. Even Dick Findberg said, If you don't come back to Pompano Park again, it'll be too soon. How do you like that? He said, he don't mind what's his name. The Reverend Jones guy. He's okay with a bad baseball cap. But in your case, I'll make an exception. Don't come back. And if you do come back, Greg, don't come near me. I don't want to come anytime soon. I go through this already. A gazillion. I don't want to know you. I don't like you. I can't stand you. You give me the creeps. Look in the mirror. Look at yourself in the mirror. Okay, Greg. I look at myself in the mirror. I see a fat old balding of a fag. And you know, I see it every day. Don't bother me. I'm okay. But in your case, I look at you. Greg and I see a simpleing, tragic, wimpy, pathetic, lemon and excuse for a human being who wants me to validate your existence as like something worthwhile by speaking to you. By identifying your presence there, my table where you have been invited and where you're absolutely unwanted. And next time you come to my table, I'm going to have am I good close personal friend, Alan Cohen, weights the dolphins even more than I do. I'm going to have Alan Cohen come down and personally pick you up with his thumb, which you could do very easily and throw your ass right off the sixth floor. Woo, how do you like that? Greg from Boynton Beach, reports at Lucy, where would it help you have him kick you out of yet? You scumbag. Oh, but jeez, have a party your life. Yeah, you know what part? The part that goes in the bowl, that's the part. The part that you flush down with a tidy bowl, man. That's the part. God, do I hate him. Well, this is a good break from that because here's my close personal friend, Suds. You know, I hope Uncle Mikey has y'all got their y'all hold what y'all got right on his tombstone. Yeah. I heard he had a tattoo on his back. That's weird. I could believe you know, I read then the paper this morning about day 30 or so. And I don't know. Jeez. I couldn't believe it. You know, I remember I had just moved in Abel's down from Sarasota. And I think it was his first week on WIOD. It honors him at Big Wilson and involved with it. Right. Great entertainers, right. Oh, man. I could have a very king was part of that great entertainer's too, right? Yeah. Oh, yeah. He got covered. He lary used to do that man on the street deals. Right. Call it. Oh, I'm just going to tell you the funniest things I've ever heard. Yeah. And I thought, why these days, man, I'm going to work at that radio station. Oh, you know, I don't know. It's funny you say that because when I was working at INZ. Yeah. And I'm trying to remember the restaurant that we used to go out to there on what the was the restaurant over there by IOD. I thought they're on the crossway. Oh, that they joint. Well, my normal animal would tell was, but anyway, I used to every time I would drive by IOD, I would think to myself, someday I'm going to be working in that building. My psychic powers, of course, little that I know what was going to happen. No. I knew that. Yeah. Then I remember when you then I remember when you would refuse to come and stand the doorway at tour. Yeah. And I would walk right by and just walk out the door, which I apologize. I apologize for that. No, I might not have noticed that we weren't standing where we were on our knees begging. Which paid off in Long Run. You know, that the edron movie last night was very good. It was excellent. Very good. No, no. Now, I wrong about that. It was should times you could probably put in the newspaper that it was going to be on Channel 33. Well, absolutely. You know, I read the review he did. Yeah. And noticed it said Channel 4. Right. You a week before that that it wasn't going to be on Channel 4. They put a stick and heat game on there. And not only was it a heat game, a tape delayed heat game. Oh, no. Are you serious? Hi. Hi. Oh, my. Oh, yeah. Great. Oh. Well, it's not going to run. You know, I'm really busy even. Yeah. You got these structures. Yeah. Go catch Pam's paycheck side. Try to figure out how to turn on the dishwasher. Okay. What do you see? Suds call them while you heard from Terry Griffin. We're from Dave Slater and the Suds call them our three friends. We don't hear from them. Someone's going to say, we don't have any left in the business. They either hate us or they're dead. One of the other isn't Chuck Meyer going to be calling in from where. No. No. Roger. Roger Magnum might might call it. Although Roger would probably want to watch the one these days. Hey, getting stoned in South Florida. I want to why why you get not even a chuckle. I know why you such a hard ass about Chuck Meyer just because he became such an egatist. He was a brilliant guy. Yeah. A great voice. See now there's another. That would be bad. I'm not going to put him in the same category with the other one with a good voice. Because Chuck Meyer was 100 times the guy. This loser is Chuck was a good guy. Yeah. So he started blaming you for his failure until his ego got the best of him. And he wasn't satisfied being a low paid news guy. He wanted to be a high paid talk show guy, which he was not. Actually, he was a high paid news guy. He was the news directory. But he had no thing he was making a lot of money. He envisioned he had, you know, I don't, I don't be grudge. You got wanting to make more money. But that's show and then they have Mike blow out for that. And then it watched those numbers. And then of course, then they're like you said to blame me for like, Oh, well, if Neil would have just supported this show. Ha ha. Yeah. Like if I would have supported the music on Zaytah that had big numbers the rest of the day. You people are in a dream world. See, it's not good enough for for management that they take my good numbers and they run to the bank with it. And they help to sell a whole station with it. That's not good enough. Now, I have to be able to spread my audience out over all the rest of the station to all the other shows to listen to music that they don't like. To listen to personalities that they hate. I can't do that. Sorry. Sorry. You idiots. Ten Williams. Mike Disney. Bob Neil. Etc. How's Bob Passen doing? Sure, right. He got out of radio. Was he ever in it? I came to 11 at 560 WQM. Hey, guys. The new year's here. If you're new year's resolution is a high-pain computer career now is the time to act. Fast rain is holding a free career seminar. This two-day evening at Smartite. It's Kindle. My name is Fort Lovredell and Pemberg Pines locations. This is a free seminar called 1-866 Fast Rain Reserve. You're seeing that's 86 fast train. Make 2003 the year that you're in a high-pain computer job. If you're overworked underpaid or in a really sucky job, this could be the most important 15 minutes of your life. Fast-train can have you certified ready for your dream job in just four short months. Call Fastrain toll-free at 1-866 Fast-Train. They have convenient day evening weekend classes. Call 1-866 Fast-Train Reserve. You're seeing for this two-day night for direction check out Fastrain at Fastrain.com. You know, the sub-sad the renewing thing in the obituary column? And when you got as much spare time as sub-sad you read the obituary column. It kills him good time. You're supposed to be in 566. You, yeah. I am. Yes, I am. You got the not-a-orching coming up. Oh boy! That's where we are, you know, the item of great value. It's less than me, mo. Oh yeah. They're all the way. Okay. However, we got more auctioned these items off for a very, very good good cause. Reach for the sky. What's that mean? It means stupid if they don't give up a goat, we take it anyway, see? Oh, like reach for the sky. Your money or your way. What's a matter, mo? I'm thinking. Just a joke, mo. A joke, huh? Yeah, I got a joke for you. Now that's funny. Now, where we got stocked and off this day. Why not auction off your paybed? Say, that's not a bad idea. I need to know in anyway. Yeah, please. But, please let me tell my minions in third dice about the luxurious Everglades hotel and its magnificent spa. That's where my close place in a man ran Jake Filler and I go quite often. He doesn't like too many to spa. Line there naked with just a doll, skinny mo. Here, areaoignables, jays soft hands, get the caressing my butt on. Didn't grasp them? You're all in motion. You can't carry the way mo, you're sparing on me. Stop it! You are professionals, what? How dare you interrupt the spot? Would you spree us and me again? No, give me a spree us! Here! You'll be splashing me. With your sparing just me. That's, you want to see. Scorts, courts. To fill the dinner, my friends, please. The lock is smells like Fox Henders' Dash. I'll try and you gotta brand new bag. I can't believe I'm gonna put you through the noise. That's a good bag, makes me feel good. It's difficult. Like at all, the cocka should be in the dinner. It feels nice. Like when I don't, I waxed my eyes. This old one is, saying, So I gotta get a brand new bag. Here! With your sparsity, it's thanks. It's a good bag. It's a good bag. It's a good bag. 14 to 11 at 56, you don't really hear him. Not only does Tom's, you could not write anything about Reniri Dynne. But you remember what Tom does right that has to do with Rady Winnistown? The last two columns that he wrote that I can remember? We're both about the Doop Shop. Oh yeah. Yeah. To Doop Shop. If you don't have many people, listen to Doop beside Boca-Bron. You can put a phone booth, the entire Doop audience, and everyone left for the North Korean Army. How do you like that? And Fat Bozaz. You could get in there too. And he's writing big articles about that. And oh, this guy got screwed over on magic. And the Doop Shop, Yadiyadiyadiyadiyadiyadiy. That must be another New York thing, you know? I guess what, Tom, you're not in New York anymore. Can you give him a look around? Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Yep. Yes, sir. Long, long time listener. I think I've called you twice in the last 15 years. Okay. You know, I've listened to you for that period of time, probably Mike Kholso. And for years, I would wonder and ask myself, why I enjoyed Mike Reneri's show. And then I asked why I was so devastated by his death. And I think it was, it was like writing in every morning with an old friend. And when there's suddenly gone, you realize how much you miss him. Right. And I tell you, he was also an inspiration as to how he kept coming back. I mean, he would take his hard knocks. He was, he was a survivor. He was a survivor and he was always upbeat and cheerful. I don't know what he was like in his personal life, but you never could tell over the air that he'd had such a hard time. And he was an inspiration. And, you know, what the tragedy was happening to radio now is all of these personalities, working suds, micrineries, they're all passing from the scene. Right. Why you're another. And what are we left with? Cookie cutter craft. Yeah, if you're not a sports holder, there is nothing to listen to. Hey, listen, I don't know why you feel about sports, but I really mean it when I turn in. And I do enjoy sports. I watch both football games yesterday, but I got to say this. The George uses that term about to make his teeth ache. I feel the same way. Listening to people dissecting ball games and carrying on and getting all the emotion on psychotic. It's one thing to be a sports fan. It's another thing to have absolutely no life or any perspective on what's really important in the world. I know you can take it. It's a tragedy. If you're a normal person, you can take it for ten minutes. That's about it. But anyway, I just want to say, you know, how much your listeners value your company and the way you've enriched our lives over the years we felt the same way about Mike Rick and Sudge and all the good guys on radio. So keep doing what you're doing. Thanks for the search. I'll thank you. Bye-bye. Here's a fact. Guess who it's from. I give you one, guys. Oh, you don't know how to answer. Give it recognize the handwriting. And the only reason I'm dignifying it is just to show the audience on that some hard-bitten old piece of crap. Well, maybe I am. He will be heard. Oh, yes. He will be heard. And of course, I could Schmidt-Khan is like I would most of this crap like the guy with a little tiny handwriting. Neil, I saw you in the F and elevator. Didn't say a word to you. No, you didn't say a word to me because you got on the elevator because that's the one I was getting on. Who'd tell you, kidn, lifeless piece of turd. It says, who the hell would be? Would you be without your radio show? They see, this is a guy who just on Saturday told me how great the show is sounding and it was nice to see me again. But because of the fact that I hate him like poison, now I'm a piece of crap. Just another fat old homo and sunrise lakes. It says, who are you kidding? I don't live in sunrise lakeshmuck and I also don't live in Portsain, loosely. I haven't called your show it over six years, which is a lie. A lie. I was in town for an annual meeting at Pompano Park and stuff by to say hello. For all of 30 seconds that I was gone. That's it. The only reason you were gone on 30 seconds is because I kept looking down on my program and ignoring you. I don't want anything from you nor will I ever, the same hello once a year. If I have to sue me and I have no life, yes. And then I'm pathetic, yes. You're the one that looks pathetic, screw off Greg. How do you like that? I guess he told you. Yeah, you told me off. I look pathetic, right. And you know what? What kind of card did you drive up in last night, Greg? Huh? And how much you pull it on this year's sweetheart? Plus I wasn't there for a date last night, Greg. How do you like them, apples? I wasn't there for a date with you. He's just he gives me the creeps. He makes my skin crawl. And you'll be called the great union between him and the unmentsurable one. Trinity from Hollywood. Remember that? Well, the two of them were ganging up at the hockey games, which you're up together. Birds of a feather suck around together. We got to start a new organization. It's going to be called C.A. Chronic's anonymous. The guy with the eyes, the guy with a funny pack. That Jack guy with a big square hands. This is a grit this loser. Andy from Hollywood. All these guys, Woody. Gilbert. Gilbert, well. Now you can carry it away. 560560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's Tamarack. Hello. Tamarack. Hello. What is it? It's not my choice to call this radio show. Good. It's my choice to hang up. Oh, and it's going to be two in the row, because this is highly a hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, happy to late at New Year. Neil. I wanted to call you because I want to say, happy New Year first of all. It's definitely. He's got your Santa, yeah. Mike, I was on his show back in the early 90s. I'm a local musician and they had a rock on those showcases in the early 90s called Miami Rocks. And I was on the show and I just want to say that I'm sorry that he's going to be with a very nice guy, very, very accommodating. He gave me a nice plug being a musician and performer. And just, you know, I just want to go save the world of radio out there that was a nice guy on the air. The guy was a substance. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Neil, take care. Okay. So you too. Thank you. Well, I was nice. Five six seven out. Of course, nice is not a word that this town knows too much about. We don't want to be too nice. No, we got a bunch of chronic. We had a bunch of winers like Greg out there. Oh, gee. You're going to look specific. You've had a whole whole most should be living in sunrise lakes. But you see, the problem is Greg, I do have the radio show. I'm going to back here be two weeks and I am driving my two Corvettes and I am living the life of Riley, in Toronto and here in wherever the hell I feel like it. And you're running around like some kind of a living, slup it up to me at the track. Like a suckling. Remember the ugly duckling? This is the ugly suckling. Not to be confused with your good friend Matt sludge. You know who he sounds like on the air. Have you ever heard him on the air? No, I haven't that. I'll give you a clue. Sounds just like the she hooked to the nose. Seriously. He looks like he sounds like the she. I nail you into better than that. Just like that. Why me? Why me? Yeah, he was saying culture. I had those liberals. Good. You know, I probably never hear from Lynn Samuel's again. I love her. She's a wonderful person. But there's something. I don't know what that's all about. Do you? I'll never know what that's all about. I mean, politically, there is far apart as it is possible to speak in a James Carvelland, Mary Magdalene. But there's, and you sure as hell know what ain't about anything else. I don't know what that's all about. Lynn. Here's sunrise. Hello. Anyhow. What's up? Yes sir. I was hungry to sky at him. He looks like people has some, how much you make here. He goes, why you want to know that? I'm like, what's up with that? What is he going to be so offensive about that for? That's my first point. My second point is. Then some of the door. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. What happened? Yeah. I didn't hear the last part. No, I don't want to. 560. 560. I'm going to be the first part. Good. It's perfect. Work out great. Would you just relax? Just calm down. I just wanted to make sure you know. Here's our close personal friend Rick Shaw, who unfortunately has to work on a station where they play, build me a buttercup 10 times an hour. How are you doing Rick? Good. Neal happy New Year. Send you. Alright. Sorry to hear about Mike. Mike got. He was, what are the old timers? Yeah. Not one of his left men are just a very few of his left. That's exactly right. And in the sad part of it is nobody's around the replace it. Nobody is doing it the way he did it. I did it. You did it. You know, it seems to be part of something that's just kind of passing on and going into the past. Well, that's because you got a government that has four companies on every station in the world. And all they want is put cooking cutter crap on it. They don't care about personalities. You got the same half dozen people on every station in every market in the world. And that's it. Yeah. Very soon. It is indeed. And the sad time obviously with Mike passing and Mike and old just the isn't his family and all friends. But he heard a lot of them out there too. He really was a survivor though. You know, they screwed him over there at Cox Broadcasting. And then he got the last laugh on him by getting paid off a year for not working. And then he, but he, he, he, to his credit, he put himself together to think over Laxi took Roger with him in Henry. And, you know, he right up until he and he made himself a living. Hey, you know what he was in my sky? Yeah. Really good. Yeah. Yeah. Great day. Okay. Don't play the foundations anymore. Please. Okay. See you Rick. I might be flip my cap that build me up. I mean, yeah. And the sad part of it is they play some songs over to the point without you still like. I mean, that was an okay song was corny, but it was okay. Don't be picking on magic. Now this audience likes magic. They got 13 votes on the poll, baby. How many votes we got George? I don't know. 195. Then you're 200. I, oh, do I hate this thing? Can we get a new mouse or something? This thing? Oh, geez. Somebody just yanked my mouse. Come on. Come on. Come on. Oh, it's a way to a clerical meeting during the last break. He said that that night with the beast out there at 10p. Said it was the best sex you ever had. Okay. Here are the ones that have the best FM station south Florida. A lot of 94 has got one. CMQ1. CMYV Minoblack 1. RIP-01. RMF2. What is the NFC for an NFC station? That is a good station, by the way. It's all right. Let me compare to the other ones. Right. Great. That's in a great. Y 103. Power 4. That'll pacify King Curry. Life has got 4. Kiss has got 5. PYM Party radio got 5. Party in your pants. Let me move this thing down here. Come on. This mouse is in. Oh, come on. So they have four hours show. That's not. EDR's got seven Zeta's got eight. Magic got 13 wreck. You're still doing it. Despite of that music he's making you play. Big 14 LRN 19 and they all suck 100. 1057 and 560 WQM. What's bottom I do? I'm doing balance for life. Fad boys back on it now. And we know seriously. The holidays is always a good excuse for everybody. But that's just the fat tub like him. Tf is our poster child for balance for life. The beast did it first. How much did the beast lose over 60 pounds, right? Sure. Well, seriously. Last about 60 pounds. Right. Which he would have been sculped enough to have sex with Clarence out there if he would have been that fat. And then the fat boy now has started at 336 back in the summer. And he went in this morning 15 pounds he's lost. And you could lose whatever you need. If you got 10 or 15 pounds to lose, maybe you got 100 or more. Balance for life works because they take all of the imagination. All of the guesswork out of losing weight. No cooking, no shopping, no choices, no cleaning, no worries, no calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting. Just great results. And delicious food too. They bring in your little black sack. They'd over to door to your home and your R-ificid. You're where we want by 60. Talk every morning. And in your little black sack. There are three gourmet delicious meals. Two great snacks all made with the best ingredients on the face of the globe. And they give you a sheet every day. You pick from two selections for every meal. And trust me when I tell you there is plenty of food in that sack to keep you satisfied all day long. That's the key instead of eating all of that crap in between. It's the only company like I said, that let's choose between two alternatives for each one of your meals. So here's the deal. If you want to continue being fat. If you want your diabetes to get worse. If you want to lose a limb. If you want to lose your leg. If you want to go blind. If you want all those horrible things associated with diabetes. Believe me. I'll go ahead. But if you want to lose the weight and get in better health and look better too. So Greg will feel better about you. Call balance for life right now. It's 5954 56683229. That's 9554 56683229. Or visit their website at balanceforlife.com. And my name is Paul. This is sports when you're five six months. You weigh yeah. Get so get doctor. All the other four. Get so get doctor. All the other four. The doctor. What she knows about the mother and all. On the doctor. All the bad old man. That girl. Who knows where the should know. All right. Who knows where the should know. All right. She's from the head. Open the door. And look. I'm the forest. The Lord of Mars. But she ain't any more. Been rising so long. It's best to both go down. To revive the should know. All right. Who knows where the should know. Don't get to worry. You're so wonderful. I'm show your mother's in arms and large. Come fast. Dr. Maurice. You want to thank you for your guys. On the piano. I'm all the rest of the company. You've got a bunch now. Say to me your瑕al to him trust me. Say tell us. Radiopold the doctor. Lord, I'm the mysterious huh. función the We hear Canof. Tooll it own. Clearers follow Sherif. Grow found. that's what the former said in cemetery village oil clogged it's 11.05.60. WQAM on a free uh... I don't know more kind of a marginal Monday got that kind of like thing hanging over us you know with the death of our friend Mike we knew it's like hanging over us we heard from rich sure we heard from Terry Griffin our close personal friend Dave Slater says Coleman have it from Henry Barrow yet are you holding your breath yes you don't think Mike he's not going to call me in a Henry's not going to call because he's dead mickey back there at waxy and took them morning sure away from him and chase mickey in your close friend Roger Magdalene out there and forced him to go like uh... wasn't it wasn't cheap channel he was working for there at the end wasn't the main station of jane or whatever jane yes yeah they said i mean i don't know why i asked because other than the three we got here they don't just about every station in the universe anyway so why why even ask what don't forget those cox stations yeah cossill hoist let me say it again we're not letting them off the hook okay there are the ones who went to advance mickey put a foot in the grave stabbed him in a back just like Dave lemont and uh... pitty boulders that sunny hursian aback put him in an early grave wouldn't tell him by the zi doing a u.m. games and i'll tell you one thing about our good close personal friend sonny hursia was also a great guy not a good guy but a great guy it was no josegaki oh my oh my yeah when he was voice of the hurricanes for about a hundred years he may not have been the greatest play by play an answer to world but he you know he was uh... he was uh... he was uh... the hurricane people were comfortable with him with sunny they liked him and he certainly wasn't historical and psychotic that i can't even imagine i was telling the carola's before the show i can't even imagine the kind of history on the station in friday night during that broadcast oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty in horizon wireless line now you remember i'm not almost gonna say that would be bad that would be very bad about that plane crash because we like your personal joseg guy and then and people would take that out of context and say oh gee he wish that joseg would then i don't wish anything bad joseg good guy like josegaki infected or something i wouldn't mind if they put joy on between nine and ten and put us back on ten to two they screwed me man i like the hours i'm at make no mistake about that i'd be lying to you if i said i don't love nine to one love you not but one o'clock but uh and killed a show they've destroyed us ratings anyway uh another one of Greg's brain storms baby try to goose up that morning show by once again siphoning off from good old no well that part of the plant actually works little bit but but but there's but there's siphoning from us though see i don't know doesn't work for us it may work for him but it don't work for us but you know something who cares groom screw him after five years of producing for them that's for you okay Greg that's for you you didler he should have been on batman remember they had the ridler he could have been the didler and i do love that show i've been got that up there on action tv another one oh that's another thing i want to talk about digital cable i don't want to get you to depressed about being here in south Florida because we are cursed down here and one of the ways that were cursed is by AT&T uh what do they call it broad band AT&T AT&T broadband i wouldn't wish their cable on o summa bin Laden a alf Hitler and musselina together beneath do for the to that's the digital cable my ass up in toronto i got roger's digital cable my own company with a thousand channels i'm not saying they all come in but there are hundreds of channels including all those great movie channels i told you about and maybe i have a toy about including the action tv ones where they got shows like batman on two three times a day like they have back between four and five back to back half hour episodes of the old batman where robins got something stuff in his pants good great stuff that's one of the other reasons i get so depressed about being down here even just what you watch on tv the choices are pathetic when suds told me that that game the heat came last night was on tape delay that has got to be criminal you people a channel for need a lot of bottom it you're crazy people we should know that when they put angel array back on here for cackler any minute now she's gonna fall back with it or two no any minute now she's gonna lay a gigantic egg the size of my rush more in it's here a huge one and they sure lay the egg with everybody else last night really and and not only was it a good movie but it was an important movie the enron flick it was it was well done even jica like there was even like anything and how many people do you think knew it was on channel 33 of five you people a channel for man you make me sick you make me want to puk you suck god there's an awful lot of sucking going on in this town that's why the people are making maybe that's why so many of the people are here so ordinary you know maybe they actually be nice people if there was like more nice stuff going on around them as opposed to like AT&T broadband keep where the signal blows there isn't a day that goes by that like the channels like kind of like feet out for a second then they come back on see it CNN forget about it's been like it's got a shadow of the station and real loud like that for days now once in a while it comes in okay so I go to direct TV if I want to watch CNN or one of my other 40 satellite dishes here's Fort Lauderdale hello hey Neil yes sir hey my name's Eric I was all a micronaries board up for the last three years up in Palm Beach where he was right and uh... this was all the things you had to say in your absolutely right the one thing that stood out about the guy was he was just a regular good guy he never has like a head trip going on right and he power trips he was always easy to work with first i walked in there i asked him what are we going to do how we're going to run this show he said just get me on the air son and i'll do the right and he said just pop out my mic and make it happen and from that day on the next three years you know they were full of full fun and he was you know unexpected turns at every corner with mike but uh well one of the great things about mike is he could make more out of less than anybody i've been he could make a show out of the all-manac and the weather report and make a whole show out of it was amazing well in the fishing port well seeing his show prep every day that was about it and he'd come on in and he just uh make it happen and be mike and uh yeah always nice always happy and uh never a problem it was really fun work with him and he'll be missed guys like him and you that's the uh that shows he's he's passed away and we have more hours so i guess that tells you where we're at what is that tell you we're going to hell on a hand bass thanks Eric thanks Eric bye bye here's a fact or mic the chronic who just can't help himself it must be the overhead because i mean maybe i've been shouting a lot today i've been shouting in slow-mo running a lot side a little bombastic because i'm getting like a raw throat i think i'm going to be out sick for a few weeks i've got a sore baton probably till March i'll take one of those during the knock on i get during the break because i don't want to have to take that headset off it's so cumbersome mike the chronic says i just long out of qm's website and saw picture of mohower david that is one ugly motho he says no one reads not on camera he chatted the lens and he calls you ginger released ginger with someone attractive all the best no i actually calls me neologers now and you know what to relate to late it would be like if oj called up the google vins says ah come on let's go to dinner this weekend i'm buying you know i i just somehow i don't think they need to reset it and so if that's supposed to be his overture or his his uh posture is being professional or whatever he's doing for the new year way too late you know be like like Hitler showing up at a synagogue some Friday evening and saying you know maybe i maybe i was a little bit let overboard my bad yeah right so then i mentioned i did mention about anything about it the movie the austin powers i saw gold finger well you didn't say anything about it exactly you'll remember it was it was good it was okay the one i like the skin it was wearing off a little it was wearing a little bit yeah in the mole that was funny yeah you're right it was pretty good well it's the kind of movie though that's great for killing time on a plane oh yeah because usually the movies you have a choice amount of plane are like oh so marginal you know but that's kind of like a first run movie it's good stuff so i loved it 560 560 pont 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line which the best FM station south loaders are pulled a also if you go to newrogers dot com great job by the way Eric and spite of what they're saying about you now they're not saying anything just i don't want to get him worked up again okay that's my mistake we love you Eric okay even though you're a little slow sometime i don't i don't want to start kissing his ask him what's because they didn't help think like you know i want to keep him on his toes and of course keeping Eric on his toes would be like anyway the book David Brock blinded by the right the conscience of an ex conservative this is our new book that we recommended to he asked to clean a little late get in the right of this because it's giving me this book two months ago but it just came out last year anyway so it's a here's a guy that was originally a liberal when he went off to Berkeley he became a conservative a rare witch in the book he'll explain how that happened a rabbit hateful right winger which i guess is being redundant and then finally uh... fast up to all of it and the book is fascinating it's sensational including what he points out about misgrudge you mark my words you won't be no emails from my friend linen anymore i went over the edge over the board on misgrudge maybe they share the same wardrobe i don't vice and logo here was mis appropriate liou a Don't kind all She's not a little bit too much She's a little bit too much She's a little bit too much She's not a little bit too much She's a little bit too much She's a little bit too much She's a little bit too much She's a little bit too much She's a little bit too much She's a little bit too much She's a little bit too much She's a little bit too much She's a little bit too much She's a little bit too much She's, if I go home a little bit Always to go. I get tired about that And my things We've all been outside But I just want to try Can't wait for something I'm coming Just for a walk Good pot Sit's bare Break it down It's too long I found that she is lazy She's more than she's dying I'm not so sure when I finally got to leave her home But she will never let me come back and ever be all the time to die I'm not a judge I'm not a judge I'm not a judge I'm not a judge I'm 16 to 5, 60, WQM happy Monday 2 The new round you show is still kicking ass After 600 years, how do you like that? Kicking Greg's ass right out of our face What is it about that name? Do we know any Greg that we like? Think about it Who's saying this? I don't know Greg, Greg, we know Greg from hunger Greg, he's a good guy from WD He's taking over the Eclipse Have you seen those flutting spots? Yeah, that's it He must have balls like an elephant He's the wizzi He's the wizzi I'm going to keep mentioning that until we embarrass him He won't He won't be calling in either with that ball of heart Marcus still busy running around trying to force people to speak English Do you know if they don't want to See, you don't know some of these cry like I know him You don't know like I know him because I've been here a long time baby I don't know him at all And the one thing about this town is like recycled Schmidt They just keep popping up over and over and over again Never go away Here's the fact it says You are absolutely correct sir, the radio sucks Except for you and stir and there isn't Schmittillus I say they're isch mantillus and two Nothing but the same repetitive swirl over and over day and a day out And it's been that way for at least 20 years It's amazing how much great music exists And yet none of it has ever played I travel two hours a day community to work it to become so desperate I listen to sports geeks like mad dog moron and fat slob hammer Come on, don't be picking on Hank He's a little bit on the putty side Okay, he says it's pathetic I urge all four millions to call these stations And bitch about the programming Then station management might get off the ration change in terra format But I doubt it, PS Florida sucks Well, doubting it is the correct way to look at it Okay, don't waste your time stick with your CDs and whatever else Just like all those classical music people I keep telling you They have those amazing things called CDs Wining and crying and catching and carrying on about nothing Every great piece of classical music is available on beautiful Digital qualities a CD Just pop it right in your play or whatever and you're less as in your Mercedes and your Jew canoe whatever you're driving out there and quit belly aching so much Oh Jim, why don't we go to do the worst call in the history of the human race was that call? Even transcending the guy who said aren't we blessed down here Jim? About a couple of football games. Well, if he were blessed that weekend Boy, we must be cursed something fierce the devil must be sticking in our back Man, we're getting pitchforked is what we're getting if it's all if the parameter is all based on ball games See if that and I also another called a man dog on Friday some guy talking about well You know what's really all about is my guys kick your guys my town's better in your town is that one makes a great town is having a sports team that wins something? What else? Oh, yeah, that's a good point I thought maybe if we have more early bird dinners than everybody else that would be nice, but not as important more illegal aliens Five six seven oh and you notice you notice that last kid that washed up on sure You remember that there were never her another word about you one or kids there was no custody battle right? So that was you know that took all the fun out of it. I was planning for like another two years with another alien on deal all a great Bitsk could have the phones lit up at all those people that will never hear from again Remember all those who the yet's that were actually calling old ones even. Oh, okay. I think you mama called in Yeah, I don't listen to English radio good for her. Okay, no good for us actually who wants that old bitch calling us And by the way, George says he don't want you call him either not at the house your mama Call him in a phone booth okay. He'll be the number five six He won't be there with a phone rings, but he'll give you the number anyway give it a shot Maybe we can give the same number to Greg from 100 560 pound five 60 on the ATT I will be at the path through the Red Wing game this Wednesday I Greg I just mentioned that case maybe you and anyone to stop by Here is Boca. Hello Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I hope you have a great year this year I've been listening to you about a year and a half of me I've been down here a few years and I've been I get a chance to listen to you. Oh, I think I always get a laugh out of it all right and it really makes Like it makes me feel good, but I was living up in Canada for a few years and you're right They have kind of a hang up about Americans You know the inferiority complex They worry about it. I mean, you know something now that they lost you know the Canadian and the junior hockey tier The world junior hockey that they lost the rush of last night of the final yeah, I'm gonna be psychotic now They're gonna be committing suicide I know But they have a great country, but they know you know they did it you know they have this feeling about we should worry about them We don't ever think about you know people down here and everything about right Most of the people here don't even know where it is on a map. Hey, could you do me one favor anything you like? Uncle where he misses a rendition of condolences. You get a chance I love that ball. Okay. Have a great day. Thanks, but oh What a wonderful day 567.0560 pound five 60 before we play that though. I might have to talk to my good friend. Oh, I know and see what he thinks about it pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line That plenty of open lines there, which I can't understand It's our first full day back official after the new year even though I was here Thursday and Friday And I know a lot of you are trying to put your life back together. That's the pun that's the excuse. Now they're gonna excuse 104. Oh, it just changed again 147 the best FM state in South Florida. They all suck 147 which is more. I'm sure than all of us put together LRN 21 big 17 magic 15 and spite of the foundations that build my S buttercup Zeta 10 EDR9 kiss on it way down from there. When you think RMF would do better than that No, why not I got it. They got a great signal. They don't get it. Nothing. They don't like this show. They don't get it Like our management. They just don't get it. Oh, screw on. It's birthdays this week. You know what? He still smells the same That's what Troy told me this morning. He said it may be her birthday, but it still smells the same and I'm gonna see what he's talking about 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Here's Pompidot Beach, hello. Oh my god. I can't I can't talk in length of the same time It's still cracking up with that the Greg Lucina's line you're unbelievable. Yeah Is there any new staper in the country where the worst radio TV departed in the Sun sent it up? No weeks ago that the the Sunday TV book that came in yesterday's paper and if people know the industry they know that the TV book is printed two weeks in advance Had it correct bit which is the opportunity because the TV book is usually raw But they had the heat game on channel for any end run movie on 33 so I don't know how jick it didn't understand that Because it's in the freaking paper he's an asshole unbelievable I wasn't I wasn't I wasn't gonna talk because I heard you come at this morning You bet don't have a work in radio because soonerally the somebody's gonna screw with your life That's right. I got about 20 is experience and that but I have to discuss I know you'll love direct television and I was happy I last tried moved to a high rise in waterdale by this see that's why it only for direct TV I I had it with cable companies. I'm moving next to wait wait wait. Why do you sound love direct TV? I don't know yet because you always raved about it. Why man's it's better than cable? Well, I have friends and relatives with AT&T digital broadband to rave about it at the point there is when there's a freaking little rainstorm It doesn't go out all the time and I don't know I had six months of not up nightmare between June and October with direct TV on A technical basis on a customer service basis there their customer service department is useless I wrote about four letters to the president that right to the I won't mention names You know who I'm talking about. I'm sure in Los Angeles I get a response from somebody the name of Kathy as no last name just the initial S That's not for a weird yeah a corporate stationary with just a PO box I still don't know whether Dolby is a Los Angeles. You can't get a phone over you can't get anything accomplished I had out of sync audio on the on the new stations I had show time which was in order but you're obviously dealing with somebody in competent I don't have those problems. Well, I mean I did have some other problems which I talked about last week Which I don't want to repeat all over again, but generally speaking I have very little problem with direct TV and certainly a lot I have 50 times the problem with a cable That I'll ever have under rectiving my cable sucks the only of cable sucks 80 80 80 broadband are the anti-Christ regular cable does suck. I agree with you. Oh, I think that they're they're peddling it as digital cable and it's not digital cable But the only thing I'm saying you should get the same at this point the least you can get the same program It's just you can get your 7-HBOs you can get your sports packages and you don't have to deal with the weather problems that you get was satellite I don't know because I never had Direct TV satellites is the more the dish now we're gonna private house I do know some people that have had it and have gotten rid of it They mainly mainly because they're customer service support. You can't get anything done We can't have a company you can go down the block to the offices and scream in yellow sometimes When you when you when they last pay people like 50 cents an hour because of you ever called 1-800 direct TV People the people the people like you talk to have an IQ and a minus column exactly And they sent me a letter back from their corporate offices like gorgeous is kind of you said well the people that you're complaining about are not the right people to talk to well If they're not give me a phone over tell me who I'm supposed to talk to with those arms are right people That's the only number you're giving me what am I supposed to do? It just kind of a big any It's not worth it to get this hysterical I'm just doing just for the shot. Oh good Okay, I said okay YouTube There's a kind of collar we like he doesn't really feel all I emotional about it, but he's putting on a little stick for us We like it sir. Stick it Oh guy he not gonna sit back and take crap. He's paying he's paying for a quality product there and they're jerking him around a little bit There's nothing wrong with a little jerking around, but it's supposed to feel good when it's over Here's the facts you want like this from Gary Another chronic Same old stuff. This is probably a obvious boyfriend Says why doesn't George talk about Palestine anymore did he get his ball circumcised? I don't know they circumcised your balls Do these circumcised your balls who they who are the brist of the the brist people? The people doing the brist business. They so you're balls We got people who are here who shave their balls like you'll castella. I wonder if he shaved this ball before their honeymoon Since they've been living together for years now. He better have why if you're gonna shave on any day Better be through your nose is so genina she end of that or was that just his prior-prior girlfriend you know whatever Never does that I want to talk you're always telling me that all you talk about would joe is sex You have a nut with your needle Oh the other babes David Atlanta says Listening online in the land of Joja. I heard you talking about Mike I listened to both of you for a hundred years before fleeing that crap or hole in nineteen ninety six Congratulations day for getting out of here A lot of my talents was doing a four-hour show in two hours by saying everything twice That's the skinny on that you're right day. We used to joke about that He used to do a four-hour show that was really only two hours because he'd repeat everything a second time. He'd repeat everything a second time You know what I think to say have one thing he did not say a second time. I was uga buga Well, that's what the buga is Oh, I see a slight variation of uga here's one it says it was a wonderful two and a half week vacation when I returned Sunday and read the letter the editor below. I knew it was back in South Florida a mindless lifeless sportshold This is from a Robert and Carl Springs wrote the letter that the referring to which they have on this thing on the effects It says great games invariably mean the home team lost. Oh, I already read this. That's right Oh, that you know something I'm this whoever fastest to me. Thank you so much Lauren Because I meant to cut this out. I forgot to clip it out Listen to this great games invariably mean the home team lost if they want you would need to call it anything Our season with all of it entails such as tailgating Cheering and drinking has ceased to be and that is the destiny of the South Florida sports fan the heat Marlon's Panthers and Dolphins offer the thrill of victory in the agony of defeat only more of the letter This was our first year of Dolphins season tickets and it was a hoot arriving three hours before game time And sharing that time with fans of all ages and heridages is in lightning that we all share the dream of the ultimate test The Super Bowl makes us of one spirit and that spirit is hope and hope is cheap at 37 dollars a seat plus parking Hope at the heat games cost me $80 a seat plus parking and I can't cook my own stakes My thanks to the offense for a great year in the escape and it afforded for those eight game days A season that could dispense with the rest of the paper to just concentrate on the sports I could forget about the wars and meanness and cruelty and retreat to this game of giants rich giants But giants nonetheless. How do I like the way the giants blew that game yesterday? 244 lead rich giants with giants nonetheless and ones who share their joint disappointment with their fans When I fail to work it's be between a law sale and me when they fail at work There's no rationalizing on the way back to the office, but there are cheers next time See you next home game in thanks Rice lifeless Robert and Carl Springs Robert get a life get a search party baby. I have no life. Oh my god I read the letter my reaction was exactly the same as the guy who fasted to me You have to be shwitting me These these rich giants who can't afford you You don't want to share the dream I Call it's share the nightmares what I call especially after this last weekend when we thought of it were cursed after the last few days starting last Sunday Starting as a yeah, and you know something that often fans ought to feel a little bit better Because they only blew an 11 point lead with five minutes to play the browns blew a 14 point lead twice and The giants blew a 24 point lead with about four seconds to play How do you like that fact rich Garcia? Man, oh man So what are you bitching about huh and then the herkouans in a bad call and it was a fend and flag Yeah, so who cares? They get their own fend and call later in the game They got first and go on the two yard line first of all a whole thing in college over time is ridiculous Do you know how they play over time and college have no idea now you do know it over time like in professional football Think about it and they play another period sure just like they play the first four Well, and college football they've got this great idea And they have the coin toss who's gonna receive is gonna kick and they start with or they don't kick I'm sorry they don't do that who's gonna defend where they start on the other teams 25 yard line And then they have four downs or what they they keep trying to get a first down and they try to score if they get a field goal They got three points to get touchdown some pointed nothing and then the other team does the same thing at the other end 25 yard line And if they both get a touchdown for example, then they have a second overtime, which is what happened the game Friday So the the herkouans got to ball first and go on two yard line and they can't punch you in you got nobody to belake about what yourself plus the five turnovers And you should have known it was coming to gain against rockers It was like holding up a science a hey, we'll see this is what happens when you play girls teams all year long No matter how good you are it's like a race horse if a race race a horse races against crappy competition They tend to be lazy they tend not to perform at their best and then when the true test comes along It's very easy to go back and fall back into your bad ways Follow what I'm saying because I sure don't Huh? No seriously, that's the way it works you get when you play in all those girls teams those big East teams You win by 85 points and then all of a sudden you don't win by all those points and some of the games is a maybe we stink, you know Maybe we suck maybe we're a bunch of choking dogs and By the way, it was pungsent Columbus we already had one online that George unfortunately put online I knocked him right off of there and I we're not gonna talk to you. We'd eat it's up there Get a life Columbus that's what is a bell told and that's why it took off You idiot Gonna call here. Oh, well we've got congratulations to a house state for least not bringing the city down again this time nice gone That's about the only thing we can say for you. Let me tell you right now because I don't want to get sports intensive If you see what a play the one of those teams Friday, then they want to kick their ass from here to Uranus That is not there's no debate about that they to kick their ass We got a hundred open lines in this phone and I have no idea why cuz we've heard from some very famous people today and some like kind of marginal 560 pound 560 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line am I doing the right spot here? dial Oh mattress Because I don't like this copy at all. I hate the copy fat boy sucks But he has lost 15 pounds and balance for life. Oh, anyway if you want to get you a great night sleep do the same thing that I've been doing in Miguel and George and anybody else with a brain even like a little one And get you a great brand new name brand Matt wizard on beatable price from dial a mattress called 1-800 MATT RES right now and dial a mattress will have you sleeping like a baby all year long That should be your new is resolution get a good night sleep every night with a quality name brand mattress and they got the best They have silly sort of Simmons King Coral and every size and style ever invented when you call 1-800 mattress You'll be talking with an expert bed and consult or recommend the perfect bed for you when you're back And they have exactly the one you're looking for in stock no funny sales no bait and swish like those departments Doors and then when you order you know that from dial a mattress They'll have it there when you want when it's convenient for you They have a 99% on time record which is just one reason why they're ranked number one for overall customer satisfaction So if you want to get satisfied do it on a great mattress from dial a mattress and enjoy the new year with that somebody special with a great brand name A mattress in the unbeatable price call 1-800 MATT RES That's 1-800 mattress for dial a mattress the perfect way to start off the new year And don't keep so far apart Can't believe the can't believe the what you be doing It's me who has just like that broken schmots of stuff Is you there cause you are at home The lies of the greedy oil all But then he make you clean all the white house bathroom The couple seems the toilet and then scrub the floor They tell you don't wear sandals Drunk the leaf though Your phone chip don't help make them warm Oh rich and you You're not being naked Not you slack it will throw If you feel what you feel that's all you do When they while you be flipping fast gay you may be lying That they're treating you just like your ester-roll That's when you hit with the touch of the side Drunk the leaf though It's a bullshit rummere They be cracked or asshole Here's another word of warning all you put into broadcast people out there beware of bitchy right wing queens 567-0560 boy We sure got a lot of open lines that like just about all of them That's very sad Is this the way we're gonna start out the new year? Very sad to me Fourth of January 2003, sixth whatever the hell it is See one thing because normal to call me if I would have been in Toronto yesterday and told me about Mike And so I would have known about it I would have gone online, I know we got in the Arctic the old bit from the Harold And I still would have had it As opposed to Tom Jekko claims that I'm out of touch by not being here And I don't have my thumb on a pulse of it And he's right here in town and he have it Oh brother Talk about the popcorn you can't all ping Tom your pathetic You're tragic you're sad you're an embarrassment I wouldn't like my ass with your freaking newspaper Here's a call from Pembroke Pine, hello Can I apply for Goldie? 560-50560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line Voighten V, Chilo I've been here you are, Gondior And back to you Hey, I wanted to tell you about a great book So many bounty for a Christmas I think Giorgio would really enjoy it too It's called Galaya, author named Steve Alton It's really good because it deals with the victim of terrorism And the hijacking and nuclear southern And he puts that elicid demand that Read like George Bush's Christmas list And it starts off with the execution of Saddam Hussein and a bunch of other figures like Castro And Kim Jong-il and the guy doesn't get what he wants He's going to watch a new one bag that And so you start rooting for the villain I get the moral of the story The Rosa hell is paid with good intentions And things really get out of hand quickly And it's amazing how many things the guy has And the book that are coming true on today's headlines Really good book That way you recommend it I'll check it out, thanks a lot Thank you 560560 palm-fot Where the women here today again Let's start the new year with that again We had one I think One or two? Pretty weak Pretty weak response here on an opening day January 6, 2003 Get the new year off on a right foot Can you guys do it? No, no Now this wasn't a year old this morning Somebody faxes me I guess we were it's worth mentioning Less than 24 hours after returning from the festival You of him sophomore tailback Willis McGay he had successful surgery On his left knee yesterday afternoon The hell sound doctor's hospital The damage appeared to be like He was going to be a possibly drafted You know like high first whatever And make a lot of money and buy a house for his mom And it was a nice story And it looked like it was going to be tragic Because he got like just busted up his knee in a game Friday Looks really nasty It's not as serious as they thought it was going to be said Eugene pool McGay he's older half brother It wasn't reconstructed the knee So that's the good news Okay for all your hurricane people out there Everybody else too they want to see him like do good Anybody after want to see anybody do good? Not in this town Not in this town 5 6 7 0 5 60 Our pool what's the best FM station sound Florida And a reason I'm asking that is because I was trying desperately Friday And over the weekend to find a state Why do I keep doing it you know It's like I keep coming back here and expecting something to change It's not going to change the music's always going to suck The programmers are always going to be a bunch of butt plugs 284 votes I'll tell you once I have no votes WSDJ is at a spikstation I don't even know what it is WFLC the coast has got no votes Disney how do you like that? It's got zero It sucks That's my opinion I'm like Disney WAMR and WRME But each have no votes A lot of you will romance you and radio are more no votes I mean we got no spiceless thing Huh What about that's all about Hot Scott one CM though that's because yours has been on Hot Scott one CM Q and radio RITMO of got one WMIB men and black Scott the same one That's got to be peep bulger Sim on its head all morning RF3, Y 103, Love 4, LYF and PYM tied with six Amatch made in heaven Power 96 got seven kid curry Boy he was in here sucking around last week Man he just loves this show He loves me, loves George and he don't like George Power 7, EDR9 KISS 10, Zeta 12, Magis got 16 Ricky Tickey Not to make Rick Flippis cap I should have asked him when he called in if he ever washes that thing He in it's a part of him When I used to see him at the dolphin games when I had my season tickets You know and he used to sit a few rows in front of me He always turned around a way before the game He always had that cap on He always had that cap on He would have it you know seven different ones though Ah like most piece I didn't ask him if he has like a separate circus Cap Magic Scott 16, Big is got 19, LRN 25 And they all suck 160 which is more than all the other ones put together On you programmers out there, on you fakers On you make believe radio programmers The audience says on your music blows They wouldn't wish your music on Hitler Okay, and Sodom who's saying and Yamama Osama And even George W. They wouldn't wish your music on Sam we're going to get to the doctor full story Doctor Phil Nightmare may be a cripple I'm not going to let me forget that Anything negative about Doctor Phil we love on his show And I keep forgetting to set my speaker in my universal Tvo Whatever they call my direct TV thing I keep forgetting to set it for guiding light See now you can't set it so it'll take a while Like you're reading at the same time It'll take you two months but you'll remember Yeah Oh God to be able to pick up WVIB or whatever that is in Buffalo CBS And watch the guiding light of three o'clock I bet you're missing some pretty heavy duty traumatic stuff Although passions is that we ever have the wedding I guess today is the wedding The weddings Antonio and Luis and Beth and Beth's crazy mother Beth's crazy mother whatever her name is by the land passions is the best the character of any soap operain history Even better than poor little Timmy rest in peace What now when you give me a look you don't watch that show You know who now it's a funny show Okay, it's a soap opera that's a comedy Give me a few laughs and believe me when you live in this goddamn time You need a few laughs Oh jimpo what are we gonna do jimpo Did you hear that call? This guy I thought he was gonna reach you know how they do that phony surgery the Chinese I thought he was gonna like try to reach inside his body and the anchor is intestines up And just throw them all on a ground He was just so distraught because there are a couple because of one at that point only one football game Now after Friday night this guy's gotta be dead. He's gotta he's got it on the big slit From either that or maybe he had done dinner with Oji over the weekend don't you think maybe Oji out of bond with the Goldman's Don't I thought that was a very apt analogy him and mode trying to suck up by mentioning my name now Ain't gonna work mall, okay? You can promote this show 15 times a day ain't gonna work We already we already saw the color of your crap and here peace Fort Lauderdale hello Yes sir Yeah, this is Marvin calling I'd like to say a few words that I could have up my late friend of the micronerie I I learned the news sadly this morning. I knew Mike from those 30 years I just I just say that Mike was one of the kindest sweetest guys he was a real he was a real gentleman I never heard Mike ever got mouth anybody even after he got the Rob DO and I O day Yeah, and I already miss him and anybody who will will miss him too So Mike the next time I'm not to dip and I raise a glass of wine my friend but my toast is to you We'll all miss you. We love you. Thanks a lot, Marvin I will say one thing and I don't remember because we got a long grade, but there was I forgot what I was talking about one day I made some little dig about something he did on his show And the next morning I'm coming in and his question of the day is how do we make the meteorology show better? And it was a history I came in and I looked at him. We both laughed our ass off. It was great But that's a kind of a stuff he would do you know like good not but not mean and vicious not mean and vicious and malicious like some people that we know rhymes with mo Okay, malicious and hateful behind the scenes on the air hey, have a nice day and paradise everybody You know happy face in the public but behind the scenes ripping and stabbing and torturing and screwing over and effing like my good friend Roger who wanted my job Are you picking on Roger now sure what that's probably why he hasn't called him Because he's afraid to laugh to go through you first Now you don't want to run on how about Henry Burrell talk about that glider you'll notice him. He won't call he's doing burr any should be embarrassed he he up to a kill us guy He did he help to put the nalas call if I don't even know the details of his death. I don't care what anybody says Henry helped to kill the micro nary I mean wasn't it Mike that took Henry with him when he went over there to waxing they put that show together that fan to me they broke her the time bought the way back on the air went out and sold a spots All of that stuff And and then you know when they decided well maybe we're gonna do Henry goes to be hide his back with that Mark Benson would at anxious human excuse And they they like just sign a deal behind his back and take the show away from Which is why he had a wide-up being out on the beach again for a short period of time before why I'm not put cheap channel a faith worse than death That's why you want here from our fat friend Henry Burrell and let me tell you Henry when you get his old as you're getting believe you me. He's almost as old as Mo And you haven't been a fat tub all your life and all of a sudden you start ballooning up like when we saw him back in November. Wow You can start counting the days on one hand. I guess 567.0560 pound five 60 on a eight I still can't get over fat boys ass. I mean you know if if there's anything we ever play no If there's anything we need to pick your up on our website that will draw 8 8 billion instant hits if we could just have a picture of fat boys ass on our website And at the picture page although I don't know if we can get it all on there. Maybe we'll have to have like segments or you can scroll Your name's scroll from the right sheet of the left cheek You have never seen an ass Even Al goldstein pales into its significance a piker his ass is like a baby ass compared to Jeff high Al's whole body is like one of his cheeks. Oh my god That what do you think 150 pounds his ass alone no cuz he's 321 I got it out here. He got on the scale of some more the ass alone is got away 150 pounds Even skipy agrees he said I've never seen such an ass in all my life the only promise he was pointing at George when he said it Like yourself skipy you can be replaced okay easily and a lot of you got 50 guys like mad dog Oh, which is this 50 guys out on the street standing online We didn't take all those posh accounts you inherited from all those gimmies you inherited from Brian who was a good guy and a real sales guy Which we can't say for you skipy what was that all about what's he is given Raymond the tour Raymond the new sales person Oh, Raymond we got another new sales hole a Raymond get out before it's too late Raymond get out We told that to watch his name are good close personal friends Scott the shorts when that is name Scott shorts. What do you remember how is Laura? Hey Laura how you doing honey? Scott Laura shorts two good people See we work with some good people in this business. I'm not such a hard-hearted baston I just tell them like it is we've also worked with some assholes and if you're gonna be an asshole I'm gonna tell you you're an asshole. That's all You're good guy. We'll like peel over your leg and maybe even help you wipe it off Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello They're gonna. Oh, yes, sir speaking Oh my god long-tampsense. We've heard from you. Yeah, I call maybe once every two years. Just do Detroit All right WABX is still my favorite with Dave Dixon. How's the bowling coming? Oh great Actually my dad used I'm not of course in Fred Lumpj and your but my dad did use to ball with her and well When I knew him pretty well when I was a kid really That was pretty neat. I'll see Fred will feel used to be on WYZ right we could be all the way right right Yeah, definitely so yeah I was listening to you when you signed on this morning and I was wondering why you were paying playing the Reneary bet and I thought it had to be really good a really bad. Yes, bad unfortunately It was really bad and yeah, he's in the same league is Harry Kerry and Even early-high-well, just good guys. And right I put him in the same category with a Fred wolf or her boss ran or send a guy He's on for a very long time He was like a legend and institution people feel very comfortable listening to me with he was there all the time I mean he was like revolutionary or they but he was just a good guy. Yeah, yeah I'm not very not very pretty But I met early-high-well when he was down last summer with the Tigers playing the Marlins I've Dracked and down and you know, mad at them and all that and what a great guy You know, I mean it's just like talking to a friend. He actually started asking me stuff about me Like he was interested in what I'm doing and stuff and it was just what a great guy and There's not many of those left and you know the broadcasts these days. I know you're watching the football games Just and on Fox they have Jimmy and Danny and it's just it's so pitiful and these I see it they can't even speak English. Yeah, and it's all Jackson and oh yeah The gut is this pathetic routine that they go through and they're all grabbing ass and laughing and puke and then slap each other on a bucket It's just it's just really tragic You know exactly to crowd that they're catering to the same guys that call this radio station a sports nerds All right, it's disgusting. They're not professional. But yeah, there's a sales So anyway, I'm glad I really appreciate your what people give homage to Mike on the air He was one of a kind and And at least we're out here one thing at least we're getting a nice response to them that which is good because There've been many times over the years that somebody that we like or somebody been in the business long time is died And we talk about on here and nobody has anything to say which is sad. Well, they don't know from radio unfortunately They don't know from life for getting about radio. They don't know from life from humanity down here So once again, thanks for doing kind of an on-year wake for Oh Mikey and he will be mess. Okay, junior. You buddy. See you get the honey Here's a effect it says some of these Demikki's family also heard a bit of the sludge-coater lick-fest self-hating queen Alice Jr. Right you got your thumb on it Lastly, there was a fire in the area of West Hollywood and I Is that ice dairy? Oh, and I've seen her. Nothing. Do you know anything? No, far with do we know anything? Far was around 1115. No, are you kidding me but our vast news resources here in WQA Or the big news is that the final score was three to two We don't we don't know from news do we have a news work? No, whatever happened with that remember those days that the clearance was Hocken me that we're gonna get the AP news wire We're gonna then that always always falls through after the billboards. Oh, after those big billboards, right? Here's another facts Good thing he's not a suss-lucky whole reason the I'm reading these is to convey to the audience What it really means to be chronic and have no life and to be just sick sick On other facts Neil don't invite me to visit you with the pants is game around your world's liar with serious Your personal attack went too far you'll never have to see me again. Oh right I'm I'm it's amazing how one hello can stir up hostilities from 67 even eight years ago. Don't classify me with those other freaks Years ago. I contributed to your show. You're still play some of my cards Including Don Shula I like I got it. You don't remember there were good times user Is there were never any good times with you? There were good times on the show they had nothing to do with you. Yeah, there's a couple of cute things on there So what does that mean? Where the hell is that? Yeah, and then there's always the other one which is Shannon? I thought I'm a thing you said that hit. Oh now it's just but now it's all over Please don't make sure my name anymore. Okay, Greg And there are ends today. You'll never see or hear for me again And All right I know that makes you happy have a great life doing a radio show out of the country and you're smelly underwear Greg I don't do my show any underwear and they don't smell how do you like that? I'm not full of shmit like you are He's concerned about where but this is the same guy who had to track with tummy how great the show was sounded lately Okay, which mostly lately I've been doing it out of my country in the end my underwear that smell and Some smelly country Who are you fooling okay? This is a man who will never go away never never ever go away Compulsive his entire life revolves around this freaking sorry ass radio show God, he's the poster child for I have no life You ever did you ever meet him? Yeah, when you used to do appearances. Oh Matter of fact what was though the braward mall? I Think it was your birthday appearance or one of those Yeah, I am all appearance here. He showed up at one mm-hmm and you survived to tell him out of or he didn't talk to me Hey George though likes you Greg If actually I'd like to invite you down and have lunch with him to money fills in next time on next show right here in this country in this smelly country and You can even bring your smelly underwear Four minutes till noon at five sixty WK away. I'm on a great Monday man Yeah, I can feel it. I can smell it. Oh that's Greg's underwear. Sorry Do you have any idea the sexual experiment he's getting from my mentioning his name and talking about this and meeting the facts again See because if you really wanted to go away you wouldn't have said another facts. What ya fuck plug In fact every facts that you sent I'll read it on the ear. How do you like that? For the next four years every facts that you sent I'll read it on the ear in fact It's anyone that says I'm not gonna send you any more facts is Right It would be like if your mother said I'm never coming back for dinner again until the next time until the next time Like if I told my mother I've never come into lunch again Is matter fact and if I catch her putting that paprika and black pepper on those Ground brown burgers again, man. I'm gonna tell you something the schmits gonna hit the fan or the bowl What are the other Maybe maybe Jeff uses some of that at the loft you know some of that heavy duty paprika because boy it makes you smit your brains I mean the and the results are almost instantaneous if we have any old farce less than the audience who are like plugged up for last few weeks or months or years Just get some of those ground brown burgers in my mother's house. They will like set you free Saw Todd wreck this morning speaking of to loose ladrek Saw her in here this morning little Todd wreck about three feet tall three pounds of crap All right, I got a right here as a matter of fact in my hand. That's why I'm thinking about him Find I got a new piece of coffee. No worries. We got that's because they got this special seminar going on tomorrow Got this special scam. I mean seminar going on their fan stream That's the only reason we saw Todd wreck and he never did come back with the other copy that's supposed to start tomorrow never came back with it a man who can't and won't and don't those are his middle names Todd wreck and By the way, welcome to our sales department the tune who recluse is we got in here today. Who have an L.A. are one of where they got them from probably more of Todd Winick's reject No, to think I'll check his resume. Yeah, probably work somewhere a cheap channel or maybe they worked over there at next to Chuck some sauce center You know that nice little strip shopping center next door with the CVS. Oh, oh, that one really Yeah, probably in that convenience store there the crown liquor Yeah, yeah, yeah, the furt of your shop where they had that Jamaica and a store in a jerk chicken and jerk this Hey guys the new year is here if your new year's resolution is a high-pens computer career now is the time to act like right this moment Well almost Fast rain is holding a free clear seminar two Tuesday evening. That's tomorrow in case you haven't checked the calendar In Kendall Miami for the orbital and Pembroke Pines locations It's a free seminar call one eight six six fast rain to reserve your seat That's one eight six six fast train and make 2003 the year that you're in a high-pens computer job And pretty soon you can be just as proficient on your computer is Carlos and Eric If you're overworked underpader and some suckhold job This could be the most important 15 minutes of your life fast-rink and have you certified ready for your dream job And just foreshort months did you write out that stuff for me by the way about how I'm gonna unscrew my computer at home get what it? Well, yeah, instead of sitting there talking to him all day do something constructive. All right You got the other stuff done. That's good that I worked very hard to get all those very important stories and the book and all these things But now write down something useful for once you end up put down their ad aware again, okay? Like I said fast trains got convenient the evening weekend classes call 1 866 fast train to reserve your seat for tomorrow night For direction check out fast rain on their website at fast train.com My Stay Goldstein, but you can call me galzy whenever I'm in town. I listen to wait a minute. I am in town. It's the 12th of one hour And Goldster is a party girls blood party girls luck party girls What? And Goldster is a party girls luck party girls luck party girls luck I'm there back They are spread every stretch Is good That is what that is that that is that that is that That is that that is that That is that Hello, I'm a monster of the girl who wants to be a media home But first and on top quiver you want more Only ladies is what I'll give you she's got to put the beat about slander in nobody knows or about slander And out with the big soup pal then it won't do the left of main deluxe that you could christ you girl You want a stranger to a pontificate who she's hating political fun to pontificate and throw on the ball and masturbating a Republican skatey home She's a better realist in more making liberal dirty work, you know in a many-skirts show in Cameldo And Colton knows what they can be in a mini skirt that spells fishy She's a tall drink of water on the side of law and order with a back alley look if you like your broad dollar You got some money she'll spread those eggs with a cigarette and a shark's face and filter and filter A little contest and be a drunk Evangible So here's the fact that this condolences to my greener and his family. I think Lynn Samiel's who my love is the screener from his slug his radio show That is correct. He screens the call. Did you know that? No. Oh, yeah So I would imagine she was down to an IOD this past week when Miss sludge was filling in for us The Schmidt myster which I think is very appropriate. You know Mad bro And anyway the good news is we just got two I just got two emails from Lynn who says she is there She's listening and she would never get mad at me. How do you like that? See she's got a sense of humor I'd like to write wingers who wanted to take stuff out of context like kiss an eager good morning and condolences of like Who pretend they don't have a sense of humor, but that's because they want to stab me to back into story your life as you'll find out in that book. What's the name of the book? Blinded by the right by David Brock excellent book go on and get it. Okay, go on steal one also It says PS can you play into the learning spell with their now bits? This is Luna to spell with Donale. I'll be Donale Jackson and today we're gonna spell the words to European Spell it with me now European EURO E It's you In the sense so I said to the guy I say hey get away from my car European on the time this is Luna to fail with Donale Abby Donale Jackson Just drop it into the short why don't not we're here to make people happy That's it. That's our thing on the new year. Okay in case you were out of time We're not gonna be sitting here doing bedtime stories and pontificating and try to save the world from itself Can't do it entertainment. That's what people want like that one guy said put a little smirk on his face That's all that's the best we can do and we'll take the money right to the bank. Thank you. That's it Oh, yeah, but you're gonna replace rush. You're gonna be the right. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, rush this even Miss drugges on syndicated. How do you like them apples huh? Which I guess is proof that no matter how many markets you win. It's still a same crap. Oh And let's go. Let's go. I'll tell some liberals Anyway, here's now this is interesting and I'm gonna need your help here. It says Check out the translation of this flyer passed out in homes in highly and Miami board to pay a great deal by the cable and not to see anything. This is an ad for this TV And here's the other one. It says constantly figure out Muchio a Abarito They know very not a forl cable Covely Okay, would you still would say cable right? Copy cable. Sure. Oh, no borrowed word cable anyway. It says our TV TOR. What is TOR? Lay off phrase they total like who I came stood can't a fair a Mucho moss Okay, but we're not a bad reading for me because they but I usually do put the emphasis in the wrong places Well, I don't have a flow with it usually in addition to which when I get to word like oh phrase, I will say oh, fray. Because the sea is in Italian right and I can't tell you much better Gratis She's definitely TV porcelain Satellite why was the accent over the ease of the city Satelite satelite in Salcio on professional stand standar. I don't know what so why what does that mean? It says the same thing there is does here. I don't get it I don't get it. Why are you sending me this stuff right? It must be marked by sitting in screaming about people won't speak English and God damn it's taking wish what 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. We got a million votes on a pull here Carlos Pretty good response now that George is off here. I mean George just doesn't do good pull. He's got everybody listening. It just two things number one He doesn't do good pull number two. They don't like him. No, I would how can I get this damn mouse working boy? This is frosting my ass. We asked what's the best FM station in South Florida 347 votes. We didn't put this baby up till 10 o'clock Right Not too bad considering we're gonna have to work our way back. I would say it about too much. We'll get the audience back They all suck 200 WLRN32 and that's a long cry from 2302, you know it even though of course the other ones are dividing themselves up. I do understand that WBGG big 23. That's a joke. That's a joke if they took Howard off that station like I said before they could like flush it down the toilet It's a classic crock Zeta 18 and I what who are these people Zeta have you listened to them lately? I tried and not only that But I think technically they must have some kind of problems or something because they're like muffle. There's something wrong with their signal They were playing the same crap from two years ago and I popped it back. Oh just awful stuff Magic WMXA 17 I guess those are the foundations voting several times. Do me a butter cup Kiss 11 11 people like kiss country country and those pickers. All right. That's our crowd Power nine EDR nine party radio is only got seven Disney life six love full of five and from there. It's downhill. I'll tell you several Let's still have zero Radio uh WRMA has none A radio on more has none WFLC the coast still got a zero does they oh sucks. I'll actually let music isn't that bad If I was to have to rate them in order I would put the RMA first and the coast second of course. That's my taste in music I don't want to hear the crap. I mean I like classic rock tube, but I just don't play any here CMQ one or let XD date is never neither CMQ and RTO so we don't have any specialist in our George you chased all those fixer way while you're on We know any I mean certainly if we did they be voting for some of those Julio stations We don't have any Julio's listen to this show now No boy what is that all about No wonder no wonder our numbers are dropping like a rock not that we care anymore quite frankly We don't really care we want to just try to build up Mo Here's coral gables hello Hey Neil I'm pretty I'll show up over the death of Mike He really was a JP McCarthy of mine. He radio. Yeah, that's another good comparison right yeah. I mean It's really upsetting because there's no one left from that here of you know the bill called her The only one that would be left would be gone yesterday He's gone on to a bigger and worse thing that's right. He's the only one still alive big wealth in his gone and Bill and the mic right yeah And and Rick we were in sunny Hirsch That's right they were a big part of the station is that station was great That was a great radio station During the the 70s 80s and even the 90s when when you guys were on right with Rick and Sus Right, and then the minute that they sold it to Paxon that was the beginning of the end that was tragic that really won You guys haven't heard from Abraham Brown today, huh? I'm surprised no Or a or Bob Bob Green The man that fired when he was gonna call that would be like expecting Henry Burrow who stabbed him in the back to see when people screw people over and then the people of the school were died They have nothing to say yeah But thanks for doing this Neil he was a good man. He was a great guy. Okay. Thanks See that's good. Mike. We're in a past away case. You tuned in lady past away Friday after a beef illness the obits in a hero That's it. There's nothing else in there. I think I think this is it's tragic Don't you agree with me? Yeah, I mean, look at did you see the store look at the size of the story I knew a bit you were paid there's no picture there's no uh, you know, it's just a little a few paragraphs I mean it seems to me that almost 30 years on the year and the degree of success in popularity that I had should mirror it a little bit more than that And nothing in the sun Sentinel you know, I want to say it again Tom jica you can talk about me doing a show from Amsterdam from Moscow from the moon from Uranus. I'm always more in touch with what's going on here than you'll ever be Because you're in Lallalland or your whole brain is just is been taken over by network propaganda about this network show And that network show and another one. It's gonna be canceled in five minutes and that's it. That's what we read in the Sun Sentinel You know yesterday I go out get my Sunday news papers because I get them both I bring them in a house and one of the great things I enjoy like in Toronto I get the star and the sun every day and especially on Sunday The other ones don't print on Sunday and I read those papers. I can read him for two hours on a Sunday morning I can read the Harold and the Sun Sentinel in other words what's worth reading in 15 minutes on a Sunday There's nothing in there except you know the the big brand's mart ad section and 85 million other ads There's like 15 pounds of ads So somebody's making a lot of money. That's nice to see so if you're making all of that money How come you can't hire like a real a couple of journalists somebody would write like a real column. Huh? What's that gonna happen So sad 567 now wait a minute is this for real call from Chicago? Hello. Hey, yes, sir. Hi, how's it going? Okay? You know, I'm I'm looking at your survey It's amazing that you have that about the the radio stations Because I was noticing like when I go around different cities There's no station that'll play Something like the talking heads and then followed up with like Dave Matthew's band Dave Matthew's band Okay, the thing is that they you know There's somebody farting there by the way because it's seeping in here man. As well as no like bad game That's your sister's well here from the I think they're pumping it in probably your mole has them to do it go ahead sir Well, they um, you know like DC they have Q101 and San Francisco has Alice Yeah, you know where they'll they'll play new stuff and all stuff but in software Did they'll just play all Old crap never anything brand new though. Yeah. It's well. Yeah. It's kind of weird anyway I guess that was that was it. Okay. Well kissed the kiss the ground that you're there not here. Okay? And I hope your lips don't freeze to the side one five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty that's a good time Man Chicago Joe Castella got to go there See I don't want to start because it's already over with them. Sure. They had a wonderful time If he would have taken you needed to should cargo for example That would have been a great honey of the Vegas weddings are a tradition kind of thing No, they're not there are tradition for scumbags like you Not for like what do you care about big white weddings with the dresses and the tuxes and go into the church and paying them That's what they're doing on passions yeah And what that was the movie that I and I'm the enron thing last night That was the thing too because he was trying to keep up with the Jones as well all these executives in the company and so his fiance was getting She was a gas if I can say that because he was like getting the wedding consultant to come in and planning of a 200 guests Right, and all the stuff What do you mean by that? I'm not talking about the nature of the wedding itself Yeah, I'm talking about where you have it and you know, but you can't just fly to Chicago and get married Everyone knows the Vegas thing because you can get your license and get married five minutes later That's the way it works there everybody else you gotta well I don't understand They've been living together for what 15 years since they were like 10 years old. I'm never gonna mail order Vegas is set up for it as all those chapel. Let me ask you something How about if they would have gotten married here first and then they would have gone to Chicago Then they would have had to do the church thing. Let me sit again. They had no they would not have had to do that They could have done it. They could have got to go. They both have they could have gotten the blind priest from passions could have come in I don't remember I would have arranged it Here's Hollywood. Hello Yeah father no see my thing to call me a sir René her his true cookie me and Larry Besser always did wear cock rings on the air uh 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T. I think that was what I danced to its boyfriend You Get baby. When no no Riders it yeah duh right okay as part of your 480 hours community service we have you scheduled to work at this soup kitchen It's pretty easy we make the food and then give it to whoever wanders in so Do you want to do the serving? No, I don't touch my own food. I'm certainly not touching anyone else's okay How about cooking in the back? No, no way I'm allergic to seeing a steal How about washing dishes? Okay sure the soap has cocoa butter and whole butter right? No, Aloe Vera. No, I guess that means you can't help with the rest of the cleaning either, huh? No, I got you covered there just give me a minute to call Rosa she keeps my toilet so clean you can sit on them Yeah, great, but you see you have to do the community service yourself. Oh well, I do have a list of supplies we need How good are you at shopping? That's me Well, wait you need the credit card to pay. Don't worry. I'll take care of it This is great. 1218 at 560 WQAM. This is the best but before we get to that facts Now, this is our chronic radio nerd, you know the one you can recognize by the title of land of but at least this is worthwhile It says McMinerie was part of the golden age of Miami radio W. I would do during the 70s 80s 90s was the most entertaining radio station I've ever heard I grew up listening to them during the 70s when they were known as the big entertainers with McMinerie big Wilson Lary King and Bill Colter Lary King now on CNN is the only one still alive Believe it or not Larry and Bill Colter had a very funny show They did a say yeah, that's cuz Bill was funny. That's right They did a segment called man on the street. There was very funny radio the station was the voice of the dolphin since the inception of the team Rick weaver the original play by play man Would Larry King and later Hank Goldberg providing color They were also the longtime voice of the Miami hurricanes with sunny Hirsch and Tony Segretto and later Joe Zagaki And later Joe Zagaki Oh my Neil Rogers came to the station late 80s and brought the station to greatness once again McMinerie was Neil's lead in. Oh, yes those were the days Steve came to the afternoon drive Rick and Suds eventually replaced Steve came to win up to New York and failed miserably Rick and Suds eventually took over mornings and Phil Henry was brought in to do afternoon drive. Are you sure Rick and Suds Neo Rogers and Phil Henry provided some of the best radio ever heard Hear that I totally heard I knew his crap Neo Rogers Rick and Suds and Phil Henry provided some of the best radio ever heard not just like in his market not just between Such and such a date and such another date A few years in passenger communications ink bought the station and ran into the ground Packs and became clear channel on the station today is for the most part schlock radio And you are Much as indicated craft With Dr. Laura and flush and his right wing paranoia and then flush junior the Schmidt's yo the most appropriately named show in history With the misgrudge filling in every now and then with Lynn the screening the calls Too bad they didn't hang up on Ann Coda that would have been the best baby you would have done Lynn screening them calls should hung up on that bitch Now here comes the facts of the year. It's only January 6 You strapped in Now did not only moments ago we'd have facts that said this was my last facts ever Well we never heard from it again Neil nice tone of the show again tone underlined in big capital You start on calling me every name in the book attacking me personally and within an hour you're egging me on and taught me more In other words, you must still be listening Have your fun today because this is the end no more calls no more Facts is not one of these facts is that I contradict myself as far as how good your show has been lately. I still feel that way Do we care? No, I want to say is you're a prick You don't worry about my prick okay, and I won't worry about yours believe me. I always be a fan except now It'll be from afar by the way. I drive a four runner. What's it to you? He drives a four runner? You know why just have to say to that oh my oh my well was in there 5670560 pound 560 no matter we didn't have to say to what guy to rise a four runner is that How about her how come we haven't heard her under radio lately huh? All the great broadcasters that cheap channel is brought in I'll never forget that day after passion paid me off those seven months and I came back in fact No, wasn't a day that I nearly got killed over there on the turnpike and you came and picked me up to be the hospital Well, I skated up didn't you remember that of course? Yeah, no it was before that because I wasn't actually had my check See that was normal cat again being a really bad agent Making a arrangement where I had to go get up. I mean grand I was getting paid for nothing but why should I had a shut down there and you're like I killed that one day to pick up a paycheck like they couldn't mail it on time see they were good like the beesleys are they had an excuse all the time Oh, I want a pony got sick and it got lost in the storm What's the Omaha oh you know that check that muff personally mailed me a last year or I mean you're before that's never got Still hasn't got there yet. I wasn't that I had to make a new place So in any way now walk to the building to the Paxon building which it was no this and Fat boy I think was there and some of the other uh yeah, he was out there and they're all telling me oh my god Have you heard heard what passion the completely getting out already who sold it out out to cheap channel? That was the day Right down the street now who's down area? We got kissed down there in that building. Yeah Now why is that why is kiss in a building with IOD? Well, everybody was leaving that other building over there They had this building the other building the one that they're at the hand the company the beesleys But they were already into this long ass lease over here with this building Yeah So eventually so I hear oh So what you're telling me is that we could be working in that building that they're real nice big building Like a real man What is a police building with all the red? Okay, Greg would have turned it into a toilet no time at all anyway 567.0560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line Here's Miami. Hello hey a long time listener. I never call but I I also like Renario a lot and I thought it was exciting when you went over there the first time was used to beat up on On them and then when you got over there that first morning was fabulous to listen to a Renario and he was just a pure gentleman Yeah, and everything else and I don't know he was a he was a great guy so I like like called say that and keep doing what you're doing Okay, thanks too Yeah, another thing about Mike Boat that he had the the blue jacket that he used to wear and And Blue one break and also the red one and a blue jacket and red jacket and I'm not a sports jacket We're not talking about just you know a jacket a windbreaker and He would in fact a lot of days he would do it the show and the always doing with their jacket on typically yeah Usually and when it would get to be 10 o'clock he'd pack up his stuff and And then would be it Didn't hang around didn't cause a lot of trouble which is why you see here water clock comes. I'm out to do it with in two minutes tops I'd be out a lot faster except Miss Carlos author to front the she's always stopped me in three steps And that's Friday. She's telling me about oh, but I guess what I'm gonna go see tonight I said I can't even a man suit coatie coatie. He goes to see Susan. Loachie. I said what the hell is she gonna be doing? Oh Singing I said I'm glad she can do something because she sure can't act Man Carlos I want to tell you seriously if anybody in the world looks up the word Faggot in the dictionary They'll see your picture. What was just nothing wrong with him? I'm just saying you are the definitive Faggot. I mean between Tanny Fay and Susan Lucci and Joan Crawford And I'm sure Diana Ross Everybody I may get with it. Don't forget hello kitty. No, yeah hello kitty. What a pussy 560 560 That's what brawt used to say Here's Orlando hello. Oh Neil. Yes, sir. I'll just talk about what Neri this might be a little strange But you know everybody's saying that you know how what a terrific talent he wasn't every night They're not saying that they're a saint. He's a nice guy. Okay Well here's my God job to you. I mean I'm never calling him stuck around. I'll call her so much time Right answer. This is the show where suction is allowed Mike Ranieri can't hear people saying what an eye guy wasn't everything I've been listening to you for 12 years I'm up through him. I read you on the garbage the day you're gone. I mean Radio or four years man at least I think it's gonna be four years. I'm thinking more like two I think two years of being off But what you're gone? What are you doing? What do you know Georgia smile? Why are you smiling? You think I'm really gonna be here for more years six no Um And another thing that yeah real radio that you played about two years ago are two years two months ago You know the archives You were talking about flush one limbo all want to go Yeah I don't listen to him. No, no ever I'm not when he chased his name no he's on there KQV Pittsburgh really goes by the name Jeff Christie 1971 Okay, I wanted to call you and let you in on that thanks for the bad news. Okay, listen have a great week. You do nails you You're actually thinking we're gonna be here. We in other four years See you're just you take you and I'm going and that's that's a very interesting question Maybe we'll do that as a pull tomorrow. What's George gonna do when he'll retire in the couple years? I'm gonna work on that Afghani pipeline. Oh, I'm serious. What are you gonna do? I've been thinking about that. I never bring it up because I'm afraid to say anything because I don't know what kind of delusions of grandeur You've got or maybe at that point you just dump the family and take off. Yeah To be a good excuse anyway. We'll do the mountains There you go. You got that place. It's all paid for up there, right right North Carolina be it tobacco farmer With a big trauma your mouth all the time. That's on you Five six see he's making a joke out of it. I'm trying to like be a little bit concerned a little bit human here I don't I don't know you think that they're gonna put you on the air here that these people know But somebody will I reckon there are people that are hacks that don't get the kind of numbers that I get even with the tapes Well, the numbers that you've got on this show. Yeah, see Now you start a sound a little like the bird, you know the numbers that you get on this show You think for example like if you were on W we don't have any like on the light bulb What happened or no, sirs they look what happened to reckon suds I know Me and Boca Brian will love put some tape out there and you know we'll do something I think what is this what? Why did somebody facts me this? comments Lisa here is my article. I told you about why am I getting this is this the wrong number? Nobody fed and trim it huh? Mr. The facts it's a wrong number. I so no, you know what what is it? Those a lot. What is it a fake advertise? Oh, it's another add another facts add man. Why hate those? Oh, what? What's in add and messing up my fast machine. I hate that 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon worldless line. It's in a year I know what a lot of you are thinking how did I gain all this way? How did I get so goddamn fat? Well, don't despair because with the atkins low carb diet those pounds can be gone before you can say the lights of West Boca before you can say pity Lenny is a douchebag You like to watch Boca a mega store for the atkins or by the way and if Len is still listening asshole I'll see I said pity Lenny so asshole. She loves that when I say that And she also says I have a dirty mind. I think it about Shiva. I never thought that you were doing anything with Miss Grudge, okay? Maybe they're doing a lesbian thing The lights of West Boca is a mega store for the atkins that are any low carb sugar free diet. It's the place to shop See now she's gonna think that I'm saying that she's a lesbian. I don't I don't know what she is And it's her business what I'm trying to say is they have a over 600 delicious low carb food products like their new control Carb chocolate brownies and four scrumptious flavors and only one and a half carbs So whether it's carbohydrate ice cream breads hips muffins cookies cheese cakes pasta sauces the lights of West Boca is the place Roger atkins needs and don't forget it to lights you can always try it before you buy it You know it's pop a little in your posts. They have an eligible staff They really know they're crap. They're open every day seven days a week ten to ten and they carry the most complete line of Actions brand products that always 25% off all day every day of your life So by now you've heard the reports read the studies that read atkins one of the most popular and the effect of diets in the world So to the smart thing head for the number one low carb sugar free store in the universe the lights of West Boca on the northeast corner of glazed in 441 next to Boston market or call 1877 low carb around the web at low carb dot com don't forget there's only one Delights of West Boca your official Actions retail center Too much you're in trouble Outside continues the first one was great the second one was Okay three four five basically bit the balloony, but now pushing 60 so Vestus alone the Italian stallion comes off of Dallas is front other battle. It's Rocky six I go and put the one the more my musculos is all Attrofied up pretty good rocky six Hey, Paul a follows dad What really make is that true? I'm gay rock don't let that lift in risk commercial fully Iraq I never saw that looked in risk commercial you're in it rock Adrian dead rock oh shit. I seen her in that godfather movie on Bravo how many years ago was that rock? Oh, I guess it was a couple. I'm thrown in the white towel rock. I thought she was dead. I'm clay machine I'm a hero Rocky six now bow against strong thermon Well, but he's like 100 so I you rock Why do you keep talking if you're dead, make rocky six because he needs the money Absolutely 233 at five 60 wqm 560 50560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line Here's a call from Viro B. Chill out Oh line tri five hello Hey, Neil yes, sir A long time like decades long listener first time caller I just moved up the Viro B before the holidays and I was feeling good get mad at South Florida I was down our all my life and finally got out and Turn you on this morning and you know here the bad news about the Mike and It's almost feels like part of my childhood is God because I listen to him for so many years to you and him and so many others and it's just Yeah, it's gonna be I'm gonna be lost without you Okay, and And thanks for calling okay, I'm here. I mean was I supposed to follow after the end or him 567 560 we got one call on the board nets. We got 25 minutes to go here to the mandolga. I think what we'll do is leave early a day Okay, what you think I think that's a good idea We're I mean we're done looks like the audience is done. I think we took care of pretty much everything We need to take care of you know, I was just telling George it like a real news paper on their website They add on breaking news or stories that they didn't have in time for the morning Edition, they didn't find out about in time and so like you go to their website and they'll have some updated stories So I go to the Sun Sentinel website during the break and I noticed there is one this is breaking story Which whatever it is. There's still nothing there about when you're dying 567 056 the pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless line Here's Miami. Hello Okay, yeah, but listen to you my whole life, man. I would never want to see you leave but uh if you can't see it About six months But if you think George that that anti-Semitic drug addict is gonna take over. Okay, okay, obviously isn't that who that was? Guaranteed 560 and I didn't say he was gonna take over for me, but we're not interested in assholes like you. Okay, not interested professionals use like use Here's a call from derail hello. Oh, got both up Miami. Hello Miami Yeah, yeah, you're how you doing okay. Hey, who died, man? Mike winnerie Who's he exactly? 567 056 the piths asshole half-hearted realize that the asshole hour We're off to an excellent start Here's a lady in bokeh. Hello hi, Neil. I did not be in the stellar moment. Well, the asshole hour. What can I tell you? Anyway, my craniery gosh. I listen to him for a long time at WIO day and One of the best time. I mean, I just I love him, but what the best time was when I He actually I won skybox tickets from him to go see the green bag a him and it was just the best time in my life And I'm really sad to hear these passed on Okay, thanks for calling. Bye. See you Well, there's a nice lady. We haven't had too many ladies. How to show today. Have we had any ladies? No, couple not much The usual same stuff, but the thing that's alarming is taking a look at that pool with the Hulu stations We have no Huluos anymore. Maybe all of our Huluos listen to a power. I don't think so This is only nine. They got nine votes Look at that radio rawn see has got none a Amar has got one. I don't think they know one from the other one anyway Now we got no specs anymore. I think George drove them all away with better start working real hard Maybe if I read that add there from Direct TV or whatever once maybe the people that listen to those days Actually listening to those stations No, but the question is what's the best FM station in South Florida? We have plenty of people listen to the show who don't listen to the sports segments or who I mean do you listen to the same Station all the time? No in this town no God forbid Here's Lantern. Hello Yeah, you ever watch game show what my line. Yes Okay, I'm a mystery caller I want to say if you get gas to this Yeah, it's Reverend Jones go get lost get a life 567. Oh 560 560 on the AT&T line here's plantation hello Yes, sir. Okay I'm sorry I'm cracking up for that Reverend Jones even though he's idiot he is very funny when he calls Because he's just a moron. I Don't want to let you ask if you were listening to Mike like in the last couple we have you heard him of all or No, I mean he sounded bad the last I wanted to call when everybody was calling last time Saying he sounded drunk on the air. Oh But I Same that he died. Well, doesn't that make you feel bad though now we're calling and saying that We all yeah, sorry. Then make you feel like crap. No, I mean I like them. I just you know He really did sound You know I understand what you're saying. I don't know whether you had a stroke or what to deal with there at the end But does that make you feel like useless and like a real scumbag having called and said that? I don't I'm not trying to make you feel any worse, but Yeah, all right, I get you Okay, I'll see you in the roof of Pompano Park Here's the call from Fort Lauderdale hello Hello Neil I was listening your show and I've been listening to Mike Reinerie for many many years I was wondering if you would just certainly know there used to be a lady on on the radio with Mike Reinerie named Candice Yeah, was apparently I got the impression there were very good friends. I just wanted to if you'd heard anything from her I'm heard I got no idea if he's ran off and her pickup truck with and Bishop's body is what we heard Well, good. I don't know you anymore. That's all I can tell you She wasn't one of my favorite people She was not no and it did in addition of which now that you mentioned her name other than Mike she didn't have any friends inside that building Me she was another one that put on a real good ear on on the radio, you know like goody two shoes and inside the building may hit it or like poison Well, that's interesting Well, thank you very much, okay, and have a great day. Thank you five six seven oh five sixty How five sixty on the AT&T is that to go with that Hawaiian shirt the dick five bergaming yeah Here's South Miami. Hello Hey Neil kind of devastated by the news about Mike Reinerie was like a very reassuring voice in the morning You know the old timer is it now seem to be kind of just fading and pretty often I hope you've been away from those white hearts and I hope you stick around for a long time Yeah, well, that was George is doing on Friday. He ought to be horse whip for that. I didn't look ready food This is the game that he plays while I brought some soup, but I'm hungry. He always like leaves the opening for me Do you know it's like people that bring candy into the house and leave it around like setting a trap for a rat Like it's like trying to find Christina Aguilar and putting a piece of cheese at the door, you know All right, you know have a great day pal. See you paly five six seven oh five sixty pound five six the on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Here's Western hello Let's try a okay show be hello What a phone connection yes, sir. Yeah We're in there Locking my closet back in the kilo in 1963 on wiser without there Yeah, the B.I.X. Why and spoke to him a couple times and we reminisced about the old days when he was on a radio and And sure like to be was a great guy and we drink them just some okay. Thanks for Carl pal. Thanks very much 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T line the best FM station South Florida. They all suck 228 W.L. R. N. 37 Zeta 25 big 24 magic 21 kind of slide now. I guess the build me a buttercup people are kind of we ran out of them Kisses still got 11 power 10 EDRB have in 10 party radio's got eight Mike Eight votes for the big party radio life is got eight love seven in and from there. It's like single digits Let's see the ones that still have no votes aren't you shocked that there's still ones that have like we got four to two votes Only two of them and they're both fixed stations radio Romance yeah W R M A and W X D J both have the big oh at this point 18 to one Jim managed to run a clock Oh Box you said a Really like your fuck you Whoa Box you Oh Really like your We really like the fuck you're a fine looking fascist and the perfect little Nazi I want to filter coffee through your soil panties Nistarting use looking slugers sweet incorporation Laying your lips like I cut your roast me Box dude Sarah to Fuck you Fuck these Really like to Fuck you Will nothing You think about your handle semua You want a does ya My turn You really got me! You're a fantastic man! The little pigs froze, but they'd read your books I'm fed in taste like bubble gum See you next time you need a story Done since it takes a simple role to make you come I'm snooze at the ho-ho! She'd really like to f**k you! Okay! I'm snooze at the ho-ho! We'd be crazy like your f**k you! They're going to be suicidal Swing a mad dog is barking the ordinary cart there By the way, put the recorder in the slot on the way up Or is it going to be... I like wise. I don't know when they're going to play I'll play it when he feels good and ready to play I'm loaning that out to our good, close personal friend The mad dog who's, you know, at least we can do From the try to bring him back He looks a little bit better today Last week he was really down from last Sunday's game That often lost the choke job And of course Friday night, at course he went to Michigan And they, you know, they won their games So he's not going to take the U.M. game seriously As he might claim he won't 5-6-7-0-5-60-pound 5-60 on a AT&T line Fort Lauderdale, hello I'm doing good Hey, just a couple of ordinary memories When I was a kid growing up He used to answer the phone called We're in an arrogant morning And it just brought back some memories And then the other one was his restaurant Down in South Dave, we used to go there as a family and he'd a lot Oh yeah, right Yeah, so we forgot about that Yeah, Mike was a good guy, as a kid growing up He was, when he was in the restaurant, we were there He would always come over and say hello And he was a good guy and, uh, in closing We're looking at George, uh, whatever station he's on Whatever he comes on There you go, there's a, there's a vote for a George Thanks a lot Neil And thank you, George says Good morning, regards to Broadway See, there's a start, you got to start with one That's what we do on this station Of course, we're waiting for them billboards And the beastly people, that's coming That's what Greg says, it's coming That's what screw-in said 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T And Verizon line Yeah, man, it's just a little bit better day Freight boy, he looked Thursday and Friday Well, like hell boiled over From that dolphin loss Seriously, he came in here last Thursday And he looked during the break We're, you know, bonding a little bit And he realized why did dolphins choke And how they fell apart and lost that game And of course, I'm a sitting here with my Tom Brady picture Am I, uh, I'm my thing here Am I thing? Here's a lady from somewhere Is this Palm Beach, I'm head of law Here's a Palm Beach, hello Hey Neil, I don't Okay sir, one time listener haven't called you in a long time And I wanted to throw my two cents in on the, on my camera radio station This is a cake of my computer for a while Okay, I like NPR Aside from you and the Panther broadcast radio that here's the pitch Okay I like NPR because they played jazz at night There you go If the only station up please jazz you got elevator music on the roof And uh, just look at that You know, okay, thanks Okay, thanks Okay, thanks Everything's things, folks, okay Can you smell it Here's a call from Jupiter, hello I don't get it man, and near jazz, the two games away from the Super Bowl You guys are talking a bunch of crap Good, excellent Because we know care about the jazz or the Super Bowl on this show How do you like that? Go and, in fact, go to Columbus You can hang out with those kids, maybe they'll let you in their dorm But I doubt it You sound like a pervert to me 560, 50560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line Here's Miami, hello Yes sir I've lived in Miami since I was 14, I'm 48 now I'm so sorry I'm so sorry Yeah, I pray for me But I'm hearing about Mike, I was just a reminiscing What I've been doing all morning is Think about some of the really good things about this town And the area that have passed That Mike kids are never going to see or hear It's kind of sad So just sadness Is it true what you were saying about Henry Barrow and what he did to Mike? Yes You probably won't play it, but I'm going to all this close by saying that It's going to take probably forever for that taste and smell to get out of his mouth Okay How do you say it's like? Why don't I play that You know the one he's talking about? Yep, where Henry says Thanks forever To get that taste and smell How do you system? Yeah That's from Mark Benson said too Now maybe the smell was in another language 567, 0560 Oh listen he was like only a shade away from Amy's shafre As far as his psychosis and also enus the penis Shara All these good names are coming back to me now From those citizens of day to night of days Although I don't know why I'm picking on them now Because all of our sticks they've all disappeared Nice going George Whatever you do you get your next show Don't get it on a spik station Okay Here's for the tearsport waterdale hello You know he was fairly entertaining You know like for Nary on the radio But shouldn't you really call it the steam and whizzle With all sense there because you know another mouth see the dead Was there a more anti-Semitic? Oh brother What is this man talking about? 567 You know some of you people are so sick that it's just amazing to me that you can get out of bed in the morning I look at the mirror Maybe they just maybe they shave blind Maybe they don't shave Maybe they have somebody shaved them Here's Miramar hello Theo Let's see about this micro-nary And you've mentioned me at a red drop down in Miami Is this the same one that had one there and Hollywood on the corner of Hollywood But that was really weird There was renewios wasn't the same thing Oh okay In fact that that was that was the guy who started the vocaburg thing Had that renewios remember what his name was Oh okay Okay, I was just wondering because I used to go there a whole lot to eat Is that place gone? Oh no it's still there Okay, thanks What was his name? You remember the guy with a vocaburgers chef Chorts What ever he was Wow You know what I'm talking about Yeah, he came by he's doing films now he gave me his card Really? What are these appearances? I like that So there you go folks I'm gonna put the vocaburgers on the map chef for now Very good He was a good guy And boy that I tell you we really made that vocaburger thing Where's my checkin off the vocaburger people would send me a check? Couple million Bigel bites Ben and Jerry's Fish food You know if each of these organizations would send me what I have come and you know look how half a million here a couple of million there I Just let George take over the show tomorrow's okay here you go baby hand in the keys over to you Now you think they might change a lot by Wednesday Here's Pembroke pine Hello What's that boy again? Here's plantation hello Uncle Neil Yes sir Was that did the sunset no advertising Did they advertise it? You mean did they announce it? I'm sorry I know No they did not Not even today No Did bounce a smith cap the bounce a checkin? No All right have a go Okay, no I like I said I checked and maybe I missed it if I missed it I apologize profusely But we got too many people listen to the show and if they wouldn't had it in there over the weekend Certainly they don't have it today because I got my son's in my way space get here right now And I scoured it from cover to cover from pillow to post Maybe it's on the uh I don't know I don't know I doubt it Maybe it's on the inside front page You know that sometimes on page two they have things like that Let me take a look because I don't want to be ripping them and asked then fight out that it was in there And I don't look more stupid than I usually do I don't see it I see Carl Gustaf The Swedish king I see George Clooney which quite frankly if I see him again it will be too soon I see criminal parker bulls and prince Charles with that ugly obnoxious pussy his I don't see nothing about Mikey There's time jica Really on top of things baby you're really doing it not Here's a call from I am you, huh? Eel yes sir I just wanted to tell you that I worked with both you and Mikey many many many years ago Uh and uh I will never forget I was also with the grand pray And I had the pleasure of having Mike on a On a page car ride that was so bad he almost pooped his pants The guy was incredible He really understood with what cool radio was all about and they can be happy in the morning Yeah, and I'm really going to miss him and thanks for studying on the air yourself kid Okay, thanks a lot. Bye. Speaking of that, you know, I the first time I ever met Mike Reniri I was working at WKAT and he was an IOD So I was like in the little leagues to say I just come to the market and we both had The same sponsors some kind of a carpeting company something like that And who I don't know how it worked out but the agency arranged for us both to be there to meet with the company at the same time And here I'm working at KAT and he was at IOD and he was just as nice to me as if we were on the same radio station How do you like that? Which is quite quite different when you consider the fact that I'm working on the same radio station with certain other people I don't want to mention any names or singular name See the difference? Oh, yeah when you're supposed to be part of a team With psychotic neurotic people with bad barricost veins and crappy wigs that keep falling off the one side That's what mad dog said during the game last Sunday that it like completely fell off That's what he just told me you hear that what he said Drop right on the floor. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey. How you doing? Okay. Hey listen can you play a request or maybe possible? Uh, my old grandfather he's 90 years 90 years old. I don't know me Oh, he wanted to hear Sitting on a bus a what was sitting on a bench and Del Rey. It's been so long since you played that forgot the name of it Yeah, it's been so long since I played it. It's been a long time. I sound like it's playing now Okay, I love you. I love you. That's a step on a bed. Get out of here. My wife took their card at a wall. She drives my view again. She's free feet tall I wouldn't write what's gone no way I said I needed a lady a day So I'm just sitting on a bench and Del Rey Waiting for the Harley-Best you take me away Or I'm just sitting on a bench and Del Rey with my friend Hime My wife is tired. You can't hide change. First of all, I'm scared. Don't always stay the same All that good or do again, I tell you I need to do The time at her age she must be in pain Just sitting here resting my bones When rearing why my wife won't leave me alone We've dealt it over and I never win I just lined up slipping through the morning again I'm so I should have spent your day waiting for the Harley-Best you take me away Or I'm just sitting on a bench and Del Rey with my friend Hime You never lose to a damn time at the weight of your pain and the stress of your pain I'm just thinking about it because when man is came in I loaned him that cart with the René Réo theme on it Most of us on his station and in fact especially when Defoe was here in the morning before we got what we got now Almost all of us worked at I would eat together You're truly in hang and mad dog and Defoe Kimbo Kimbo there you go anybody else did you say josey and of course Yeah him too shocking and amazing Here's a call from Miami hello Miami Buenos dias Hello yes sir I think I know we're on your billboards are you need to hire a depot they can see that silver stuff on 995 Yeah we know that he said for a long time Let's hire a depot's agent Release give the hold of some of his friends with the Indians that might do it But we got to big billboard campaign this month isn't that what we heard that what they told us Uh-huh and as I told Norma Kent yesterday I'll believe it when I see it when I see the very first one I don't want to hear about it. I don't want to see pictures of it. I want to see with my own eye Okay, I want to lay my eye right on it like Colombo and spy it for myself But that's the way it is here at QAM they talk a good game and they lie and they lie and they promise and they lie But you know something checks do clear sometimes it's a little bit of a hassle getting them but once you rest a lot of their hands But the good news is Clarence said he and the beast had a really good time out there together in the Novagus right where it now And there was on Tempe he said they took a good tempi together He said he's not really sure what he hit but he said it was like somewhere in the folds When they were like doing their thing he said not exactly sure where he buried it but we're like somewhere in a fold somewhere Anyway, the mad dog Jim mad is coming up next we got the hump or back from vacation from shoelas at three the big old at all seven Eddie K. At ten and Joe and Mark back from their honeymoon together at the two to six in a morning Bye bye I'm five six in the new QA and my name is for larga Where's the ladies room?