Not to you and anyway, here's the fact that this is a you and we apologize profusely because we're apologizing to people that can't hear us Let's shout it out now talk a lot like the beast Seriously this morning he was like pinning the needles in here. He was screaming so loud He must have went into beanie boy and away into the building We apologize because our internet feed is down. Oh, how unusual canovel. Yeah Remember what her show used to be on canovel. She was on right after Kay Valard But no, it's just another piece of crack because from a technical standpoint We're just over to limits last night. They had 75 ball games going on all at the same time on 125 different radio stations There were people bouncing off the walls in here that they were so psychotic trying to get all this stuff on here. Are we back up? Should be Don't know what he mean does that yes, and you say should I said should be back up? That's what he quote. Oh, should be back up Well, no, no, what does that mean in the future or like now? No I'll find out really quickly Oh, what a place what a place this is called spreading yourself to a thin and then of course on top of that after broadcasting 50,000 different ball games that nobody gives a crap about against a bunch of girl schools and exhibition games And a Marlon zoos and their 500th in a row Then we got the forldo and a show from the Bahamas which he can't hear us and we can't hear him and he's talking language It nobody understands which is fine What is it all about what the hell we're back up now? Let's hear it The feet is back up So you people that are facts in me here and I got the one from Alan and Alexander I got one here from Jim and get your internet feed. Okay. We got it going But thanks for learning us because otherwise what though would we know would we know no? Am I right? Absolutely. Thank you don't forget cadbury dark chocolate for those people listening on a web Hey listen, it's important to a lot of people out there There are people believe it or not around the world who listen to this show on internet This is their life Which is pretty goddamn sad but nevertheless like these markets that have nothing in them He's like when did see yeah, I've been there not no mole Anyway, cadbury dark chocolate. That's the cats meow. That's where it's that by the way They got that mention they caught a rat tonight. Am I anic? I don't know if you mentioned it on the area But then there was another one crawling around yesterday and John said it sounded like the trap like that. I would just snap But then he said after that he heard some now see I don't really know how those work now You would know since you're an outdoorsy kind of backwards Yahoo, that's me. Yeah Now it must trap signal because my sir like little in the must grab it snap and that's it. That's my bike But it like our rat trap or a cool trap or something like that while that The rat traps just bigger it's not some just as Some of the words are like dating immediately when you're a Sam's what you know a few seconds He said it sounded like it was crawling around or something like that. They they they do some death things They look the death things. Yeah, they they ride and kick and Well, I'll be damned. That's bad. No, see that makes me feel well. I wouldn't know if it was a little mouse who would make you feel bad When I lived in How Indiana many years ago when I worked in stir just Michigan the WSDR stir just Michigan what a place? Hey, they had a place there. We used to go to lunch here. We either had the best guy named Clans Chouter in the Midwest I used to for lunch when I was two big bowls of Clans Chouter that'd be my lunch nothing else No, I'm afraid just the child could bathe it. It's great. Oh, man. I do love that stuff I can't remember the name of the restaurant and of course in stir just Michigan But anyway, so I lived right across right down a Hershey highway because stir just is right in southern Michigan by the Indiana border And I lived in this little tiny town called how in Indiana Okay right down a street from Dell Putschers farm Dell Putscher was a harness driver that got kicked out of every track in North America, but at any rate What's huh? Nice Well, you don't really wrap me when I'm talking about Dell Putscher. This is important stuff So anyway one day and I had actually I was thinking about this yesterday. I'm wondering how much rent did I pick as I rented a house? And I guess I don't know. Maybe it was a hundred bucks a month or something like that because back in those days How much was I making a hundred and a quarter of a month a week or something not much you're really there? Yeah, not necessarily this is 1960 6 I'm thinking yeah, so Anyway, I'm out there in the country. I got a nice big old house that I'm written and When the kitchen one day and I look up on the cupboard and sitting there. It looked like a scene from a Walt Disney movie Sitting on the cupboard looking me right in the eye. There's a little mouse cute little mouse. Yeah, nasty creature kill it So I got a broom and actually I was trying to kill a damn thing and If they run like hell, yeah, somehow I got it out of the house. It's just the whole dance Hold it's little and no, but it's just like I don't know me sit there and look at it and look back at your muscles Very innocuous creature as opposed to a rat which is a nasty Gross thing they're all bad. And let me sit again. No, it might aren't bad kill them all They're all nice. I say kill all but don't you feel bad to kill a little mouse You're the faster are you kidding? There's a Bit of a plotting prince William for spearing that bandy over there in Ever it was a dip when they turned him into a spirit chakra in Africa. That was bad it was a dip and the British people are almost as upset about that Is there about Tony Blair? Yeah, that was bad because that was just a little Little deer a beautiful deer and of course this does Prince William need a goddamn deer wasn't a deer Bastard like it was like a little what do they call those dick dicks? I think they're a dick that he's spirit a dick dick. Yes Maybe he had some spotted dick for lunch. It's a small two-horse and for supper. Maybe he had well And anyway, they're pretty the your worlds are very embarrassed about that whole No, no, they're not a little thing Into the fox hunting too, you know going to the hounds and a whole deal the brits are just they're a bunch of barbarians You know they've butchered up the whole goddamn world just like it said there in wasn't that in bullying for colabine I think where they talked about the material is it right yeah and About the Chinese and about the Germans and effecters so few a little violence in Germany now and it has nothing to do with their history Obviously got a war for president man. I'm yeah Hillary's maybe you're running and I got this big article here about general Wesley Clark all I will say this Wesley Clark was so damn good I meet depressed, you know it Remember that idiot meet the press. Yeah, meet the press with Tim Russell and if you're good on me to press Cadbury dark chocolate that's where to go folks if you're looking for your dark chocolate to lower your blood pressure a little bit and just don't overdo it I wish I would have I'll don't let me forget So if I'll look at the label then I'll write it down in the next week. I'll be sure and making it several times on a year What's the result yesterday's pool please? We're gonna take a lot of calls today. We might actually go all the way to two I think we need to like lead this radio station out of the summer doldrums and like like you know what I mean? Maybe we'll go all the way to two instead of that one or two. I doubt it very seriously. All right Well, I mean it's it's a premature evaluation it's only 10 23 I haven't even taken there. I haven't even said hello where two busy getting our technical incompetent strain out of getting up on the internet again Yeah, hello But here's how all the way you go all the way. Okay, maybe the beast is desperate turns is out today. You go all the way To come and tell him to pipe it down a little bit. Oh, no, no, she that kid just screams louder and louder and He's in a room there all I walked in there because for else, you know on remote and he's sitting in there with the mic And it's like he's screaming at it like he's angry at the microphone He's screaming at it louder and what is wrong with that kid? That people normally like the tarjiff at least. Yeah, that's that's a good point That's an excellent point. Maybe you got whipped up when you heard Moe make that asshole calling and making ass of himself on the adjoin march over night Can you imagine yourself calling a show? I'm out for you to listen anyway because it's a sports station Either way, even that I'll do I never call this I mean can you imagine yourself calling a show on a station when you work here? I called once when I was homesick because it was you were asking a question in the whoever was sitting right it No, I'm not all the answer to that was it, but I mean can you imagine picking up the next line and it's our from Boker It's embarrassing surreal by the way was nice. Yeah, Joe Rose yesterday We had an ice a meeting greeting hallways and he hates a mole like poison He didn't really say that but he knows you could tell about all that in the space that he just hates him We got Joe again today the little dog Joe roses on again another tough week for the mad dog He's coming back from no all-eans, you know From the agreement lizards and a purple people leaders and the espotted dick. He's coming back from all those things And of course Mo could work this morning. How is it that the beast could make it in here if Mo was at the airport at 342 and his in his Jew canoe on a way back up to Boko he could have driven right in here and done the show Right without his beauty sleep without his booty on His beauty rest well, maybe had to go home and tie one on and Try to paste it down a little bit better. He's the only top show hold the male top show host. I know it wears a pasty He actually has to paste that baby on it from all reports in here on Wednesday It was the most embarrassing scene. They're still talking about it I can't talk about pasty everybody in the building is talking about how that thing was like Tilting off the one side of the look like a musk right try to run off his head look like was trying to run away from home So anyway Wesley Clark it looks like this is when now this is interesting Wait till you're this you might even be an interest to business from the guardian so might be true In one recent poll, General Clark won only 5% support because he's not he's not really running yet But when the Zagbe a poll presented would be voters with a short description of the General's career He beat George W 49 to 40% and he's not even running yet Right, how do you like that? And he was damn good on me to press with him. Russia. That's why I heard from that chronic color and he's been very critical about this whole thing and how is it going down and by the way We had another US soldier kill this morning and they had that another bomb blast in a job and killed a bunch of guys all named Mohamed I'll hockey my short. Oh, it'll care about that Well, I'm just telling you right while we don't care about that because what's going on now is these bombings and terrorist acts Which weren't taking place in Iraq prior to our attack they weren't no they were not Nor were we were in any danger from any of these Iraqis at that point in spite of his ridiculous facts Which I'll read it just as a joke that started by morning and here this morning some disgruntled a professional Jew or something out there Some schmata hugger Anyway, we'll get to yesterday's poor result. We got a pretty interesting pool. I think today or if not too bad But at least we're back on the net man. We got the audio. Oh, thank goodness. It's a and see leave it to our audience there. The only ones who let us know what's going on These assholes in this building they're busy sitting around and well, why don't we got to know about those dolphin tickets So what do we got to do about the marlins if they make them play on? Yeah, how much of caca? You know How about those marlins? Man, I watched a little bit of that. I watched the hurricanes beat a bunch of little girls last night And well, what's the point? You know what I said to myself finally after watching a few minutes? What did you say to you? I said it out loud in the room nobody was in there. I said What am I watching this for and I picked up the remote and I was No, no, I said, what am I doing why am I watching this crap? I said it out loud Where you could have heard it down the block. I said Yeah, how allowed I said it bill we still know what his name was doing That our allow it a little. Ha, I wanted to be with a T bill Tag, tag bill, tap grams with direct very good See that that letterboard, so much have been telling you about who's with a B? Who's with an L, maybe it's Laminates Arusp? I know you've been hearing me talk about Laminates Arusp for a long time and how Laminated would floring from Laminates Arusp is the smart, the easy, the low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring, and you know what it is. And by the way, I'll go to 2 if I want to go to 2 and you butt out, you idiot? You pansy? Laminates Arusp is the best place to find Laminated wood flooring from Pirrador, Pergo, Wilson Art, Uniflor and Quitstep. They've got all the top names all installed by Pergo certified installers. Here's another really great reason why ought to be called Laminates Arusp. Their prices are so low that it'll probably flow you. Right now, you can get there some special for just $1995. Let me say it again. For just $1995, you can get you up to $382 feet of beautiful Laminate wood flooring. It is positively beyond belief. Laminates Arusp will match any legitimate written offer. That's for real. And there's no obligation. So if you like your free or in-home estimate, just call them and check this out. Call Laminates Arusp toll-free until that crusty ancient meal. Go to call one, 877-777-73336. What could it be easier? They give you free carpet disposal, free furniture moving at 25-year warranty, and a lifetime of beautiful easy care. Laminate wood flooring. Call Laminates Arusp to date toll-free. It's a smart move. Call one, 877-777-3336. It was obvious to all of us. Bill Clinton, straight in his marriage. So let's walk through this. First, nothing is off limits in our marriage. Second, I procured women for Bill when he was governor. Screw him, I laughed, which he did. And the saga's continued. I laughed when he confessed that he had paid for frequent visits by a cold girl to a hotel he stayed in when he was in Washington. She was one among many Bill solicited. During the White House years, Jennifer Flowers claimed she'd had a 12-year affair with him. This was completely in character for Bill. My favorite was, Monica Lewinsky. Bill talked to her a few times and she had asked him for some job hunting help. And dropped to her knees to kiss my husband. I came to know and like her. And I asked her if she wanted to live with us in the White House. She said, yes. As long as there would be sex with my husband. As always, I said, okay. Okay, 27-11 at 560, love that swallowing man. She's a real love bitch. It's a big of a wild sexual escapades. It's interesting. It's not interesting. It's terrifying. It's sad. The Arnold Sager. It's one of those things where you don't know about a rapper cry. Because there are actually our people continue to take him seriously. Well, we haven't gotten into the affirmative action or Prop 54 yet. We're still studying those things. And then the thing about the 1977 interview with We Magazine, as in We We, I don't know dear words like that. But anyway, when I wasn't planning a life in politics, then I wasn't running for Galavan Avacalafoenia. Just the way he says it. And he said that when our little kids talking about, he's going to be the education governor. He was education to be the priority. And he's been in the country 35 years and speaks like he just popped off the guy damn Nazi boat. Am I right? Yeah. What else he can? Everybody. How much is daddy? He was good buddies with Hermon Geering, you know what? What a pile of crap. And they're taking, oh yeah. We haven't gotten around to that yet affirmative action. And these people are coming on the talking head shows. They're arguing vehemently there. But wow, he's got positions. He hasn't got our freaking clue. Okay. The only position he's got is the prone position where there are every's having to be prolonon to at the moment. Then come to find out. Of course you know about those body builders, don't you? I want to give you a kiss. Yeah. That's what they say to each other. Sure. Body builders, male models, all of these things, you know? There's one common thread. And evidently the interview not only dealt with heterosexual sex. I'm gang bangs and orgies, etc. But also with how most sexual sex. And that's really even go on the internet now. I'm people have been faxing me to stuff. Everybody knows who's interested in finding it. There's 80's sitting in those naked pictures of Arrova on there. And all I crap, you know. He's a clown. He's a cartoon character. How about Wiley Coyote for Governor California? Why don't you know that? Super genius. Anything. I wasn't planning on being governor of California. So that therefore excuses them being a wildly generate and like screw everything with a goddamn skirt or a pantaluni zone. Yeah. But he wasn't going to run for governor of California. It's a comedy show. It really is. Forget about the crying part because we don't live there. And sure his hell will never will. But you just have to laugh at that. What about the assholes they are? Why? We can't talk anyway. Not all about you. That's right. He's out of a lot smarter than our governor. We got the education governor with his devious plans to subvert the will of the goddamn public. Well, hey, listen how much more can devious can you be? Then to call your brother up to 330 in a guy day morning and say, hey, don't worry. We are the fixes in you one. You know, how much more devious can you be the next way it broke? Yeah, don't sweat it, bro. You won. What? Yeah, you know you won. I got you. There are over there in Texas pacing up and down to floor on a ranch and have an nervous breakdown and Martha kept flipping her wig all around her. And then I went wherever her name is Barbara. And then don't worry. It's in. You got it. Kate Harrison, I sit and over here. We're laying down over here together. We're having nice cocktail. Who had the tail? Oh, yeah. I don't know, but I can tell you who had the votes. 253 votes on our podiums today. Speaking of that, yeah, we're going to do two stuff. Just to make him happy. Okay. He's so hopeful. Because you see what a pussy he is. He doesn't like the fact we've been doing for a couple of weeks. I wanted to he despises it. What? Because he figures work cop and now we're taking the lazy way on. He knows it's not good for a relationship. And he's right. He's right, but it's better than sitting here that hour begging for calls or talking to the same. I noticed that the same people in this building who probably are upset about that. They don't have the balls to go in there and say like to, hey, we don't want to hear one every day or Richie from Borussia, or Martha Jets fan. It's bad radio. It's crap. They won't tell him that. Well, that'll be the day. Yeah, that'll exactly. That's what Buddy Holly said. But boy, yeah, do the one and two. Go all the way to two. That maybe we will and you know what, maybe we won't. You'll have to stay tuned. Moth and everybody else too. We'll do whatever now we feel like it and still good paid. That's the best part. No one that. Right? Oh yeah. And it'll still be a big improvement. The one and two are free. You know what, if we just played that same Hillary bit the whole hour, still have a bigger number than the rest of the stations. So what's the problem there? What all the other her coins they covered, they covered? I mean. But they had you know how many seconds they've played before they scored the first touch down in that game? But third man. Yeah. It was like there was nobody else on the field going for a walk. Like a bunch of little children. And you look up in the stands. There was nobody there. Ferrell had it right. He said it was like a scrimmage. He was even worse than a scrimmage. And we're putting it on there like it's, oh, it's like a real. It's a happening. It's a major event. And this is a great start. And you know. And what does that kid to quarterback for you? M now? Tommy Dorsey's success. Huh? No, what is his name? Oh, see, I can't ask you. I don't think God we used to have beater boy in there before you got all screwed up before you peddle him some bad crap. Totally. Berlin. Brock Berlin. I know it. I really can't tell what he looks like because he's got his helmet on here in his picture. I think basically he's pretty ugly. Although at least he's white. You know we got one or one or two token of my guys on a thing? But I think he's ugly. So who the hell needs him? Plus he's Martin. They're already attacking him. Then I heard I heard a call to Geli this morning, which Geli's either a little slurry was too embarrassed by it. Looking for the poor result momentarily when I feel like it. But that was from some dark-complexed color. Who's talking about Brock Berlin? Well, you know, they gave him a check in. And he had him a chance. And Paul Ray Lucas, you know, it was a race thing again. And Geli's same. Ray Lucas had to do with her kinds of. And there was no answer to that. Well, I'm just throwing it out there. And I'll pour Ray Lucas. Can I even begin to tell you how that affects me how nauseous I get from that? But people who view everything in terms of black and white are so tragic and so sad, so pathetic. Ray Lucas sucks. OK? He blows. Oh, too bad about that. Ray Charles against the Marlins backup catcher, by the way. Is it if they didn't have enough problems already? But it's alleged, right? Just like Kobe, it's alleged because we know athletes do not do stuff like that. And we know that Arnold did not do those things because he wasn't planning on running for Governor of California. He's illiterate. He can't speak the language. And I realized that since Bush stole the election, that no longer is a prerequisite for holding public office in his country, but the man is freaking illiterate. More articulate than the president, though. More articulate than Jimmy Carter, I'll tell you that. Nuclear. Nuclear. Get it right. That's what this president said. Nuclear as in North Korea. You know, the actual chiveval, we still talk about stirring the hornets nest again. Yeah. And just like that, it also called and told me that one day that Bush liquor a few months ago. Oh, thank you, Mr. President, for the lower gas prices. Right. We got record high gas prices. We got kids getting killed every day. Another one this morning in Iraq. We've got terrorist attacks going on over there, which prior to their rack attack, there weren't any. Either by Iraqis, anywhere, or in Iraq, wasn't happening. Wasn't taking place. And the people that were being slaughtered well, that goes on all over the world, was no skin off our ass. But now, with Americans dying over their everyday, it's plenty of skin off our American ass. Not to mention, of course, the skin off your income, because we're talking billions and billions and billions and freaking trillions of dollars, got only knows how much money to try to get out of this mess that they stuck us into. And the public is sitting back all the way. How about that Arnold, huh? In California? Or I'm going to give it a poor result. Let me come back. Well, it's just a football. I like it. I like it. That feels like that if he makes middle fighting hits yes, he doesn't. So if you miss Ghana, what is the name of Argentina now? It's trppin'? The laundry plans to pass in clue And once upon a few up like a balloon Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah I tell me, how long can I get out here you curse You want me to miss you, you do worse Even kids will get dentrated The lunchboxes will not be waiting to me Down the phone for the release star Meets sense with the heavy bars I hope you're ready for a cup of nests Watch the end you're out here I like the weewee 13 to 11 at 5.6. Do you hear Joe Rose 2 to 4 for the mad dog the staff? No, like I said, Monday's Labor Day George will be gonna show him Monday like it or not He's better than a tape By a hell of a long shot And then Tuesday at that point All this fall to roll comes to an end All this insanity All this monkey business stops now, right? Okay Don't you remember in network he said all this craziness stops now we go back to straight news tonight Right? Remember that scene In fact, let me look at the schedule we got next week schedule and here I'm sure we do because I know between clearance and muffler and they're working on it feverishly and the schedule too Yeah, look at that there's oh and I want to say it all this is the best news ever hurt in my life Next Wednesday September 3rd George Rodriguez. Huh? Oh, I like this. I like this schedule No, seriously Monday and Wednesday of next week your work and I got a new schedule Tuesday Thursday and Friday Right with the QM of the official schedule which we can't change Look at that All right Oh, you know something I realized that they're they're not finally paying me they're repaying me for all of my conscientious efforts these last six years and that what? This is sensational Wednesdays and What's the other end Monday's off and holidays and they're long summer? This is phenomenal. Thank you, definitely. Clare sir really appreciate how many days am I gonna work next year? I'm 30 man all right In fact, I wouldn't be surprised online six if it's the retired guy. Hello WQAM Yes, sir Well, I got news for I'm pretty damn close if it schedules right That was good. I like the way that worked out. You know what that was that him you think? Oh, no, you don't that the real one though but he was very close that was very good sir You get high marks okay about an eight and a half on a scale of 50 we give you about Man two men okay yesterday oh and they got 821 cases of West now virus in Colorado. Oh, right What what are you doing? No, no, no Sit on it. I'm not not letting you touch that schedule. What are you? You can't have it. No I'm not giving it up Do not just get it. You won't find those scheduled on low. I'm a magnet. I'm sitting on it I sat on and I wiped my ass with it. Okay, I stuck it on top of most peace to cover up the ball spot So that's an error is that what that is no come on It it says right here when's this September 3rd George robbery is 10 to 2 I like it Oh, but the good news is Thursday And one or clock it's Marlon's on deck we got to Marlon's in the pirates next Thursday. Oh, this is great Like I said if you're ready first to go back to the regular schedule hold your breath We're just gonna take our sweet time when you folks decide and it's time to get back to life. Let us know So send us a telegram put a bottle in Biscayn bay in the sense of no-do, okay? Then we'll know it's time to go back to working again. That's just they were just screwing around I mean the first one to admit it because this is the honest show We don't come on here pretending by you pontificating. Wow, we're here working our brains out for you to entertain it Now we're just faking our way through the summer. Somebody comes back All I do notice that the the hits on a website are slowly but surely come back a little bit Over 10,000 requests for pages last two days That's because I'm back. I mean right no, no, it's because what is that? Guess cuz I'm back because there's still nobody here. There's nobody in town. Okay. Here's the result WCOM Hey, this door. Yeah, hey, I just wanted to make a give Neil a quick guy. I've just read our Frank and new book. I just was how is it? Oh, it's awesome man. I'll bet it's awesome. I was just gonna recommend it to him What now what's the day to that come out and so they've been out of ideas? Oh, does it just Neil? Yeah. Oh, I'm sorry. That's okay. I like string in your line Because a lot of times people say stuff to George that they're terrified to say to me so it works out real good Okay, like that Neil's an asshole stuff like that. I love you man. I did my homework Watchboy for combat man. That was great dynamite. What an eye opener. Yeah, but I feel fly open I guarantee you these Frank and new book you're gonna be reading excerpts for that I'm glad you mentioned that because I'm gonna go on get it later so I can weed it on a plane I get on here this week. Oh, love it. I did they pull it out of the back. It wasn't on the shelf Yeah, I guess it did just got him in but now they're probably hiding it back there. You know they're running back to you You got to read the chapter on the encolter or I can't wait. They have a whole chapter on Bill O'Reilly It's awesome. What's gum bags these people are lying Gum bags yep, and can you imagine what's in your closet? Oh, yeah, I can imagine but Neil I can't wait to hear comments on it after you read it I'm gonna give this weekend. Thanks, Paul. I'm gonna take that sitter minder. Okay, by the way, and colder You're good. You're flat. You're warm. You hate you everybody with a brain does we know we're on the lying bitch slut 821 cases of West Nala Colorado There's a whole bunch of me here, which is a big piece in a paper out of this morning including in There's for already Now do you hear anybody saying oh gee we better not let's so-and-so come in We better not let Brian greasy Out out there a dolphin training camp because he might have like some of those dangerous skaters in his pants and maybe a brewer to win his suitcase No, no, nobody says that but assholes like George Corso and Miguel Escobar were saying back in the early part back in June when I came back for a week They were saying oh well, do you think we ought to let Neil come back to work right away when it returns from Toronto We're shitty going to into quarantine for 10 days because of the SARS You know, and the AIDS Oh Yeah, that's right I forgot about that speaking of assholes like Miguel What are you doing what what does guys name as he doing now? Is he got so many? Did you put another guy pitching a tent? No, he's just trying to suck up to me. That's why you put that picture underneath it because he you know He realizes what an asshole he was with all that quarantine now He's got SARS no-one of you almost pass out of your wedding you're such a guy damn pussy, okay? Cubans are pussies make no mistake about it Dude it's theme but I just went through because of you! By the way. What is that? It was on my uncle'spressive and all the employers are curbed and earlier he was in his own family but I was in our own home, I was informed because he could be gonna be up on your ass. Screw them. Tell me. No any 아니 apos. Yea screw you... and see you then ok. By the way sir, you take the bananas off your car from where you're placing some vairs in, you start to rot. In fact, I... was you named them, would have killed the chimpanzee on passions... Pressure system a start eating in bananas if you don't put them away Anybody else today's pool we asked generally speaking which religious group in US is the most funny? Well, at least they had the station on though that's something. I'll say that much It's a big place that Miguel was talking about at least there was a WQM nice going on amigos Well, you're laughing about they're not uptight like you are they don't you have a crap about all that's right They wouldn't miss a second they know that that Rosanne Rosanna Dano We were also whatever name is she didn't know what a bitch she is and a phony They've seen her husband two by the way. Oh brother Generally speaking which religious group in US is the most fanatic we asked yesterday 1253 votes before we finally shut that baby down Born again Christians 856 make no mistake a boat it they are fanatic they're dangerous they just refuse to abide by the constitution they kind of make it up as they go along 856 votes that's damn near that 68.3 percent more than two turds Your hope is witnesses made a nice showing coming from a nowhere in the second place 132 Even beating up Muslims 127 Orthodox Jews had 81 Boy Catholics only 31 and Mormon small potatoes here 26 Mormons here are like you know We don't see him too much not the script. No, but I mean you just don't hear a lot from them You don't see him too much no under bicycles with a nice neat white shirts and black ties it'll wield any power here They don't more than he pour no well, maybe we could like get our own mighty Mormon or radio station going okay Mighty Mormon power power Ranger radio Rangers right sounds good to me So there's your 1253 votes in the essence is the bottom line is that boarding and Christians I need some help. Okay, I know I take that back. We need some help and protection from the board again Christians And I know we have a few in our audience and the please reconsider. That's my suggestion here reconsider your evil ways. Okay, and your and your intolerant attitudes We can't deal with it. We're oh, and I got a couple of priestaries that were facts to me here I'm waiting here. I'll also get that facts that JJ the expand it's I'll get to him eventually But I'm dragging this out because I want to make tough happy today. You know he's praying He's in there rubbing his legs together like a like a grasshopper don't grasshoppers do that crickets He's doing it like buddy Holly He's in there rubbing his legs together with clearance and The pre and that we actually go all the way through to with none of those comedy puts try to come in here and grab my schedule and change that next Wednesday But being the law biting citizen that I am last time I saw this schedule in fact You know I'm gonna do I'm gonna facts George. I'm gonna facts this schedule to Toronto So I have it up there and then of course he can't change it And if I don't happen to show up Wednesday morning I can say hey, I'm just following the schedule you moron Who'd drudge back in you've seen him on channel 7 news first as a two bit reporting now as a two bit anchor that Where's more makeup than Tammy Faye Baker and Mary K. Combine Those and tones of the men who brought you crunchack Rick Sanchez Nicker Orange Mar don't miss lick Sanchez This is Penteface Toro Brahailia. It's one show you all want to miss State for a good one. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, no, no, no, no. You... Rick Sanchez, you love paid on you. I've set you as a precious gift from God. Sixty bucks join Mark Rays yesterday for a banded pair rescue. Wow, wow, wow. Is that impressive or what? No, sixty bucks. And you know the three people who came and bought the stuff that's twenty bucks apart three people. Oh, that's the audience. That's four thirty in a morning. Are there only two people that they bought three items? Sixty bucks, you know something if that's a message right there, you know? I like your old lot. He's a good guy and a good friend, but it's time to hang it up. Right? Oh, probably forty more dollars. Four for a mole right in there between Mo and Gildy two to five in a morning. Sounds like a winner to me. Joe Rose five eight. Huh? In fact, Joe Rose five to six and Joe with the Farell. Six to ten. Okay. Sounds like a winner to me. Pau. Check it out. All right. The new pull is up already. Now, what is this? Best of the year of all. Thank God. We'll actually raise some mind today. I thought for, we only need... We only need 140 bucks to get over 17 grand yesterday. And I'm thinking to myself, that's seven CDs or key chains or accommodation of these things. 140. Cake. Yeah, like follow it off a log in the middle of the Kuhullawasi river. And they raised sixty bucks to unmarked for best of the alert. That's, that's embarrassing. I would just leave town. I'd get in the car in the middle of night like Tom don't like us. I'd pack up my goodies and stuff my wife in the trunk, Joe. And I just get that line of here. That's bad. That's pathetic. Sixty bucks. Anyway, we will have a best of the year of Van Hitt today. A serious one in the Hudus parking lot. Oh, it's tonight. No, it's the world. What is this? See, you know, this Miguel like a toad. He's so worried about whether our broads are as back. He can't get his act together. It's in the Hudus parking lot today. Saathe Kornor Pai's university. The only problem is he doesn't have a time. I mentioned that to him. He said, when I get there. That actually does mean something. What do you mean by that? Means he's going to leave as soon as he's able. And we will start. Yeah. This is he finished his servicing, Doreen and screw in. I'm necessarily in that order and the clearance. You do want him to get going, though. If. Oh, he can do that in a heartbeat, you know, Squared Squirt. No problem. Anyway, so there'll be a Hudus parking lot. Saathe Kornor Pai's university. So that'll be our first broad of Van Hitt. Where were we the other day? I forgot. Was it in date somewhere? I forgot. I forgot. Haven't sure. Oh, that's a Mark. Two hundred. What? That's where Jordan Mark were. Right. He was in. Where now was he? I'm the rain. I don't know. I think through our habit, real problems. Roy's in girls are Alzheimer's is kicked in here. He threw a amp. But anyway, they'll be there. And we'll let you know what time. So it'll give you plenty of opportunity. Like, you know, dress up. Yeah, slick down your hair or like, paste it down real good. So we don't fall off and get embarrassing. We'll talk about you on a year. And then you can go get your best stuff. So tonight, six to eight PM George and I guarantee he'll raise more than 60 bucks. I can't guarantee that. If you don't raise more than 60 bucks, don't come into tomorrow. Okay. And if he do raise more than tonight, from six to eight, George at the New Solid Golden for Lauderdale on the Northwest corner of open and federal, which is new Skank club. And tomorrow, George will be at Bill's Silas, but now I don't think he's going to raise too much tomorrow. Bill's Silas Boulevard of Savings on the Northwest 36th street corner. Just west of 27th Avenue. Get the best of Neil and enjoy free food from Atlantic City. Sub-subsidrics from Dickens Cider. That's 11 to one tomorrow. So we got some busy beavers around here. Bill's Silas. Anybody who worked there know who he is? No. Who I am? Anybody over there listening to this station? No. No. That's good. They call me as Sunwichegai. Yeah, it's not what you guys. And of course, they just are there to hop up the free food and do a great job of it. Okay. Here's the new pool. It's up there already. And of course, do you student people in the audience who are hopped on it? They're already voting on it. I like that. I like the way we do that now. Have no fear, Eric. The old-dauring pool that I am. I'm right on top of it. What is this say? It says, I used to go to Catholic Church every Sunday and give my 10% of the church required. When he walked to the Lord he said, what do you require? Now I go to the take. Now I go to take back 20% from the basket. When anybody's looking just for the simple fact that they pissed me off. And I'm not going to take it anymore. Signed five finger. I don't know what this means. Five finger discount. I don't know what this means. Five finger discount. I don't know what this means. Five finger discount. I don't know what this means. Five finger discount. He's sluther out of the sack. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. I wear the hell's the pole. I mean, I know it's up there, but I hear it. Who do you think is or was the most dislike media person in South Florida? And I put this up because here's one that Moe might not win and it looks like he won't. And I knew who the winner just could be. I don't want to piss off those crazy covinos by the way anymore that McGowan was just talking about where he came from from the cock fights. But the fact that the matter is here's one Cuban guy. They don't like too much and we're not talking about Cecil Cruz either. It's an 80. I can't let him in. We're talking about Ricky Tickie Sanchez. That's why I play that bit in case you didn't notice. Who do you think is or was the most dislike person in South Florida? And my list consisted of Greg Budell, Rick Sanchez, Moe Howard David, Neil Rogers, George Rodriguez because we put ourselves on air and then bother us and of course the Humper. And he's hanging in there. And all the days, he probably would do better than he is right now because he's metaled a lot. And he's a turned into pretty good guy. We like him a lot. In fact, Hank will be on from Vegas today. How do you like that? Are you ready for that? I'm ready. I know they're one of those tough assignments for the Humper on your gambling channel. I'm a 60 Q a m. Bed on it. Remember how he used to slow it on? I do used to be depend on it. Q a m. We got the crap here man. Bed on it. Whatever you want. Bed on it. And there's already 77 votes on there as in 77 W ABC. Cousin Brucey by the way is an asshole with an even worse hair piece than Moe. 77 votes. Who do you think is or was the most dislike-meedy person in South Florida? Ricky Tickie Sanchez. He's taken it up the butt with 35 votes. Moe Howard David who is going to maybe give me a run for the money. But he's 21 only 21 Moe and by the way, don't be calm the station, Moe. When you're pleased, that's what Rick and whatever the hell they're naming. Jordan Mark said no more call on his goddamn radio station. If he ain't calling Joe, he's calling Joe Mark. If he ain't calling Moe, he's calling Joe. It's Moe Joe radio. And we got Moe Joe radio in Toronto. Why the hell not having Moe Joe radio in South Florida? Okay, shut up. So the thing just changed again now that people are aware of what the poll is 87 votes. Rick Sanchez 39. Moe Howard David at 25. Hank Oldberg ate near Roger's seven George Rodriguez, seven you and I are tied. And Greg Badell only won. Well that's because everybody hates Greg Badell. They do. He's got a faded away though. Yeah, he's faded away into oblivion. He's on a station which we don't even know where it is on the dial and don't care. We couldn't care less. Here's an interesting facts, marginally. It says, by the way, if stuff thinks we're going to go to the day, he's got to be dreaming. There's as much chance that we're going to go to the entire like this crap today as parents get in lead with like a real woman by the end of the year. You know what I'm saying? Define the real. One with the right body parts. All three body parts required two breasts and a sloth. Oh, now my Hank goes to Vegas. He likes to play the sloth with nothing extra as well. Right. Okay. Here's the facts from Roger. Caputnik who says, in 1977 W.M. had a DJ named Dr. Boogie. He was also the coordinator for the high school course body segments. And I was the correspondent for my school. I would call him the 60 second report all day or going on, sports course, etc. And QM would play it usually during Dr. Boogie's show. I was wondering if anybody still remembers Dr. Boogie. No. And no, this real name. If he's still around, it's said, or do we know? No. So, Roger Caputnik. Do we believe that there's really such a name as Roger Caputnik? Why would he lie? Maybe Dr. Boogie is Caput. You think? I never planned on being covered up California. So I was allowed to be on. I was doing a lot of things. I wasn't thinking about politics and being covered up California. It's so scary that there are no words to describe it. It's just, it's, and the fact that these amorons, you may need action and media presenting this with a straight face. Like, this is a real news story. Like, this is somebody who's credible, who's got qualifications even to be got them rat catcher. Forget about dog catcher. Yeah, maybe you could come to my house and be rat catcher. Shobha's asked up on the attic. It's even good to work as well as the track, the tender track. I think he already got married to the tender trap. That chinless bitch. It's 11 past 11 at 5.60 WDQM if you're a fat. You know all about all kinds of diets, right? Especially the Atkins die, which is more and more popular all the time. And you're probably wondering, well, this is not the easiest diet in the world of stay on because it's so boring. It's the same old stuff over and over again. Well, that's why we recommend a great store called The Delights of West Boca because there you'll find some real alternatives, some things to munch on and snack on, and shove in your pussy to keep you on a straight narrow path. Over 900 low carb, sugar free products in this one great store. Try the new low carb instant cup of soup, all you do is add water, pop it in the old microwave for a low carb meal and a cup in four delicious flavors and speaking of delicious, be sure and check out these simply outrageous delicious low carb muffins for a quick breakfast. They've got your own little individual size cheesecake. And they've got low carb pasta, sauces, dressings, tips, chocolates the real famous carbolite ice cream. Two these low carb peanut brittle. Carber right-rated drink, chocolate, vanilla shakes and bread new. The last brand chocolate crisp and chocolate mint bars. Thank the Lord. No malt at all, which means forget about that. And of course all icons brands products are on sale all day every day. Delights you can try any product in the store before you buy it too. Give them a shot. They're open every day 10 to 10. You'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441. Right next to Boston Market. You can call the lights tool free at 1-877 low carb or check them out on the web at lowcarb.com. Delights a West Boca is your official Atkins retail center. Live and low car. This is 42560. Who a hell. A biggest bet is 20th Rocker of all time that he's not taking any prisoners. He's actual sports nigga. Belgium's with the jungle. We got one end games. We got everything you bought. We blow your own go now. Axel Schwarzenegger. He's all pumped up and ready to rock. Take me down to Paradise City. It was a glass screen. It's a girl's apprited. Or as think a grenade launcher for the sun board. It's military industrial strength rock and roll. The way only Axel Schwarzenegger can challenge. You're the one ugly. The John Claude Bandarm is a f***y. Steven Sikhal. There's a f***ing with the pony tail. The only reason I did a film with Jidito is because you could stand up. It's absolutely sports nigga. Exclusively on Terminator CDs, records and dissents. If you don't fight this album, I'll be back. What a fan thought that is 117 at 560 WCM. Worth Bozzy is on passion. She's the nurse. I mentioned that yesterday. But like in the middle of all that crap. I just want to mention again. That is worth Bozzy. She's a hoot. Okay. Remember Bozzy from our signature and other things? Yes. Like what? Stuff. Authority speaking of stuff as in stuff at somewhere. This kid, they ought to slice his balls off. Right on national TV. No, lady. That had John Walsh. Authority to arrest teen and internet blast to protect. All you punk asshole kids out there who think you're a bunch of wise guys. Dicking around, you know, hacking in this computer and hacking in that. Hacked this, okay? Hacked the wife like OJ. Yeah, you virus spreaders. Man. That's sorry. I'm going to get our freaking life. Go get laid. Discover your pubes. Okay. Go get a life. And of course, these are the kind of kids who can't get laid. Right. It wouldn't surprise me if one of these days you're going to come in here. And there'd be like viruses all over the whole damn building computer system. Started by clearance. You know, to get what I'm saying? Yeah. Because he can't get laid. Even Duff turned him down this morning. The first step in getting laid is to step away from the computer and leave the house. No, they think the first step in getting laid is going online for those chat rooms. Chattin it. You know, with Gertude, his real name is probably Richard. Right. Well, it's worked for some people. Anyway, US cyber investigators have identified a teenager's one author of a damaging virus like infection, at least weeks ago on the internet and planned to arrest him early today. Maybe they already got him in custody. I think I hope so. I hope they just chop his penis off if they can find one. The 18 year old was accused of writing a version of the damaging blast your computer infection that spread quickly across the net. The official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. The official asked that further identifying information about the teenagers not be disclosed till the arrest. Uh, further details expected to be disclosed today by the FBI US attorney's office in Seattle. Are you spokesman for the US attorney's office there, John Harting said, there have been no arrest. There are other words they're not saying yet. Collectively different versions of the virus like worm, I'll turn it into the cloth, love, sand or blaster, snarled corporate networks worldwide, forcing Maryland's motor vehicle agency to close for one day, the infection-initated networks and frustrated home users. Sime-ant, a corp-aleding anti-virus vendor said the worm and its variants infected more than a half a million computers worldwide, expert consider one of the worst outbreaks this year. And for that this kid, I think we just, we just time to a goddamn telephone pool and let everybody whose computer was dicked up by his virus come along and with a baseball bat and just beat the crap out of him until there's nothing left. Right? Like in Casino, just a little bit of the death of clubs and bats. I like to come up like with one of those, so what do they call those real sharp cutters like an all not know, all's like pierced like a full lay night? That would be good. Like one of those knives that Jeff Tony sells on the infomercials. Right. Yeah, one of those real paper thin, the slices you bought right off. Yeah, I'm even worse than against tonight. And in fact, what we'll really do is we'll just have Jeff Tony stand there and give him dirty looks for hours. That's the kind of punishment this punk deserves. By the way, Jeff Tony, lose some weight, you're fat little tub, you little round man. You know, it's one thing to be fat which I've been for a long time, but it's another thing to be a round man. You don't want to mean? Like the beat like the beast, beast is a round man. That's that show. Like, like, Jeff Tony, it's what? A bad combo. Oh, it is really bad. Also, speaking of the internet and a lot of hanky punk you're going on. Revealed how the RIA, a tracks down loaders, a. The recording industry is providing its most detailed glints and the some of the detective style techniques and employers as part of its Secretive campaign against online music swoppers. Most of whom are doing poppers. The explosions were included in court papers. Do a straight guy do poppers? That like, walk around there. That stuff that you seem on my trade. No. I bet you there's some straight guy there. Sure, there are. There's mostly faggots. Now why is that? Don't know. Ask Bina Boy, he'll tell you. He's got some better stuff. The explosions were included in court papers, filed against a Brooklyn woman fighting efforts to identify her for allegedly sharing nearly a thousand songs over the internet. The recording industry, the disputed her defense that songs on her family's computer, were from compact this she had legally purchased. Right. According to the documents, the RIA examined song files on the woman's computer and traced their digital finger-print's back to the former Naps to your file sharing service, which shut down in 2001 after Courreau did violate a copyright laws. The RIA, the trade group for the largest record label said it also found other evidence inside the woman's music files. So, suggesting the songs are recorded by other people in distributed across the internet, the wicked wicked internet. Comparing the Brooklyn woman to a shop lifter, like what's your name? When on a writer, the RIA told US magistrate John M. Fatsiola that she was not an innocent or accidental infringer in described her lawyers claims otherwise as shockingly misleading. The woman's lawyer, Daniel and Battered and Sacramento, California said the music industry's latest argument was merely a smokes queen to never to tense inferno related issue of whether her internet provider Verizon internet services ink must turn over her identity under a copyright subpoena. You cannot bypass people's constitution rights to privacy, do process, and anonymous association to identify and legit infringer ballard set. And it goes ah, yad yad yaddy. Now, here's the fact you're one of our regular facts, who's really slipping today, they had move, okay, very bad, very unfortunate. I realize there's a lot of pressure on it's a big liberty holiday weekend, who are cones beat up on a girl's team last night. There's enormous pressure on. But the semi-an idiotic facts like this when we're taking one of our very scientific high-faluten polls today is it's unacceptable is what it is. And I sure wish I wouldn't have eaten that grilled cheese was very good. That's another thing it's going to save my life, it'd be a lot of here's not all that how he's isn't going to be sitting there for a little bit of bacon today. You know, this lady need too much of that even though they had 40 pounds of it again. But since there were about 75 sandwich grilled cheese in it would zax name on it, I figured I'd do him a favor and I'd steal one. That was the zax stack of said what the zax stack yeah, what a pig you are man. No seriously, if his family could see the amount of food in there with his name on it. There's like a hundred pounds of food sitting in a gigantic cardboard box. How many pounds have zax name on it? About 30 pounds of food and he's talking about diet and you know he's another fat slob like me. But at least I admit it. I'm not putting on any act. I'm a fat slob who can't resist especially grilled cheese sandwich. Bunry bacon and butter. That was good. And of course the butter makes everything slide out like. Yeah, you're going to need some long bits in that one o'clock. I think. Why is that? No, no, this wasn't one of those. This didn't have all the butter on it. Oh, okay. Have you ever had how is grilled cheese? No, it's not a fact. I think there's one in there for my girl. Last two. No thanks to be really right. Right, go and add. In fact, it's growing its own cheese on the outside. It's a double cheese got original American cheese on the inside and the own newly fermented cheese on the outside. Anyway, this fact is so idiotic. It says you have to include along with Rick Sanchez. The other two disasters on the now on watchable channel six. Jose Diaz, Valar and Jackie Nesprough. See, this David and this is one of our regular nuttochronic David, but another one. You didn't read the question. Granted those people are annoying. Granted they suck on a year, but they don't engender even Angela Reyes horrendous and embarrassing as she is on the year. She doesn't engender heath. See the difference, David? Are you getting it? No, I didn't think so. Who do you think is or was the most disliked media person in South Florida? Now we're Jackie Nesprough or Jose Diaz, Valar. We're any of the other 600 DS bars fall on a category? No. Of course not. I know someone who does that we love. Yeah. Belky's. Spill fees in the way? Yeah. I hate it. Okay, well let's get around there right away. Belky's in the way. That's B.E.L.K.YS. Nureye, I got no idea. He's a one makes me. How do you spell Nureye? N-Y-R-E. I don't know. What? I don't know. Now Nureye, he was in the godfather. I really reach for the remote faster than anything else that can come on my TV. She gives me Spillies. Old Belky's. I ball surgery doesn't make me reach for the remote. Belky's. Belky's the way. I think Nureye knows how to spell it. If not, you hammered out with him. Hammered out with the hammer. Because I have no idea how to spell that. But she definitely deserves to be honored because a lot of people not only find her annoying on ear, but they can't stand her. They hate her. N-E-R-E. Why? N-E-R-E. Why? Belky's. B-E-L-K-Y-S. N-E-R-E-Y. Belky's the way. Or as we call her in a little Italy, Spillies, Nureye. Thank you Miguel. Who was that the Hooterslaunt? No. Is he really? Yes. Well, I'll be goddamn. Any other ways to raise a lot more than 60 bucks. Now, where's that sheety gave me, huh? I'm wearing it? Uh, no, sirs. Where the hell is it? He gave me the sheet. I got a copy. That's no fear. I got to find mine. It'll kill a lot more times. I'll take these quarter of pints and universe. Just a minute now. I got to find mine. Okay. I want my sheet. What heck I died? Isn't that a shame? The guy that played the chess work died. You know that. They all do. Uh, what did I do with the sheet that Miguel gave me? I mean, this is bad. There it is. See, it's important that I find this. Hooters Park a lot. That's where you'll find the love of Miguel right now. In a Qm fan, of course, on the southeast quarter of pints and university. Now, when he sits on the southeast quarter, oh, the hooters park, man. Okay. And you can get your best in the oil. Good stuff. And also maybe he's got a few of those old mad dog key chains. And definitely the new more Howard David of Key Chain. Right. Just be careful. You know, catch nothing. And the best in the LCDs. This 2002 and 2003 and all these good things. And some 2001 hangovers. Speaking of hangovers, how's Brian Greasy doing? 27, and over your Georgia to argue that later. Too many are long promos on here. We got important business to take care of. Like gambling business, I have to laugh my ass off. One eye here is some of the punk son is radio station. People with squeaky voices coming on a year. Oh, you gotta go to the sportsbook. They got to be screaming and howling and carrying on. Like a bunch of overgrown UM want to be graduates. VIP sportsbook.com. Even my close personal friend Dave Hagen knows it's off of his best sportsbook. Just ask him. He'll tell you. And of course, this is the time of the year now that football's underway. That all the sportsbooks including about 60 on his radio station, you're at the very least. Burn the man. Scar claiming it a biggest or the best to make all kinds of bogus offers. But 99 facilities bookies are in the jungles of Costa Rica. You might never even be seen them again. So this year, moving up in class, be safe. Call VIP sportsbook.com. Hook up with these folks. You can really trust them. I said this year, make the switch to VIP sportsbook.com. It's the oldest. And the largest sportsbook in the prestigious Netherlands. Holland. The Dutch. 100% legal in license too. Listen to me and call VIP sportsbook.com right now. Call free. 1-8-6-6 VIP. Brexit South Florida's best sportsbook. Forget about the other bogus imitators here on this radio station. They are worth a shmit. Okay. Sign up right now. You can bet on all the South Florida football and basketball teams. Juice free on your long. You want to bet on the dolphins? Not always a smart thing to do. But it's only 100 to 100. You went on in the hurricanes. That's a safe bet. It's 100 to 100. So forget about the big. All signups. You know the big? The big one. All signups. Good. That's not some funny money match play bonus. VIP sportsbook.com. Call them toll free if you like. 1-8-6-6 VIP bet. That's 1-8-6 VIP bet. Be sure to tell me what about it right here on prestigious WQM your gambling channel. For VIP sportsbook.com where you be the VIP. My wife and law. This is 4-20-5-60. You went to WAA. Yeah. The next day. The next day. The next day. The next day. The next day. The next day. The next day. The next day. The next day. The next day. The next day. The next day. The next day. The next day. The next day. The next day. The next day. The next day. The next day. The next day. The next day. splitting. Formal fear, way... Just living life. The way we want to. The next day.์... If come on gag and let's all. flavor-dressed. Just rest up all in drag It's so sad The little ones that make us all the bad Also bad We're just living like the way we want to If come on game And that is all If why they say those nasty things they do It's because I'm gay And that is all But it could be so hard Inside you Oh yes, so so hard Inside you Inside Woo Woo Well, they're gonna players from the Education team resized over 75 That bombing in the jockey's horn They couldn't add big Oh, I'm blue How do you like that? They're gonna be a big shey mula boolean They're all screaming ah shey Over there to pretty upset about it So the insanity continues It just goes on and on and then you get a Facts like this and you just want to throw up your arm and say What you know who gives a crap Fill and mudgate who's a chronic faxer And I shouldn't own a long time ago Fill needs metal help. Wait till you hear this This will make you cry It'll make you want to cry Neal Stop things such a hard ass about The anistice of words i.e. stuff But I believe he's in zero About his intentions to being fair government To California He has for social programs which pisses off all of your Publicans some believe he can work convert Summary wingers to a more moderate Kindred jettler fascism And by the way Neal Not all Nazis were evil Most were propaganda that comes as most of the flagwaves Americans society are today We started with Arnold's father not Arnold himself Who was the card carrying member Is the and then he goes on with the thing here you know about bashing bush which is fine But I mean is this pathetic Talk about getting sucked into a bunch of stupid crap Oh yes, he's got his positions on the social issues Haven't thought about a perimeter of action yet or about proposition 52 but you know or club 54 Is it yeah told you to make you like we could probably That's right. That's right. This is how so Fill and mudgate you better rethink your position. Okay. I think you belong in a place I think you belong in a prone position. Maybe you are in the prone position Maybe you got into a bad bowl of grits and it gave you the schmets or something. Okay Because this fascidus sent me is enough to bring a tear to my fly It's enough to make my roiad start boiling again Or maybe it was that grilled cheese sandwich I mean stop and think about this. Okay anybody anybody Summished muck down to corner can say Finish a kid and talk to him Okay, I didn't know what they're talking about but I don't have no memory of any of the I don't remember any of the articles about all that philanthropy I was doing it about all this screw in this one and that one and all of that Because I wasn't planning on our life in politics and big governor of California What kind of an answer is that? Well, what kind of a horseball answer is that to the question? What what does he bring to the table besides a big name And it a white would have to hand Remember a horse with no name he's got a wife with no chin name money That's all you need any right name and money and that's it. Absolutely nothing else Well, he's for so on a social issues. Well, what does that mean? Well, you could you could find Joe Smith down the street corner. He could give you a little give him a ten questions And he can answer all ten away that you agree with a does that make him qualified to run for office or to be dog catcher Of course not I'm for how many people are so goddamn stupid. It makes like I said my hamrow is bleed all of it Is chair looks like the Randy road share right now. I'm bleeding over here. You bloody idiots what those wrong with you man Oh, God. Thank God for Canada where the average IQ is at least a little bit larger than the average penis size Christ all mighty and Is crap I get loud and I'm not even going to dignify this fact. I got from his ex fan JJ blow it out your ass by by Jay and he's still out there Check ass give me a song to dance about the Iraqi terrorists who are going to blow up for some mall with my mother shopping in it Oh, let me know when that's going to happen. Yeah, and Iraqi terrorists now it seems to me That 15 of the 19 terrorists and I'm 11 were Saudi Arabians. You know the Saudis who are good close personal buddies with your friend George W. and these family and Somebody just passed me just moments ago Saudi Arabia's 30 billion dollar bonus from oil revenues right things get better and better for Saudi Arabia Or prices may average 27 bucks a barrel does you do to the failure of the US to restore pre-war production levels in Iraq predicts the national commercial back in place bulletin. I'm going to tell you we are going to take it so deep up the old hole What is Iraqi thing forget about the loss of life if you can. I mean we shouldn't but just setting it's set aside The financial hit that we're going to take and is it for any reason? No Other than absolute total incompetence all based on a pack of lies by a bunch of lunatics like Richard Pearl and Paul Wolfowitz and all of these and Rumsfeld all these for a business of going and whatever else they might be And Jews It's it's pathetic They could hold a special one hour broadcast and make it mandatory viewing in all of America coast to coast tonight and come on here and be honest and say we lied to you We had ulterior motives. This is what it was really all about and and you know what the public the pull would say well 51% still support the president And it would make any difference That's how mindless and how Nome the American public is Nome and dumb over the movie number and number Yeah, God Now speaking of our poll look at your calls. I see a lot of lines with a frantically. I will get there We got to take our time because stuff insist that we go all the way to two with this crap instead of having nice one or two hour comedy bits Which be a nice easy way to you know ease into the holiday weekend. It would be very pleasant But that doesn't want to make life pleasant for us which is why he also wants to scratch out my day off. Thanks Wednesday Which Greg was probably giving me that day off just as a way of a token of thank and me for continuing to be number one And being the cash cow a bonus bonus the cash cow of this radio station right ever seen you with L. C. the board and proud together now your utter Yeah That's what you think 183 votes And by the way, you know one thing about being a fag is you don't have to have a big penis to satisfy your woman You know if you're a straight either 100 I had a fabulous line 184 votes, but this isn't a for Alshow, okay with a big package We're just keeping a nice and clean with at the real clean family a whole some other team But like mo talks about that we're still waiting to hear 194 votes, who do you think is or was the most just like media person South photo? We apologize to mo because it's a very boring poll even though he's on it though So I guess I'm gonna see the poll the other day was boring because he was not at the dead people. Oh, maybe he will be soon anyway Rick Sanchez a hundred out of 194 194 already not bad In fact, when I held it I read the first poll like about the 144 Yeah, 1040 Mohar David at 54 he's only a little more than half of what we're saying just got you just can't hold a can't over Rick I'll tell you that Hank Goldberg 13 George Rodriguez 12 Neil Rogers 10 you got me beat by a pair Greg Budell 4 and Spilky's the raise only got one Only one which like at home. You were pretty in fact about that Spilky's nobody likes her Yeah, but again keep her keep in mind. It's a contest right it's her against these other more prominent more dislikable people And you know what Sanchez is gonna win hands down his pants He is just in fact even if we were to just take it out the word media and just the most dislike person We can put Joe Carroyo on there and the mayor pinga pecania and all kinds of evil people Hitler like my mother evil people my mother your mother too your mama And he's still he's still would have had no problem he would have beat him hands down Ricky Tiki Sanchez and hit your Rick and by the way think about it again. Don't come I Little boy President of the United States America I'm just fine. You might have to call you hot little sexy bitch. You know what Brit is what they usually call it. Well, Brit You're making me so damn orange so damn orange right now. Oh good. That's a good sign When you found out you were gonna be alone with me today. Thank you God. That was really happy hot. You're not the girl. We kind of just leave me hanging now. Oh, yeah, no, no So you don't mind flip up my hand here, right? They told me before I came in here. You were gonna ask me that so Wow, what's I'll spill little there a little premature presidential evacuation. It's all over y'all everywhere. Well, I'll make use of the pretty little mouth of yours and clean this myself Oh, yeah, I mean I have to do it. I have to just like it up Got that right free these as focus. Don't think about it. Don't think of me. Oh, I'm pretty baby What we yeah, but we continue this little later. I just I Got to take care of something. Oh, yeah, that's it. Oh definitely not anytime soon, but yes I'll tell you one thing the reason I played that I'm very sorry that I did you know I said never played that because that's a worse Clinton voice They've ever done on that service, but because Brittany and Madonna last night at the MTV music video awards show Exchange a little pick on the lip and MTV. I mean CNN just since 1130 and how many times they show that Yeah, this is 1130 over and over and over again now Brittany has unfortunately in the eyes of many head of a social guys Drop several notches since seeing that because in the case of Madonna Can you even for getting about Dennis Rodman if you possibly can can you even imagine? Where those lips are there and what they've touched what that tongue has oh what that tongue has Yeah, broad God, that's rotting all right has rod So the fact that Brittany actually made like a little bit of lip contact there nauseating and just nothing not quite as disgusting It was the fact that Justin Tinkerbell I see gotten a word on there and as soon as that kissed her place Who they showing in the audience? There's a little Justin Tinkerbell a little fruit cake that little screaming flaming fairy Just didn't think about when we did have facts. We had that yeah, right sure you did Thoughts what he's calling it so I think I think maybe there's a chance maybe since we know Madonna goes all three ways Maybe Brittany also is a diek Which I think oh That's where it's at man today Be us that's so what it's all about that. In 10 minutes Oh How many times are we gonna see that this hour? Right after a Leon Harris tells us about Kirby Puck it Here's a ridiculous facts one of the worst of all time, but a fact is really pouring in well first here's this one. This is good It's a spilthe's narrator looks like an anorexic drug addicted homeless man That could be the best facts we've had this year. Thank you nailed it spilthe's narray looks like an anorexic drug addicted homeless man She might have gone nuts know how he would shake and had that neck. Yeah Zoli in North Miami. Here's the fact that just you almost as bad as filling muggate Who's got a big Arnold blow up doll in California? It says Neil is a lawyer listening right like to give you some words of advice I love it when you hear and talk about I sure don't and talk about stuff that's going on around you But I must say that your best shows are when you are broad You can't even put the dress on yet. I know your best shows are when you're a man when you're a broad I love your take on politics in religion. I agree with almost everything you say except maybe some of your music tastes Here's my suggestion though. We as listeners want to also hear about stuff in your life Talk about Canada and Amsterdam and your experiences. I love it when you mention stuff about your dog's graphing on your carpet Do I have dogs in Amsterdam or a Toronto? No, or are you farting in the shower? Do I have to be an end-candidate to a fart in the shower? No, no That's good radio. I guarantee And that's what it says. That's good radio farting in the shower. I'll pass. Although I do fart in the shower more here than I do up there because of the horrible food I eat here. I guarantee if you're difficult to pull the winning vote would be to hear more about the adventures of Neil Rogers It helps us to relate to our God better along with bedtime stories in the ever popular ripping of your QM cronies Also how about more gate talk you seem to avoid misspelled avoid gay issues. Why is that gay issues like what? See man. Oh, I know that you're not a sub-hating fag. So what's the deal? The deal is this isn't a fag shows only butch up sweetheart That's all uncle Neil don't take this the wrong way I'm not telling you what to do just suggesting fun stuff right like farting in the shower I'll tell you what when I get home this afternoon I hop into a hot shower and see if I can rip off a few good ones for you. Okay. I'll record it and play it on Tuesday. We'll take somebody with you So you can talk about gay fun stuff Yeah, hearting in the shower, right Oh There you go a group gay shower part Here's another fact that says when it comes to the great mass of Americans just waving off the looting perpetrated by Bush and company I reminded of Eli Wallace character in the magnificent seven we played a Mexican bandito See I like to part where he sang Shut up bitch when asked how he could plan his own people so viciously he responded If God hadn't meant for them to be sure he wouldn't have made them sheep That in the nutshell I think is the credo for this gang of hoodlums of this ticket over our country and most Americans are just too stupid to care Conservatives and others including yourself back to the KAT days have complained loudly for over 30 years about the decanty American educational system while they were right now We had the proof in the putting is they used to say very very sad Speaking of sad did you see this report last month about Saudi Arabia. I just got to it about the oil money 27-bit in small potatoes The Bush family and the house of saw the house of the cards of falling decicards Here's a facts from Warren who says now I know the significance of the beast. Tell me we better watch out better watch his Braccompaness It says the mark of the beast warning to all and of course it's got the obligatory 660s God is for warn us of a time and the man of sin a superhuman dictator known as the beast We'll be given power over all Kindreds and tongues and nations and all that dwell on the earth shall worship him except the saints and He caused it all both small and great rich and poor free and bond to receive his mark number or name in order to work by herself In other words, if you shave Moses you'd find a lot of dingo berries is a mark of the beast right and now that's on turns as asked So we love to mark As a snare shall come on all the echoes out on all this crap is silly biblical garbage written by a bunch of silly idiot Superstitious moron thousands of years ago who didn't know up from down or in from out. Not they didn't know in and out. It's about all they knew I'm just like the animials Rich Sanchez 116 votes who do you think is or was the most just like media person in South Florida Rich Sanchez 116 more Howard David at 59. That's like almost double He's got one more vote than just half. Mo And then it's small potatoes. We're small George Rodriguez 14 the hump or hang goldburg 14 yours truly 11 Greg beat L4 and spilky's narrate with four out of 200 out of two two two were a third of the way there were a third of the way to the beast Two two two With Karen the Valentine was she on at room two two two yes She was kind of annoying book a bug liked her a lot She reminds I think she's the same person as Valerie Burton, Ellie, aren't they the same? Oh, I don't know the same person I believe read and cardated what about Katherine Ross? She was kind of cute. I like Katherine Ross. Yeah, she was cute Wouldn't she in movies with some of those fangs like Roblo and so oh, I'd by the way speaking of Roblo Wow, there is a god. There is Oh, good because have you seen the promos for whatever that horrible new show is that he's on no He looks about 80 and I mean hatches up with you. I mean a bad 80 sur for somebody who was such a real Real pretty boy when he was younger. I mean he was already my real pretty. Oh, yeah, I've had a lot of you Action, but he's a badly A lot of makeup I don't know, but he looked horrible I mean he's got that he's got that face falling apart thing, you know his right cheek is where his eyebrow used to be it's not good Good exactly Oh, I'm delighted I'm getting sick and tired of all these how looking guys, you know, and sooner or later it catches up with him They're looking like crap We got some of these pre-stories will get to 180 180 what oh, wow that's good That means we already beat the 60 from Joe and Mark thank god That could be one of the most embarrassing things ever heard my life We have 17,100 bucks for abandoned pet rescue and don't forget Miguel is still there and the a Qm van who does parking lot Southeast corner of pines in university how long is he gonna be there will be nice to know? I don't know till he feels like it just like the time that he showed up Right When he's a little bit When he leaves when he leaves when he's a big on I think the Joe and Mark thing maybe had something to do with the fact that there was no one on the earth The time pumping their presence while it was going on pumping it up maybe we need to on to pump up the appearance in California It it just Seriously, I think when just when you think you've seen it hurt at all when nothing can when nothing can phase you any more I'm sure we're not done and and all of a sudden here comes this Madness this insanity and we have people like fill and mudgate and others like a George Schultz who of course for political reasons Because of your public and party wants to steal control of these state of California Just like they still control of the White House with this fixed election in this state Just like Tom Delay is trying to be district the entire world to make all Republicans even like in the Netherlands But you know and we got people Oh yeah He'd be a good one. He'd be gray a good what a good one asshole Some of those Body builders probably thought he had a good asshole It's 1156 four minutes before what are we doing here? We did I screw something up. I don't know because I I get Throwing these pages away and throwing these pages away and trying to shut that slide Five cc The state go steam if you can go any delvee whenever I'm in town I listen to wait a minute. I am in town. It's the 12th or what hour She won't go down But it is up again you know we're gonna keep the down She won't go down What it is up again you're never gonna keep it down. She won't go down What it is up again you're never gonna keep the down. She won't go down What it is up again you're never gonna keep the down Kissing his fancy day With you No He's trying to was he's trying to block the train needed hard to drink to get a rent the king He tells us that I really make him feel good. He tells him that what the hell is over to God What There's no way No way I need you She won't go down But it is up again you're never gonna keep the down. She won't go down What it is up again you're never gonna keep the down. She won't go down What it is up again you're never gonna keep the down. She won't go down But it is up again We're gonna keep the down It's a promo 2 of 5.6. You know it's been playing a lot of stuff that we never want to hear again because I can't stand I got absolutely good thing. Everything it was 100 years gone by that voice is just drives me nuts Anyway, we have 245 votes on a pool. We may actually go all the way to the two today. We're gonna tough it out. What do you think? Well, what do you what do you care you don't have to do any right? That's what I still have a fair amount of energy Still see it's like being in training you have to pump it up a little bit pump it up in California Fill in mugging get yourself some metal help before it's too late. You silly goes you you silly person. What is wrong with you, man? Oh, he wants to do good things for California. Yeah, that sounds pretty heavy duty That sounds like a very complex. How about the budget deficit? Well, we're still looking at that. We're still coming up with ideas What about a 400 version? Well, we haven't looked at that yet. What about proposition 52 and about that? Haven't we don't really familiar with that yet? It doesn't like immigrants. It's gonna be on the same ballot by the way Yeah, yeah, it's gonna be on the same ballot, which is really an anti-firmative action thing But he don't know for me. Yeah, it's gonna be on the same ballot. What is the recall? Yeah in California 560 5050 5050 let's start taking a whole bunch of calls here now and see we can really make it till two o'clock because we got a lot of heavy to get these pre-story's here yet We got information up the ass is what we got here at QAM. Let's see that schedule man. You got your Rosa to again mad dog He works about like once every few shows, you know You got the Humper back now. We'll not back in town to back on here from Vegas for the seven of safftono You got Marlins on deck Marlins are home big homestand by the way. This is it you have five teams tied for the Nash lead wildcard five Flatfoot at tie And it's amazing because the Marlins and the Philly's between the two of them They have they have lost so many games in a row But third man. I mean Marlins go on a nine game row a road trip. They lose eight including Donald Trello who's lost it, but anyway Expose at the Marlins the S pose who are one of those five teams are how do they postola who play half of their games in Puerto Rico because nobody wants them Nobody wants anything to do with them and then you got any K follows the baseball game and ESPN radio overnight because you were Mark only raised 80 bucks yesterday And their appearance and they're being phased out 80 bucks that that to me is just it's unconscionable. It's shy or s-60 was it's 60 60 bucks Here are guys. I grant you their on your overnight. They have a limited audience. Everybody is sloughing at that hour Then I but they go out there and granted there was nobody on there promoting it at that hour because we were in all that dolphin 40 hour pregame But nevertheless Did not plug the hell out of yesterday as much as I could and they raised 60 bucks Would you be ashamed and humiliated me? No, oh Now was that McGammer was that like an input drug dealer none of the above. Oh did you see me smile What does that mean if it all agree? Did the ringencing you know okay five six seven over five 60 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line Let's get this thing going W to Q I am Hey, yeah, you doing pretty good. Hey, listen. I got a I got to ask you something. What did you start with this thing juice? You know you're in your friend with the gambling has juice in it. Yeah Then I don't want to empty you last night. You know some of that That a word show and then a big commercial comes up with juice Yeah, I'm amazed I mean looking you started a trend of juice I'll tell you started oh man the juice All right, but I'll give it okay you can yeah Sarah started it I'm wish I had that the CD here, but I don't it'll be it'll be good when I'm back home next week. I'm being safe with you A bigger part that's what I'm playing stuff about it. Oh I have all of my stuff right there in the DCS up there that's loaded with all kinds of good stuff As opposed to this one was maybe equally loaded, but with a lot of crap which haven't played a lot of it so far today Stuff that you don't ever want to hear again including that one Clinton and the Brittany that's that's awful really bad. That is really terrible Excuse me for playing that I apologize. I'll never heard again In fact the first thing I do when I get back there's I'm gonna delete that from my DCS up there when in doubt I'm yeah can it out 132 votes for Rick Sanchez 70 for more Howard David Who do you think is the most or was the most just like media person South Florida? This is the kind of pull South Florida loves and the people are gonna say well There's Neil being negative again. I'm not being negative We just have a little bit of fun. I'll take a little shot, you know, that's what South Florida likes Being nasty and mean spirited and hateful taking a cheap shot and especially when we put ourselves in there How can you not that we're not in skin like some people I can think of? I don't want to mention no names we're not thin skin and I've taken all the time Right, Mo Rick Sanchez 132 Mo has got 70 not even no contest Mo George 17 Hank 17. I got 14 Still he's the race seven and Greg details only got four and you want it a while Greg has nobody remembers who the hell you are if they did you'd be leading I remember those billboards That said don't you hate this man? Because even if you don't he thinks you do he was reclining he could be the most paranoid human being ever urban my life Everybody hates me everybody hates. Yeah. Well, that's true The good thing now is though he's been away so long most people don't remember who he was they don't remember those glorious days when he was waiting on tables That they're struggling country kitchen Right near mommy's house by the way, Ma you're behaving yesterday unacceptable She she is unacceptable my mother. Why do they do that do her it's mom's? Are they all like that? I don't know if they all are my mother could find fault there there is nothing that has ever been invented Nothing that could ever happen nothing that I have ever done that she couldn't find fault with She is the most negative the most nagging the most hostile person that ever came she makes your mother seem like I beg to different like Sandy claws my mother is poor power hostile evil is the word pure evil evil is the word Okay, so selling on message for my mother and your mother as people either say there you go the two seas I know which the I'm to go I was a big three yeah Criticize and complain why do they have to do either both? They then they do both so hobby. It's a way of life. It's not we don't have it. It's a way of life Shut up and we would have you shut up and leave me alone stopping so negative stopping such a unnegging Negging negative bitch. I told her that once we'd have you over more often if you would just stop criticizing and Come on. I wouldn't go over there more. You know what you did? She took it up and on she cranked it up and on yeah Criticizing and completely she's been watching emeral 9 minutes past noon at 5.60. WQM You know when a man is considering what to do about that grotesque ball spot. There are a lot of alternatives out there because everybody in there brother Now is perling you some kind of a her system or some kind of a bogus solution like those dangerous pills That just take the money out of your wallet or the mouse you look at pieces that look like maybe you had some animals eating their way through your roof And they just like fell on your head one day and you got up and walked out of the house looking like that How can a man in his position leave the house looking like that in a morning? You know Here's the answer for you chuck out for you. For over 35 years now Charles out here has been doing it right for sluppers and people would like medium income and multimillioners because no matter how much money You've got you can't get a better looking piece than the Charles out theory natural hairline system and right now Charlie's offering you an unbeatable deal He's offering you his summer special hair system for just 549 bucks for first time customers if you already have a piece You can say 50% on service and repair of all kinds of her systems including shampoo and trim In fact Bob Eisenberg who's one of our really umptious sales holes was in here this morning We used to laugh at Bob to his face and behind his back because he used to have a mousey muskware on a set a real real red one Looks like a silly goose And then we said hey how about what a Charles out here? At least look in half way decent and I would say when it came in a day He looked half way decent Charles out here. You got nothing lose, but that ugly ball spot because everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee if you don't love after 30 days the way it looks and feels and smells if you're not getting like a little liquor to here in there Returning for a full refund so it all wait called Charlie today can change your life wherever look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again call 1 800 3212413 That's 1 800 3212413 or log out with most prestigious website at Charlesofferie.com I like women I mean I love women But sometimes I can't find a woman who likes me That's why I'm glad there's a drive up jack in the box at my neighborhood Then you jack in the box sperm bank Perfect for the guy who can't find a woman when he needs one Oh, I guess the wrong jack in the box, you know, but I was kind of amusing. I mean I'll scale five get it my way all about that Yeah Hey, how the hell are you? Welcome to Jack in the box I'm Jack, and I'll be happy to fill your order if you know what I mean I'd like a Jack burger and a large fries. Sorry, Bound we're cleaning the grease fryer We don't have any french fries today. Okay, but they just give me a smaller to a fries Look chief, maybe you didn't hear me and I said we don't have any Fries today, so I'm about something else. Okay, then just give me an order of fries Listen up, hell, who put the straw on strawberry? They'd you do that's right? Make sure they know put the apenate brick on Nature does right nature dead now listen carefully who put the freak in french fries? There ain't no freaking french fries. That's what I've been trying to tell you, but breath three No freaking french fries now get out of my sight before I shut your teeth so far down You're f***ed throw the left to sit on a jack burger they eat it. Oh, and have an eyes nice day. Thanks, yeah It's a 360 what the hell happened all my spots, you know? I think somebody was in here interfering with my show And I was trying to like put all this all this crap in order Shame on you people, okay? Shame on you Everything is like out of order and all screw up in here. Don't forget in the gallows over there at the who does parking lot in the Qm van Southeast quarter of pines in university go buy and pick up your best in the CDs and the More Howard David and Keychain and the he might be there too and some of the stuff from my to this leftover Did he give you any updates any report? Not lately. Well, what does that mean is you're gonna give us a a departing time and E at a T L I'm sure okay, so go and see you and say hi five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line. Nobody Q a m Oh Yes, hi, how are you? I'm good how you doing? Really good. Oh, that was a shot. I didn't know what screen was today. It's just creamless Friday. How cool I have a question. I hope I don't sound like a like a giddy teenager here. Okay Bear with me, but you sound like a giddy teenager. So bear with me. I Remember that you knew or know Johnny Deft that he used to come into the studio He came in one son's day. Yeah, oh, um, because now let's see this 16 years ago. I never thought twice about him really because I guess all his movies were a little out there Yeah, but over the summer. I saw a Pirate to the Caribbean right I really enjoyed it. I enjoyed him. I thought he was a great looking guy He is a great looking guy. I haven't seen that movie, but everybody says his performance was sensation It's a blast. You know what it's it's a fun like a scape that's kind of movie, but if you just From knowing him, I think you get a kick out of it. It's really it's worth saying right I said, well, God I got a cool meal. I'm gonna you know what he was like, you know He was just you know an intense guy Can I give you one word to describe what he was like? Oh, yeah, okay hot Yeah, what's safe so wow It was a nice kitty was very friendly. He was a big fan of the show Of course he grew up in Miramar or Helen they were you know those in that part of the And so how did he come to to get on to your show? Did you where did you mean? I'm somebody set it up here He was in town with Greg Alman who unfortunately couldn't make it because he was stoned off his ass But and so somebody from some club was that the show they brought them in it like a six-thirty in a morning And he came on here for a couple hours and we took some pictures which I wish is the land and He was just fun and a lot of kids called in and people and whatever We really went to school with but but since that time He's become such a big star I'm sure he's forgotten about all of us Yeah, was he doing like TV then that jumps to show back then? I don't even know In fact, you know something I forgot all about that show 21 jumps treat. That was a good show I'd like to see because I've never seen it like I said I sure would like to jump to know what to do Okay, I just wanted to get your your input on him because like it's never thought twice about him so I thought it would be went Okay, we stood in a hallway there at Zeta in the I and Z building we stood in the hall together They took a picture of us with our arms around each other. You know I had it He had a black leather jacket on as a 16 years ago and see at that point I should have just grabbed it you know I'm saying I should just reach down there and just grab it just see what was like Those pictures would be nice to see now right? You bet Well have a very nice day you two ever great weekend Johnny Depp one of our favorite people on his show don't be mess with Johnny, okay? Who was great net wood if you watched the first the 20 minutes that's how you need to see? Eddie helped me Eddie And it kind of reminded me of some of the calls used to get like it to home George helped me George From my mom too, not not talking about from your mind. I'm talking about some a little bit closer to hogs your people Somebody who used to be on the floor right where you're sitting five six seven oh five sixty You have been eating and eating and eating and eating I got to get out of this place. No, no, seriously Like this is worse. See I used to get blamed for a lot of this stuff and I love how he's but there's some kind of a sickness going out with his place They don't bring in like a little bit of food for everybody. They bring in like like Tons it's how even people order here by the pound they're just order a little bit of food Oh, I have four pounds today guys. I have 16 pounds of food. I just get a sandwich that I have How many pounds could we bring in for Scott? How many pounds of food would he like today? Oh 100 How much George? About 30 man just to say in which that's all I get from them. Yeah, one a day. It seems to me that Maybe it's just my man. Well, I have to stop at some point. You know, I take a look What did the gal say do we have an update or not 200? 200 we have 180 like an hour ago. Well, he says it's slow so hit it pound it What the hell is going on out there this this is getting me really aggravated now and he'll be there until Whatever totally a crow flies a possessed 17, 120 but we only have 200 bucks today over there at the and this is in Broward, no less than Miguel is waiting with our best deal merchandise What I don't think we're going till too busy intersection too. Yeah There's 80 billion people in this town who are going to buy that intersection There is no excuse for people not to be buying their best deal merchandise today. They did what all 1400 On the other day whoever the was which we came Was I did a lot of good luck Mark did only 60 yesterday. I'm not kidding him and they're only doing 200 which means there's nobody listen Duff what they're all not going to sit here until two o'clock try to talk to there's nobody listen We have nobody well, that's why you need to do that one o'clock hour to get them listening. Okay. I'll do it I don't give a crap I'm getting out of here and I'm really excited about it Miguel is in the QAN fan that's in the hooters parking lot on the corner of Southeast the Southeast corner of Pines and University drives in very congested Broward. There was absolutely no excuse for you not to be the first in your block To pick up your best in your CDs in the very highly touted Mohour David Keechin and some of the leftover Mad dog made its key chains from last year and some of it last year senior of 2001 CDs That's that's I thought he was off to a pretty good start there for a while, right? These people need to be jump started. They need to be kicked in the ass and plus there's nobody here anyway Who's fixing? WQAM Hello, yes sir. Oh, Neil God. Oh, man. I was told to I haven't ran upstairs and motor fast But I forgot the facts number. I was called about You know, they were talking about the crazy religions definitely my voters with the born against but the Mormons are really out there And they got their out there There's a book out now called under the banner of heaven and it's a The count of these Mormon brothers who receive this divine vision to kill each other's wives and kids Oh, I also got George who knows this New annual porn queen called Bella Donna she's from a Mormon family No, she's from a Mormon family. She's an ale porn queen What an ass You'll find a better an in Bella's her and she's like the new hot young She does everything she's so dirty. I wonder she's done Brittany yeah, she ran away from like the Mormon household that she was in and And even seduced our young friend of hers another girl to come with and get into the porn industry All right, yeah, it's it's out there a pulse suggestion Yes, sir because I was having a little discussion with my dad about I think and I might want to get out of this crazy country and go to Canada And I was saying oh, it's so much better and there's only other better things and being a stone I couldn't call the mind any of the good points I heard on your show so a pulse suggestion is the best advantage of Canada over United States I'll give you right off the bat. It's not here It's not here. Right. Yeah Right that's the best one. Have a great day, pal. Thank you. See you 560560 while I give you like 70s out the reason the people are polite and friendly and Did you criminalization of the pot laws the relaxation which is coming up and the game erages and the Everybody is left alone and being progressive and forward thinking and not the supporting the Rack attack things like these Have enough common sense to do these things Of course we have some problems. We've got the bad meat now I'm a hills of the blackout and the SARS and the mad cow now we've got some tainted beef Hmm, yeah some bad meat Anybody out there ever get a hold of some bad meat? I have five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the 18 and they ain't good for you I'll tell you that right now put the eat pills up to that ooh lots V ones WQAM Neil and take shots. Yes, sir. Hey, you were talking about the talkley yesterday about what? Shopper or chocolate. Oh, oh chocolate. I thought you're talking about chocolate No, no, no, no, I'm chocolate. Hey, why you're still down here? I don't know if I have any Dan and I have you ever been to miss the field to why? Miss the field. Peppy fields. No, miss the field. This is fields cookies. Yeah. What is she got to do with chocolate? Everything what do you mean by that? Well, they have double-fudge brownies there that I think if you try those Well, you know what the Eden Center which is a big Shopping center the big mall and downtown to the matter. They have a miss this fields right there Well, do this get to in order of double-fudge brownies take them home Put them in the microwave maybe 15 seconds and then dip them in some nestle turtle ice cream Well, and put a whole lot of dollop of wood cream on top when a cherry a merchino or murchino cherry Okay, thanks a lot, fellas a brownie hound for you likes miss his fields. What not he's a brownie hound I'm not gonna try that. I got to lose some weight man. I got to lose that 35 elusive pounds The elusive butterfly. Huh? Yeah. I was doing pretty good the last couple of weeks up there and then I came back here and right off the bat You know same old crap never stops the cycle of death the cycle of death sitting around watching TV and eating and eating and sitting around watching TV Sitting on my answer. I haven't gotten up out of this chair since 10 o'clock. Oh, there you go. No, I'm just standing up for a second Christ, I don't want to have like another pulmonary embolism or something like that or some kind of a TIA or MIA like a president was the MIA A wall yeah, he was a wall. And you all these things. That's his brain that's MIA and common sense 26 past noon at five sixty w q and but I don't I don't know what the hell's going on here I think what happened is I had a page of the log misplaced and I'm a lot like a back-ass were here. I don't make indifference So help me if Miguel no kid let at least a 500 bucks out there what the hell's the point even going right This is the meat and potatoes of our fund raises is these vans hits and that's why Miguel sacrificed Bonding with the reen in here today. He's sacrificed at least a couple of hours of having a chance to be close and personal and sniff her essence spoon right It took a while there in a van and sit there or just boiling his ass off and probably the on air condition QAM van Waiting for you people to show up and you know cut loose a few bucks for abandoned pet rescue what the hell is the story here today god dammit When you wait and for Christmas Shavuist circus Sonic a let's go But that's depressing 200 bucks here he had one eighty before you can say to on mark a suck you know I mean he had like my wildfire and then that was it they shot their load VIP sportsbook calm is south for his best sportsbook everybody on this radio station is peddling in some Eighth world sports book from my countries that haven't been invented yet forget about them in fact 99% of these bookies they're talking about located in the jungles of Costa Rica like fill the bugman You might never see them again this year move up in class to VIP sportsbook.com because they're the oldest and the biggest sportsbook in the Netherlands the people you can trust they've been here. They're gonna be here and it's a hundred percent legal in license to Listen to me and call VIP sportsbook.com right now at one eight six six VIP bets and plunged your hearts Content with confidence to VIP sportsbook.com is south load is best sportsport sign up right now You can bet all the south photo football and basketball teams juice free there's that word again juice free all year long and And south photo the one thing we would love to be is juice free you want about on the dolphins It's 100 to 100 you want about the hurricanes it's 100 to 100 so forget about the big all Signups get a 20% cash bonus not some funny money match play bonus even if prestigious Dave Hagen knows that this is the place to call VIP sportsbook.com. That's the place to find a mine line or call one It's what you're smoking about Dave Hagen loves VIP sportsports.com and I guarantee he's plunging his brains up his wife says You don't have two nickels to rub together call them at one eight six six VIP bets That's one eight six six VIP bets and be sure and tell me what about it here on QM and facts You said you don't have anything else to rub either VIP sportsbook.com where you be the VIP 262 a You like famous people you like joining fancubs do you have absolutely no sense of human decency whatsoever Then join the Scott Peters in fan club. Oh, I so funky. There's no way you could kill Of course not that's why thousands of women are writing love letters to Scott in prison hoping to become the next lucky Mrs. Peters in I think I can change him. He hasn't me changing his so you When you sound like the perfect candidate for the Scott Peterson fan club Sign up now and you'll get a Scott Peterson poster a Scott Peterson buffer stickers and a set of Scott Peterson trading cards I'll trade you two Scott before and share for one Scott and you're in jumps to no way That's the most correctable one Membership in the Scott Peterson fan club also entitled you to receive personalized cards and letters from Scott himself Look I got a lot of them Scott He wants to marry me and take me fishing on our honey money So sweet once one lucky fan club member gets a chance to meet Scott face to face In the United two and stick reinforce last window every third Wednesday between the hours of one and one 15 Yeah, I hope he has your share that day. Yeah, that makes the look so homicidal issue Join the Scott Peterson fan club because you're almost as sick as he is 33 at five 60 WM there's another good reason to be in Canada Unless you make a mistake of watching CNN and RMS NBC you own here one word about Scott and Lacey Peterson Wow and of course we don't get Fox news. There's another good reason to be in Canada. We don't get Fox news Plus we do get movie Ola and the scream TV and the driving movie channel. There's three more good reasons Feds bust multimillion dollar drug ring guess where this is taking place this jury in Miami Details of a multimillion dollar money laundering and drug smuggling business become public today But federal authorities disclose specifics about the two kind of an operation the US DEA said a And whose conference by the US attorney's office in Miami will provide information about the four-year-long laundering operation of about 20 million 13 million of which has been seized by federal authorities the other seven million will take and split up here Primary transactions occurred between Fort Lauderdale, Florida and Columbia, but the testicle stretched into several other US cities Co-cane was among the drugs involved. How do you like that? Sources said 30 of 39 people have been indicted our custody 12 arrested in Columbia where they seem to have some kind of a problem Absolutely nine people weighed their first court appearances Yesterday in US district court and for Lauderdale three more to appear today The sources say the arrested include some Colombian suspects who were allured here to pick up drugs or money as part of the investigation One person was arrested in LA three in New York one in Chicago and at least one person They very dangerous new haven Connecticut The money was picked up at various locations turned and was in turn wired by to participants around the world in 80 days with Michael Todd Remember my Todd? No, you know he was one of Elizabeth Taylor's 85 husbands did Miguel call him with an update There he is right there if that's him. It's a sorry huh? 441 for this for $4 Well, that's double what we had a minute ago right now now you got to admit when I I said did Miguel call it with an update when the when the E in update when that Last letter of the morning while the same rang as I was speaking I am so damn good that it scares the crap out of me 16 9 20 and 400 is what 17,320 Well, the very least I want to get another 180 while his lovely asses out there today. Okay So get your ass out there. Let's do all the promos that'll kill some good time because we are going all the way to two Just to make tough and clearance happy Because I'm sure that they're feeling in the back of the mind and probably in the middle of the front two Well, those guys in there they're just really screw it off It was comedy, but anybody were paying him all of that money anybody can sit there and play a bunch of cards and crap, you know Well, I got news for a deaf hundreds you come here and do it you're simply idiot Now you know that's what they're thinking sure they don't have the balls to say that to me You do to my face even behind my back, but that's what they're thinking what to you leave town I screw him. I don't care. I don't really care. I see the what they do all day sitting around making up schedules Killing time Shmoosing going from room to room in a like pollinating like a goddamn honey bee either pollinating Oh, well, I'm checking him with the rail now. Hey Scott, how you doing? Okay, you know that's it. That's what they do We have expensive glorified babysitters is what we have good guys. I'm not kidding That would be bad So anyway McGirlas in the hood is parking lot on the esophic corner of Pension University drives in Broward and prestigious With our best in the Elmerchandice and you're gonna want to pick up that more Howard David keychain Yeah, and especially if they have any of these leftover You better get those as once those are gone forget about it. That'll be it and Are we we are gonna work on this for Rolong right we are working right all right? See I it hurts my throat just to try to do that. I can do it today because I was at that concert last night Oh, yeah, I want to just tell the story about the episode you had at the concert with the rude names or assholes We had great people in our great people in our session Titi's titties a pop in and I'm a titties in your section. Oh, yeah, not even connected just titties flopping around just loose And that which is good because I was there with my teenage daughter So she got a good education about how to behave at a concert when she's 18. Yeah, let's hope how old is your daughter? 15 very good. So I know 15 so we're in this 15 that means she's dating now So we had a funny day Not not nobody wants to hear about the big concert. They want to hear about your daughter And such as it is not not dating individually like you know They know somebody's picking up and going on day. How do you know that? How do you know that they're in stuff going on at school like behind oh no whatever knows that You know when pulls up an emergency goes off you know what I'm saying Oh, wait she's at home at night in the US. She's got them off Places at night on the weekend because she's a lovely little girl right She's not a little girl anymore. She's lovely young taller than me. Yeah, I ain't say much Did she really? Yeah Take it up to mama that way yeah, I Know that way mama's a feet tall by the way. Yes George comes up to work for anyway and these asshole need let us out Of our sexually wanted to leave yeah, and you were a little busy need that assholes just a tad good That's what it took but I was polite. I'm still I'm not one of those. I'm not a belligerent drunk I'm the other kind the modeling drunk the I love you man kind of drunk. I was polite as excuse me They stand there with their arms folded like I'm not going to budge Like to what? But what is that? What does that mean? Is that just part of the rudeness in the unanswered this time welcome to town. What is it? I'm gonna be a candidate they didn't pull that crap. I Still think that that the stones concert in Canada in Toronto with a half a million people without any any Kind of really incident of any significance 500,000 people on a boiling hot day Is it shocking? It's just you almost can't even relate to it. Yeah, you know what I mean? I know what you mean now the best part of that thing last night Yeah, you've been there you've been to the you would see the back street boys there in the pouring rain Great, thanks a lot Woody by the way nearly got pneumonia like what I'll never forget that when we walked out of there But anyway pouring rain last night also, but you know how they have the big lawn area where they seat People right they People's were lipstick in everywhere Where inch of sod from that lawn area was torn up and used as a project I got sucked in by the back street boys and They threw the sod as projectiles all because I thought they were really singing and everyone got covered And they were great and of course that I find out that they can't sing the word of a paper sack outside of the studio from head to toe 20 till one and also we got today six to eight George will be at the new solid golden for Lauderdale That's his new hanging it out place on the northwest corner of open federal have the best of stuff there. I'm sure And there might be some other best of stuff as well that you can grab a hold of also tomorrow Bill Siles Boulevard of Savings the little George will be there on Northwest 36th street He especially wants to send a personal invite to the guy with the eyes and the guy with the fanning pack and jack with a hands That's Bill Siles Northwest 36th street just twice to 27th I would get the best in the ill enjoy free food from a 90 city Subcenter drinks from thickens cider from a low to one tomorrow jack's teeth are way more interesting than his hands. Are they really? I never noticed the clothe I could never get that close by the way. There are some people with really bad breath I just I just mentioned I'm not talking about you, but no, there's some people with really bad breath and I don't like it You know I mean I'm not talking about anybody in particular I just know some people who have very bad breath and it is annoying is held a mean I wonder if I've ever seen this amazing thing called a toothbrush or even thought about sticking it in their mouth I'm the toothbrush don't just choose a little bit of gum How about a little juicy fruit? I'll just let that one go. I know you will I don't necessarily I'll though I take a little peek 19 before 105-60 WQM when you got up this morning into the deep breath What were you breathing if you're tired of the schmutz the molds for the dust particles and all the other crap in you here Or maybe you have a mold problem. Here's the number to call 1-866-542-4995 because that's the number four clean air restoration I talked to these guys couple of days ago and they told me how they can help you get you here clean and really do a job for you If you have respiratory problems, rallies, these call them at 1-866-542-4995 right now You spend hundreds of thousands of dollars on your home, but not a penny to ensure that the air Your breathing is clean does make any sense to me the air filter system on your conditioning system is there to protect the AC coils It's not intended to filter the air you breathe. There have a filtered air handling systems take out almost all of the airborne Particulate including mold spores that can potentially produce nasty micro toxins animal dander dust mites insecticide dust Yeast sell skin flakes building material dust a bunch of crap that you don't want in your lungs clean air restoration Aslations and ensure their employees have been in the business for over 25 years, so needless to say they know their crap Right now clean air restoration has a needle deal for you for just 1995 the conduct of visual mold assessment of your house. They'll inspect your AC unit AC air ducts your home interior and your attic too from there that can suggest what you might need to make the inner home cleaner And say for two clean air restoration handles mold related insurance claims commercial and residential projects too To improve the quality of your life. I'm proving the quality of the air that you and your whole family are breathing and even your animals to call 1866 542 4995 clean air restoration making your air fit to breathe 1 866 542 4995 My This is 425 Are you Absolutely no single artist embodies the spirit of summer like Gordon Lightfoot are you serious? Absolutely and now Gordon Lightfoot takes the melody from the wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald and turns up the heat on your favorite Summer songs on his new album Gordon Lightfoot sweats out summer I'm gonna do but I know you're both a summer time Yes, Canada's own Gordon Lightfoot is heating up the great white North with our red hot version of this Love and spoonful classic Just wait until you hear Gordon Lightfoot's novel approach to summer's most famous Navalty saw Put your toes in the sand then your fingers in your ears and get ready for Gordon Lightfoot's rendition of this hit from the Cheney You'll want to stick this collection where the sun don't shine in your CD player It's Gordon Lightfoot sweats out summer He ain't no Alan Sherman. I'll tell you that that's for book a brand 12 it is before 1 at 560 WCM 249 votes in a pool not to impressive as a matter of fact Of course, who would it help could be here now? It's so holiday weekend, right? Right? And they said there's gonna be more people traveling in this country this year's the annual last eight since 95 This is the last gasp weekend to eighty 84% by car though because we have a lot of pussy's out there and they're a little a bit of a scared They just don't want to wait online for five hours waiting for someone to search them and all that did you see the lines? They were showing on the news report where was this? Airport you name it no at you name the airport now all these lines no yeah well maybe maybe today Because it's Labor Day weekend. Well, I mean if you got any brains you don't leave everybody else's leaving you find the You know you do a more creative way of doing it you get to be a little bit more clever than that if you can if you can well What is the world is away okay? Anyway, we got 300 and some odd votes on a pool. Who do you think is or was the most dislike media person South photo? 350 to be exact right now Rick Sanchez. He's got it. Licked he's looking at 179 Mohour David it a good showing is usual from all but a distant second only 93 not even a hundred five 60 WQAM oh 560 bucks. Well, that's pretty good. You see once I bitched them out or once they had time to figure out that they'd go over and give Miguel a little squeeze I squeeze it 17,000 for 80 you didn't ask him that's time he calls asking where the hell he was on Monday because we can't remember Because we did 14 and her bus there was pretty good for our opening salvo Right right Monday or Tuesday whatever day it was whatever and Because yesterday in case you two did late Joe and Mark raised 60 bucks for a band and pet rescue I would just put my tail between my legs and go right to the bottom. We didn't have beef no that's not that's terrible I'd have put up the 60 and saved them the trouble going No seriously I'd have put up to 60 bucks. It's small potatoes. It's nothing 250 votes Rick Sanchez 179 more Howard David at 93 George Rodriguez 23 you moved into the third place nice going George Hank Goldberg 21 the old Rogers 20 I'm on your ass Dockies narrate 12 and Greg beat only for nobody has any idea who that man is He was at Brandy's how could we forget oh That's right our fine sponsor Brandy's boy George tradference gonna be really porked off at me He was with Troy at Brandy's on whatever day it was That's why everybody but they're to see Troy. I told you he draws a crowd. He does draw crowd people like rubbing his bald spot. He's a good guy You know this morning. I got to be honest with even though I'm a dotting old man I'll be 61 in November. I mean 61 is just I'm so freaking old it's terrible But this morning I had my first fist experience now not the kind of you're probably thinking about Huh yeah I think I will be right No, you never know sometimes I shock as well. I think other people usually Well just because they have a record I haven't heard of yet Anyway, like I started to say he rift stended his black and he's got a hard hand by the way He's got a well football, you know football. He's got a hard-knuckle hard fist. Yeah, that would hurt No, no, they didn't hurt and I we did the a fist thing, you know It's for the uses lotion and I thought it was the Pris lotion on his uh knuckles on his basket But in any way and I thought to myself what that sure makes me hip and cool not I'm not not really I don't I'm not sure what see cuz and again and all the pans you have to be very careful Because when somebody who's hip and cool like Troy extends you're hitting off they just put the fist out like this You have to do the the That's how and yeah, but I'm saying that's that's that's passe Right, but if he would have done that I would have had to do this and then I'm topping on a bun That's out now it's just this and of course you get it from the jokks the jokks at a first ones to like fist each other What happens that way? Yeah, mostly in the locker room of course when nobody's looking and now it's out of the rock locker room And now it's out in the open they're fisting which is really disgusting, but nevertheless it seems to be very popular Bracom if you really saw in that cuz it reminded me of the time that Greg came in here I'll never forget as long as I live the book came out and as usual we kicked the ass We were you know and he's putting on a phony congratulations with you even though he hates you like poison and he did the it was back the It was one of those high five oh it was just a high five no was a low five was it? The low five thought it was high no it was a low five high five five No, you know what I mean yeah, no as a poet see I I'm sorry I just I'll call me old fashion, but it's so much easier especially when you're seen I'll just remember hey, this is the way you shake hands like this 100 years ago keep changing changes every week now I'm sorry I can't keep track to lose latracks I can't keep track of how I'm supposed to do to be hip and cool even on my squares the cardboard box I don't I have no idea nor do I want to know you know, but well, but I mean he did he just extended in such a way You know right and when somebody like him extends something to me and such a way Make a decision whether We're upon a participant or not and of course in his case that was as far as we were going You know you got pounded it. Yeah, how big of a part and you pounded it? Your fists I pounded it with my fist. I don't think so 567 05 60 pound 560. Okay, I'll do the what you said pound 560 that's what we got that's we got out there at the at Hooters On the southeast corner of Pines in university. I don't know if we really have a if we listen here's the deal I will do The one or two would know a best of stuff. Well, we'll just do the regular hour today We're like phase back in even though Monday being a holiday George is working which he shouldn't have to but he is But Monday do whatever it had you want playing all kinds of right music But today we swing back in the real thing then starting Tuesday We're good back to doing like a real show and stop pretending we're doing but if If we can get that thing up to a thousand today. That would make it worthwhile. Oh, sure. Yeah Probably I think there's a lot of people out there should pay like 20 bucks or 40 or 50 just to go on and shake Miguel's hand sure This system just to fist him a little bit would be good for a hundred Huh? He might be a little more out by the end of it in fact to re-my-peel a little jealous But nevertheless not to mention his lovely wife 17,000 for 80 which means we did what we got for What are we doing? Hey, you got me confused. No, we got three 60 of they right? I don't know five six to you. I don't know what you're talking about five 60 WQAM see every time I say five 60. I'm conditioned to do an ad 600 What are you laughing about? You're thinking about twisting Miguel. I know you 17,520 That whole thing was just Seeing that why you make me think about that it wasn't bad enough that he started last year with it or two years ago with the eating ass And got maddie bill all bad. I was shaping nearly got Dwight Loderdale candid channel 10 that was bad enough now He's doing this fisting crap, you know This is the kind of stuff that I have to try to overcome on his show to keep a nice family Ambiance on his program as MoWoods here on the program. Oh, I'm so sorry 560560 and and I'm telling you I don't see enough a lot of action We're doing screenless here. I see only two lines ringing. That's not it doesn't vote well For dust one to two hour. WQAM Speaking yeah, it's good afternoon meal. How are you? Oh, okay? Yeah, I just wanted to tell you something regarding Mo Howard Yeah, I used to work for the New York jet years ago And I live in New York and I still say it touched with the people up there right and you know They can curl you wholeheartedly that he is what I did that one of the most Bifel can be virtually evil each assistant miserable person absolutely You know the picture you have on your web page of him I I sent it up to a couple of people up there and they were like yeah, that's you pretty much Cassidy essence of Mo Howard. Yes, he really is people people think that I'm making it up I couldn't manufacture anybody as evil as he is you know, I like that the people I used to work I worked for the did it take the department, but you know I stayed in touch with a lot of people in their organization And the ones you know the work and media of it. Yeah, nobody likes so maybe it's incredible You know, it's the fan that somebody could be looked so down upon yeah, he is universally despised and reviled by virtually Everyone is even ever smelting Well, you don't need I told you a while about next in chapter a web page to you I don't know if you have had a chance to look at it of IPL dot org I don't think so I don't know you like to refarm publications And on this web page when I I did check that out. I haven't written that up in Toronto I do well check that now from time to time Yeah, it's really a good source of information for anybody and I I mean I live off of it Because I did travel from time to time and before I go to a city I just pull up their newspaper I pretty much know where I'm gonna be going what I'm gonna do before I get there right I knew it was you have a good holiday weekend And you too, thank you. Thanks for the report. Okay, bye. Thanks. sinners and update beyond a shadow of it out he is reviled at salute universally My I look oh This is 420560 Wait Do our Stuff right now on cattle safety face baby. They're doing it baby McCody On the way Haven't been a daddy since yesterday Heather's expecting Weekend with it out But it doesn't make me want to twist and shout No, but I still stay long. I still change my verse When this keeps growing up, I will be dead Better stop up now on baby white birds My King Oh Baby McCody Don't give me no rest I am not much better off than he bends Don't know if the kid will be a singer Just hope it's healthy when it finally comes What the job to have 10 toes in fingers I like it's Baby McCody You're daddy's elderly One new word could just let me 103 are new favorite videos on right now channel beta face what's it called? And ganyana, which means fold but it's feminine words And ganyana Oh The blind at the time she's so hot that if I were of that persuasion I'd be having the TV set Where it her issue is she just showed up oh she's just that there she is No, no, not that blonde no the whole take her no, no the other one's like makes her look like a We're going with this crap look at this. She's sitting and he's got his hand up her ass look at that Back to him. This is our kind of showboys. We're supposed to leave it on to me I know they find the ass. They always nick it as a jibber. He had like a little sock in front of his a private look at this. This is unbelievable It's a cat fight Wow Always love that channel fainted face baby. That's the best that is a show I'm serious and look at this they're gonna do it right there on camera Well she was thinking about it or he was five six seven oh five sixteen now. This is the hour This is what tough wanted baby Clarissa Dufft is said will he really do it or is he just gonna take his way through again? Now we're gonna do it, but I don't see anything on the phone. I see one call and you want to know why because it busy watching his show WQAM Speaking Sounds like me. Hey, how you doing pretty good how you pretty good. Hey, when are we gonna get rid of mowing get in that fresh cup of Joe? Good good suggestion you like that Yeah, get rid of mowing get a fresh cup of old Joe Sounds excellent have a great day. Sounds like a plan man. You too have a happy a Labor Day weekend Everybody will see ya cuz I'm busy watching the TV Or if they would we want we want one for me. Oh, we want it I would you and even a sky who's in the sack here a two bed you know the one it's got that the schmata on his head He's got a bloody stump five six And with all the action on this show believe me it's You couldn't blame anybody for having a bloody stump good god. They never put it away You're a five six seven. Oh five sixty Five five sixty. Yeah, you can always tell that you're looking up with somebody so I got a lot of action when that baby is really raw Okay, that right now when I think he's like just like pepper with cigars that word come back again papyrus like onion skin as opposed to like four skin Oh, we even got a call online nine from that asshole. WQAM We knew it It was an S by the way what he said. Yeah, you're more on you and idiot you're in the show and of course all that crap Oh, I'll just be fan. Yeah, you're an idiot get some mental help. Okay. WQAM A million people every year didn't even have was no major incidents quarter million people twice year at the No major incidents Doing what you talking about the watching cars go round and round A little bit different than a rock concert you moron okay and by the way, stay right now where you aren't keep picking you nose idiot Son of a car races But I can't do anything of course the incidents there generally on the track when people are getting killed all over the place And all the rubber neckers are watching it five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty whoever heard of a rock concert would have been in people where they're on a whole bunch of you know Crack going on right and it's got well what's up? You're you sound as boring as this town is here you're one of the reasons I'm delighted is hell to be getting a hell out of here You're making me ecstatic just thinking of your dull horrendous negative voice to just a tone Kind of turns my bone and they downwork can a direction connection WQAM QAM Pretty good George is talking about a hundred percent correct. I notice it's a movie You try to get out of the aisle and normally I'll stand up with somebody come by but now here They sit there as like oh They scoop back maybe an eighth of an inch. This looks like an output of Lego You know one guy put his leg up so is there is an impediment like a A blocking point I also notice that course at the I don't know what are we call the macarine or the We call now same damn thing so what I do. I'm a pretty big guy I'm just plow right through you know and oh excuse me I'm sorry Can't get in pushing and I just pretend you're an Amsterdam and just push everybody else out of the way the way the day do it I know I'm a great week and you too. Thank you Yeah, if you're in a midst of a bunch of rude people when in Rome You know screw the Romans. That's what I say 56705 60 looks like he's thinking about it right now look at that that's all he doing It shows this dinner if they're not doing it. They're like preparing to do it or thinking about having just done it or Can really do it again. It's all he do on the show 56705 60 that's the reason going to be tough now because we got everybody tuned into channel 23 even people I leave the volume even if people I hate you folks don't you QAM What is it I like six year olds with soil panties. Oh great. Yeah, we're happy for you. Trace the call. WQAM So they all it's probably one of the people going to see a bill-sidal tomorrow. Yes, sir. Is it still sounds like me? Oh, how are you doing? Do you have brandys there's first appearance? I'm gonna bring your parents Your first appearance with a girl with the brandys during the week and brandys shoes. That's right. Well, thank you so much Now everything we can you too Ha ha ha ha ha ha Oh, see I told you this one to our bad mistake, but again you got two program directors near two experts Oh, please do the one to bad mistake your fools your fools both the man We can be sitting here and enjoying our new impeny auto whatever the hell is show is and It is better and it's better our new tulupa and Instead of that we got to like put up with the idea tier for a while The wheelchairs are programming brain. Yeah, these are the brain trust you missed it I mean look wait for a second the red head jumped on the wheelchair. Oh, and then she got busted. I'll be damned They're just a bunch of people hop on on each other and try to hop on each other and grab it each other and slam each other against the wall This is a typical Cuban family, of course even though the red is away Probably but this guy's probably paralyzed and went down and she jumped on it anyway Fight she jumped on it. Five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on a 18 and two boys and lime. We got what yearning Are you nine hundred nine hundred we had six hundred last time we call that's pretty good The leap yeah, and we got that's excellent Thank you folks you're coming through even during the holidays So let's see nine gives us 17,820 so it'd be nice to get to 18,000 That would be that would need another 180 18,000 by the end of the day for a band and pair rescue Don't forget get out there the best of meal stuff all I merchandise including the world famous Mojouard David at keychain There you go you can play you like liking sit behind people in at various events and just stick it right behind your ear and play Stuff like that and they'll freak out. They'll think that the mole myster is there. No, she had on spell So don't forget what's his name Miguel is that the who does parking lot in the Qm fan right now Something corner pines in university if you speak to him real ice in a right language you might like invite you in for a little tumble in the back for a few seconds French I But you're print you said the right language oh French if you give like a little French kiss 560 pound five sixty you give a lot of idiots a star, but that's what they wanted that's what you guys wanted Okay, I was like a little bit of a tower. We had good calls today. I didn't take a whole lot of them But we didn't have too many idiots today. No, not totally. This hour language you might like invite you in for a little tumble in the back for a few seconds French I beg your friend you said the right language oh French if you give like a little French kiss 560 pound five sixty give you a lot of idiots a star, but that's what they wanted that's what you guys wanted of this hour We had good calls today. I didn't take a whole lot of them, but we didn't have too many idiots today No, not totally this hour language you might like invite you in for a little tumble in the back for a few seconds French I beg your friend you said the right language oh French if you give like a little French kiss 560 five eight five three four forty two eleven that's one triple eight five three four Forty two eleven be sure and tell them that Bob Eisenberg's a close personal friend and how you admire his nice piece Don't forget all Neil deals something to credit approval see our friends in Aleford it tales Hallowed potty at GMC when you buy a car there once when you make a deal you'll agree with me They really are professional great A bitch absolutely very man. Hello. He's had a ton of hits, but none is painful as the one he took when he walked into a wall and broke his nose And now Barry's singing about it in his brand new CD Can't smell without you with fractured versions of Barry's hits like Coca-Bana As well as a remastered and really nasally version of Mandy recorded at the moment of impact Oh But that's not all Barry Mannellos can't smell without you is swollen with hits you nose and love like I break the shnuzz I made it through the pain looks like I broke it and a title track with Barry's trademark look Barry Mannellos can't smell without you walk into a wallmark and pick up a copy today 117 at 560 WQM happy Friday to a happy Labor Day Which is kind of ironic because it's a Labor Day holiday when most people don't labor just I don't know just kind of dumb But it's nice to have a holiday. Don't we like holidays especially in this business Now well, there's that one call it could be the retire guy again because he's the only one to call us on six But stuff came in here trying to give me a pep talk about how great this is the one to our which is full of crap and we know it WQAM Because he has a guilty conscience. Yes, sir. Hey Neil. How you doing? Pretty good. All right. Um, until what time is uh, we go to be there Till you get to you leave with your stuff Um, you know, oh, you making any other appearances for the best of oh yeah All the time why not your sheet on it where are you? We have a sheet on it. We have a sheet on it like we're the next two appearances Or we're the sheet. I don't see the sheet So when you've been reading from all day. Oh, I see He's talking about the I thought he's talking about McGill. He wants to see McGill Let me go It's something else I'll go up with McGill and they check out some of that fist action. No, George George is gonna be six to eight tonight at the new salad golden for lottery I'm gonna go for a scorn of open in federal with McGill and a corner of Oakland and federal Okay, but don't make a federal case out of it. And tomorrow George will be a bill-side of boulevard of savings north for a 36th we just was 27th Avenue All right, got it Thank you He's gonna come by and buy a whole bunch of stuff, but we better be up to 18 grand right now I'm gonna be really porked off We had 17,820 at the last call over there at the Ouders parking lot go over and check out a couple of hooters a few of them We girls got them just laying around loose not connected anybody and We got the best meal merchandise including those very highly rated Low-hawered David it's he changed mentioned my name and he'll probably say Oh, like I said mention my name. He'll probably say See there you go 560 pound 560 on the AT and T line former minister sentence to life on sotomy conviction Lou, Louisa Kentucky. I never heard of that did you I thought it was gonna say Louisville, but slow-Eisa A former Baptist minister who fled the courthouse before being convicted of sotomy was in court Thursday When he was sentenced to life in prison plus 20 years Truman Evans 57 disappeared July 1st is the jury deliberated. That's a sign of an essence of I've heard one Evans walked outside the Lawrence County court how saying he needed for a share and fled Bye bye The FBI found Evans on July 16th and the Department of Red and Geneva, Ohio On Thursday Evans of Louisa sat silently behind his to be sad as attorney as Judge David Hagerman be read it in for his crimes There needs to be some concrete walls between you and young children Hagerman told the handcuff Evans was flanked by arm deputies Prosecutors this is a Baptist minister Prosecutors said Evans forced to child to perform oral sex on him and attempted another to force another do the same Evans had testified the last day of his trial that his accuses made up the stories about being molested because he had spanked them Jurors deliberated 35 minutes before convicted Evans a first-to-reached sotomy on a 70-year-old boy and Criminal attempt to commit first-to-reached sotomy on a nine-year-old girl jury recommended a life sentence plus 20 years Oh The judge said given the evidence against Evans 35 minutes was a reasonable amount of time for the jury to liberate There you go, and if that wasn't good enough Sex offender minister gets out of prison this in Lakeland, Florida a real mugwamp Yahoo place. There would be in Lakeland Don't You know who lived in Lakeland? How can I don't hear him? There he is Well, he is we don't want to overdo it The Reverend Kenneth Basley is a free man having served he loved months of a 30-month prison sentence for having sex with a teenager in his care Basley 38 a surfer years is later of the central Baptist community ministries in West Lakeland Resign the position in February 2002 following his arrest on five counts of sexual battery on a child How do you like that? At the time he was already in the Pope County jail. He was in the polky for failing to register his addresses a sex offender a charge stemming from his 83 offense for which he was sentenced to probation Basley was sentenced and made 2001 to a two years for the failure to register charge and yati adi adding Yo, I'm on the nose 560 let's get those phones smoke in man or Duff is gonna really ruin his whole weekend You know won't bother me because I don't really give a crap but tough since he's the one behind this whole crazy s concept And look at that there's only one line we're gonna get some line six. WQA. I'm desperate line Yeah, how many of the guys have been who to show stuff? I'm your friend. I'll wait The guys gonna be a who to show in the arrogance to tell you by your stuff in the leave Till to a clock. Thank you. Okay, I'm just saying till to a clock. I made that up Well, he haven't only don't want to come back here too soon because the ring might start hitting on him again He's so tired of that smell. You know, he can't stand it and I don't blame him 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line You know you're sitting in there laughing, but I think he's got an excellent point You want to know why it takes forever to get that taste and smell how do you system you got it Henry? Oh And by the way, lose some weight you fat cow Jesus, I still can't get over how it looked like somebody took a gigantic amount of bicycle pump But you know the arrow hoses and I'm not not the ones that you put air in your tires But like the vacuum you know the big vacuum things they have the gas station that you vacuum your car out with it Look like somebody for one of those hoses up Henry's ass and just just Pumped it pumped him up. Maybe Henry Barrow could be governor of California. They pumped him up. What's that now? He said Neil That's a thousand Yeah, that's it. What? Meal meal as in meal Rogers? So we got a thousand bucks. I never I never dreamed we could do it. I'm I'm in shock So I'm trying to figure out I'm trying to work scrap right now So if we started at what have what do you start? I mean we got 18,000, 120. Let's hear it I've gone Miguel and he's still there for like a to one of our he feels like leaving for another half hour anyway So 18,000, 120 Which means early part next week will be over the 20,000 mark and we're really only starting to get this thing organized right now Right and once we get those for ralec heat change It's gonna be really Again, there's no town how big that'll be you know what I'm saying absolutely 204 votes for Rick's and that says who do you think is or was the most dislike media person in South Florida ever Rick's and says 204 Well how are David in 106 George Rodriguez 27 Hank old bird 25 Neil Rogers 24. We're within three like the three of us. We're small potatoes though Spoky's the raise got 20 she's moving on up and poor Greg details got only five out of four hundred eleven votes only five people though who you are Greg Well, no, and that's got to be the answer to the question because anybody knows who he is he would get their vote Right anybody know who's who that be Greg. Be down W to Q I am W to Q I am Yes, sir. Hey, or you pretty good Is Let me hang on that list I don't think he's a South Florida mean you personally He said his or was oh, that's right. That's a good point was I think that's an excellent addition Okay, and then He ain't here Did you put you put dockies on a question? Because what because George is like her? Well, she's already got the 20 votes so much for a lot of people I'd like to nominate somebody that that turned my stomach as much as Belky's turned on just something joy perdi on on channel four party joy Do I pretty party P you are the wife here has a pretty mouth the worst Hey, can I ask you something about one of your drop-in to have been bugging me for sure going in the The one where the guy said I hate this place not works here. We're gonna come for a double week Where did that come from George? He's twice Nothing works here Where did that come from that came from an HBO America undercover special called inside Bellevue about Bellevue hospital And that is a genuine Bellevue and maintenance Brian wow I thought perhaps that was like from some some movie or something I mean that just now it's a little sad no one that but I don't know he was hysterical. He was great. I don't feel bad He's a final He's like that's 30 or 40 times Absolutely okay, we're gonna be happy. We're gonna be happy He feels bad 26 say he just couldn't look at this Oh, okay, you remember his facts is I'm gonna bet you any mole not no mole Because they just they know what they refuse to stop. They just refuse to stop It's like that little jury creep, you know, in fact see what they don't realize is that luckily in our fact machine the pages come up Asked backward right so you can see through the through the back of the page you can see the what's on the other side So when you see that's squiggly writing or you immediately know who it's from and so I reach over without even ever having to look at the front of it And immediately gets your head can and I say yeah speaking of inside Bellevue Yeah, these crazy people we might as well be inside Bellevue with all the lunatics we have to deal with no He's factors 27 pet well they're especially this week loading up heavy because they know that when I'm back in Toronto next week that you don't send a lot of those really good things Don't share really good stuff with me. I waste my facts paper up there I wish by the way I have a hell of a lot and I got a really good setup up there I like this piece of crap studio here Hey, you have kids go back to college. Well if you do why not give one of the comforts of home a great new bed from dialo mattress By calling 1-800 mattress you can order a new mattress and dialo mattress for your college student and Send them up right in that off-camera as apartment. They're gonna be screwing their brains out in when you call 1-800 mattress this week Ask about their low prices on surd a perfect sleepers a great option for students Consumers rated surd a perfect papers a best buy and the dialo mattress as you'd expect there would even better buy Special student deals on twins and fools and great prices and all sizes and comfort levels of surd a bedding to and it doesn't matter Where the college student be going if they're staying in South Florida or headed to Philly Boston, New York, Washington Rochester Business Institute RIT University of Buffalo whatever because the bedding experts at dialo mattress will make them feel like they're right at home Get that surd a bed for them now by calling 1-800 mattress You'll get service like people only dream about from the delivery team ranked the best in the universe in customer satisfaction When you call dialo mattress like always you pick the day for delivery any day seven days a week and aim to our window From 8 a.m. until 10 p.m. your kids will be sleeping like a baby the very first night And maybe they'll be sleeping and making babies with low prices same day delivery free setup and removal it's easy to see By dialo mattress is ranked the best anywhere customer satisfaction and everybody gets a student discount to a dialo mattress So color right now 1-800 mattress to your kids a big favor 1-800-MATTR ES or check them out on the web at mattress.com We're supposed to be a 5-6-1 You a yeah I didn't know you liked it. No, it's a man like me thing to do and I like men With that oh Wow Now, did you paint the side of this thing like I asked you? Oh 5-6-4-0 radio just like you said our dance is high Let me get a good look Well, I mean I'm all right now. I got a bent over the sea It's my damn old Where? It's time to bend over the side wall to see it's that same Yeah Why is it so good Yeah, don't you get pushed me over born I Why You D Really What is called Oh wait We're waiting for a wonderful You think a bullet that I don't trick why I We're at least we're on shore Yeah, the wood that is it and not a fine message got me in poop Yeah, let's see who dropped in here. Yeah Hey, fellas doing I'm Georgie. That's my uncle sister jam outing this here's my brother and my pal Marble I'm a name does that be all the bushings and honor the greatest president in this country ever had George Washington buzz Well, it's really sweet. Yeah, you ain't going anywhere sister. Oh, see yeah my good Christian friend You're your Georgian get on your knees. You're too girlfriends But wait, I'm a boy you sure sound funny, but I love you Don't That fight down tell that you'll get you going Yeah Yeah, you'll be better like a woman in no time I got it back I should have told you I didn't feel now Yeah 26 till 256 WCOM He's really getting into it sounds like to me for 138 votes on a lot of the Getting into somebody Who do you think we got to get Larry King on there? I know Eric's probably not paying any attention anymore because he figures this all done He's probably not paying no attention But nevertheless Larry King's a good suggestion to bet we didn't think about that earlier because he hasn't been here in a cool stage But a lot of people are like Larry too much down here. They don't cotton to him because he ripped off a lot of folks down here They were paying back no no made millions and millions. He still making millions ever paying anybody back a dime down here No, just stuck it to him. Hey, Jeff. I hope you listen in your office because there's only one call on a board on screenless right now He says it's on there He just put it under it's on one on fire. Okay, just relax don't everybody get all done out of shape catch what I'm saying. Oh, okay good Larry Sortle it'll pop up next time. It's refreshing and it's mild 560 50 50 50 50 on the 18 and T if horizon line. Let's get this your one erotic You're okay. Let's show that Dufferie knows this crap. Okay, then we really got to get this thing go to two o'clock again or not WCOM Okay WCOM Yes, sir. Oh, chronic yeah Mr. Negative Mr. Heavy breathing hostile negative WCOM hello week Lane phony WCOM Yes, sir. How you doing now pretty good? This is it you know, I think it's funny. I think it's funny hearing all those both it You know, first of all guys are real apple Yeah, it's been for back But once they got to get them credit for and what's that sir? He's out of flag Yeah How does he know yeah, how can you be sure that especially with all being the rape pee and all of these bits? My Julio friend WQAM Yeah, you know how you doing pretty good. I was in Canada this summer Vancouver Yeah, really had a great child that's a beautiful city good Did they been there? No, I have not That is uh well, I could move there in a heartbeat. I didn't have everything down here called That is really beautiful That's why everybody tells me that It's it's It's the people are nice speaking English Everybody gets along and sounds kind of like Toronto to me everybody speaks English Yeah, but he gets along Yeah, I used to go to Toronto. I lived in Detroit a lot many years Right, well, that's unfortunate Yeah, that was good that you got out of there anyway But if you ever get shit to go by man clover boy is really protective of it Okay, and you too. There's a guy at Tottenham Vancouver, right? I want to go. Okay. Go to Whistler BC Okay 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T the Whistler knows and the Shadow knows The radio of hot springs you can smoke some some really good rope up there in Whistler BC WQAM Now what's that all about? WQAM hello Hola Hello, yes sir For you please speaking Neil, how are you? Pretty damn good good. Hey, I'm Neil. I am contact from Amsterdam about three weeks ago. I'll be damned. Was my first visit there and I loved it. I had a great time. Now you're not the guy that was standing in the hotel room next door to me there on your Okay, I fact I my wife We were on the tram set of how you think you're gonna run into Neil and I said I Neil has not been talking nicely about this Placeletly so I don't think we're gonna speak in man. I was just there. I know I know and then I heard that you were there Well, I see you you're you're locked out. I mean, you know I have if you've been to a place hundred times and then you have a couple of bad experiences You can't just give up on it, but I will say and everybody I've talked to agrees with me They went through a period of time when the tourism was way down and there were no tourists there like back in May and back in a wintertime And it was it was definitely there. We just very boring, but but starting again I guess in late July and August it really picked up again. Well, we really we really loved it And we were looking forward to going back there again Neil what I wanted to let you know was that the first day we got there We took the number four tram where we up to the city center and we got off just before rainburns went in right and We walked into this we were looking for a place to eat and we walked into this little Mexican restaurant and we sit down and I told my wife Honey that is Celia Cruz that they're playing a CD of and she goes you know tell you who I said you know a Cuban lady who died in what in the front page of the Sun Sentinel for two weeks is that it? Exactly Neil so she goes forget it. How would you know? So the waiter comes over and I said excuse me, sir is that Celia Cruz I mean Neil He says yes We were in morning for her here a couple of weeks ago Yeah, I want to hear sure. Maybe a little Mexican restaurant they were Well, yeah, but the ocean I'm still and knows from no Celia Cruz. I think that But the guy was blonde, you know, and he looked at me I'll still believe Incredible. Well, thanks for the good news, pal. I And I say I was gonna have a conversation with him. He's listening to something He was done because I was gonna tell my no exactly the restaurant where he's talking about I'd never been in there I know exactly where it is right there and I I'm Brian playing Not too far from McDonald's and also from the falafel place where the rumors won't say it and actually paid for their own food on the Rember on plan. How do you know that? Because I wouldn't have stood okay I was actually there and well, I didn't say I didn't go in there with him. I don't think see if you'd take in your camera I didn't win the with a lot's while I paid for their awful, but they told me it was very good. I'm never had falafel Now there is something that's because there are other ethnic food festivals in Toronto right and they have like this stuff on a stick now like the Oh Stuff on a stick it's called Slovakii Slovakii. Yeah, that's Greek. Yeah, and It looks really good, but I think stuff on a stick Greek stuff on a stick. Oh my god. Yeah, probably And I've never been there during enough to train that. I don't know what they'll taste like You could order it at the restaurant over here. You can't hear new vaki zahi zahi zahi Yeah, they don't give it to you on a stick. They put it on a plate. They stick it. They place it. Do nine on biography with Mr. Mane. Hello, I'm Harry Smith. Is that a good time? Join us tonight as we delve into the life of juvenile Kansilia cruise Born in Oyster Bay, Long Island. Cecil Fragman was a gifted child in more ways than one. Little Did he know what one would be? The early days of his career were in Baudville performing stand-up comedy in drag. Or by big red sparkles. Cecil's find-up as a merchant marine and was sent to Cuba, where he re-tooled his Nikola back and became the well-end-out Superman that was featured in the film Godfather too. Little did he know Castro would rise to power, forcing him to change his act once again. Look how I'm around the tide right around that time and there was a void to be filled. So uh, I happened to be hung like Anggo Melty and that uh, decided to slip on a dress and start singing. Cecil changed his name to Celia cruise and became enormously successful as a drag queen Salsa singer. Rubin's dealings earned Celia his fortune, like they did song he had after a record label offered him 85 since pervacorid in royalties. On a sad note, Celia died. A lot of people in the flow altered in that. We did 1100 bucks there did it. That's pretty damn good. Thanks to our friends of Edward Hooters in a parking lot. I don't know if we have any on the inside but we had friends in a parking lot. And Miguel has gone. Okay, so don't be slap it up there right now. So OG you didn't tell us he's gone. So turn around. Go home. So what of our listeners out there is obviously got a lot a little bit too much time on his hands. Facts as me a picture of from a movie the movie is Skidoo. And as a guy here holding us some chick up in the air and she's uh, blowing a trumpet at like I don't know what this is like, oh no she's blowing something and he's a popsum series with there looks like. Hello, you know you really can't be sure. And like I said this facts here. Been watching a lot of things very real real close looking for something. Anything I think. But thank you very much anyway. It's uh, amusing. It's cute. It's fair. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T for rising wireless line. Larry King got a vote. Absolutely. WQAM. Yeah George. Yeah. Okay, we're coming from. Uh, what are they? Let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You talked about the slurry saying, oh, time. Yeah. Back in the 60s. He had a radio station on a semi-nastory court. He had a radio station. Well, he's on a radio station on a semi-nastory court's way. He came in. He used to come in to study customer to my restaurant and I worked for a parking cars. Right. And I cashed a check for him for $10. And it bounced. Uh, now it didn't bounce. Yeah. I gave it to the owner Mr. Wine or radio. We're we're we're from a farm. And it bounced. Don't miss a few dollars. Uh, yes. No, what's the 50 was 20? Don't miss a few dollars. Yeah. But I didn't want to confirm that. Long is a $10. Long is a $10. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Wow. There's so much to it. Look at that. They're like again into a pushing and shopping. He's hot headed to Venezuela. Well, that's what I was making yesterday. What can we do? What can we have? We're making a video. We're making a video. I love to go to that every year. He's good. He's good. Oh, really come back on the ice. One, two, three. What? There we go. Here we go. World by. After all. He's good. Oh, yeah. Thank you. 560 pound, 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless line as we are. And it was a good idea, Duffie Wright. This was fun. It's your better than just sitting here and play a lot of funny stuff. How many votes we got on there? Who do you think is or was the most disliked media person in South Florida to the angles of time? 467 votes. And Ricky Tickey Sanchez. You're a winner, Rick. 233 votes. No, how were David in 119? George Rodriguez 30. I got 26. I'm tired with the Humper. The Snookie's the raise only one behind. She's got 25. We got 26. Greg, the NL6 and Larry Key's already got a pair. But he's still like you need to know money back. WQAM. Hey, I had a quick thing for me. Hello? Hello? Yes, sir. Yeah, I had a quick one for Neil. Go ahead. You're speaking to him. Oh, I'm sorry. Hey. Okay, I'll be sorry. Quick quick question for you. Did you see the big kiss? The big kiss? Brittany with Anna. Oh, about 800 times. They showed like every two seconds on CNN. And in the last thing. And like I said, no one more Madonna's lips have been. And what they've been near. I mean, would you even consider that? No, not personally. But I'll bring the only other hand. You know. Now, and why had no cross-fresseries? Why were you pull? He's why? Not on the pole. I hate that guy. Uh, let's see. What's in your mind? Yeah, you're right. That's a good point. He should be on. No, no. Good point. Let me know. We'll put him on our answer. Arrow, we'll mention. Let's get him on our Brian Norcross. They hate him. It's not just, it's not just like some of the other people. Or we're mentioned who are just media people who we don't really like a lot. But they really dislike intensely. They despise you a little Brian. They find you nauseating and grotesque and self-agranding. You can't know what you're showing on five six months of YouTube. You can't have my own four-largest. Brian, are you best? Dude. This is all. I lost for being. This is all. Tell us something. And we're sure you will agree. People are funny, doesn't anybody? Big Brian Norcross's claim to fame was hanging in a closet when Andrew came. But when we get a soft summer breeze, we get so hyper-bent related like that sex-ish. This is all. Play the soapy. This is all. Play the soapy. And I'm sure you will agree. People are funny, aren't anybody, buddy? Okay, it's a four-chill tube. We got the little dogs. Your roast coming up into a clock. Now let's see. Let's get back to some real programming. What do you say? Hi, what do you say? No. The Humper is back on the year today from Vegas, 4-7. And then 7 o'clock you get to Marlon's Undec. This is the series of the year. After this grow, tests swamp on a road, those 8 out of 9. But the Marlon's miraculous layer still in a five-way time for the wild cards spot. So this is the series of the century. You think anybody's gonna be there tonight? No. No. I mean, Montreal expose their the hottest team in baseball. They'll be here along with Milwaukee, which don't count. But they'll be here tonight to play the Marlon's at 735 at the P.B. Park. You're gonna be there, right? What? Where? gigantic series. Any can't have to baseball game any S.P. and media overnight. Cause you're in Mark Only Ray 60 bucks for us to leave. They're on a way out. J&DV says I'd like to nominate Little Brian or Crosse. A little psychic work there by J&DV. So every time I see him doing the weather, I want to puk. He makes all that money to be on three times a year because they know everybody hates him. Keep up the good work George was great over the summer and most sucks. Nice gone, Jay. Oh, that's all the bases sweetheart. 18,220 for abandoned pev rescue rough, they're pretty good start. 1100 today by the lovely Miguel. Thanks Miguel. Don't forget the sixth eight tonight, George will be at the new solid golden for Lauderdale Northwest corner of open and federal. I've our best stuff stuff and I guarantee you'll make more than 60 bucks. Don't care T. T. That. Why? All right. Daren T. I'll bet your life on it. Okay. How can you not? 60 bucks? That's three CDs. Right. That's two CDs and one more hour David in the keychain. All right, I can do that. Well that's one more hour David at keychain and one mad dog managed keychain from last year on one of the CD looks like I'm buying three CDs. There you go. Daren T. And then it builds titles, George tomorrow, but they would they like to eat the food, but they have no idea who he is. It's a great scam he's had going for a moment. Yeah, some of you guys build titles, build seedles, build of other savings. I know it's worth three CDs. All right, one deacon cider. Just worth the 27th of the average. We'll get the best of the year and enjoy free food from the L.A. to sit us up and drink some deacon cider from Lauderdale. 1100 a.m. and until one in the p.m. tomorrow. So there you go. Let me, Schmidt can't let. Okay. Because I don't want to leave like a mess here. I want to leave it like nice and clean and pristine from the queen. Let's take a couple of calls before we get out of here and before I find a get out of this god for a second place. This has been it's this week on by the scene like only a couple of months. WQIM. Hello. Yes. New. Yes it is. New. A. A. Eight months. You why are you, you cut out? I didn't hear the first part. Um, I've been listening to you for the last eight months. Excellent. And I've been in my self sort of the last eight months. Huh? I'm packing my back to leave. Get on a jet plane with the bar. Good for you. I'm going to miss you. You're the only saving great. Well, you're not interested in the internet. I need to ride you.com. You can go. I will definitely do my best. But you, you saved me, Neil. And I just want to let you know. Where are you going? I'm going to Denver. Oh, that's good. It's not where I want to be. But it's where I'll take that stop along the way. Beats are how lot of being here. Oh, this is Neil. Good luck, sweetheart. Thank you. Take care. Bye. See there you go. We've had so many of those people over the years. And it's just one of them things they're out of here. They're gone. They went bye, bye, bye. We gave it a shot. She was here for eight months. That's long enough to learn and hate it. To learn the ambience of this place. And certainly now it is kind of weather with the incredible, insufferable heat and humidity. And the grotesque rainstorms and the tropical waves. And her coupons and all of these things. Not to mention, of course, the route and the obnoxious, elbowing people at your gym countered like at the concert last night. All of these things. What do you think? Hey, hey, hey, I'm just gonna stand here. And of course, huh? Yeah, well, these are some of the things that make people like her at a lot of the rest of us. Want to think about it, consider it for just 10 or 20 seconds and say, bye, bye, bye. The new rush is shown on five six. The new two way out of my own four more days. Neil Rogers, good.