You're going to be a war as you see KS. In theaters now. From the director of the Matrix, reloading. The price to see me? It's the BXLX on loaded. We take the red suit. We stay in Wonderland. No way. We take the blue pill. The story ends. You wake up in your bed and believe. Whatever you want. Do you proceed? Yes. We gotta go. Here we go. Let's jam. The X-Ware. I'm loaded. This has been a most unusual day. Anybody out there do your homework over the weekend? No. That's our first question. Nobody did it? No. You think they've done it? No. Okay, here's our preliminary pool for today. Little quickie. One hour pool. Eric is going to get this up right away, right? Okay. What are you asking me? Yes, give it. Come on, Eric. Let's get with it. Okay. We don't have time to be like little around. Pull number one. How do you rate the movie? Rectwium for a dream. Six choices. Never saw it. Meals right. It's great. Good. Okay. Okay. Week. Or it sucks. Now, what's on again on independent film channel Friday night? Right. Saturday morning, 12.15 an AM meeting Friday night. So it was there. There's no excuse. Six way Newton 24 sliced alone 23. Julia Roberts 22. Queen Latifa 21. J. Leno night at 20. David Hasselowf 19, Merlin Monroe 17, New Heart 14, Christine Aguilera 10. Carol Channing 8. You know why I was confused? Because in their doting, in their dotorage, they both looked like the same person. Carol Channing and Philist Miller. Okay. Ever seen together? No, and throw E.D. Gorman in there, 10. Now, come on. That's just another anti-Somantic cow. That was that one. Column Furl 7, Column Palt 49, Dean Martin 6, Kevin Costa 6, Bono 6. Being crossed before a Johnny Carson also with four out of 1732 votes. See, I told you it was secular just to put Johnny Carson under and I tell you that. And we got the taxes. Now, when we go ahead and put that new pull up there, see now Eric was just waiting for me. My bad. Sorry. It was waiting for me to read the pull from Friday. Just way ahead of myself. It's this new schedule. I'm sure they must be at sure. Why not? Plus the fact that our sales department is like, they're a wall. Don't give them the Glendure leads. Whatever you do. Okay. Not that much. Well, seriously, don't give the Glendure leads to that sales department. So over the weekend, I did see two more great movies. And they both were excellent. Glendure, Glenn Ross. Sensational Al Pacino was playing PD Lenny in that movie. Are you talking to me? He was playing PD Lenny. And Jack Lennon was so good. It was scary. Yeah. He was great. And boy, if that movie didn't prove it, I always told you on that. I'm not sure about sales people. Sales people are ice holes. Yeah. It's it's sad. You know, I think that's going to be tomorrow's pull. I don't know how you word it. But what job is the worst the most. I don't know how you word that. I think I did a twice the worst job that you could have in South Florida. But no, not in South Florida. Forget about South Florida. I'm just talking about the worst job you could have in general the most Egrading job, maybe. Oh, grub. How would you like to have to be a salesman? Uh, been there. Done that. Never mind. No, you want to buy some spots. No. Anybody want to buy some spots? No. Not on this station lately. Our sales department must be watching Glenn Gerry Glenn Ross. The other bringing Alec Baldwin just to do that scene. Just to do that scene. One time, sit those losers down in there. Desks and let him come in here and just read them and ask. In fact, that whole thing looked like a typical QM salesman. Sure. On my screw-in, but stuff just a little bit. But we sure got a lot of, a lot of taxes here for over the weekend. And I will say this from that poll that we had over the weekend about the most overrated entertainer of all time. Uh, the show ended to a clock on Friday. The problem being that the audience at that point, all of a sudden got really motivated to start sending in names. So we had about the five million more names come in, but a little bit too late. Let's see. Here's another list of movies. I don't understand this. Well, my sources see these are also worth the time. Wanna strain your calls. Excellent movie. But what is this list? I got to see. Want to see those movies. Seeing it. Once upon a time in America's coming out on DVD in a minute. Very soon. Okay, look at that. We're moving intensively in one hell not. Also, some of them, though, for those of you doubting Thomas's out there who's, oh, you'll watch the first five or 15 minutes of that and turn it off. No way, I did not. I thought it was very good. I mean, it was a mind-blowing kind of like. Yeah. In other words, it's cerebral. It's one of those that really is going to weigh very heavily on your brain. And if you're not, if you're not in the mood for that, then don't watch it. Because then you will shut it off. Just write yourself a note on your arm, too. I shut it off when it gets to the five minute mark. Man, you could spend hours dissecting that movie. Sure. Gonna have heavier? Well, I mean, in your case, what else you're going to do under the overpass? Right. Get to see all the homeless people under the overpass, though. What would you think about my mentor? What about that scene where a teddy was, let's see. Here's some facts about for where the new guy for Ralph Kicks asks. Oh, yeah. Anybody in a concede? He's just like the kid is got a guy. And Mark has any holding this package. He comes out of the kids, got two pistols. Yeah, he's obsessed with packages. Have you noticed that? Yeah. So is anybody that comes in a kickstand who end the balls is good by me for Ralph's. Reck-we-imphor-a-dream. What? Great movie. Next to Johnny Depp and Fira Loathing a lot of Vegas. So I haven't got that yet. Is that when we decided I shouldn't see? I don't think so. I couldn't get through it. Really? A lot of people had that problem. I saw it. I liked that. The acting was great, but it is out there. Like, really? That's not why I couldn't get through it. Like, with monsters running around because they're fritting into the monster. Why couldn't get through it? Oh, that could happen. Kind of like the beast. And I like Johnny Depp and, uh, by the way, throughout the little tip, we love you. We're delighted to have you, but, uh, keep a beast off here as much as possible. Okay. Get him off. That's the one thing I agree with Moa. And he is just, he's too much. This is the beast. Yeah, go ahead, you go. Go eat a few meals. You and Zach go have a couple of a breakfasts together. William Boca, this facts about, uh, he says finally back to back kick as shows. There you go. We're finally having a little bit of fun here on a radio. Is what we're doing. As opposed to that morbid depression crap went through for well over a year with a mole man. The mole man. Oh, go away. Okay. Let's see. How do you rate the movie recommend for dream. The new pull is up. This is only the first hour. Then I got a doggy pull. Can you believe I'm actually thinking about getting another dog? No, I can't believe that. I'm thinking. For up there. Obviously. No, not for up here. I can't have a dog in my building for down there for my house. Let's see. Okay. Just voted. Neal's right. It's great. Let's see. 21 votes already. This is good. Never saw 10. Neal's right. It's great. 7. Good. Two. One week. One. It sucks. And nobody says okay. Well, whoever said it sucks. We're going to come to your house and break both of your legs. You have to have no taste. You have to be the vanilla bean spec guy. That's got to be the guy who said it sucks. Maybe some people just don't like movies. That could be it. Or maybe they just don't understand if they don't get it. Maybe they took too many orange pills before they watched it. I mean, that movie was so good that it just shocked me right out of my seat. You know what I mean? When I when I sat down to watch it, I wasn't prepared for it to be that good. Nope. But it was. It was riveting. It was mind blowing and he just get involved in you. Just your head starts spinning like a drail. Sarah and we all feel like a little bit of Sarah Gold Farbiz in us. You want to say. For her. Do something about that arm hairy. Oh man. Don't shoot in that thing. Oh god. Yeah, by the time you was in hospital, Sarah looked just a little on the nasty. Maybe like a little infected, you know what I mean? Just a little bit. Wow. Anyway, we'll get to all these faxes into some calls and to all our got a lot of good stuff going on now. Almost feel like we got a real radio station going on except for ourselves the permit. Who ought to be in Glengary Glen Ross? Although, you know, something we don't have any salespeople who live up to any of those characters to Inheris or Alcino or certainly not to Jack Lemon. No, no. No way. Well, I think Bob I was just we came with Machino when the end of course he did any more pedolini. I think Bob Eisenberg is the Jack Lemon character. Is he sad Jewish? Yeah. Yeah. Loser. Providence active 10 if five sit at bad here. How low can they go? Now the financial group. Now what is that? Bongo. Do you see this? Nope. Gonna be bongo's. Oh, yeah. Matter of fact. Now the financial group does the limbo one. The lowest number of financial aid. How low of 1.95% that's right. It's true. Now you can refinance your homer by a new homer gets super low. 1.95% financing with financial group. Call 180940land. That's 180940land. Music. If you're even thinking about refinancing or buying real estate, call financial group 180940land and talk about savings. Check this out when in doubt. A $100,000 loan you pay only $368 a month. If you have a $200,000 loan you pay more only $736 a month. Call financial group at 1.894. Oland and get the low. Low amazing rate you're looking for. 1.95% interest rates would all time low. So don't wait. Call now and get the amazing rate of 1.95% from financial group. 1.894. Oland. They'll explain it to you. That's financial group. 1.894. OLEND. The Renequil Housing Lender. Credit restrictions apply right subject to change monthly 5.19 APR. 1.894. This is for 20 advice to keep you away. 1.894. OLEND. But Rene's done as dirt. 1.894. OLEND. Put out some good reviews on one. We're right away. Shelled out on 20 bucks for a movie pass. A copin' some milk keyways. Where the handful of candy went through the doors of that mark. A key. There we had a first question. What I was late in the man came beat. See I walked into in my trees. I walked in and I couldn't find one seed. Then I walked out on the matrix. I figured hell I went for the DVD. I don't think that's one that's going to be on my list. Matrix parts 1 through 100. That will not make my list. I'm going to be on the list. I don't think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I don't think that's a good idea. I don't think that's a good idea. I don't think that's a good idea. I don't think that's a good idea. Anyway, so I also saw last night because it's not a lot of those movies when it comes to the TV. I can't turn it off. Probably because Brad Pitt looks so good and it's a river runs through it. I was just dissonant movie on Friday. Remember? Talk about how depressing and morbid. It wasn't really easy until a part where he died. He just... That's almost at the end of the movie. He's a great shepherd out of the police station again, which they do like every five minutes in there because Brad's got a little bit of a problem. He looks real good and he's a wonderful fisherman. And he's a real clever guy. He's got lots of stories. There's lots of stories. Shadowcasting. But he's got a little bit of a gambling problem. A little bit of a boozing problem. He's dating these Indian chicks all the time. And it got not too fond of that. Isn't that kind of strange though? It's like something out of guiding light. The mafia in Springfield. Where would I supposed to be? Right. I had the mob in Montana. I know that. I know that. Huh? Don't let your vengeance in the engine. They're a pain in the ass man. They've done mob in Montana. They beat him up and beat the crap out of him and killed him. They did. They did. But that actually is a pretty good movie. Until the really depressing part is right at the end, which I never noticed this before. And I've seen it about 10 times. Right at the end of the movie. And of course, Craig Sharfer is doing the narration because he was Brad Pitt's older brother. And at the end of the movie, the narration is continuing and he's talking about the river and of under the rocks. And I all this philosophical bull crap. And then you see this old man who's fly fishing there in a stream. And you realize it's him. Right. Oh. Excuse me. I don't want to see. I don't want to know from it. I don't want to see it. I don't want to see somebody who like, you know, was like human living and breathing like 50 years later. It's like, oh, to a class reunion. 50 years after your graduate. Well, thanks. No, thank you. You know what I mean? Right. Oh, yeah. This sad looking old man. He's there in the stream. I mean, they're all my guy. I mean, wasn't bad enough that he got the raccoon eyes right off the bat in the movie. What happened to him? Anyway, Craig Sharfer. I don't like somebody beat him up with a baseball bat and just shoveled both eyes back into the, not it's pretty good movie. Ever. Ever runs through it. It's low key. But it's in the end. He was very low key. Very low key. Reach your daddy. He hit it right on the head when I threw a bread pit died. He said he was beautiful. Well, nobody went about that. Oh, it's just that to me is now course being, you know, where I'm coming from. I'm bad, but he sure was. I think it right on that. He sure was. He ain't too beautiful. No, I'm all probably, but he sure was beautiful. Well, it's pretty unusual. You don't find in most movies, which are geared toward head of a sexual mainstream America. They're, you're all five most movies call in a guy beautiful, you know, right? But it is interesting about Brad Pitt. He must not be threatening. I don't know what it is. But you notice? Brad Pitt got. Yeah, see, anybody male, female children, animals. Everybody in this country seems feels comfortable saying, oh, yeah, he's a beautiful guy. Brad Pitt. If you said that about anybody else, they like, you get their dander up. They'd start to condander lines. Here's a facts from Jim who says, might of your past use of our John Henry's Boston Red Soxon weren't Toronto this week, and I thought you'd be interested in this extraordinary sentence. And the Red Sox notebook in the Boston Globe may 28. Medical personnel will meet with the Soxon staff to educate them on the SARS virus. Some players have expressed concern about playing in the city, meaning Toronto, which also, which also has had cases of man calories recently. Oh, God. As a precaution, Nesson will not do the in crowd interviews during this series. Oh, no, what are the Red Soxon left here? What did it tell between the Red Soxon? I'll be sad getting their ass kicked every day by the blue jays. Oh, I love that. Also had cases of man calories these. They had one cow in Alberta, which is about a city of miles from here. One cow in the head, man calories these. But now we got SARS. We got mad cow. We got, oh, it's easy. It's fact bacon. Yeah, you know, I'll tell you one thing, for else, right about Boston and its sports teams that are fans, especially the Red Sox fans. And the Bruins fans. And the Celtics. They suck. Including some of the guys who have broadcast their games over the years. I don't want to mention anybody who used to do the cell the games. Sox. Here's the fact that says, I'm not a sports fan. But I love the new guy Scott this morning only cut the last star of his broadcast. He made my morning. I was laughing out loud. I love that he had the balls to say what he said about the marino being in Dan marino land. I am horrified by the article you're right about the guy in the chat room. Boba Boba Boba Boba Boba. Seriously thinking to move into Canada. Also George. I see this is before you they found your little dog. I'm so sorry about your dog. I love my pets as much as I love my daughter. I'd be frantic with luck. In fact, George said he would mine to a lot to have lost the. The little girl. Not that's the bream of course. She's a little gritty. Now that's it. See, you're gonna give me an honest answer. That if you had a choice between losing your little dog and the new little baby that you didn't want. I mean dog. Thanks Linda. Yeah, I know you want to go home again. So George got his dog back. If anybody missed the later part of the show Friday. Oh. I'm thinking about getting another dog. I don't know why. I just dogs have been such an important part of my life the last 14 years. That when I go home it feels like there's something missing. They've done. The employees that lowers blood pressure. A long dates your life. Yeah. If you have a little pet. Hmm. Anyway, here's the facts that says because nobody's perfect. We don't want him to get a swelled head. Free wheel in Franklin says I think for real sucks. He's got no talent or knowledge about anything. He's not. He's sat slightly. It was him. It was a bit of a child of the water Nazi and Carl from Slingley. Ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah. What's your point? He's great. He's losing a little hair and back. I think you over under for for all of you about 30 men. That's 30 minutes more than we need to hear. I think hearing Dwight Lodderdale eating and Bishop's dried out. Asked to be more entertaining. Oh, what a disgusting thought. Did you ever see Dwight Lodderdale and Fuzzy Bear from the Muppets in the same room together? Who? Fuzzy Bear from the Muppets. You should know that. You've got a little kid. Patrick and Boko Fasses. But they're sure we're busy with the facts. Is it over the weekend, weren't they? Yeah. Two suggestions for cards. Or what do we call it? I think it means cards. Is that what you're trying to say, Patrick? Huh? From Rekwim for a dream. Be excited. Be be excited. We don't have that, but we have. Be afraid. Be very afraid. And we got a winner. I do like that. That guy's great. That more county junior look like that guy's sensational. We got a winner. But you'll notice the one interesting thing. She never during the entire movie. She never turns on the TV with anything different. But that program. It's always on. Also with someone at QMTOMO, he's been the mode and he hasn't figured it out yet. He has an assholes as Patrick. You got your thumb on it, Patrick and Boko. You know, Momento, I'm thinking that if they would have named it properly, it should have been called Demento. Not Momento. Yeah. I mean, you should pop a couple of pills before you watch it. Okay, folks, we can tell you which color. Right? And because it is a mind blowing experience, just write it down on your shoulder or mind or pop the green one at the end. Let's see how many votes we got on here. How do you rate Requiem for a dream? And this of course was your homework. It's been on a couple of times on independent film channels since we started talking about it. 114 votes. Never saw it. 65. 57% never saw it. What is wrong with you people? I don't know if you can turn you out of something good. And they got excuses. They're busy watching them. Marlon game. Not. I mean, what is it that they're doing? Probably playing golf. A lot of golf. Neal's right. It's great. 27. It sucks. 9. Good. 9. Week. 2. And okay. 9 people say it sucks. I don't believe it. Could it be possible if there are nine people with such unjust nasty, lack of taste in the universe? No. I don't think so. I don't believe the professional contrary assholes. Now let's see. George and the Binerbroker are trying to talk me to watching a shallow grave training day. And then I looked on the, I don't know what they were saying. What they were saying? You might not like training day. It's a Denzel movie. I don't know if you have a problem with them. No. Did it really good job in it? What is happening? Do I have a problem with Denzel? Why is that? I don't know. Didn't I just love seven? Did you? Yeah. Okay. Until we got to the, what's the facts? That's more than we know about that. Yeah. I want to think about Brad Pitt. He's like either very good or very bad. You know? Am I right? Yeah. I mean, that movie. What was the movie? We just mentioned before. We went on that list. Revoked where the head is here. Di blonde. Oh, probably the trap. That movie. It's the type that one. I mean, I saw the clips from that movie. So helped me. I mean, that was enough to just make you, uh, lot of barf. Well, when he puts on the bad, phony accent. That's when he's really bad. He does the worst phony with like the southern draw, you know? I guess the word early grace. Oh, good. Golly Miss Molly. He's either very, very good or very squirt court bad. He's the pits. Anyway, here's this long list of flicks. See, my goal is since I know nothing about movies. And I remember the day that somebody bitched us out. That thanks we got well. Do you not never heard anybody. You guys know nothing at all about movies. I don't know. It's just it's never been my hobby. If you're going to watch a lot of recent and old movies, it's got to be a hobby of yours. Now that I got my DVD player up here and I got plenty of time. Oh, I let me also tell you one other thing. This this go back to tend to to is the great. One hour makes such an incredible get on my life. I can stay up till like 1130 or midnight. I can watch movies late at night. I can like, like I have a life again. That nine to one crap. I was like doing a morning show. And when you get to be a doddering old man, I don't want to mention no names. When you get to be a doddering old man, the last thing in the world you want to do is have to go to bed really early and get up really early in the morning. And I know years talk about having your biological clock pruned. This has been like somebody gave me my life back. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. So thanks a lot to somebody. I would thank Greg, but of course he's the one that's screw me up in the first place. It just has made all the difference in the world. I feel like it was seriously like somebody has given me my guy damn life back. 28 past 10 at 5 60 WQAM. Barbecue is a good or what a place. They have an exceptional selection of girls that you won't find any place else because nobody else has them. This way check out their incredible deal on the three burner barbecue chef for only 199 bucks with 42,000 BTUs, a 625 square inch cooking area and a built-in hood thermometer. You can't beat this deal for a propane or natural gas grill. For all you traditionalists out there, check out the beef master charcoal grill for 199 bucks, but more than 600 square inches of cooking space, cash there and cooking grills and adjustable fire grate and a full with ash catcher, both of these grill to make a perfect father's day gift. What day is father's day? I'll be sure to get that something wrong. It's been a father's day barbecue's glory's got hundreds of great gift ideas for debt for under 50 bucks. Barbecue's glory carries the biggest selection of barbecues and accessories including liquid propane, natural gas, charcoal, smokers, tailgate supplies all, here comes one of the best parts at the Guirantea lowest prices in the universe too. Also take advantage of no payment same as cash financing until January 2004 on a proof credit. Barbecue's glory will find stores and plantation and university drive and a fountain shopping center, call 9-5-4-4-2-3-1400 and a crawl sprains at 7485 West Sample Road that's corner sample in Rock Island, call them there at 9-5-4-7-5-7-66-68 and other that's 100 degrees every day in the shade. This is something you ought to be thinking about. A trip to Barbecue's glory, everything you need for Barbecue and waiting for you in one great store. My and local, we're sports radio 5-60's you and you a-m. I'm a sports radio 5-60's you and you a-m. I'm a sports radio 5-60's you and you a-m. I'm a sports radio 5-60's you and you a-m. I'm a sports radio 5-60's you and you a-m. I'm a sports radio 5-60's you and you a-m. I'm a sports radio 5-60's you and you a-m. I'm a sports radio 5-60's you and you a-m. I'm a sports radio 5-60's you and you a-m. I'm a sports radio 5-60's you and you a-m. I'm a sports radio 5-60's you and you a-m. I'm a sports radio 5-60's you and you a-m. I'm a sports radio 5-60's you and you a-m. I'm a sports radio 5-60's you and you a-m. I'm a sports radio 5-60's you and you a-m. I'm a sports radio 5-60's you and you a-m. I'm a sports radio 5-60's you and you a-m. I'm a sports radio 5-60's you and you a-m. I'm a sports radio 5-60's you and you a-m. I'm a sports radio 5-60's you and you a-m. I'm a sports radio 5-60's you and you a-m. I'm a sports radio 5-60's you and you a-m. I'm a sports radio 5-60's you and you a-m. I'm a sports radio 5-60's you and you a-m. I'm a sports radio 5-60's you and you a-m. I'm a sports radio 5-60's you and you a-m. I'm a sports radio 5-60's you and you a-m. I'm a sports radio 5-60's you and you a-m. I'm a sports radio 5-60's you and you a-m. I'm a sports radio 5-60's you and you a-m. I'm a sports radio 5-60's you and you a-m. I'm a sports radio 5-60's you and you a-m. I'm a sports radio 5-60's you and you are a sports radio 5-60's you. I'm a sports radio 5-60's you and you a-m. give a little exercise, okay? Work off a couple of calories. Every day between 10 and 11 what we ought to do is do an a preliminary pool prior to our regular pool for the day. Okay, I'm on a different movie every day. Okay, huh? The pre-pull. Like tomorrow we could do Memento. Or I'm just mentioned at in passing. Could be anything. Could be a happiness or unhappiness? Here's a fact that says the narrator for a river that runs through it is Robert Redford, but I'll be damned Another similar great bread pit movie. See, I never said that the river runs through it was great. Now you get a little bit carried away It was it was Chelsea. It was fine You know, it was good. It was certainly wasn't a great movie. It's not in the same way with but anyway Legends of the fall. I noticed that you got like an asterisk yet And said much better though similar. Oh much better than a river runs through another Montan bread pit in Montan But this one has more meat. It's they take off into some world. It has more of Brad Pitt's meat while I'll be sure It does it's way more interesting. It's What do you mean by that? Don't give me the big team. I don't remember how much of his meat he showed I don't know if we already seen it on a neck and bleeding me. It was like It's like a crochet needle by the grizzly. It's got stuff. Yeah Did you think it looked like a crochet needle Corx drill have you ever Have you ever reached more than yesterday at the end of the day? No, not really Anyway, so and also the same facts it was off to such a good start this facts I was so promising that it says Reckway and for a dream hated the first 20 minutes and couldn't continue boring Oh The opening credit for boring I want to cry. I just really want to cry How could anybody say that that movie was boring? Especially anybody who lives in South Florida When she goes outside with her Little fold-up chair Oh That's how Florida folks I hate to break the news to you especially those of us who've been around long enough to remember the pre-south beach Glory days Back in the days when South Beach had the generated nothing but a bunch of ACLS and nursing homes right and all the old yenthas We're sitting out there on their lawn chairs all day staring off into space. That was South Beach, baby When I was at Was I w's news one of my sponsors was and maybe was on KT long time ago The continental you know what the continental was? It was an adult communal living facility in ACLF Now of course that was back in the days that was like almost 30 years ago So I was like living and breathing at that point like a young man compared to the daughter-in-gold fart that I am now and Of course when you advertise for some of these people you have to go out and see their joint. Oh Wow, I remember like it was only yesterday the tour through the continental the ACLF. Oh, it's so Smolty in there In fact, I think I saw a silver gold farbid in there She was just kind of staring off into space. I share cut here Sarah The fact that said did you see oh and this is embarrassing to me because the poll we did over the weekend We left off such obvious choices that I just and it's not our fault the audience is fault We gave you four hours to call in with your suggestions God It says did you see the piano Reeves he should have been on it instead of highly acclaimed motion picture such a bill and Ted Dexlin adventure and speed one and two is getting 15% of the gross Off the two matrix movies that comes out to a little more than $200 million $200 freaking million Mr Reeves just passed Oprah and Van O'Wight To top the list of no talented filthy rich American icons on six is this fact Yeah, Van O'Wight and a Pat Sajac how come they weren't on our list right because of them oh Brother cuz of the audience I mean too such very obvious choices Here's John in Miami who wants me to plug another thing coming out. I'll think about it John, okay, you're using the show to the point of you know I'm having a good time here and it's a meeting of a debate about the Patriot Act You know, I mean that's all well in the good are they gonna change anything? Oh no They're gonna change nothing I mean we'll continue putting stuff up on the website and all the in once in a while I'll read a couple of bedtime stories if there's something really good But we're not gonna make any we're not gonna change the world. Let's face it. You're screwed. You're F We're all screwed So all you can do is just do the best you can enjoy your life and do the best you can and Vote for anybody but bush next year. That's all I can tell you Here's a call for Miami lakes. Hello. Yeah, God. Yes, sir. What a weekend I'm so good to have you back. I was what a fascinating week at first while last night They had that show 44 minutes yelling shoot out On Fox and I'm watching the guy says eight that a load of F and he said the whole world And I said wait. Yeah, this is in cable. They know he says he acts at what's cable Dude, I'm sorry nothing They don't know. He said the F's were but they also showed one of the perpetrators given the finger I thought that was there was a no-no, but then I was watching well why why is that? Why is that a no-no? Oh, I don't know. I just assumed unless you're on cable. You can't get the birds. That's on cable Okay, and I was watching the book clubs you should have seen a Riley and Al Frank and go at it Al Frank who was chewing him up Yeah, about the new book about lives and liars and the lies that they just tried to deceive Well, it's a whole thing about how the Republicans are trying to convince everybody that the Democrats are Wingsels when the fact they're not they're gone at it I'm a press our weasels said they don't have to convince me that Democrats are weasels Michael Moore is a man for president Right, I'm only what that makes sense to me. Hey man and by the way Genneries wasn't in speech, but I agree on the poll. Okay, thanks. I'm just I'm just reading the facts Okay, I'm not a piano Reeves fan. Although he was he was good And I won't be with you didn't see and I can never think of the name of it about the one where he's like a place the ass murderer And he's kidnapped the kidnaps the broadener up there on the roof and then I can't think of who else was in it You know, I'm talking about butter boy Not all things up plays them not case and he kidnaps the chicken erupt there on the roof and he's got her tied up and whatever that is long I'm compelled now he know it was pretty good movie But other than that I can live without piano Reeves. He just he just leaves me to limp you know And then there's this long list on his one facts of all these movies which I mentioned before when a stranger calls Which we've already talked about that a million times Have you checked the children we put that line in there, you know, and a movie drop-in thing Remember that All right, it's on on your arm Last temptation of Christ didn't see that it was good and in fact I didn't see almost any of these spinal tap It's the low key comedy just mercury graffiti saw that of course But your boy Hey, Vener boy never thought but I want to 60 degrees of separation. I did see butcher boy The degrees of separation is probably the worst sued movie ever okay? The great Once upon a time in America like I said it's great. It's about 75 hours long and it's coming out on DVD any minute the great dictator the brothers Macmolon lost highway blow up Don't look now welcome to the dial house. That's the same director is did the happiness and I did see that but I forgot oh The producer and the doctor hello doctor Oh speaking a doctor's must go to the doctor tomorrow. I shouldn't mention that back to him just give you a clue is to what it is What? Well he's reaching that point in his life. You know we all get a little bit older it happens to the best of us It'll happen to you too, Mr. when I got to check out your Hershey highway That's right Is the matter of fact I have a feeling when that doctor looks in there with that little periscope tomorrow? He's gonna discover there's been a lot of traffic on that highway Okay 1041 Get my drift Oh my god me Josh Jozine tree the engineer man. We were oh I see in I in a little about tape and ferald our guts part of the beast with beast listen go away This is if he's gonna make a bad mistake if he puts that punk on the air a lot Stop making him like your sidekick. Oh, I can't think of anything worse It would be like an act of self destruction on his part How's the pull coming? How do you rate the movie? Requiem for a dream 199 votes already? Well, at least they're responding anyway even though they do their homework never saw the 1156% never seen it yet Well, at least there's some hope there, right? There's some kneels right. It's great 50. Well, that's a leading category Oh 25% 50 people say it's great good 17. It sucks 14 week for an okay just to okay. I don't I don't know what is with you people huh Paper or plastic vanilla bean spec or vanilla just plain without the beans And I was just to tell in George and Bonerboi before the show this morning. I discovered bacon pre-cooked bacon See this is not a category. It's never too old to start learning things because I never cooked bacon before I was talking about it last week and I got all these suggestions all one of them. What if it was the way to do it? I haven't happened to sizzle lean remember that. Yes, that wasn't bad Yeah, but didn't it cause your guts to like fall out or want to like that doesn't I'll tell you if I keep eating this much bacon I'm a co-winner making other batch during the break. Oh, no, I can't not do these breaks today I don't say that's one good thing. Oh, that's a bacon. Mm-hmm No, not that kind Not a lot. There's another bread pit moving. I hate him. He's you know, although that one movie What was it across the tulus la tracts? Yeah, was that it? With Ricky Schroeder. We look really good in that movie boy. He looked really in fact There was no story there was very depressing was morbid and didn't he also get the crappy data manette movie? Yeah, by drug dealer. Yeah, oh, that's right drug dealer And so this is Brad Fitzgerald alive because he looks so good We got a kick the crap out of which of course was the basis for that whole movie the fight club just beat the crap out of them Just put his nose where his Spectom has used to be. Oh, teach him a lesson for looking so good. Pleasure's got a crochet needle for a penis 1043 at 560 WQM here something that's really great. Oh, you're mad. Oh, you're mad soft. Heels contain the finest olive oil You'll find even with a search party not just ordinary everyday pedestrian olive oil But super concentrated good stuff loaded with health benefits for you all you made in your mouth every day Can up or do stop risk of heart disease and high cholesterol and now there are 14 count them 14 different oleumit formulas for you to choose from each one combining the best olive oil with vitamins and minerals Urbos to support specific health needs from your bones your blood pressure to your immune system Oudu is just pick out the formulas that are right for you and the parts you're healthy. You need to work on now There are three new oleumit formulas when to help you sleep when to help you control your weight And sell Q10 for your heart fix them up today at public's records Walgreens full food markets Navarro's and Sadano Is there something good to pop in your mouth? If only Sarah would have been doing oleumid, you know if in order it online oleumitamerica.com Or if you want more information on the products called tool free 1 8 6 6 Oreo mid. That's 1 8 6 6 6 5 3 66 to read three pick up some oleumid that ain't for better health Start popping it in your lovely push Quick It's Oh Oh Mr. Lector, to save me a piece. I'm disappointed you passed on clearing. Still eating people right after you kill them. Not even meaning behind a tiny comb to the lectern. Big girl again. It cleans the people taste just like chicken. Do you see any of all the streets? Better on or you I did meet? Oh no way. Mr. Lector, I've got to ask. How do you eat things through that funky mask? Oh it looks good. You can't move your jaw. The first candle for today is the silliest role collector. I wish I saw. You pay a visit to Jeb McCormn. Eat the clips and it's on your next grade. Just remember your past today's day. I think I just figured out how we keep fat boy and sack and the Josh Friedman alive. It's the doctor like your mask with a red ball in the mouth. About three months. I do it on hotdog. How about tomorrow we do in the first hour of Ben Gary Glenn Ross. Okay. I'm up for that. You're very favorite. I thought it was great. I normally don't like those kinds of movies. It was excellent. Jack Leman was so damn good that it was a really scary idea that he could actually act like that. Why do you say that? Because I've never seen him in like heavy drama. You saw Massapil? Yeah, but I forgot. That was a good movie. All you anti-religion anti-catlet church people definitely ought to see Massapil would jack them. In fact we should start adding that to our list. But tomorrow we'll do Glenn Gary Glenn Ross. How do you rate Requiem for a dream we're asking that they in our online at 10 to We'll excuse me. See? 226 votes never saw 122 53.9% Neal's right. It's great. Good. 21. See we're making progress. It's sucks 16. Okay. So the negative votes are 20 out of 126. How about you all that bad huh? No. One of the 10 best movies of all time you can bet the peanut boys life on it. I'll be in a boy I can't pay this next payday on the 10th. How about that? Is that for real or is he just pulling your leg about that? That's for real. Hey listen, Clarissa I don't want to start giving any directions in life but you're supposed to be the program director about 15 years old and you're already at least a name the program director of Major Marker Radio Station. Why don't you like get with it? Okay, start being like a mince and stopping an overgrown child. You know he's got to be on the U.M out there with a beast, sweating and farting and puking and doing U.M. Is that being the sports nerd okay, Clarissa? You're supposed to be beyond that if you're going to play the role of a program director you have to graduate beyond that. Especially if our operations manager tomorrow goes through the test and they find some kind of thing crawling around in his spectrum. Wow. Wouldn't that be something? We'd like on your test tomorrow Mr. Hypoconti, Mr. Operations Manager. Got he has such a hippocont back you know it must. Man, a real basketball case. You ought to be watching Requiem for a dream. You know what I mean? It might. Might sit him back a little bit. That's right. Now he's just too emotionally unstable to watch a movie like that. Let me say this if you're emotionally unstable do not watch Requiem for a dream or definitely not Momento. Because if you have like certain emotional problems and you watch Momento you'll be like right and crap all over your body and on walls. In fact, that goes back to the graffiti thing we're talking about. Right. Maybe right message is all over the goddamn place. Of course there is no such thing as graffiti I just made it up. Just like glory holes. I just made it manufactured that just aggravated all the heterosexuals out there. There's no such thing as a glory hole is there? A part of your state. So Josie is a funky looking guy. Even he recognized old penis face when he saw him. Yeah, I've seen something looked like that before. Here's the call from West Palm Beach. Hello. New. Good morning. How are you? Yes sir. When is the SDS? Yes sir. Got. On to the TV. Do you ever seen a movie House of Games with the Yo Massagia? No. I don't want to be that PJ Walsh isn't there. It's now I get a ensemble of. I don't want to give anything about the movie away. That's such a great movie. House of Games? House of Games with Joe McTagnia. I think it is. I think it's a nice day's last day. I mean, seems like the hood is not top of the street. Right. And it's like a ensemble of a lot of fine actors. And then $20. If you do the $20 bill or $20 box, it's like what happens to a $20 bill and a $24. It's in a typical day of a $20 bill. What happened? Good. That's yet again a lot of like that steep. But she needs it. And there's a lot of character actors. But you know, you might not know their names. Oh, yeah. I know that guy. Yeah. It's seen him a little many times. She was really good. But we saw it. Okay. Got on on my list, panic. Thanks. Alright. I'm compiling a list because I've seen other than ravenists. I've seen all the movies that I went out and bought. And I'm trying to think, well, no, they're there. We're some, but no, I didn't see all the movies because I didn't watch kids. And what was the other one that you suck me in again? Gummode. Yeah. Kids in gummode after watching bully. I'd like to take the three of those and stick them up. Somebody's ass. Whoever suggested I get them. This boner boy, man. We better, you know, you and Clarence together. Maybe we can get your package deal. Go to what they call grow up school a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Yeah. Seriously. You have to like advance beyond that because you were doing so well. Giving a solicitor really good flex and then you come up with with the kids and bully. I don't know what I was thinking. Specialists haven't seen that one. Huh? Especially because I haven't seen bullies yet. You were the one to recommend it. Okay. Wasn't he or was that you? That was me. Huh? It was me. I was Georgia done it. Well, the audience is on to you. They're right. I was defended you. But in, yeah. You're taking sometimes really sucks. 5, 6, 7, 0. We're going to do a dog pull starting a 10 or 5. Which you had an odd. It's kind of like paper and plastic. But I think it's interesting. What's the best breed of a dog for a pet? Now, you know what? I'm voting. I'm voting golden retriever. And then also I hate dogs. Don't know, never had a dog. And then we'll like make out the list. Do you want to vote Tomarinen? No. No, not good. I mean, I like our little dog. But I don't like Tomarinen's as a rule. Really? Then why did you get it? It was free. Remember? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. You can go down to the pound. The animal shelter. You can go down to our friends at a abandoned pet rescue. And you don't have to spend a lot of money to get a nice dog. Remember, it was a gift for the wife. Oh, for the wife always wanted a little dog. She could carry in a little French bag. You know, just one thing. Bonner, boner, boner, boistern. Notice there would George. George has compartments for everybody. Everybody's got it's the wife, the kid, the dog, the old man. The, uh, the one has a title. The drug dealer. You know, whatever it is. Everybody, everybody has a title. The wife. Nobody has a name. They just don't have a title. I guess it's easier that way than you have to write like a lot of stuff on your arm. That was a damn good movie. And on the more I think about it, the more I realized I actually liked it. And then I can understand those people that would say, Wow, you know, after the first five or 15 minutes you're going to turn it off, I can understand that backwards format pisses some people off. But if it's not only backwards, it's like all over the place. It's not just backwards. It's, I mean, everywhere. And what was the name of that motel again? The motel again? The motel. The dude's dropping. There were a couple of times I wanted to yell out there and the boy, hey, that's Teddy, you ass. Oh, that's Teddy. He's his Christ. Don't you know, by now? Man, don't believe his lies. Oh, that but don't yeah, don't believe his lies. And then how about the scene where the abroad, what that was your name? And where was this thing on her lift? That was driving me nuts, shanker. No, seriously, because it would come and go like from one scene to the next. They're not necessarily in the right order. I think if you want to rewatch it to try to find a mistake, I think that's where you'll find out. I think that was a continuity here. Because the thing where he beat the snout out of her and then she came back, why I should probably not tell. Yeah. And she said it was a drug dealer that the beat right up. And of course, he forgot that he's the one that beat the crap because she was saying, grow test things about his wife. Very good job. Really? Who was the name of the actor in that who played Leonard? Oh, um, yeah. Guy Pierce. Guy Pierce. Good job. Excellent. I think he's the votes on the pool. How do you end? Of course, we'll close it out after this first hour. I like this idea. The tend to a level of a movie thing hour. What do we ever do? We've got to talk about it every day. But we'll just put it up there. A different one every day. Which means in the next couple of years, we can have like hundreds, hundreds of movies. This is where it's at. Look what a wonderful thing will be doing for the DVD business. Local legitimate and pirate. I mean, who would do that? Criminals. Same people are with steel cable boxes, satellite signals, things like that. Crooks. This on his people. Sales people scum. 260 votes never saw 144 over over 55% the audience have never seen. Right way. Yeah, but it's gotten down it. You'll thank me because look at this 62 people saying heels right. It's great. 24 said it's good. 18. It sucks. Six said it was okay. Okay. And five said week so far. That's not a bad bad. An average for a hard ask crowd like this is it. It should be a lot better though. I don't I don't I just don't get it. Of course there are different people who just I don't know. They they like Indiana Jones in the Temple of Duman gloom. I guess that's what they like. There's plenty of Duman gloom in this movie. Ha ha ha ha ha. It's more like Indiana Schwarzenegger Temple of Glom. In fact, Sarah, maybe if you would have gone to Temple. Instead of watching that damn stupid TV show. We got a winner. And you know that show didn't have a name did it. Not that I recall. Now I don't think that show had a name and he didn't have an Amy the the more downy junior Look like the whole might have we met a miss that. I don't think so. Well, watch it again the afternoon two or three times. While I'm popping my resin greens. 1058 at 560 WQM or a motto is all the pills all the time. He out said it one thing you can take died pills they'll kill you. There's every scan going under the sun. They got what is this. What is the name of that? I have a Pilates Windsor Pilates. Have you seen that in the commercial? What a scam. What is that? Scissor legs and you get a me party and all the stars. Yeah. All the stars are doing the old scissor legs and the wait just pours off your body. Forget about that crap. Okay. If you want to lose some weight, you sure ought to try balance for life because it takes all your scissor legs exercises away. All you have to do is open up your little black sack. That's where it's at is in the sack. That's what I always say. Just check out that sack. Balance for life combines an knowledge of the zone diet. With special emphasis on the glycemic values of carbohydrates which controls your sugar levels and they deliver right here dough at your home at your office wherever you want them to deliver. Three delicious gourmet meals and two snacks right in the sack right here doorstep every day got enough food for the whole day. No little teeny tiny portions. You got plenty of food to keep you satisfied all day long. And you get two choices for each meal and snack every day that's run a program. The thing is fresh delicious. There are chicken dishes and beef and omelets and crepes and all kinds of good stuff and too many of the crepes that will make you grips. So if you want to lose weight, get with the real weight loss program even our good buddy ponytail. At the pizza law who surrounded by food all the time even he lost a lot of weight and balanced life. This might be the thing you've been looking for. Give it a shot. Balance for life. Column 9.5. 4.5. 6.6.8. 3.5. 4.5. 5.6.8. 3.5. 4.3. 5.5. 14. 4.5. 9.5. 5.6. 6.6. 6.5. 6.7. 6.9. 6.6. 5.9. 6.5. 4.6. 6.8. 9.5. 6.5. He says and barely helps. Bruce, I still got your magic. So what the hell happened now? He's alive man. I bet he's making cramps and cramps. Like daddy day care. The horn is good man. He's good to tie. He's a tiger. You're a rock and chants. You're a rock and chants. Dr. Cove. Very big speck you. Money luck. Holy man and ballfinger. One team enough. I got to tell you that won't make it. It wasn't pizza crap. I agree. Any my fears do I'm all stupid stuff. It's about to money. The money. She'll tie them in ice by scum. They went nowhere. That's also how he's making cramps. Like daddy day care. Oh man. The money she's even better. He can't be over to toilet. For a stunk but may not survive. I've made a fortune. For a baby. The golden chance. Just wasn't far away. Oh man. And maybe true wasn't funny but that's a cute kid. You see that kid's face. You're like a doll. Like a little portion of maybe black little doll. Cute kid. Not funny but cute. Daddy day care. They make some major cash. You ain't kid, baby. But I got a back in deal. But hey, here comes a major. Hot news blasts. Oh man. You've been in some, you get it. It's a fascinating, must be trash. You're killing me man. This thing is worse. One, two, three, four. But then turn on that. 11 or three at five, 60, WCOM. Oh yeah. I get this thing. Remember full sauceman was gone. Right. And bugging a crap out of me. Just a joke, Phil. And anyway, he is the divesting myself of his season hockey tickets. Which are right in front of me. He's got a pair. Right there near center rise. Right in front of me at the macaroon. Huh. And so what he would like to do. What he's sucking around for since everybody likes to use me and use this show. Just like that John guy with his favorite act to, I'm not going to do that thing, John. Don't take it personal. I already did you one favorite. I don't want to, you know. Our fair, our time is valuable. Look at all the spot. I think it's appropriate that I watched Glenn Geary Glenn Ross this weekend. And then coming to it like a basically empty log today. Because there's sales department back there. They're playing Pinochle. They're playing with each other. They're playing with a big one. They're playing bigger. Oh, brother. Very sad. Yeah, let's get to Alec Baldwin and they're okay to kick their ass. In fact, they kick him out the door would be good. So if anybody's interested in getting the great pair of season tickets that Phil is not going to renew this year. You still got the facts there. Or should I like fact you just back for free? No, of course not for free. If you want to buy great season tickets, you got to pay for them. Okay. A lot, a lot more than you make in a year. Okay, so forget about it. That's a lot. Now you still have this facts or not. I don't know a better fact of that. Okay, I'll facts if I want to get around with it. Right. And you can call George or Boner Boy or somebody there in Ella. Okay, up with Phil and you can work something out. Okay. Okay, here's the final vote. How do you rate the movie? I'm going to rate the movie. Recklium for a dream. 292 votes. That's pretty good for less than an hour. You know what? Never saw it. 166. 57% of the audience never saw Recklium for a dream. Which means your life is incomplete. And complete. If we were like giving you a great on an exam, you get an eye for incomplete. Neal's right. It's great. 66. It's good. 26. It sucks. 22. It's a week five. So let's see week and it sucks. 27. I've told you 92 votes. Not exactly. Of course, you know, fact 57% haven't seen it yet. What's wrong? How would you bet all this power this tremendous impact? Yeah, right. What about your answer? Hmm. Hmm. And what's your name, Senator? What's your point? What? What's your name? What's your name, Senator? Connally. Yeah. Jennifer. Jennifer Connally. I mean, there's got to be something there. Yeah, there's something. Oh, that's right. Then there was that old Kakka that called you that one day about her crotch shot. Which I mean, you talk about desperate. If that's what it takes to keep that guy going more power to him. But that's that's that's pretty. I think it's time for the old Washington light with a fully loaded piece. It's like the mirror was all steamy. There's nothing to see there. Okay, you saw some pubic here of Jennifer Connally's pubic here is what it takes. And I'm not good luck. It was a little silly. Well, send you something to mail. Of course, it'll probably really be a boner boy. Or maybe moths. Uh, speaking of people getting blown away. We try to tell you people don't take music too loud. Don't pay your radio too loud. We've been telling you that on a show for years. I'm going to be against the interest neighbor. A man enraged by loud music from a birthday party that went into the early hours. Yesterday morning shot five of his neighbors killing three of them. Kevin Evers 41 was founded his parents sunrise home. After he fled the scene where he'd been staying at 50177 Street. He's at the A.D. County jail on murder charges. Yesterday morning Patricia Ernesto Fondo Villa 33 laid in front of the apartment where he'd been celebrating his wife 27th birthday. Behind him lay his friend Luis Alberto Lidlid, Let his mom 34, inside under a happy birthday, Van Arle and another friend Elizabeth Ferrarra, police said. Two other people were suffered minor injuries taken amongst sign. I released yesterday. And none of our detectives can remember having a triple homicide never might have triple homicide by being a neighbor dispute. The PD Hernandez said. Bobby Hernandez. Ever said argued with a party or earlier that night asked him to turn their music down. He shot his victims around 4am from about 10 feet away. Nine shell casings were found on the street. One more. He'd been staying with a woman in apartment nine for about two weeks. Police were interviewing her and he wasn't released. So there he go. They came over and said, turn on a music. They didn't turn on the music. He was very upset. Pist off, fired up. He was, uh, went around a block. He would like he was thinking, Should I do it? Should I not? I didn't come back sat across the street and watched. He lifted his t-shirt and then just started blowing people away. Turned on the guy that music. And if you have your radio on extra loud right now, turn it down. Somebody's going to blow your brains out. Okay? I'm not trying to make light of a tragic situation. But turn the guy down noise down, baby. That's this week's message. I'm the new radio show is when it does. Who did it out? Here's the ultimate final vote on Syracuse for 333 votes. 173, 57% never saw it. Neal's right. It's great. 69. Good 26. It sucks 23. Okay, 6 and week 5. Neal's right. 5. Neal's right. And he did yes and fun. Go on. We all. We were sweating through everything. Oh, brother. Have any hear about how bad the beast smell? That was it for me. Get him off your show for Rally before it's too late. He'll kill you. He's got a long, long list of people who shows he's sabotaged. Am I right? Get him off of there. Or we could play for Rally off the air. We could play our Thanksgiving day show that the beast did. We had that. I think that would turn him around real fast. Here's your call for Miami. Hello. The watcher. Neal. He on a rease movie. The watcher. Yeah. Was that the name of it? Yeah. Where he had to grow a look at him. The watcher. That was pretty good. It was good. Uh, Rick, we, I had to tape it several times. My, as one of my daughter's favorite movies. I love the music. It's it. And the black guy that called her made Marion has made a lot of movies for John Carpenter. His name is David Keith. Yeah. So what did you think of the movie? I thought it was great. I'm going to ask you one stupid question. Ellen Burst and she's the one to play Greg and his mom and the actress sister. Sure. I recognize, I couldn't figure the name out when I heard her talking. I figured out who she was. That's her. Great. Great actors. Yeah. And Amsterdam question, please. Just one. You mentioned the coffee shop thing there. Is this an intentional thing to get rid of the coffee shop? Is it just about smoking in general that they're kind of cut out? It's another one. These militant anti smoking things. And apparently whoever's behind it is so stupid. They don't realize that whatever tourism they have left, which is not that much. He's been lucky evaporate. They don't want to find this. I don't think the war just about killed them first of all. And if they pass this law, they're done as far as it's. Well, what do you mean the war just about killed them? That that caught cut the tourism down way. Yeah. I had two years ago. There was a lot of people. And I was there in March and it was almost empty. Well, I see what you're talking about. The fact that people stop traveling. Yeah. Between the war and the terrorism and the SARS and all of these things. People are worldwide are traveling much less. But because of that unemployment there. And because the city is turned into an outdoor toilet. People just don't want to go there no more. Well, that would be the nail on the coffin if they cut out the car. Okay. Have a great day. Here's a fact. It says now that I know your taste in movies is bizarre as mine. I love wrecking and happiness. Momento in American psycho. You might like Magnolia or Mahal and drive a summer home. I saw Mahal and drive a couple of times. And, and Miller was in it. There's something about I don't know what it is. I've mentioned this before about Ann Miller. She's like a throwback, you know, like something from the ancient days of Shobinus. Yeah. But she's okay. She's good in that movie. You didn't like Mahal and drive? I can't remember if I saw it. Where they have the accident and the actress gets, she gets lost and they put her up and I don't want to go into it. No, I didn't. And there's the dead body on the bed. What do you want to see Mahal and drive? It's pretty interesting. I wonder. And what about Magnolia? I saw the important part of that. The frogs? Yeah. That was pretty cool. It says it does have time cruising, but only a small part. He's only got a small part. That's what I've heard. I'm not a cruise fan. It says, but he's good in this role. Mahal and drive is a David Lynch dome in the payoff is in the end. But if it pulls you in, you can be entertaining and confused. Like, yeah, it's like my mentor. It's like, what happened here and what's this all about? And who's the chicken a bed and it's it's pretty good. Magnolia has some scenes as funny and bizarre as Requiem. Here's our new pull that we're going to put up. It's not as exciting as more like, like I said, paper or plastic. What's the best breed of dog for a pet on you dog lovers out there? Golden retriever? And then I just let space for whatever people are going to call in and we'll, you know, I'm in the first example of somebody says pit bull on not put mad down. Some red next some assholes. Oh, pit bull. Now should we put it up now? I hate dogs or don't know. Well, I mean, we only got like three categories on here. So I won't be wait till we start filling it out. Sure. See, that's probably a good idea, beiner. Is to be got more than, more than one choice. Oh, in my case, I don't see that again. It's like Requiem for a drink. I don't want to be like an absoluteist like dick tutorial. But Golden retriever is the best pet in the world. I'm not going to get another one off. If I did get another dog, you want to know why? I'll give you one more. Years. Oh, oh. Years. Yes. He's out for it with a hot human climate. It's not a place for dogs with big ears. A lot of hawkers. Now, hawkers, that's another story. Huh? Softled is specializing in hawkers, but not hawkers, fanials or golden retrievers. Any kind of dogs with big floppy ears. Because it's a constant battle. Oh, it's so sad to watch all the grief and agony to go through the ear infections. Oh, and a good news that I never gave you. I've never gave it a good news about ears. Is that my ear finally opened up after all those weeks? Right. And I didn't realize it. Now, everything seems so goddamn loud. Everywhere I go, I'm thinking, why are you people talking so loud? But you told it down a little bit? No. Yeah, turn the music down, I'm saying this. No? 1114 at 5. Maybe that's what happened to that guy in the beach. Maybe he had the ears plugged up for a while, and it popped open. And he just, everything started seeming loud loud. You know, I could be, don't you think that's a good alibi? Let's get Ellis Rubin to defend him. Plug your syndrome. I'll tell you a place if you got a real problem with your weight. Certainly going in your regular supermarket is the answer, because almost everything they have in here will make you fatter and fatter and fatter and fatter. I mean, by taste good, but it's not good for losing weight. The lights were as focused and entire store dedicated to those people who are trying desperately to lose that fat, that unhealthy, nasty, grotesque look and fat. And it's your store, especially for the Atkins, done all the other low-carb sugar-free diets too. They're introducing right now their new almond snack cakes by control carb. Each serving is only one effective gram of carbs, or tried to light-snead chocolate raspberry muffin with only one gram of carbs. I said something a crunch on something crunchy and munchy and really good taste and try one of these three new flavors of low-carb racketships. So, whether it's the carbolite ice cream, the breads, rolls, cheesecakes, chocolate, pasta and sauces, any other 600 low-carb foods, the lights are west-pocus the place. You'll find them all because everything in his great store is dedicated to weight watches. You can always sample before you buy it too. They've got knowledgeable staff knows that, and in fact, we're forward upside down inside out open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10, they carry the most complete line of Atkins' grand products in the world that are always even better yet. 25% off the regular price all day every day. Head for the number one low-carb sugar-free store in the world, the lights are west-pocus. You'll find them on the northeast corner of blades in 441 right next to Boston Market. You can call them tool-free at 1-877 low-carb. Find them on a web if you like it at low-carb.com. Don't forget, there's only one day lights are west-pocus and this is your official Atkins retail set. I bet the local of the 60s, 50s. The rears of your top. You ain't. I try to bring a certain honesty to the program. Channel 22, New Zanker Dick Brown, talks about dedication. On a reased horrific, she's terrific. I've never worked with anyone as dedicated as her. She's your 24 hours a day working. My friends joke, they say, hey, man, have you had any of that? And man, I'd like to take a dip in her palm. It's true, she's an attractive co-increase. But her journalistic knowledge, the understanding of how to deliver a top notch to the point news program, was why I find her show-track and it's calling. What I f*****er. Of course I know. What I rather learn from her expertise? Absolutely. Dick Brown and Maria Alvarez. Just one more reason channel 22, news, BD's your number one source from local news. At what a funny coincidence, because you know, the proctorologist that Muff is going to do tomorrow for that exam. All right. That's his name. Dick Brown. 119. Now, what does this mean? Please add Boston Terry to the list. Okay, well, add Boston Terry to our doggy list. And also, it says, and work the, uh, something seven second. What does that say? I was hoping you could explain that. Work the, something. I can't read it. Billy and Bokeh, Billy and Pooley are paying my chip a little bit. Okay, but we added Boston Terry to make you happy. Work the movie. Seven seconds. That's the name of a movie. Not that I know. No, no, no. Here's the lady in for a lot of real. Hello. All right. Um, yeah, I'm sorry. I wanted to get a late vote in for a recmown for a dream. I loved it. It was great. It reminded me of, uh, I'm a young mom. And after I had my baby, the doctor was given me all kinds of, uh, anti anxiety drugs. And not just the old people who are on stuff, all the moms are driving around on the tranquilizers and things like that. Absolutely. America is completely hot. That's thanks to the doctors. But you know, my husband's a doctor. And he did not like the movie. Really? There you go. Well, yeah, because he said that, uh, he thought it was unrealistic because, um, they don't give a much or shock therapy anymore. Yeah, but, but, um, real. Well, wait a minute. Whoever went to see him, will be because it was realistic. Well, I'm like that. I said it's like a heightened, heightened reality. It's almost a real, not, you know, it's that wasn't the point. But he just he didn't like the way doctors were portrayed in the movie. Yeah. I thought I was in and hit a ronder if he took a person, probably shouldn't. Very personally. But it was great. I'm going to take a drive to sunrise lakes. There's plenty of Sarah Goldfarb's running on the loose. I just visited a parent's house, but told me he could get a ride. There you go. Thanks for coming to Monteneal. Bye. Bye. Shock therapy is being used again. We had an article that you were gone. That, uh, it's back. It's back. Bigger than that. It's back. It's back. Did anybody tell Jack Nicholson about it? He's going to be. Cheap. How about the chief? It was juicy for wasn't it? Yeah. 560 pound, 560 on the AT&T Verizon Wireless Line. By noon, we'll put up the doggy list. Okay. Because I'm sure we'll have some other suggestions. Okay. I don't know. I don't know. I really don't. Because I'm not going to get a golden retriever. And I certainly don't think that if I get another dog, I'm going to get another Min Pin unless I'm assuming that they all pretty much look the same, except for the brown ones. There are brown ones, which are like different breed. But the ones that are black like tiny ones, I think they all probably look pretty much like that. Don't don't get you a little dog. Little bug. Oh, just because you're irresponsible and you don't have no. We've had this discussion many times about these psychotic nature of little dogs. They're psychotic in their hyper. But they're also, they're also neat little company. And they don't take out a lot of space. And they don't have all kinds of ear problems in all of these things. Of course, every now and then they do go out and they flop into pool and get nervous. Or every once in a while, they go out and chew on a boofo toad and start dancing upside down. But you know, that can happen with any kind of a dog. There's like, closest to his funny. Yeah, that's what makes him neat little dogs. The fact that they're see tiny had like 10 different personalities. He was a skits away. He was like, what's your name? Well, I'll leave you the havelin and the snake pit. You were always complaining about tiny. Did I, what did I just get through saying? I don't think I'd want to get another Min Pin. And if I did, but I would be trying to do it like we place a dead dog with another one to like, you know, they look the same. And probably call it Tony or something like that. Rescue you stuff with dog. Something that's about to die. No, I don't want to get a dog that's about to die. Christ, we rescued your ass. Well, more do we have to do to redeem ourselves, huh? Get him paid. No, now you're getting a little carried away. Come on, Clara. Let's get him his money. This is a kid that just can, he's driving a car with no air conditioning. No radio. He lives under the overpass. He's working his ass off on our website. He does more work in one day than you on your story, as thin than your end-your-op operations manager doing a month. Get him as paycheck. You scumbag, you low-life. You no talent suckling. You Joseph Gackie wannabe. Well, that's really something what you're a Joseph Gackie wannabe. That's bad. That's a sad comment. That's what it encourages. I didn't know I had. Yeah. Good. And crevices he didn't know he had. That's really saying a lot. And it not the beast talking about crevices he didn't know he had. Black dough. I love eating nuts. Oh, brother. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. And Verizon line. Here's homestead, hello. Jeff, I've put that plate down. The buffet is for closures. For closures only. We know. Yeah, we know. I've got to clean. Lame reading from Grim Gary Glen-Ross. That's going to be our movie tomorrow. That was Alexander Baldwin Jr. Jr. Very weak. Here's a call from Tamara. Hello. Yeah, sir. You're going to change. I need to remove your recommendations to you last week. I... Dr. Calboy and Barfly. Did you get a chance to see it there? No. He should. I mean, how many can I watch in one weekend? I watched Grim Gary Glen-Ross. Huh? What is it? I missed that. Okay. Glen-Gerry Glen-Ross and Momento. I mean, if somebody calls in and gives me a recommendation, I'm not going to go rushing right out and go buy it and watch it that afternoon. Unless I'm just like, maybe just by coincidence. I'm making a list, checking it twice. Rules of attraction. I don't think so. Somebody should get to that toward the effect. Two people should get to the last week. And a pump that's in that is the kid from Dawson's Creek. Oh, I get a Crick in my neck when I see him. He just gives me shi-filpies that I don't like him. And wasn't that supposed to be the big attraction? Yeah, him and the other guy. No thanks. And just a good deal. See, that's a great thing that you can go online now and you can go to like amazon.com or ebay or any of those. And you can watch the trailer from the movie's on there. You can actually watch it. You can hear it if you got a computer that's got a audio card, which mine doesn't. Isn't that pathetic? Isn't that sad? Yeah. Give me a comment. This is a radio station. They provide me with a computer up here. That's a pretty dang good one. Worst is fine. But no audio cards. Why can't you hear any sound? Asoles. Cheap, faster, Bobber, mooth. Dickhead. Here's Northmany Beach, hello. Oh, I know. Yes, sir. Ellen Bernstein, right? Burst and not Burst and her husband. She's Burst made. Was Resurrection to decide on one? No. Oh, great movie. She dies. She comes back. Consciously special powers. Great, great movie. I'm going to get that. That sounds like my kind of movie. I'm going to get that one to read. That direction. It's an oldie. It's from the police. I'm going right out and get it. Also, long time companion to decide? No. Oh, another incredible movie. I highly recommend everybody to see long time companion. So I got it. Thanks. Thanks. Okay. We're making a list of the next 20,000 movies that Neil's going to watch. Rules of attraction. I'm crossing it out. Fair. Forget about it. Shall I all grade? That one sounded interesting, although with British training day. That didn't you say training day? Wouldn't like? But we got to, you were confusing Morgan Freeman with Denzel Washington. I said Morgan Freeman, I was talking about seven. Why didn't you correct me at the time? I tried. You tried? You went on with something else. Well, I was far too. They all looked the same to me. Denzel Washington. Well, what's wrong with Denzel Washington? He's okay. I didn't know if you liked him could stand him. Whatever. I don't watch movies or not unless it's somebody who really nauseates me like Bruce Willis. Okay. Why didn't know you were a stand on Denzel. Or am I watching movies? Somebody really like a lot like even Hawk. Dedica. Dedica. Wave that heck you again. He's an Dedica. Don't say that. That's my favorite part of the movie when he stands there. Wave that what? Mom. Mom. Mom. Twenty seven past eleven five six seven. Five six. Sixty. Can you get me up though? Oh, if I'd win, nice job on this one, be in your boy. Say. He's a little foker Brian experience there on that clip. His bad. Yeah, his bad. But that was the only one. Keep your friends close. But you enemies close. Al Pacino is a pity. Lennie by the way. I want the world to know that. Twenty eight past eleven five six. Don't forget salespeople are assholes. I guess my doggy pole ain't going to go over to big huh. Well, and we'll just put it up golden retriever in Boston Terrier. We'll just put up those two choices. Somebody's been a win. Chomachepard. Chomachepard. Chomachepard is good. German Shepherd are too big. They're not as big as some people think they are. What does that mean? They're not considered a big big dog. Like, like, old ones or golden are bigger than German Shepherd. Really? Yeah. And then they have those miniature German Shepherd. Do you have a scene in there? They are not. And they have the best of them. Hello German dogs. I don't know. Superstish. Yeah. It might, it might, uh. You understand? You just stop all things track of everyone. Yeah. I think the way things are going right now is probably not my time for German dog. What's in the name? Twenty nine past eleven. Here's a couple of names for a time layman and Joe Prieto at Hall of Patti XEMC. They think that the people listen to the show are the greatest. That's, I guess, because they haven't mentioned yet. And Hall of Patti XEMC check out the U.S. Vigas election of 2003 GMC on voice on voice excels. You con you con excels and denalis. That's right. Nobody's got a bigger selection in the hall. Like I just said, Hall of Patti XEMC 13411. If you're credit is marginal, if it's weak, never a problem. And Hall of Patti XEMC SUVs. Neal deals and lots more. See Hall of Patti XEMC 13411. That's on U.S. One across from the falls where they've been making great deals for over 35 years. Open every day, seven days a week. For more information called the Neal Deal Hotline toll free, 1-Triple 8-534-447. That's 1-Triple 8-534-447. And don't forget no matter what kind of a vehicle you're looking for. Be sure, mention your head about the Neal Deal and save even more cash. Hall of Patti XEMC, they definitely are professional grade. We're supposed to be in the law. We're supposed to be in the 5-6-4. You a-m. Oh, hello. I need me to stand a stop. It was the summer of 1962. I was working as a White House in turn for the Kennedy administration. A days of Camelot. My duties included filing, answering phones, delivering documents, and pulling the president's lap cafe. It was a very exciting time in my life. I was 19 years old and never knew what would happen from day to day. One day, for instance, I might be asked to escort highly salassy into the Oval Office. The next day, maybe, I'd be asked to zip off J. Edgar Hoover's floral pattern dress. And of course, full, I'm a presidential lap cafe. And I also remember being asked to make president Kennedy comfortable when he finished his daily swim. It was my job to bring him his towel, his flip flops, and then young, down his speedo and pull the lap cafe. But the mood in the White House changed later that year with the Cuban missile crisis. During that time, President Kennedy didn't think about sex till after nine in the morning. My right forearm began to look like papais. And I had to have my blouse sleeves let out to make room for my taffy puller. I remember one memory very vividly. The president and I were alone in the residence watching Beverly Hill, Billy's. He was naked from the waist down and was calling me Ellie May as I pulled the lap cafe. But two weeks following that experience, President Kennedy asked that I wear a rope as a belt. It feels so good to finally have the secret out and to let my grandchildren know I was a White House full-sheet. At least now they know why Grammar's right forearm is so damn freaking massive. 27 to noon at 5.60. WC, we got the mad dog at 2. Got that mad dog at 2. Oh, thanks for my 4 to 7 at Chulis Day 2. Then we got the big- Oh, it's 7 o'clock tonight because there's no ball game. Nothing else wouldn't stick in there. And then 10 o'clock it's at a K and Joe and Mark overnight 2 to 5. That's the pristine line up today with no ball games to interfere to get in the way to chase the audience away. Now what is this papillon? I thought you were doing movies with me again. But this is a dog, partly. Doesn't look like my kind of dog. It's kind of hard to tell from this picture because in third generation by the time it got from 0.80, you to me. It looks like one of those fluffy, a puppy. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. Gay. No, I'm not gay, but just well, maybe gay. I like it curly dog. Maybe that's why they said it to me. I don't like curly dogs. I like manly dogs like tiny. You've stirred nearly long fringe butterfly like ears, other reason behind the breed's name, Papillon being French for butterfly, but there's also a drop here at variety called the Failing named after a nightmoth which drops its wings. Ah, on the continent both varieties are called continental toy spangles. Well I thank you. Not for me. This dog look 8 to 11 inches weighs 9 to 10 pounds. Hmm. That look like my kind of dog. They have a great spot. Maple leaf brand chicken. I mean, I have to tell you about this because you won't be seen it there. Maple leaf brand chicken is got a great spot where it's like a take off on a Westminster Kindle club show. Right, only with chickens. Oh, God. And they got the judge standing there in his touch seat when of course they've got like four All these people standing around his bigger rena. And they got a chicken standing at top of each of platform. Cockster hand. And he goes over and he puts his hand on his one cock and he lifts up its tail. And the announcer courses doing this thing breathlessly. And I think he's made a decision. And he comes over and he points in there all cheering and then the owner takes the chicken on the leash. And he's strutting around. You have to see it to get the full impact. And it makes you realize that whole thing about the Westminster counter club has nothing to do with dogs. The dogs are really props. The dogs are strictly props. And what a shame that is. I think we ought to turn those bastards into the pet of people. You know what? Serve them right. Peter. Yeah, the Peter people. Treating them dogs using them like that for their own self-aggrandizement. Nobody watches that to see the dog. I'm almost nobody. They watch those asshole. Those silly ass people strutting around with their dog on the leash. Oh, it is so. Why don't we start that? Why don't we start the chicken show? In the, uh, huh? Where's some other kind of show where you like to bring your partner and strut them around on the leash? In P.P. Yeah, something animals on a leash or people on a leash. He's. Including a many of our salespeople. Most of them. 560, 560, pound 560 on the 18 and 10. This dog pole is going over like halvaya and Saudi Arabia. Not big. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Okay, sir. I got a dog for you. Okay. The, uh, levered over to you. Okay. Beautiful dog. And as far as what George, I can't stand George, George is at the complete ab. Yeah, this is the same guy. I'm not even putting that down. I'm not even putting it down. It's a shame because I would have been my suggestion. But just a little bit down. I will put it down. I'll put it down and pretend that you said it. That's just, I mean, why do you, we know you hate George fire, but the waste of call and waste everybody's time. And George, so outside I hate you. Okay, fine. You hate George. Great. Well, we've made a note of it. I wrote it on my right arm. Right where Leonard would write it if he had a room left, but he doesn't. Right under the tattoo that said this call is a douche bag, which I'd forgotten. Get a life pass. Okay. Get a frickin' life. You're boring. You're turman with your pond with your idiot. You make George seem almost a human. Here's a lady in Boiton Beach. Hello. Lady in Boiton Beach. Is gone? The lady in Boiton Beach is gone. Hello. Hello. Yes. I have a suggestion of Scotty or the West Island carrier, the white one. Well, what is it we need called? West Island carrier? The white one's the West Island carrier. And the black one is just the Scotty. Oh, well, let's just put down Scotty. They don't know what that means. And they have excellent dispositions. Right. Wonderful dogs. Good with children. Good with everybody. Don't have big ears, though. No. I think they're pointed out. I had a thought. No. They're pointed up so they get air. Oh, thank God. And you know, if you could even consider a dog from a shelter, because they are for ever-grateful meal. Right. You don't have to get a fancy schmancy. You know, to impress somebody. No, you don't have to go out and spend hundreds of dollars to get a dog. That's for sure. Oh, I mean, just a good animal. In fact, I always believe that the best dog is a mutt. That's right. So they're healthy and they're happier. Right. And a lot cheaper, too. Right. Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay. Put Scotty down. And there we're the list to start to grow a little bit now. So we put mutt. I mean, mutt isn't a breed, but it's an opinion. It's pretty all inclusive, but sure. Why not? Let's put mutt down there. Okay. Which is all inclusive. But I mean, a little mutt, half and half. Little mongro kind of like, go to boy there. You know, half-reken, half-maxim. That's why I was just going to say. Of course, we know which happy it will let them up find out for us. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. What's the best breed of dog for a pet? Don't know. Never had a dog. I hate dog. We can go ahead and put it up there. Okay. Because we'll probably get some of the choices on here. I'm just kind of curious, because the only I'll tell you the only kind of dogs ever had my life. My first dog when I was a kid was a mutt. He was part, um, pomeranian and part-fox terrier. Sounds like a good combo. No, was not. Okay. He had a namin. Yeah, he was okay with me, because he was my dog. But he had a nasty disposition and strangers. He'd bite him. He would. He'd snap at him. And he would bite their ass. Not a nice dog. And I've had the men with the men pin and the golden retriever. Those are the only three dogs ever were handed my life. Don't get a spragrish spanish. Why not? Disposition. Really? Yeah, they have big floppy ears. They have the cockers. Oh, you know, the eagle there. There's another one I like, Beagle. I think there's sweet dogs, but boy, and Florida. Foppy, pounds. Any kind of hound. Bass and hound. Right. What a big, big ears. How about a, uh, uh, what's your call it? A sausage dog. Oh, the, uh, dog. The dog. The dog. No. There's a lot of people in Germany. I did see people walking their duck shwins. Those are silly dogs. Silly dogs now. So I have big floppy ear. Right. Right. You see how look like mutants. Oh, come on. It's bad. You know, a goose talking. He's talking about the ducks and look like mutants. Yeah. Hey, I'm in proportion. Oh, yeah. Mm, I like that. That's what I heard. 567. 560. Pound 560. On the AT&T Verizon wireless line. We'll get that pull up there. Any minute now. We have golden retriever Boston Terrier German Shepherd laboratory risk body. Mut. And I know that it just a matter of time before you send along to me a fact. And it says, Oh, Neil, we got a bunch of min pin puppies in the, yeah. At the hockey games, there's this one lady in her daughter for a nice people. Maybe they're listening right now. My best wishes. Race wheat. But they're always trying to pon off dogs on me. But they'll probably want a dog for. I'm never there. Right. Although a nice for John to have a dog replaced tiny. Tiny was good company, you know, especially as you got older, he became less psychotic in. And then I mean a little bit less psychotic. And he was just kind of like lay around like a, like a like line. This is blanket like a security blanket. See what I mean? Yeah. Sounds something the small to grab onto. You can relate to that. I sure can. 1141 at 560 WQM need a creative gift for fathers. They're somebody's graduation. Do something fun and memorable send an authentic romantic. In fact, if you forget right it on your arm. Don't receive a beautiful beer handcrafted in Vermont and personalized just for your dad or graduate with a free card and gourmet. Caramel. I just gourmet candies, but gourmet or do you say caramel? Caramel. That's what I say. All delivering the couple give box. Just call a bear counselor toll free at 1-800-829 beer. And they'll help you pick out the perfect beer like the groovy grad bear or the classic graduation bear wearing a black or white yarn, grad cap, and holding it a ploma. You can even add their name and the greed of the gun if you like. It's the perfect gift for any college or high school graduate. They've got over 100 bears for Dan Taylor to his job or hobby. So call 1-800-829 bear or shop online at Vermontetibare.com. Sending a bear as the creative alternative to flowers for birthday new baby, any occasion. Send a bear to show you a cure for fathers. All walks get Sexgoating or Celebrated. What's the first time his ever georing a heaven, Coach Alfred Crester and Ed. It's Eve. Dan Taylorberg & G He's a relative, and nicknamed for rabbits, Australia in town. That's exactly why his first female, yet are marked on the Beach Square. Damage. Normal Forget board Georgian Speedos if you want to get noticed on the beach. She'll up with a Sandy Johnson. Sandy Johnson swimwear from Mad as the latest look to get you noticed. That's because every Sandy Johnson swimsuit comes with real beach sand sewn right in the crotch. So when you walk, go let it down to beach everyone will know. You've got a Sandy Johnson. And for gals there's Sandy Gapslamwear. Where is Tidy Dog? And you'll know why it's a Sandy Gapswim suit. Sandy Johnson and Sandy Gaps. We have to get it. 1146 here's the worst news possible. I can't think of too many things worse than this. We knew it was coming you know. As expected, the FCC voted this morning to ease media ownership rules, but most of the changes around the TV side. That's great. Rupert Murdoch now can own every TV's channel. All spin all day. The main changes to radio ownership rules involved the redefinition of markets along Arbitron Metro lines and the allowing of newspaper owners to own TV and radio stations in the same market. The commission which voted three to two along party lines to approve the revisions, which means the three Republicans at a once who passed the push-listing through, also up to percentage of TV households, a TV station owner conserved, from 35 to 45 percent and allowed TV duopolis and markets under certain conditions, and triopolis in the largest markets with more than 18 full market stations, New York and Los Angeles latter have currently temporary NBC on three station cluster, but left the UHF exception intact, quitted the UHF stations with half of a market households. You follow that? You got the math down? Got it. Chairman Michael Powell, who of course is son of Colin Cancer Powell, and commissioners Kathleen Abernathian Kevin Martin, the three Republicans, voted for the new rules while commissioners Michael Cops and Jonathan Adullstein that Democrats voted to get him. Media Bureau chief Ken Ferry started the hearing by noting how his children don't distinguish between broadcast and cable TV stations, Ferry called the old ownership rules unenforceable and indefensible and praised his staff for their work on the new proposal. Yadiyadeyad, in a scozan pages and pages and pages, you want to put this on our thing on the website? I go ahead, yeah. When you get a chance, stick it on her, and they can read it in the weep, okay. Read it and weep. Pathetic. So now we can have like three or four companies that know every guy at the MTV station. We've already got three or four companies on almost every radio station and the newspapers and a part-vision and peer tree. So it can continue having less than less. In fact, the article that we have on there now on the website today, the headline is it's from the early times. Hurt the local news it may soon be hard to find. Amen, brother. Because everything is going to be pre-packaged just like cheap channel. Where do hell is the local news? They have IOD which is supposed to be the market's news station. They have a popore of news in the morning. And then like during the war, they were putting a bunch of crap on there like a John Levitt. Hyperventilating and sucking the president's ass. Oh my god, putting a bunch of misinformation on here. By the way, do you know that Sodom and his son are dead? Where you should have been listening to IOD that night when I dropped the two big ones. DJ Valentine says, Way of the gun. Written and directed by the man who did the usual suspects. It's like a person they make a bunch of Sundance. Best movie James Con is done in a while. Try Diggs, Penissio del Toro, Ryan Kalip, and Juliet Lewis, who's Ryan Kalip. Uh, what else? Some guy. A lot of gunplay, but it's great. The funny is opening scene in movie history. Way of the gun. He has training days. Great. Completely different Denzel. They're what we're used to seeing. Yeah. He's like a lot more like Morgan Freeman and this movie are ready. He's gritty. Yeah. Rounds with. What a pity I haven't seen yet. I got my list is growing. Now this is good. Way of the gun. I completely forgot about way of the gun. But that's that's definitely a lesson. Let me write it down. Okay. Way of the gun. This is good for the Ken out Canadian economy, eh? Is excellent. Let's see. What to see movie this past weekend? It was suggested by the X. And by the way, for those people in the audience who don't like movies? Because they're going to be some OG that talks so much about movies now. Bye bye bye! Who doesn't like movies? Huh? I don't know. I mean, I realize it's so Florida you'll find, you know, you'll find people that don't like truck with two. I mean, there's always some asshole out there. Ted Kizinski. Yeah, he don't like movies. He's busy writing stuff. Bye bye bye! How about Eric Rudolph, huh? Hmp2. Yeah, he probably don't like movies too much. Although he, uh, he does like the one he's showing a bat cave. He likes him bat man movies. This is an excellent facts from Mark who says, The more down junior, uh, what I say, more down a junior look alike. Like, kind of rush her because we got so many spots. The more down a junior look alike and recommend for dream is a highly underrated actor named Christopher McDonald who routinely is stuck with material that doesn't more distance. Among his other good movies and performances he played 21 host Jack Berry in Quasho. And I was a good movie. Yep. And he played Mel Allen in 61, a recent HBO movie about the man, Maddleman, Maris, home run record chase. I'm trying to think of I saw that. I didn't know you wouldn't because it's a sports thing dummy. I've seen some baseball movies. Like what? Uh, the natural. Oh, Robert Redford? Yeah. He makes me cook. Uh, cuckoo. That was on once. I was a good movie that he was in. All the presidents men. Um, chair my Johnson. But he's, I don't know. He's just to me. He's highly overrated. Mm-hmm. And I'm, I, I don't, I, I, I don't, I doesn't dare say it. I've said it before too, but he's, you know, there's just something about Alpachino. He either, if you watch Glenn Gary Glenn Ross again. Mm-hmm. There's something when he's sitting there with his desk. And Jack Lemon is going through a big song and dancing about how he made this cell. No, it's, it's, it's, it's before that. I think it's when his client comes in and tries to back out of the deal. Uh-huh. And he starts making this sound and he doesn't like, it's not who-oh, but it's very similar. Boom! Like that. I'll see you again now. Yeah, you'll have to watch it again. And with our sales department, it's certainly we have a great inspiration to watch it over and over and over again. I've seen it like four or five times. Including even many of our sales holes, so aren't there anymore like Frank, fabulous Frank? Boy, we sure missed John Peanuts at WQAM. I'll tell you that, you know, they not came a lot. And I guess he probably put a few sliders through a letter. But who the hell didn't you know? He was good, at least he was good for this show. He sold this show like crazy. Popped Janko, look what we got. Anyway, it's for the character itself, meaning the more downy Junior look like and recommend for a dream. It says he does have a name. His name is Tabby Tiddons. The best part is that they've modeled mostly improvised the material for the character. And they did all in one day incredible. I'm phenomenal performance sadly overlooked. I don't really look by me. I thought he was great. We got a winner. He was by Sarah. He was by Sarah. I choose by Sarah. What does that mean? We have no idea. One to the sad news. This is bad news. We're going to need to get the drop in. A little work for Boner Boy there. On April 12, 2003, Sydney Lastic passed away from complications of diabetes. Who was Sydney Lastic? I wouldn't have any idea would you? Sydney Lastic was the actor portrayed Charlie Cheswick in one flow of the cook who's nest. No longer will we be able to demand his cigarettes from his ratchet. Cook who's nest was the only movie ever saw him, but Danny left an impression all of us. No red meat, no refined sugar when thinking of thin. Says Mark. Not that Mark is impressionable or anything like that. Thinking thin. And with the help of Windsor Pilates man with the old scissors. Let's see what you do with the scissors as you cut out the fat. Or cut your throat. Yeah. Now you cut the fat out and big chunks just leave it around. Sydney Lastic died. I want my cigarettes, Miss Ratchet. And you did say Miss Ratchet not in Ratchet. You want to make sure we get these all the lines right. All the drop ends all the time. Get them right. Man's clothes. Put your enemies close. There you go. Anyway, here's the fact. This is what to see movie this past weekend. I was suggested by the Express. The movie was called Friends and Family. The plot was about the game off here. It's the worst movie I've seen in years. Don't waste your time even if you're curious. It tried to be humorous, but it wasn't like weighted an F. As in F them. Okay, Mark that down on the list of do not see any time soon. Friends and families. Gabe. Probably about that Montana mafia. The one at the Brad Pitt had problems with. That's seriously stuff and think about that. I realize the mafia's got their testicles, you know, reaching far all over. But a little bit ridiculous to think that the mafia. It's not the same mafia. What is that? It's a bunch of cattle ranchers and land developers and things like that. Oh, I'm so relieved to know. Although the bad news is Brad Pitt is still dead. I'm so depressed about the fact that the end of the movie. I realize that it's Craig Sheffer is an old man standing there throwing out his bait. Oh, what? Why couldn't they just a chapter off before we saw him? Yeah, and then you wouldn't have been as depressed. I don't want to be depressed. It was depressed enough when they killed the Brad Pitt. But then Daddy made up for when he said he was beautiful. Maybe Daddy was a little bit. Well, he wasn't a preacher, you know. Right. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. How are you? I'm doing great. How are you? Great. I have a great dog for you. Okay. Shetland sheep dog. Shetland sheep dog. Yeah, they're also called shelters. Okay. Great medium sized dog. Not too small, not too big. Give it to aren't they real hairy though? You know, they have a very thick coat. But in terms of shedding, I tell you I have a pair of them. It's much better than having a short hair dog. The hair will periodically come off in little clumps. They'll just roll into the corners and you can go by with your swift form. Pick them right up. Mm-hmm. What do you mean is better than having a short hair dog? What do you mean by that? The short, the short, you remind me, well, my mom has a short hair dog. In the little hairs, they're just all over the floor. They come off. They're all over New Constantly. I mean, the clean of the floors. And mop and all of that with these top dogs. The shedding is absolutely not a problem. Oh, we cured tiny of that shedding problem. No, I used to pop them and every time he would shed, I'd pop them in a microwave for 30 seconds and stand there and look at him. He's threatened to hit the start button and he would stop shedding. Well, you know, that's a very good technique. I like it. He had a, he did have a problem that sounded like shedding, but he never did stop that. Yeah, I heard a lot of that. I don't know. I don't think I'm going to listen that. One thing about little dogs no matter how house broken they are, how old they are, how well trained you think they are. They always like to leave you with little surprise. Little presence all over the place, huh? Right. Right. Well, you know, poor little things. They're so small. They can't keep it in. Is that what it is? And I'm going to tell you for dog that it's it's utmost that the top he ever weighed was 10 pounds. He sure could pack a punch. I'll say to that. Oh, I'll pack a punch. Yeah, that'll ruin your whole day coming home to that. Well, I got you down. She had one sheep dog. Sheep dog. Check him out. You can look about on the internet. They look like small colleagues. Okay. Thanks. Thanks a lot. Talk to you later. Bye. Bye. Here's a whole list of okay. 10 pics. Good. That's a bummer from a any top 10 as we rate the top 10 dogs and view families interacting with the most be loved came minds. So here it is from the a and e. Beagle. I guess we should put all these down. Right. All right. Sure. Well, why not? Why not? Oh, be Sean frisay. I don't know. The callers used to have two of those be Sean frisay. Have you ever seen him? No. See, I'm not into like dogs that are like real free like a little like a bundle of free. You know what I mean? I'm a little like a pomeranian. Like a pomeranian is a good example. Like there's a head in there somewhere. You know what I'm talking about? I don't know. This is like lady dogs. I mean, even though that's right for girls. Seriously, those are girly dogs. I'm not into girly dogs. I like a manly dog. Like a golden creature even a minpin is a manly dog. You know, even though it's little in barks a lot and is a pin in the ass. Border collie. What about a regular collie? Right. Let's put down in the collie and border collie. Yeah, put this whole list down on there. Just facts the additional list of Eric. Boston, Terry, we got right. Foxy. Foxy is a lot of good word about boxers in Florida. Short hair don't shed pointy ears. Yeah. Super smart, super smart. Right. And medium size and they don't, you know, crap giant land. Didn't sound like a garb hung over with song about them. That's right. And the clearing crats the boxer. Cockrass fan you. You're in Shepherd. We got golden retriever. We got land retriever. We got total sea. I'll put it down because I know a lot of people especially ladies in that. A ladies dog. Yeah, they're supposed to be smart and it's not what you think. I don't care. I don't. I don't. Can you see what I'm walking my pool? I don't want to even touch one. Right. Now, no, seriously, there are some breeds of dog that to me aren't like dogs. I know that sounds insensitive and cool and is bad for my images of dog. However, which I really fancy myself as being. But, uh, I don't know. And they bite. Poodles bite? Yes. Well, they're either in the top whatever it is. 10, 20 of. Well, if that's the case. I guess the poodle is out. But we'll put around the list because a lot of people out there live up poodle, especially the ladies. 1159 at 5.60 WQM. I've been talking about dialometres for so long. Sometimes people ask if I re-sleep on a bed from dialometres. Well, the answer is, there are a long time as a matter of fact. And here's why. Because you won't get a better deal anywhere on a planet. You won't find a company more dedicated. Customers satisfaction and dialometres. These are some of the finest people I've ever done business with. They're ranked number one in customer satisfaction because of it. One quick call to 1-800 mattress. And you won't believe how easy how simple it is to pick out the perfect bed for you, depending on how you sleep. The expert bed in consultants guide you through the whole process. These people know their product details couldn't be more helpful if they have their lines dependent on it. Everybody was sure when they started stealing it toward the house, brand, or maybe a discontinued set, or a mismatch, or some kind of crap like that, forget about it. That amount of for cells only the best. Top quality ceilies, service Simmons, and tempered pedic mattresses would no sales gimmicks and no false promises either. They've got the high-end vids too like ceilies crown jewel line and the top models from every brand all at low prices every day. Call 1-800-MATTRES right now. You'll see exactly what I'm talking about. Ask about the corporate exchange policy. If you're not completely 100% satisfied, they'll exchange with no questions. Act. Plus they give you a free set up. Free removal. You get to choose the date and time for delivery that puts your schedule. Nobody else in the universe does all of these things. I'm telling you, Dalamaik Press is the easiest, the smartest way to get you a great night sleep for months and years to come. Call him toll-free. 1-800-MATTRES. Be sure to mention fat boys name. They'll get a chuck a lot of it. 1-800-MATTRES or check them out on the web at matris.com. My life and local, we're sports radio 560-U.A. U.A.M. Asso. The whole commission got hottest movie for the year on the special effects of groundbreaking the acting magnificent. The cinematography in credible. Then there's the plot. You see machines have taken over the world where all enslaved by the Matrix except the guy from the Bill and Ted Dex on adventure will be in the gameplay that he turned it. So what's really happening isn't happening at all, but it is, but it's not. Now they're free, but are they really free? Everybody wants to know why it is not so free. They went black blood or outfits and sunglasses and they do freaky sick kung fu tricks, agent Smith who died in the first movie. But now we can copy and paste themselves in and out of the Matrix. Kind of like a real fancy word perfect program. Plus the chick who plays Trinity is all tricked up good and you can see your butt. The Matrix is real good. We suggest you get noted before you see me loaded. Otherwise you want to know about Ches and hell of understanding. We don't get done. They have another movie called Matrix Revolution, which is actually the second app. This movie reloaded, doesn't get none of it truly happening anyway, but it is. The Matrix we loaded. That sounds like we got it to that low blow bit. Yes, it is. Covo 2 at 560 WM, the two best dogs ever had according to this facts are and we got them both on the list. Boxer and a Boston Terrier. See now let me tell you, Terriers are like little Yippie dogs. You want me by that? Yippie Kaier? Yeah, Yippie Kaier Kao. You know what I'm talking about? I like Yippie, Yippie, Yippie. Snappy. Am I wrong? No they are. Why like I told you, Skippy, my first dog when I was a little kid he was part of Pomerine in part the Fox Terrier. I don't think the Pomerine was like real bad. I love a Yanbee Skippy here in the building. Yeah. I heard he's in that case is what I heard. I heard he's in that job. Now who was it that was bitching about all the water Nazi? We didn't put that on the air. Water Nazi was bitching Skippy out last week one day. Which I don't understand why because even though he is a retard, he means well. When you say? No. Like I said when it comes to Skippy he's in an asshole. I mean he didn't say he's competent but at least he's not well. Okay, he's a QM sales girl. That speaks for itself. Boxer sounds interesting. I don't know. Boxers are nice dogs like you said. They're pretty and everyone that I've spoken to who's ever had one. Only rave is about them. Great temperament. Great temperaments. Speaking of Ryan Phillips is this fact. Have you ever seen the modern day we make of dangerous liaisons called cruel intentions? No. Don't see it. I'm also don't see it. Don't see it. I'm also going to travel more time to get you to see Brazil. If you watch this while thinking of all those people who call you about the Patriot I'd tell their way me give up some of their freedoms for the sake of safety. Brazil. Yes I. And don't see it. I see I don't have time with this list that I'm making it. Look, I got resurrection way of the gun. Shadow grave training day legends of the fall. House of games. $20 bill. Magnolia. I got along with this draft. Trap with the Kevin Macon bacon. I don't have time for marginal movies. I'm only one greatness. You know what I mean? Great. Greatness. Also the guy from a mentor was in a remake of the time machine of what it all caused. Yeah. Here you go. Here's another one for our list. Pugs. Now see that's not my kind of dog at all. Yeah. They would have flat face like that right. It looks like they went into a shower. Something. What was that? Pugs? Pugs? No, each alley. Bulldogs. Yeah, them too. Pugs are nothing. Bulldogs. Put bulldog on a list to just for the fun. I don't like bulldogs. No. I think what I'm coming out of a closet is here. They are a selective dog like her. I mean, I do love dogs. And if somebody had a dog and he brought it by no matter what kind of dog I've pet it and pretend to be nice to it. But it's like people. Some people you like better than others and some people you'd like to pet more than others. And some people they're okay. But you're not that crazy about hanging around with. Right? Yeah. I see a lot of similarities. Like for example, right in the building. Let's see Eric, your root-all family spent time in homestead is this is this fact. What is always a flower connection to everything growtiskin the nasty. Oh, look at this. A jack Russell terrier. They're very, very good. My first dog and she's great or an English bulldog. It says, like we got bulldog. Jack Russell terrier. I can't imagine what I can't think of my mind. I've heard so much discussion about that. Right? Right? Remember then? What is that? I don't know. If I did this. See if I had a break longer than three seconds. I might be able to go on and do a search on a way on the net. But now I can't do anything. This sales department or I must have watched Glenn Gureklon Ross a lot about a week or two ago. Man, I'm serious. Bring Alec Baldwin in there and tie those bastards to a guy named Desk. And let him just cuss their ass out. In fact, just for all time sake, bring back. Rrr! He deserved it. He was another rocket scientist. Look at all the different sales holes that we've been through. And I would be at this station. I think back over the years. Some of the other places. Wow. Wow. Wow. By the way. Yes. Jack Russell terrier is a beautiful dog. Is it beautiful dog? If you see it, you know what it is immediately. I mean, that's a good question about that. And I even remember reading a thing on the internet about where that came from the name and a whole week. We talked about that a long time ago. I mean, you know, let's face it folks. When you've been on the air for a hundred years, like I have in his town. Is there anything we haven't talked about? Other than who I'm dating. I mean, other than that. Here's the appool. What's the best breed of dog for a pet? And this isn't going to go over all that big because it's not exciting, you know? Because I'm thinking of getting another dog. I know I shouldn't be talking about that out loud. Because then my mother will be calling and bitching me out. You know, see dogs are as George has discovered. Dogs are responsibility and they like tie you down a little bit. And they, you know, but now that we found that dog you haven't placed. What's in there place? Park Avenue. Right. Now that we got that, I don't have to worry that everybody's out of town. There's nobody in the house that, you know, we don't have a place to take the dog. Because that one bad experience I had with my two dogs there. Oh, that was bad. That was really very unfortunate. That was sad. That was sad, Dr. West. Why? I just said. I just said you a page of all the dog breeds. You click on the breed. It'll show you stuff. What do you mean by that? When you open your email, there'll be an attachment. It's a page. Oh, it's on the email? It will be. Oh, speaking of email. How are we doing on our third hot couples conference? I think we're up to a kind of a lame start on that. One more. Today. Yeah. Do I have it? Yeah. Well, one more, one more in addition to what? Oh, like I said, one. Because the other one was bogus. The other one was to make believe it was something off the internet. That was, you know, oh, look at all of these emails here. I've got eight emails. Let's see. Here's one from George. The other one's can wait. Let's see. Lenses. Check out German wife. Give us husband penis to. Oh, I got to get that. Don't we? It must be a proper story. If it'll ever come up on here. Come on. I'm clicking on it. I'm clicking it. God, sometimes this thing is so slow. German wife give husbands penis to the chop. Berlin, a German woman is partially severed or husbands penis during a choral after sex police and the southern town of Constance, say. An incident recalling the naming of former US Marine John Wayne Bobbett, who temporarily lost his penis in a similar attack, the woman 43 sliced her 34 year old husband's member with a carpet knife, police said. They just had their bit of hanky pack. He went for him with the knife. Police folks been said. The bleeding and drove himself through a hospital emergency surgery. The outcome wasn't known yet. The woman probably should have driven to nearby bar and tied one on. The woman fled to a restaurant where police arrested her. She was later released. Police said the motive for the attack was unclear. In 1993, surgeons managed to sew. So Bobbett's penis back on after his wife fell with a curr. Carving knife while he slept and threw it out of the window. He later turned porn actor with his stunt-looking penis. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Now what was the movie I told you, Ron Jeremy was in? Speaking of stunt-piness? Oh, that rules of attraction. Oh, no wonder I'm not going to go see you. I'm not going to finish seeing you. I'm looking at on the internet. We're talking about different movies before the show. And here's rules of attraction. And I'm looking at the cast. And the seven of the names are from our faith done a ways in it. And then I see Ron Jeremy. Oh, and I thought, Fah. Oh my god. There is a man you talk about one of the lucky people on the face of the year. Here's a lady in Kendall. Hello. Yes, ma'am. How are you doing? Good. Good. I'm so glad you're back to your whole time. Me too. Yeah, me too. Anyway, I just wanted to tell you about my dog. I've had quite a few dogs. You know, I purchased dogs. You know, and then I found dogs. But the dog I have now a girlfriend found for me. She's a bandie in Montt-Terrier. She is the best dog. I mean, all my dogs have been good. Yeah. But she is so good. She sort of like, in a way, like the way I have her haircut. She looks sort of bendy. But she's, she's, um, I did a lot of compliments with her. For example, like, about the time, I have to work on South Beach. And I would have to take her with me because I can't, like, we were home for 12 hours at a time. I mean, in South Beach, of course, you need people from all over the world as well as locals. I have so many people who come up to her and just want to pet her and love her. It's unbelievable. My sister. She keeps prompting me to want to make a will. I think she wants to adopt her. You know, she's just a great dog. She's, um, she's not a Yippie dog. Now, you've mentioned, like, from, like, the Boston Terriers. Mm-hmm. And then you've mentioned, um, what was it? Yeah. The Jack Russells. Yeah. Some of those can be really good. And then some of them are so Yippie. It's unbelievable. Oh, how come we haven't put men pin on the list? I guess the tiny would be upset if he knew that. We better put men pin on. Mm-hmm. And you know what else we better put on here? How about a doberman? Doberman's a nice dog. Doberman's are great dogs. You want a, you know, a big dog. Right. I like her because she's only, like, 18 pounds, 20 pounds, max. So if I need to take her with me someplace, it's fine. If somebody wants, you know, can take her over for me if I'm out of town. You know, she's not like a huge dog. But, um, she has a great personality. She's a great companion. She's, we, we. Now, what kind of is it again? What's the breed? I'm Dandy, Dynmont Terrier. That's the idea? A Dandy? Yeah. Yeah. Haunt. Terrier. Dynmont. Never heard of it. Yeah. I didn't either. I thought she was a lawso for a long time. And then my sister called me and said, no, I did some research. And she was Dandy Dynmont Terrier. And, and, and another thing is because my friend founder and, and Dabor to me, a lot of dogs, you, you, you'd be doing your great favor to adopt one. You know, a lot of, a lot of them that I have bought like some breeders. I've been like, loony to me. Really? Yeah. You know, because like, they're just overbread. Some of my best dogs are just dogs that I think just found on the street or a friend, you know. Yeah. Sometimes this one's to get the breeders are like they're like the beeslies. They're in bread. Okay. Well, I got it down. Thanks, we'd art. Okay. Oh, and can I say, we're publishing some, and I say, okay. You sure can. Okay. We're not too loud. Okay. They'll come and get you. So anyway, the Republicans, the Michael Paul and the other, his other two partners in Crab money, FCC, they post through this thing this morning as big business continues to thrive. And I'm going to say, oh, look, it, did you notice the market is through the roof again today? I have no idea why. I had no idea why. I had no idea why. Because unemployment is growtisk and the dollar isn't worth 15 cents anymore. But that was up 141 almost 9,8991 to that. I do that. As deck is up 24.69, but crude oil is going to rise to. So, what do you make of that? I'll tell you what if you can't figure it out, call me church. My life. Look, this is 145.69. You're way too way, you have. Look at the makers of behind the camera. The amount of the rest story of three's company comes another story of intrigue and betrayal. Millions of Americans laughed along each week at their unscreen antics. The backstage egos were out of control. NBC presents behind the planet Melmack, the amount of the rest story of Valve. Alright, episode 9, scene 3, take 36. He has up the yelling. Well, we're just about right at all. Hold this. Take 36. Let it get roll me and joy from shut up. How could we just do this? Hey, do this. Buddy, please, Ralph, come on. It's been a long day. Can we just shoot the scene? Hey, hold up. You. I'm Max. Hell, I play Willie Tan. I don't give a fly and crap. Get out of my face. What's wrong? You better take two steps back. Or I'm going to go mini-vo on your goofy four-eyed ass. Come on. What's the matter with you? Hey, you. Here you go. Who's the boss? You're not the boss. Oh yeah, what is that giant sign over there saying? It says that tiny little show. How? Hey, who's the boss? How was the boss? How? Alright, you are Ralph. You are. Your damn right. I am your four-eyed freak cheese. Go, my agent. There was also sexual politics playing out behind the scenes. Hey, what the fuck are you doing in my trailer? Ralph, it's me and Dre. I play a lintana on the show. What does that mean to me? Well, we had a deal last week and we got pretty intimate and you never called me. And so we had something together. We didn't. My point, you move on, cupcakes. What do you tell me? You moved me. You believe me. I have a great actor then. Get the fuck outta here before I call security. Behind the planet Mill Mac, the author of my story of Ralph. Next week on NBC. Gotta see that. Fub 19 at five, 60, WQAM. Here's the way to pull us coming so far. What's the best breed of dog for a pet? See, personally, in South Florida especially, but even just generally. I don't like, here we dog. I mean, I don't like, here we dogs. Where am I saying, golden retrievers real here? Did I just say that? Yeah. No, but I mean, that would be the one exception. But generally, I like like sure here dogs. You know, dogs that are neat and clean and low maintenance and don't shed all the things and don't shed all over the place. Month 34. What did I tell you? Best breed of dog for a pet 34 or say a month. Landry tree for 25. Golden retriever 24. German shepherd 13. I hate dogs eight. Oh, brother, would, oh, now it's nine. Nine people, line assholes out there say I hate dogs. Can you imagine what great things we could accomplish with a baseball bat all three of us? I'm sure these are the same people that didn't like requeem for a dream. Yeah, that must be it. And they don't like dogs, that's their problem. You know, the defining moment in that movie is when the pills aren't having the effect anymore. And she puts a second one in her hand. Right. Right. She looks at it and looks at it. It's like when the first half gallon of briars score ice cream doesn't satisfy you. I mean, Sarah Goldfarb to me, even other movies in New York, to me, Sarah Goldfarb is a series of movies. What's up, Florida's all about? Well, the first series of movies. Here he's what's up, Florida's all about, too. Hey. What's about to like? I wasn't that Morgan Freeman that plays the guy with his partner. It's our Josh Freeman. Josh Friedman. Let's see, I hate dogs nine. Don't know, never had a dog seven. And not everybody should have a dog. I should point out, especially in this audience. Can you imagine some of these people with a door to God? Boston, Terrier five, Cocker Spaniel four, Alpha Cockers, Poodle two, Boxer two, Vigal one, B. Jean-Frezay one, Border Collie one, Shetland sheep dog one, Pomeranians got one, you didn't vote for that, did you? No, I wouldn't think so. In fact, actually George was trying to get rid of the dog his wife was obsessed. And Jack Russell Terrier one, none yet for anybody else on there. How about the men pin? Minutes your picture has none. Ah, tiny would be so upset. He take it personal. He feel really wounded. He peed on the carpet and protest. Yeah, he'd do more than that. Ha ha ha ha. Oh my god, I bet you you could feel a bathtub 40 times with the amount of pee that he dry out on my carpet over the years. You could fill up half of the goddamn ocean. But it's just one of those things. And the excuses, well, he's a little dog. You can't keep it in. But wouldn't you assume that little dog's bladder is the same size in proportion. What I'm saying? I mean, that would be like saying that George is sure it's there for it. That's why he pees all over the floor all the time. I mean, you know, well, maybe that's probably not the real reason. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, hey, though. Pretty good. Two things. This conception about Terrier. Terriers are happy dogs. They're small dogs. But they're great dogs. They got a lot of, they're feisty. They got a lot of spirit. Yeah. And I've got a two wearing air fox Terriers. And Vicki is, unless you'll be 15 this December. Wow. Greatest dog of her hat. And a little bitch. I could say that lately. Then she's, she's getting old. She's gone blind. But I would never trade her for another dog. And this conception is that you get a dog from a breeder. You get the, in breeding. And that's not true. It's where you get them from the pet shop because they don't give a fly and air for that. Like you know, something I was very lucky because I bought both of my dogs at a pet shop being not even stupid. I guess is I was back then. And I was just very lucky because they generally, they were both pretty healthy. And they were really great dogs. But I was just lucky. You were lucky. Yeah. But I paid since I bought it for a pet shop. I paid a thousand dollars. If I would have bought it from the breed, I would have paid about $3.5,400. Like I got screwed twice. But movie, drugs or cowboy was a good movie. Yeah, somebody suggested that. I better write it down. I'm doing it. Okay. All right. Thanks a lot, pal. Drone store cowboy. It's got a stable approval. I mean, I'm not a big matillin fan. And I still say his brother Kevin Dillon number one looks better. Number two is a better actor. But you know, his brother's not famous. In fact, the only movie I could tell you his brother was ever and was remote control. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. And for the first 40,000 times, that was an interesting movie. He was also in the remake of the blob, which was actually pretty damn good. Yeah, I like Kevin Dillon. He's a good little actor. But drugstore cowboy. In fact, I'm going to go, I'm getting that today. It's on my list. I'm getting about a half dozen clicks today. And I didn't have this very well in that boy. Does he really? Yep. I want some movie where he plays the, like, The pool, uh, what the hell am I going to make? Yeah, that's it. Very good. The flamingo kid. The flamingo kid. He's pretty good in that. Can't believe I remembered that. Then I was that mid blur to that right out. I'm telling you, George, will you better watch out? Yeah. This punk is really, of course, he's not getting paid. Just the only problem. He's doing a hell of a job. He's coming up with answers that we could never, but he just didn't get paid. So, you know, see the point of that is, we don't want you to get too big for your bridges. You know, the Kuey and what, Louis, like, keep everybody in their place, you know, before he started getting a swell head. It's the one that they're good at. And then he, like, why don't move, like, live inside somewhere. You know, as a poster, I'm a little bit overpassed. Who want, like, live inside would, like, uh, plumbing and stuff like that. AC. What do you know what to do with it? Here's the call from the Rebellons. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm calling to say that George is completely wrong about Brazil. It's one of the great movies ever. Yeah, George. How do you like that? I kind of covers everything that's going on now. That's bad with everything. Like, good things in it. It's just, uh, not what it should have been. Well, what does that mean? Well, what do you mean is not what I do. That execution. I don't know about that either. It's just, it's a wonderful movie. I think I'm going to get it just out of spite for George. No, I'll see. And then you can cut me. Okay. It's how my list. Thank you. Thanks, Pauline. See, he said Brazil was pretty damn good. But I'll, I enjoyed it up to a point. And then, if you don't go to Brazil, all you people out there. No, of course, nobody's going anywhere anyhow. The good news is you do, and you have seen, even though it's not of interest to you, I did put it on our website yesterday. Just so people would know. Air Canada's okay. Oh, they got still problems, but at least they're solvent. You realize that they came with an eyelash, you're just shutting down. So you say, oh, man. I mean, I was on pins and needles. I got up early yesterday morning. Cookers, they had decided until like 2.30, Saturday night. Yesterday morning. Because the damn pilots, uh, union was the, like, they were the chicken and wood pile. And just like all the other airlines, they got problems. Baby, they got real problems. And of course, not only the, the war, and 9, 11, all these things, but also SARS and mad cows and all of this stuff. So our Canada has been losing their ass, which in a way, you know, a by the way, Helen and a lean or whatever, I think her name is a lean. The other nicely, either they're candid or not, not they're all nice. Thank you guys. You're going to be okay. I think I hope because they sure cut a lot of jobs. But it came with an eyelash. You have an aflian American. You know, we have to bring your own things. There's so bad at american now. You have to bring your own hand grenades to put in the overhead. Use the supply those. But why don't the airlines just stop with the food thing? Did you see that US scare is now making food available like for 10 bucks? No, I didn't. Yeah, I think in the economy classes like 7 bucks and business or first by 10 bucks, for like some kind of a sandwich. I don't get it. I've been saying for years, why not just let the fast food people cater the thing. They can heat it up into my grave, right? Or just let some lean quizzines or, no, I forget about that. You don't have to have like a shathtabri on and stake up foab. Forget about that stuff. Just like sandwiches should tie you over unless you're on a long flight, like those flights of Amsterdam and KL and those are pretty decent jobs. I should point out. Tombstone pizza. Got uncrew, take receipts. Have uncrewed take receipts. Of course they say that about 20 times during the flight. Now I like to see how and don't go there. Just get on a plane and then turn around and come back and KL up. It's pretty good experience. In business class. Have uncrewed take receipts. Now why is it that they say that English? Everything else they say in Dutch first and then English. You want on the why? Make it feel better? No, because the international line would for everything. It's like English. Pointed that. I know you knew that, but I just want to make sure everybody knows that. So when you're going to start speaking it. 29 past noon at 5.6 in WQA. I'm not telling you speaking a dogs man. They're wonderful animals. I love them, but there's no question that if you have carpeting in your home like I do, they leave their mark. They put your car boots to the ultimate test. They really test your car boots endurance, which is why you need to get in touch with our good friends and dry concepts. I still have after 11 or 12 years of my house. I still have the original carpeting in that amazing. It's amazing. Especially with two dogs. One of which especially Adam I mentioned a little one. I had like memory problems. You know, they forgot to write it down on their paw. Don't pee and don't crap in the house. If tiny would have just written that down on the paw, Leonard would have had the attack two thing. And anyway, dry concepts will make all of that stuff disappear. Not only the appearance of it, but the aroma as well. God, when your dog's pee in a carpet man? Not good news. The dry concepts, dry clean your carpet, which suck out that stuff that's nasty and growtask way down there in the fire as your carpet. They make them look in smell and feel just like brand new. Not only you're carpeting, but also you're drapery. You're expensive area, you're rugs, you're oriental rugs. You're a posterior leather furniture, all of these things. Dry concepts is like they wait for their little magic wand and perform a miracle right on your floor. And if you have problem with pet odors and mildi voters caused by water damage, dry concepts will make them disappear as well. No games, no gimmicks, no rip-offs. They give you a written guaranteed price before they start to job. You can't be with a stick. So talk to the professionals at dry concepts. Some let them work their wonders in your house. Call them full free, 1-800-248-5771. What's using the first time you'll understand why I've used them for over 20 years? 1-800-248-5771, or log them to their website at dryconcepts.com. With dry concepts, don't forget their model clean today. You can entertain tonight. And local, this is Fort-Videal-5771, you can wait for a year. And was not arrived coming up tonight, on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. They got us chanting along to their hit, or some sugar on me. But could the song have been about sex? We'll find out from death lever. Fort-Videal-5771, what ever gave you the idea was about sex? Sex, that is rich. Death leopard vocalist Joe Elly had spoke to inside the behind, along with his manager, Slady Gold. That song is not about sex right? Definitely not. I specifically told the boys, right? A song about sugar. About how much you love sugar, and you want to pour it all over you? Right. In fact, if you had the choose between getting sugar poured on you, or the luscious love nectar of some hot bay poured on you, you would definitely not go. With the sweet sticky, the luscious dripping from the... Ah, nuts. It's about sex. It's about sex. I mean, what you got us? Of course. So why? Exxensied them behind? Did they feel the need to lie? Listen, things ain't been too good for death leopard since the 80s. We've been looking for ways to make some dough, so we're doing a children's album. Yeah, we thought we could put some distance between us and love juices. But the fans are going to love this record too. Don't you worry, the boys ain't going to compromise. No way, we're going to rock you. You know, with songs like, my best friend is neat, and, in course, the street with CAD today. Right. And then must do what mommy and daddy told me. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. There they are. Come on. You want to be? I want to take drugs of bondage. Oh, no, no, we all got each. Death leopard. A band's got to do. A band's got to do. A band's got to do. But we'll all show in this those references to female secretions. It's a big juicy, shopping went look at show business tonight. On inside the behind. Prop 34 at 5 and 60, WDK, but we're getting a lot of doggy faches now, you know what? Yep. I'll be thankful in the so far, nobody has said, oh, no, I got these puppies for it now. Oh, and of course, if you get one, you really have to have two, don't you? What for a appetizer? To keep you sure, nobody. Exactly. Oh, that would have been terrible if I would have had only that one of those two dogs all those years, they keep each other great company, or at least they in order to hell out of each other. They can spire. Here's a fact says I discovered the CBC after you mentioned them. CBC, how are they doing? Fogligation. Because this Canada's oldest and first political party. Yeah, you're out, man. All those conservatives, they're dead meat here. It says, found a video stream and shared it with your listeners during the war. Yes, we have a thread on our website. I'd like to have a link to it. I've been watching the CBC for a while and I'll cover there is great. They give two points of view and there is no sensationalism. Over the weekend, just to see how their conservatives are like. I watched the progressive conservative convention. To me, it seems that their pussy cats compared to the Republicans. And if this is what conservatives are like in Canada, then the liberals must really be great. I wouldn't say any of the politicians here are great, but by comparison. Also, I was shocked in how open a convention was like compared to war's random regular schmoo can be there and part of it no matter what they think. See, when you watch the apartment on a year here, just like in Britain, they like, somehow be speaking or even a prime minister and they're like, I am full of crap in there, I'll scream and impound them and think it's great. I love that. It's fun. In fact, you sometimes they're so loud, you can barely hear them and they have to be just streaking before the guy with a flowing robes gets up and demands everybody shut up and... Yeah. It says it seems watching the CBC that Canada is more open and a metal place. We're people can are still out and not afraid to express themselves and be themselves. Now you catch them on. That's why I live here. It's a great place. That's why I live here part of the time. Like most of the time. The CBC report is also seem to encourage it when they're interviewing. It's a sad sad on this day that the FCC is sold out. But I have to go to the CBC and BBC to get the national news. But it seems as if everything the USA and I was sell out and fake. Sad indeed. More people should watch the CBC to see how different their news are compared to ours. How much we're slipped to a fake production of everything. So I'm thinking of checking out Canada to see what it's like. I've lived in South Florida all my life and it was bad in the past but now is much worse. I've got a cousin who lives in Vancouver. I may go there also to run a Montreal to get a feel for Canada. Questionary, are you thinking about returning to Canada when you're done with radio? I would do the same thing doing that. I live in here part of the time, part time resident. And then like November through when the winter is sucks. Then I would not be here. I don't think I'd be in South Florida though. Do you? No. Try to choice. Not me. North Carolina sounds real good for George. Right. So here's the dog facts. I've had a lot of dogs as Joe and South Mimeon unconspired of my two Jack Russells. He says they're brilliant dog, short hair, little shedding very low maintenance, super loyal. Funny as Schmidt, content entertainment. Here's the key. The short leg inversions are wider than the log leg kind. The short leg attack can be a little hyper. I've had them both in the log leg attack as an obriner. You're a love them. A long leg attack Russell carrier. So this guy. Okay. Okay. It's expensive. There's dogs. That's how you care about it. They're what? Expensive little dogs. What do you mean by that? They're expensive. Actually look into getting one a long time ago when I actually had a job that made money. Yeah. What's expensive? Thousand? For you? Yeah. It's what I'm looking for. This is a guy that can't even afford dog food with what he's making now. Who's not going to get paid on the tenth of June. Did Ferris come in and give you a kiss on a cheek and make up until he's going to take care of that? Huh? Ah! There was any taking care of it? She's alive! Yeah, that bitch. Here's the fact that the best dog breed in the world is Kishand. The breed is the National Logo Hall in large dogs. 40 pounds of love, very very sensitive. Never a bad attitude, never a bad day. I have two of them. Never a bad day. Why do I get to think there's never been a bad tomorrh-fully day? Remember that? Nope. No, because you didn't see that moving. You won't watch it. Tell them, Mr. Ripley? Right? No. No. The more powder she says, Tom, why do I get to think there's never been a bad tomorrh-fully? Something like that. You did it, Tom. You did it. It's a good movie. You just don't want to see it because of the faggot. I'm not telling you you'd like it. It's an excellent movie. That never got to know that it sucked. No, it's not sucked. The town that Mr. Ripley sucked? Oh, you know what? Man, they didn't fight. Fuck, fuck, fuck. Fuck, fuck. That's what I meant, actually. And if it comes on cable for free, I'll watch it. How's that? When it rotates around again. Here's Trish who says, my favorite dog is the Rao Wilder. Get that on there, beiner boy. Rao Wilder. They're wonderful dogs, very protective and great wood children. Very misunderstood dogs, believe it or not, the Cocker's Spanials are not good wood children. Really? I thought all the Alta Cockers were a good wood wood kid. No history of bites. Spanials? Yeah. Cocker's Spanials bite. And spingers. And so in China Spanials bite. So do cows. Child's bite? No toys. Beautiful dogs. Black tongue, really great. They bite, really. Black tongue? They have a black tongue. They've been taking pectoral bismal. Oh, that's right. Pectoral bismal don't make your tongue black. It makes your black. I forgot that. Michelle says. And that's a little message for you. People out there, if you ever take pectoral bismal, which you shouldn't because it's really bad stuff. But if you do take it, it makes your black. So don't get all panicky. Do you ever have that happen? Not today. Good. Michelle says, well, I'm asking you, you're always got an upset stomach and crawled around on a floor and you're not. It's probably from all those. I don't want to say anything about drugs again. From all that bad stuff. I like it. Come on, Sarah. It's time for a couple of blue sweet heart. I'm going to watch it again. I know I got all these other movies on my list. I got to watch it again. I'm just, I'm obsessed. In fact, if you tune in late, the first hour of the show we started something new today, every day, between 10 and 11, until we run out of movies. What year is that going to be 25, 25? We'll take one movie and take a poll on. And now the homework assignments. See this would be good if we'd get people to go out and rent these movies today and then like tonight. They could watch it. Because otherwise we're just going to be stuck with those people who have already seen it. Tomorrow we'll do Glenn Gary Glenn Ross. Believe me, if you're a sales hole, if you know sales people, if you work with sales holes like we do, this is a movie you've got to see Glenn Gary Glenn Ross. But we took the poll on, we're going to have a dream today. We had 75,000 votes and every one of them said Neil is right. The movie is great. And now what I said? Right. Michelle says I'd like to suggest the rat terrier. Do you ever hear that? I'm confused because in some of the stuff that I'm looking during the break here, I see the Jack Russell terrier referred to as a rat terrier. Now that's being the stake or what? Wait a minute. The dogs are short. Have short here and pointed ears. I love my rat terrier. There's no way in hell I would suggest the Jack Russell terrier. Those dogs are crazy. Unconduused. I see. And it says here's some information on rat terrier. Just in case you think it's a joke because those names. And it must be another sheet that Michelle said and maybe didn't come through. info. Thought it facts everything. No. You got to sheet there with the info on a rat terrier. Let's get with it. Okay. I still like the idea with the chicken on the leaf. 5. Welcome this is 5. 6. Here's a yours. A million. Well, Madalgo most died. And that's causing try and the tofu for breakfast today. A started to foam and a started to foam and his eyes rolled around. around his brain. So I came into work and I feel was some jerks only. Among brains were causing me pain. My amy was chronic. All of Dale cattonic and all of each had poor brains. Okay, if you're the obdow to one of the back, I'm trying to facts you the thing. Phil Saltman's number. Okay. And just as I started to find there, it goes. It's going through. 1243 at 5.60. WQAM. Here's the information from Michelle. Let's see. Considering a Jack Russell's decomperson chart. Oh, they're like more pages coming. Or is this just it? This was the only thing that I thought was what I didn't find. Yeah, but I can rat tear your unnatural hunting ability. And of course, yeah, I'm looking at the picture. You can't, you know, the 18th generation I finally get here. Can't really make it out. In northern California, rat tearers hunter in the canyons. In the southern section, they participate in dog circuses in the Southeast States, there's anonymous with squirrel hunting. Some state local police departments use them as drug sniffing canines. Oh, good. I'll bring it to work every day when I'm down there. Can I check how Georgia be that? He can help me go look. Maybe Sarah can help you up with her diet back there. Hey, doctor. All right, it's complicated. Have you ever wondered how come so many die doctors have skinny people come to their office every day? No, I don't the day. I know 49 people say a mutt is the best breed of dog for a pet 49 say a mutt 40 golden retriever. Oh, yeah. Levered or retriever 33. I hate dog 16. Boy, will we like to beat the crap out of you people? I don't understand that. How can there be people who hate dogs? Cat people. Oh, whoa. Don't know never had dog nine. Boston Terrier 8, Voxyuse 7, Cocker Spaniel 5, a little nippy, uh, Cocker Jack Russell Terrier 5, Poodle 4, Doverman Pinchure 4, Beagle Bulldog, Min Pin have three of these. I think that's what I'll probably get if I do get a dog. Another Min Pin. Hey, tiny. Now is that permitted? I mean, can you get another dog and call it the same name or does that make you neurotic? Why not? Well, if you get a Min Pin, believe me, you'll be neurotic. Pomeranian 2, pug 2, B. Shah Frisay 2, Kale 2, careful. Shetlandish, sheep 2, Minutes your German Shepherd 1, Voter Kale 1, Scottish Terrier 1. So far, 221 votes. So it should please you to know. Yes, I want to find pictures of these dogs that we're talking about. There are many, many dog comparison sites like Yahoo dogs and things like that that have pictures, doggy poop that I can all the vital statistics reviews what their strengths are, what their problems are, etc., do they shed blah blah blah. Or something that sounds like that. Did they shed a lot? Like all over the floor? Mm-hmm. I've never heard about how I was breaking your dog. People, and I didn't just make that up. It's not something that I would have done. Do I do a say it on the air? Why not? Matches. Oh yeah, yeah. Not wooden matches. Paper match. Oh, thank you. What? I just stick to the original. Okay, I won't do the matches then. How about those little baby depositors? No, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah, that's fine for the vet. That's what I pay him for. I have doggy poop. I'm talking about house breaking your dog. Your vet isn't going to house break your dog. Do the old way when you take your dog and you take it outside when it's a little puppy and you insert the little baby depositor and of course then. Right outside. I thank you. No short cuts for me. What do you mean by that? It's a hell of a lot better than laying papers down and finding out they got a bad aim or something. Have it little zone or a big box or something like that. And then you get Leonard to combine. You write on their paw. Don't do this inside. There's an outside. Things like that. House broken. Lots of dogs. I'll just stick to that method. Hey, don't let me forget how Wednesday will do momentum in the attendable of an hour. A mental. Okay. Write it on the end. Yeah, write it on your arm between now and Wednesday to go out and rent momentum. And don't be one of the, see, one of the promises we got a lot of impatient people. So I'm sure that some of these people, if they go to a movie theater to see a movie, you know, these are the people who walk out like 20 minutes into the flick. You've seen people like that. Oh, it is saying for me, just like that. Oh, I watched the first time and it was so boring. We said, I'll buy that, but even a sum of you just stick around and you'll find out or really get straight. Okay. You impatient fast. Do it you. Here's a lady in Miami Beach, hello. Hi Neil. Hi, how are you? How bad of a sendy? I'll be sending you for a dog. Did you spell that? The A.S. E. N. A. I. They're African dogs. They're short hair. They're very easy to take care of. They don't shed. They love the heat. They clean themselves like a cat and they don't bark. They don't bark at all. They're barkless dogs by their breed. Are you serious? I'm serious. I have one. They're the best dogs. They're quiet. They're really well, what about if somebody's trying to break into your house or through your clock in a morning? No, they make this yodal noise. The yodal? Yeah. Other adorable dogs. They're very clean and neat. They love the heat. You can leave the dog outside. Yeah. They'll lay in the sun and they're just they're quiet and and it's not going away. How are you supposed to be? 20 to 24 pounds. Oh, sit in like real tiny dogs. They're like in between. They're in between but you would love to have one. Okay. I got it down. I'm going to look it up. Look it up. Thanks. Bye. Bye. Bye. 5. 6. 7. 5. 50. Pound 5. 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. But send G. Platon. There's so many different bizarre breeds of dog. The most of us never heard of before. Right. If you were to go to Europe or, of course, you won't. That was what you're making. But if you were to go there some time and you'd be amazed. I don't know if they're like they have different breeds or if they're just Mongols. And the dogs do I'm talking about both of them. Sure. 5. 6. 7. 5. 60. Now in Germany, I did see a lot of docks on this. Yeah. End German shepherds. But I guess they make sense. Don't end dogs too. Don't be knocking the people in Germany man. Why no. At least at least the ones under the 40. The ones over 40 you can have they'll make you pay. But the ones under 40. Oh my goodness. What is that all about? Seriously, Kalaun Germany is a place you market right at on your arm. Get a tattoo before I die. I'm going to call on. And write it the way they spell a KO LN. Okay. With the two dots over the O. Got it. I don't want to get an arm tattoo about it. Now let me ask you this. Because I noticed in a momento he was I he I he was tattooing some of his own stuff. Right. Like don't answer he father don't answer the phone was under the why why was that under the bandage? Tive that was a fresh tat. I see. So if he had a fresh tat he put a bandage over it and like you see for got to take the bandage I guess. Had a little bit of a memory problem this guy Leonard little just a little one. And because he was going to the tattoo power all the time. But didn't he have to write himself a note? How did he remember to go to the tattoo parlant? No, no, but when he went to the tattoo parlant didn't he have to write himself a note as to what he was going to get tattooed? I don't remember. It's special notes. It's a special note. I guess he puts a little asterisk next to them and those are the ones that he needs to go to the tattoo shop. That's why I see it because I was confused. Like Teddy don't trust him. No, don't believe his lies. Don't believe his lies. 566. No 560. Pound 560 on it. And I know that there are a lot of people in this audience and a lot of you. If you were to watch them over you you'd bitch us out you'd say I rented it. I bought it and I stand watch the first five minutes and I just I just heved it out the window. I'm using it as a guy then coaster now because it's just sucked but you got it. You have to have patience. You have to stick with it and then you realize that your brains are going to be fried by the time you get finished. But it's well worth it. Here's a call from Orlando. Hello. Yes sir. I have a dog for you. It depends on what you your definition of a good cat is. Yeah. I'm a big guy but I have two Joallos. Oh two small and two nervous for me. Well I have one that's good. Oh and glad you get your palm or any bad George. Thank you. I want to know how one of the bad one. It's Nicky also. But what I was well behaved and I probably get you some listeners in the ill. It's on the internet of your night. I listen to the forrell. He's great by the way. Yeah. And I found somebody up in New York and he had always been like the grease man and Ron and says I've tried to find a lot of says I got blown out of New York also and he has them sound bites and he was looking for forl. He melding when to the checkout and the ill Rogers dot comedy. He'll be back. Thanks a lot. So he probably got a listener there. Excellent. And in closing. I have key shop wait for Tampa Bay. Okay. Thanks. Palming. Okay. Good while you're head. Look at this. 13 emails. How can I have 13 emails on here? We've been ganging up on you. Yeah. That's a joke couple. Oh wait. Here comes a picture from George. Oh isn't that cute? That's my kind of dog. The Jack Russell Terrier. That is one of my favorite little dogs. I've seen those. Yeah. They're cute. They're very brave. This is the long wagon one. I was that to sure I got one or something. Oh. Because that one next to it. I'm a little bit nervous about. Sorry. I didn't specify. No. I think that's a puppy. Oh that's a great little dog. There are a lot of movies. Let's see Miguel. Miguel sent me more stuff that also won't know. Start day for okay. Great. You're the best Miguel. You're okay. You're fair. By the way, tell me, yellow I'm coming back to tomorrow. Just just to make him nervous. And I'm going to breathe all over your Miguel. You're going to breathe on you. Okay. Lynn is that you may old me 75 times but I don't have time right now. I'll say Carlos. Oh wait a minute. Let me go back to that one because it says I know you'll make fun of me. Okay. And you know me. Standard poodles are great dogs. His lynx saying those are smarter than many people I've known. Well that can be said of almost any dog. They're not little yappy ones. They're the big poodles. Standard poodles. Right. Also the resurrection is a great movie. You might also want to check out repulsion. Anybody see me pulsion? Nope. That also has to be about salespeople. Now what's the one I said? I have a watch yet. Oh um the cannibal one. Rather than ravenous. I've got that near the room. I have a watch that one. It's the only one I bought that I haven't seen yet. Besides kids and gummo bring those down with you. Please. I'm going to bring those down and stuff them up. Beiner boys ass. This is cute. We got to fact use his best dog as a pet. Up dog. What's uh. Oh go on. Can't imagine what pit will play next. So Lynn likes poodles. Okay. Standard poodles. Well two each is on. Okay. I'm just not a poodle guy. Okay. I'm don't take it personal. But I'm just not a poodle guy. Okay. Let's go back to the inbox while Neil checks his emails on a year. Kind of like Hank Dune is bookie while he's in a middle of his show. Oh. Pairo jack russles from Beiner boy. Here we go. Here comes the picture. Oh those are great. Those are wonderful. All the wonder one on the right is ugly. Yeah. Well. Huh? Don't get that one. No. I want to be one on the left. He's cute. It's cute. But the one on the right is uh. I don't know. They're kind of like strange shape. The orange. They. Some of them are. I don't know what's the difference. I saw both kind. The saw ones with like really. They're like they're like not as the portion. And then the one's in like that. Oh here comes the key Sean. And he's right. He's uh we're in a what what number is key Sean we're 13. According to that. He's a Jason. K Jason. He's a look at that. It's Casey Casey. I don't see any beautiful dogs. There is a lot of similarity as far as like the main and the face shape and everything. There's a we call the key Sean us K E E S H A N. I don't know if this was a good complicated. I don't have time for this. I gotta go and open the file and fart around. Don't you realize it's only a four hour show? I'm sure the audience is excited as Neil tricks his emails. Check along with me. Okay. Take a look at the picture. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Here's a Cooper City call. Hello. A dot of gray house. I have four of them. The greatest dog that's short of the head. They don't bark. Point well now. What's up with the potatoes? Ha ha ha. You know who that is, don't you? Yeah. A lot of the he needs some. Although he does have a good point. There's a lot more people should have that the gray house. Everybody says well out of everybody. Some people tell me that they're nervous and uh high-strong. Yeah. They are. That's what I've heard. Oh. And other people say they're great pets. But the sad part of it is that you really should a lot of you should have that the gray house to keep it from getting the gas. Okay. Because I understand that you people are dog racing goodness. You're in denial. You don't want to admit what goes on in a breeding. And of course if they run real fast that's great. And if they don't run fast then I'll put up a thing. You know. Very sad. That's tragic. That's a real disgrace. You know who used to be in the dog racing business? Hey. And I only mentioned it in passing. Tom Jika. Power. This is Rosie O'Donald. And the clock on my stomach says it's the Neil Rogers. One to two. Now a end of the way we go. Can you do that? Hey man. Hey who's this? It's a Jeff. Hey I was in your restaurant and it's about like up dog. What is up dog? I don't know what's up G. Yo. Yo. Yo. Get it? No. Okay. We're just speaking. I was like the place of catering order. Hey, Richard. Yeah. I was in your restaurant. My wife and I. And she was commenting as I was that it smelled like up dog. Like what up dog? What is up dog? Now what's up with you, G? Get it? What are you? Beh-hello. Yeah. Hi. A gazentite. Hey. I was in your place and it smelled like up dog. What up dog? Not much. What's up with you, G? There was a dog. What's up dog? What up dog? There's a dog. I'm busy. What? What do you want? You're playing smell like up dog. Okay. Bye. Get it? That's awesome. Yeah. Hey how are you? Good. Hey I was in your place and it smelled like up dog. What is up dog? I don't know what's up with you, G. Get it? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Okay. 102 and 560WM is our big one to two hour. We took a poll on the 1st hour today. Between 10 and 11 o'clock above that movie. Reck-weam for a dream. 170,000 votes and they all said Neha was right. It was sensational. What are the all-time beds? What's up? Now, Leena, let me ask you this question. How many Jack Russell Terriers do I need to see? How many how many pictures did you send me? Oh, but I don't think I'll put them on the 2nd one. Huh? I was only supposed to send you the 2nd email. The first one was a mistake. Jesus, I've got like 75,000 emails here. Where's the picture of those contestants he asked? Non-tapless. What basically is two options? Huh? What's another one? I got to touch around and open the file and a fart around with that. I don't have time for that. Now, don't you understand? I guess I'll have to go through all of these after the show in about 10 minutes. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, or here's another picture. Wait a minute. One moment please. Oh, it's the Jack Russell Terrier. Yeah, put the Jack Russell Terrier on our hot couple of contestants. Here's a lady in Cooper City, hello. Hello. Lady in Cooper City is gone. Hello, Ola. Go on. She's long gone. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. See the problem as I can't get anything done here in between the breaks. There are no breaks. I got news for you. Once they clean out your spink through, Rectomar, I'll muff you better get in there and go back and beat the crap out of that scram pitch. You better get to Alec Baldwin in there. Straight that sales department out. I have a feeling that you were right before. There's something going on with these, uh, with the time changes of the show. Did they let them kind of holding the L sack over? And nobody knows which spot is supposed to run where, but that's their problem. But in the meantime, I'm going to make sure format from a hell. Cindy says if you want a smart, lovable comm dog, get a booby air, they flanders. Booby air. My dog Oliver came from Belgium and is so smart. He rings a bell to go outside and do his job. He rings a bell to go outside and take a what everyone wants to take. Number one two or three. I bought him from Ktherma Klan who wrote a very good book on his breed. They have long here, but I keep his short and they look like bears. They look like bears. A booby air they flanders. I'm also factoring a Harold neighbor's cover of a booby air in this past weekend's dog show. Oh look at that. Did you see this? I'm looking at it now. Good luck and if you don't take my advice on the booby air, any dog you get will be great. P.S. Brazil is one of the all-time worst movies. I guess what I just crossed it off my list. I wish I could. Maybe he's just into what goes on down there. I don't know what it is. It was a good idea and good cinematography and good execution. I like sprinkling bad execution. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. An anticipation of my possibly getting another dog possible. We're asking them, what's the best breed of dog for a pet? Mod 65. Gold and retriever 47. L'agre retriever 45. I hate dogs 22. 22 real nasty subhuman pieces of crap. Say they hate dogs. I thought maybe there might be a couple. You know, 22 is that a sprain you a lot about this audience? Some of the cause we get. Some of the behavior of these assholes. German Shepherd 17. Don't know. Never had a dog for a teen. Jack Russell, Tere your nine. Boston, Tere your eight. Cockers spain a late eight like the old Cockers. Boxer for a seven. Poodle five. Doberman, Pinsure five. B. Sean for say four Bulldog four. Shetland sheep dog four. Beagle four. I do like Beagles. But they have big floppy years. Minutes your pinchers for. There you go, tiny. Colle three, border colle three, route while are three. Minutes your German Shepherd two. Most people I don't think you've ever seen those. Those are really neat little dogs. Pomeranian two. Pog two. Not for me. See to me a pug is not a dog. I shouldn't say that because we probably got people in the Ones and Miss pets. I mean you have a pet but you don't have a dog. You follow what I'm saying? I get it. That's not my definition of a dog. Scottish Tere your one. And that's it. And let me just say this. You also there's little balls of fur that you know some people carry around like those lady dog. That to me also is not a dog. Right. Exactly. It's it's an accessory. It's a ball of fur. 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T line. Here's Miramar. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. All right. I have to agree with you. What's up with the holiday boxer? Yeah. Excellent dog. But I got correct George. They're naturally floppy. You're dog. It's generally to um. Yeah. Bob the ears. They're actually problem. They generally the tail is docked like three after born. But you get a dog with floppy ears and they look really cute with the ears floppy. Or they look a little timid day with the ears up. Excellent dogs. They're they're calling signing guard dogs. They don't really bark. Only bark is something is up. Otherwise, to quiet. Very low maintenance. Wash them dry them and that's just only the really good one. What? Low maintenance. Top of them in the dryer, George. Yeah. Okay. They're a little too big. I mean they're a meat and side dogs. Do you know a bit of a round. 45 to 65 pounds males generally between like 55 to 70 pounds. Okay. So that's that on that. Okay. Thanks. Sure. There you go. There's everything you wanted to hear about a boxer and then some. Not for me though. I don't want to dog that big. Although I might just get a golden retriever and a mintin to average amount. Yeah. Because you got one. It's like 80 pounds. I won. It's 10. It's about 45 each. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, the only 18 and t. And for what? So you can't go back. You know, be like try to recreate your children. You can't go back. No. You know, you just leave. Let's see big dogs. Lie. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Oh, good. Yes. Oh. Okay. You can hang it up. Can't say that. Yeah. You're still there. Okay. Listen. You just said shoot. You can say shoot. Okay. It's not if you're getting one. Don't don't get another tiny look at a jack Russell. I don't have one girlfriend has one. Get the short leg. You know what the history of those things were. They fox hunting. These things are burrows. They're like back and Vietnam. They have the guys at the tunnel rats go in after the Vietnam and stuff. These things would tunnel into little things and chase the fox out the other hole with something like that. They can be as active as you want them to be. And extremely intelligent girlfriend had one. I don't think the thing ever did a crap in a house. It's a year and a half old. Really? Oh, it's extreme. She tells me over the phone that I'm going to take her for a walk and a dog starts flipping and stuff. Those what it means. She started spelling it after about a week the dog could stalled up your ALK. She has to start, you know what I'm going to take which would call it for a WALK. And a dog can hear. I mean, extremely intelligent. Get the short leg. It's though. They'll burrow underneath the confeder in your room. Won't come out unless you want to screw with them. Then. I don't want to do that. Okay. Thanks. Thanks. Bye. See. 567.05.60. Pound 560 on the AT&T. Here's the whole history of the Vuviai they flanders. Looks like a big sheep dog. Give me that in a little sheep dog. Oh, is it a little? I don't know. We don't have anything for scale on this picture. Oh, it says it says about 26 inches at the weather is 25 for a way 70 to 110 pounds. That's a little dog. The big old sheep dog. Thanks, Cindy. And she also says, I'll read that again, Brazil is one of the most movies of all time. Crossed it out, sir. The guy to call him was a bitch and you out. I mean, she just passed and it George wants to know while is right. Just like on. I'm out. Who is the one that determined on that movie? Me. See? Years. Yeah, but I'm going to turn you on to happiness. Yep. So we're even. What's the one with Brad Pitt that I got to see legend of the fall legends of the fall? The one where he's naked to hold movie? Oh, I didn't say that. He's, you know, I mean, to which his own, but he's, I don't look at Pound him in that, you know. I mean, that movie he did with with a Ricky Schroeder naturally. He was like a punk. You know, he looked pretty good. Hey, that's Rick Schroeder now. Oh, excuse me. You know, Rick Schroeder actually did a some movie where he was pretty good. Was it maybe a TV thing? I forgot what it was. That's on some. I was embarrassed. I was humiliated that actually watched it because he, you know, he still looks the same. He looks like, uh, like hell. Punky little kid like 10 years old, but he was actually pretty good actor at that movie. See, this is a problem that people have to bear child actors. Just ask Robert Blake. Look what it did for him. See? Just ask Mo. He'll tell you. There was a three stuages movie on yesterday. I came so close to running in here and just putting in on cassette. I really did. I mean, he's too lazy to do it. Yeah. There's a lot of stuff. Yeah. It was great. And then I thought, why should we pick on Mo now that he's been demoted, huh? And back early in the morning. I mean, out of sight, out of mind, Mo, he's still don't get the message. That's the point. You ask, hold. He's still on the stand. Maybe when they put him on from like 230 to 240 five. Ask, hold. Maybe then he'll start thinking, well, maybe there's something wrong going on here. Maybe they're trying to tell me something. Yeah, we're trying to tell you something, Mo. We hate you. Like poison. 12 on the same after one, but we don't want to get into personalities. As he always says, let me tell you about a place where you're low of the people and you to business with dialometres. I've been telling you about them for a very, very long time. And that's because I've been using it myself for years. You won't get a better deal on a great mattress anywhere in the world than dialometrist. And you won't find a company more dedicated to customer service than these people, which is why they're ranked number one in the world in customer satisfaction. Just one easy call to 1-800 mattress. And you won't believe how simple it is to pick out the perfect bed for you, depending on how you sleep. The expert bed and consultants guide you through the whole process. And these people really know that product details couldn't possibly be more helpful for all the money in the world. Ever go to a show where we need start stealing it toward a house brand, something you never heard of. Maybe you discontinued set or a mismatch, in other words a piece of crap. That amount just doesn't waste their time or yours with crap. They sell own the best. Top quality ceiling, service, and temporary mattresses with no sales gimmicks and no false promises too. They've got the high end vids as well like Seely's Crown Jewel Line and the top models from every brand, all that all, all, everyday low prices. So call tool free right now 1-800 mattress, 1-800-MATT-RESH, and you'll see what I mean for yourself. Ask about the company exchange policy too. If you're not completely satisfied, they'll exchange it for you with no questions asked. Plus they give you a free set up, free removal. You get to pick the date and time for delivery that fits your schedule when it's convenient for you. Nobody else does that. That amount of mattress I'm telling you again, it's the easiest and most intelligent. A piece of cake way to get you a great new mattress and a good night's sleep for years to come. Call them today 1-800-MATT-RESH or visit their website at mattress.com. There's a butt-ass smell. Well right now welcome back to the Mojou and a David or Shou and Yab. More mucusestation. Well we got a special guest journey in this today. Oh no! Not on the feedler again. That's Jay-Feedley and I'm Skull! And then ain't heavy to toast it. I'm even tighter dropping his date. But how is the ratings party? I don't want to talk about it. What? What did I see? I thought it was an old nude ratings party. Laren told me everybody there was going to be in the nude. So I shows up naked and everybody ran out of there. Yeah, because she showed up naked. Nah, he told Lue and the same thing. Oh yeah, well. Oh yeah, it comes off special guests for real, right? Hell, what do you know? What do you say? This is better to be one of the premier radio shows on the air today. Well you've got the thoughts on the budget. Do you guys are a panic, huh? What thoughts are the point? He's talking about real show mode. Let me tell you something man. Watch out for that spoo shower. That guy there is gay in the lister. Well, got loaded and loaded. Why is the poor so out in here? This is a sports station. But in the top of your shirt. No rage. You get this down. What am I doing? No, I'm your cool babe. I suppose you want to rape me now. Everybody else wants me for their receptacle. Why not you? Yeah, you're going. No chance you'll best. Did I see enough of these kids that I'm broken every day? I want you job. I got it. That's a different kind of rape. I'll have you know I'm the king of the station and you have the fuck. What is the good? Oh, he has got out of here. Hello, Mo. What's the meaning of this? Please large fellas are here to escort you outside. What's the good? You're giving a case for the kingdom of a king? Why of course? You can always count on me. This car loaves in Tim. Come on, fixer. Let's go. Drop that entire blue. Oh, man. I want another thing before you go. Take them away, fellas. 117 at 560 WQAM. Don't forget our hot couples contest. The response to this third one has been pretty weak so far. All of a sudden we're just getting started really. You have to hold Monday, June 16 to get in your pictures on your rangers.com to email us a picture of you and your significant whatever. And then the pictures will be up on air for a week. And on Monday, June 23rd we'll pick up the well whoever gets the most votes. We won't pick them, but whoever gets the most votes will win. Either a three day, two nights stay for two at the Royal Oasis resort and casino at a Bahamas with round trip air for around Lake Rear or what's the yellow one? Sorry, it's choking on a flumbop. Head and his image you make it is, but I don't have how long and what for? It's on something. Oh, it's somewhere. It's on the website. It's on a website. Yeah, look on our website. We also want to make sure of Aaron and Amy. Their victory pictures are up there. All right, excellent. Making pretty close. Dinner for two at the pizza office, third prize. Okay, so get with it. Newarages.com. I'm going to start emailing those damn pictures. Very slow start. Here's a facts and again, people like this to reach its own and not try to be judgmental, but I will anyway. I don't understand these people. The best house dog is a pop belly pig. And then there, you know, there are those people. Hot belly pig. Yeah. Exactly. That's the idea of a pet. I don't want to reach its own. People with snakes is pets, whatever, whatever you want to cozy up to. Whatever you feel best reflects your own personality. Don't you think that's it? Yep. Here's one. It says, look up Jack Russell on the internet. The first description is big dog and little body. Rarely barks as smart as we live. If raised in the house like a person, we're in the thing very human like. It's like an ongoing game of fun chest. They're also the sweetest. Thank you, Johnny. Here's a puppy eight week. So, and here's one that's five years old. And here's one that six years old. And a part of it's in per treat. I got Jack Russell chargers up the answer to that. Tell me that. So, yes, what guys? I don't think I need any more pictures anymore. E-mails of pictures of Jack Russell chargers. You sure? You are around. Even. Huh? I got a whole bunch more here. Sure. No. Sure. I spent the last break there all 20 seconds that I have in my spare time in a break deleting emails. Okay. No more. And up at the emails. Some of some emails have been taken to pictures from our contestants. Please. Including Erin. Anyway, Pierre Rouse says the Jack Russell chargers is great. The deal is the JRT has the long legs, the right tearier shirt and stocky. I see. I don't get that. Because the other woman says that the right teariers are not the same. And she also, I'm just confused. That's uh, that's uh, welcome. Huh? I was confused now. You are. Yeah, I don't get it. So, I guess I'll solve that problem by not getting either one of those. And certainly, I might not get a dog at all. As prior, I would say about 90% chance. I'm getting no other dog, 98%. Get a parrot. Get a parrot. You don't get me a cockatoo. What's the best breed of dog for a pet? Much 75, Labored or Retriever 53, Gold Retriever 50. I hate dogs 23. Well, guess what? We hate you, okay? That's gotta be the crank vote of the day. Doesn't it? Just to give me aggravated? Well, it worked. Then, for Miami Beach says, dear Neil, I've had a bunch of dogs. The two best I've had have been a yellow lab, and now I have a miniature doxland. Since I now live in an apartment building, I went for a small dox. A little us as each. They're hounds and mine is a little hunders. He's by far the most intelligent entertaining dog ever had. Not just him, but I mentioned extremely cute and cutty. The long hair variety I have isn't a maintenance problem. She doesn't shed the winning nose. I don't know they had long hair um, doxlands. Maybe. She tends to bark at people and other dogs some time, but not as much at some of the other dogs in the building. I like the way she wags her tail when spoken to and her insatiable appetite. And this goes on and actually my wife saw Dixie first in a pet store. We went in there just to browse, but ended up taking her home. Aw isn't that cute? That acute story? It was love at first sight. Aw. There were no more other small breeds to choose from, but she was the one sitting calmly in the cage while the others were freaking out. Come on, get a menpin. Okay, Dan. Get you a cute little menpin. Every morning I think about on the beach he digs up the cram holes and chasing the stray cats. I love a dog that goes after cats and just catches him and just rips him to pieces. Aw, that's her funny. That was bad. But it's true. She even likes to go swimming in the ocean. I have to be careful. She doesn't devour the chicken bones left by beach cores. They could be buried in the sand, but she'll zero in and find them. She's not just a ballerfer in his real dog. Thank you. Dan for my mvc says that she's a real dog. Thank you very much. Okay, does she all manage your doxland? Uh, five, six, seven, five, six, three, pound, five, six, the only. Yeah, I couldn't have one here anyway. They don't have dogs in my building. Plus what do I want to have a dog here for? How would I get you slept it back in for it, see? Oh, often not practical. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello? Yes, man. Hi. Oh, um, I have a Yorkie pool. He's a mix, Yorkie and Poodle. And he's got the cutest face you've ever seen in your life. He's travel, you can put him right under the seat between your feet on the plane. Uh huh. I used to get the greatest personality. He's very trainable. In fact, my dog is great train. You just I just say go into your cage because life is a little cage. And I think that's very great dog for you. It's a mix. Perfect. Hmm. Is it all okay? I'm going to a little bingey. Not like a little bingey. No, it's not my kind of dog. How about he's cute? Yeah, I'm going to show you. But not my kind of dog. Okay, thanks. Bye. Bye. She has something like a little fur ball. Could sit over the break. Oh, well, when I first got tiny, he was like about, I don't know, maybe two, three pounds. Step on a numerous times. Oh, even sometimes by accident. And then of course, when he got to be 10 pounds, I still kept stepping on it didn't work. Now see, min pins. They're a lot of fun. And they're like, but they're very, very hyper. Man, they're very like most little dogs. You know, these people, let's say, I got a little dog and they're not hyper. A bull crap. Little dogs are all hyper in a bark a lot. They run around and they're like, you know, which is fine. But when you get to be a dodging old man, like me, I mean, you want a little more peace and quiet, you know? Well, this is one one. It's like real almost in a coma. In fact, I think what I'm going to do, I got a picture. I'm going to get the picture blown up. I just took out a picture of tiny around somewhere. I'll just get the picture blown up, you know? The eye suggested you have an taxidermy. Yeah, that would have been a good idea. Hey, tiny, how you doing, huh? Uh, uh, let's hyper. But much less hyper. Certainly wouldn't be a stupid thing. Right, anymore, I don't think. That's what I'm afraid of. I think you still might have done that. No, I'm sure it's he just did it, uh, without even thinking about it. Just everywhere. Especially toward the end. Back home. Here's Miami. Hello. Nobody online, nine. We'll all be damned. Maybe if I went to line eight, Miami. Hello. Hey, what's up, me? Yes, sir. Uh, the jack left hole. Yeah. Hyper. Very high. That's what I thought. Very smart, though. It's, I mean, they can open doors. They're, huh? They're super smart. But the hyper, I'm people with say they're not hyper. They don't have one. They're for her, yeah. Uh, cute. But way too hyper. The English bulldog is, it's not, it's not, it's kind of cute looking because it's kind of funny looking, but it's a, it's a relaxed dog. They don't do anything. They sit around. But they, they're also like 40 pounds, you know, that's small. Um, and they do slobber a little bit. Oh, oh, yeah. I know. Lobbering problems. Yeah. Uh, the best thing to do is when you come down, go to the, just go to the pound and find a dog with a face you like. Right. And they had some sort of relaxed demeanor and you cross your fingers. Exactly. You know, it's like anything you buy, you know, you could be good or it gets stuck. You take a peek at it and you hope for the best. Yeah, because I'm telling you, my sister and Lobber has one of those jackwesses and I mean, they love the dog and it's brilliant and they, but they, you know, they have to revolve their life around the dog. Yeah, but that's true with most dogs, don't know. Right. Yeah. I, you know, I don't know. I have a mixed, uh, retriever and, you know, some other type of dog. I don't know what it is. And you just mentioned the word walk and she runs to the front door. I mean, she's, you know, the smart and, but you know, long hair and, you know, you got to deal with that. Yeah, pin in the ass. Exactly. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pally. Thanks. 560, 50560, pound, 560 on the AT&T for Riser Wireless Line. Major responsibility, man. You go to the rescue shelter. You go to the, wherever the pound, abandoned pet rescue. You're looking in the eye and you say, that's the one I'm taking home. Right. Right. In fact, the deal is to get a dog that's like two or three years old. It's already house broken. I already had it shots. Yep. Right. You do that. Sure. But they died two or three years earlier. Why is that? Well, you only have a foot toward three last years. Oh, I see what you're saying. All right. 560, 50560, pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I don't think I'm going to have the dog. Sure. Cool. Good show. I mean, it is a thought. It's something I, you know, battered around in my brain a little bit. I can have this. You take a sheet of paper and on the one side, you write down the positives, which I'm still trying to think of something on the other side. You write down the negatives. And out my second sheet of paper on the right hand side of the column. 28 past one at 560. We got the man dog two to four. Hank is doing a show at Chulos 477. A full play today is that the most mice do would say we got the big seven to 10. Any K10 to two and join Mark overnight. By the way, any came us be feeling a sigh relief. You heard that story and she about how he made a thoroughly sizable bet on the mighty ducks. When in the super bowl, I guess in Vegas had to get that say the super bowl. Yeah, that's it. Yeah, that'd be a long shot. When in the Stanley Cup, I mean, they want to gain the other and actually score three goals in overtime. They want to gain, which is pretty shocking. I don't think that'll happen again. But any K he's touting that he can retire if Anna Heinz should win the Stanley Cup. When if he great for him, a lot of pressure though, a lot of pressure on any K to stay calm. Eddie, start popping some of them. Reigns to be good. Reigns in the morning. Orange in the afternoon. Come on, blues before your show tonight and then purple before he hit the sack. I sure hope everything comes out okay for Mufftum our morning. 29 after one at five 60 WQM if you're bald and fast train can't help you. Nothing they can do for it. If you have sexual performance problems, go to the C to go with a Viagra pills because they can do nothing for you. Okay. But if you're in a dead end job, then fast train of the people you want to be talking to today. Because fast train can have you fully trained and ready for a new high-pank computer career in just four short months. Count them. Okay. Call fast train one, eight six six fast train. If at locations all over town. So like I always tell you, it's about who one can be need by you. They're in Miami, Kendall for a lot of nail and timer finds. Call fast train today while you're thinking about it and get yourself a real career and a big fat paycheck unlike certain people we know. One, eight six six fast train. They offer you job placement assistance. Financial aid can be a daydiving weekend classes. So you have no more excuses anymore to stay in any dead end job or confer real puts. Get yourself some real cash by getting a real career. It's just a phone call in four months away. So jump on that fast train today and call at toll free number one, eight six six fast train. And be sure and tell them the crotchity old deal told you to call eight six six fast train or check them out on the web if you like it fast train.com. Just aint enough. Just have luck. Feelin' the airways with hatred. The radio is permeated with the likes of Dr. Laura Phil, Andrian, Michael, Reagan. They call it clear channel, Thorst and clearly out to bake the message clear. The right wing nine sea republican mother. They're all right wing nine sea republican mother. All right, well, the Democrats who crap their pants like a child's out of scary boobie. App carry my color, who should go home and shut up, thus he don't have a clue what he's doing. The Democrats are all right. The Democrats are all right. They're all right. They're all right. They're all right. carry my color, who should go home and shut up, thus he don't have a clue what he's doing. The Democrats have a Diff wish when it comes to the sky, who they will run. And you can color them done. If they run jolly, they're gone. Right wing nine sea republican mother. They're all right. They're not a republican mother. Who get a dignity if it is a ten-less getting a juicy homer? Just remember what I said when it comes in your back, I say, they give or that train. Right wing, Nazi Republican, motherfucker. They're all right wing, Nazi Republican, motherfucker. For all disabled, talking to these who couldn't get a... 144, 26, till 25, 60, WCM, I haven't won a bit of a time opening up these damn emails. You're sending me and I'm not going to waste my time with. Huh? It's just, you know, I'm trying to do everything I'm going to hurry because of these great braids that we're doing. Can't rush it, can't do it. Don't have time, pal. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T Verizon Wireless Line. 300 and 79 votes on our doggy pool. What's the best breed of dog for a pet? MUT 80. Labored or retriever 57, golden retriever 55. German Shepherd 21, I hate dogs 28. And we find you unconscious and unacceptable. Am I listening movies I'm going to go out and buy today? Repulsion? Resurrection? Way at the gun? Shadow grave? Training day? Legends of the Fall? House of Games? $20 bill? Magnolia? Drugstore Cowboy? Intract? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10. That's a dozen. That's a dozen damn movies we're talking about there. You understand? Lot of cash. Lots and lots of cash. Let's hope parents come through better with my paycheck on the 10th of the year's with benerboy. Didn't he come in and say it was just a joke? Not yet. I'm hoping. Didn't he come in and say we're just playing with your mind? We wouldn't want to screw over anybody, especially on the old show. We don't want to screw over one of the producers. Didn't he say that? Little clearance? Oh, who's too busy with this set up Joseph Gackie's ass? I mean, that whole thing with a U of M and a whole hurricane thing. The aroma. I can smell them all the way up here. It's so anxious. I went to the press 10 afterwards and that's where it's like air conditioning and people have like iced tea and everybody's happy. And then they, the three of you walked in there for of you and there was just a just dunch. There you go. I risked my case. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, I am. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you? I just wanted to tell you, I have a min pin and he's pretty, I got to be the great dog. Great dog. But Jack Russell, they're really hyper. But if you want to get a sweet little low lady, get a dockson. You're talking about just the dog that lays around and does hardly anything. Just that he drinks, runs out that, we we of that get a dockson. I have two of those two. But and I was starting here about tiny. I relate with him. Yeah. So anyway, but good luck. Wherever you get, I'm sure he'll have a good home. Okay. Thanks. Bye. He'll sure have a lot of spots to go to the Gnosticaran. Right. Hmm. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I'm going to take my computer and throw it off my balcony. Alright. Oh, I'm just frustrated because there are some things, even as relatively computer a little bit as I've become. Most of which teach in myself, there's some things I'm not real good at. You have like the email thing with opening these files and doing these things real fast. Like Miguel, I give you an example. Miguel emails here, they start to take for our best of meal campaign and the key change. And then he says at the end of his message, right in the back if you like the sample CD cover. And my message to that is like I like I saw it. I mean, he emailed it to me and I couldn't open it. I couldn't deal with it. I couldn't nothing. I did everything but take a goddamn ball-piece hammer to this thing. Nothing. Right. I just mentioned that in passing. Okay. Okay. I mean, shouldn't it, isn't there an easier way to send stuff? Like most of what you send me, I click on it and there it is. Right. It's a one-step process. And, and I don't know, it ought to be. I'll see what he sent you. It should be. Yeah. See what that means sent me. Okay. What's going on with you, Miguel? Okay. You pussy. He probably like put a filter in there because he's afraid he's going to get stars if I like, you know, have a direct line. Here's your field B, Chelo. Uh, Neil, I'd like to put in my vote for a Schnauzer. A Schnauzer. We haven't had anybody mentioned that today. Schnauzers are among the favorite carriers. They have all the qualities of the carrier breed. They have a short, watery coat, which is great for hot, soft, Florida weather. They don't shed their feisty dogs, but they're not crazy dogs like summer carriers. And all three sizes of Schnauzers, the miniature, the standard in the giant, are known for their intelligence, their loyalty, and their easy trainability. In fact, you mentioned this earlier today, the giant Schnauzer is actually the favorite police dog in Eastern Europe and Western Europe, especially in Germany, with the German Shepherd. Okay. I think you'd like one. Okay, my friend. Thanks. He says I'd like a beach now, sir. 567.0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Play till 2 at QAM. My life and love. This is Fort Wittil, 560. Wait a minute. Hey. I love my Orioles forever. I love my Orioles forever. You're the same. Say it and try to put it in. And they say that an Oriole would save, but I ain't going through my way. Oh, not to the edge of the country. And let go that white stuff away. Oh, I like that little stromoth. 143, 560 WQM, the mad dog go be longer to. Oh, right. Thanks for my shoelas at four. I still can't see this damn thing you sent me. Topless non-topless. I still can't see a god damn thing on here. It's a picture of a couple one picture with top one. Yeah, without top. They want to know. They're giving us options. That's what I figured. We're going to put the topless one on. But you know what, I'll wait until we get it on there. Okay. And then I'll decide. 560, 560. Here's a interesting story. Pleasant down Nebraska, a man accused of trying to steal and. And Hydros ammonia has been arrested for hitting a police dog. Soward County Sheriff Joe Yokem said deputies were sticking out. The Pleasant Dale co-op tank yesterday morning after the manager reported that. And Hydros tanks used for a fieldwork have been tampered with a week before. A 39 year old Lincoln man was seeing climbing one of the tanks opening evolved to place the chemical. An portable tankied brok to the scene. Deputy Brody Duncan identified himself called for demand to climb down again on the ground. York said the man then fled into the dense brush and trees west into Nebraska Highway 103. Deputy Scott Walton is police dog Hexa found the man hiding in the fordied. The man refused to comply with Walton's directions hit the dog several times with his fist. The man gave up after Hexa bit him on his left text. The man was taken a sewer county detention center after he was treated for cuts and genital swelling. At sewer memorial hospital, it was arrested on suspicion of felony possession of an Hydros theft. Resisting arrest boss reporting cruelty to animals and obstructing a police officer. Oh, most ant hydros that's related to method. Methamphetamine manufacturers. No. Chuck says we've had a great racing great hungry doctor when he was four and a half great great dogs. They love people are not hyper at all. We now have an Italian Greyhound. That's a nice. He's very cute and affectionate. He's a little skittish. He doesn't bark in the house only in the yard. But not the dogs get them started. There's even a website at tanym greyhound.org. If you're here having a Italian Greyhound, no. It says the best dogs we own are muts. We now have a border collie slash Britney Spangel Mix. Very smart and beautiful dog. Keep in mind if you're not an older dog. You don't have to house break them like puppies. And they catch on much faster. Britney Spangel Mix. Britney Spirits. Britney Spirits. Listener George says every man who himself. Here comes the real story. My ex wife had a Jack Russell Terrier. It was a terror. What is it? This is like a cult with the Jack Russell dogs. Oh yeah. I've always known that. They're obsessive about it. It says the dog can jump five feet high from a standstill. Will dig into everything and get its mouth or claws on. Has the metabolism of a bunny webbot, which is great if you're triathlete around doorsmen or hunter. All of my ex-wife friends own the same breed. It's a bulk of thing and from plain to the same things. He says our love dogs, but honest to God, they hell-hound ruin shoes, carpeting furniture. Dog up holes in the yard like bunker bustier built for speed, not for chilling home. And his new wife just likes goldfish. What do you think? At least you don't have to worry about them. On a carpet, our friend Moses says. Yes, the boxers are great and his just had pups if you want one. No. Fights Moses the answer is... No. Too big. What's too big? I do get another dog making a big dog. Totally, a little dog is like a security black. You know, like Linus would carry around on his shoulder. Here's a whole big song to dance about these standard poodle. I don't like poodles. Excuse me, I'm sorry. With all the respect to the facts you're handling, everybody else. Poodles are great for those who like him, you know? It's like vanilla ice cream. If you like vanilla ice cream, great. Just just slover it all over yourself. You know, it's like a philobathub with vanilla bean speck and just dive right in. Think they're ugly. Poodles? Yeah. I don't want to say that though because I want to hurt anybody's feelings. I think they're extremely ugly dogs. Just like I think that those little... Not like they got to call her head as two two hours. You know, we say he likes lat dogs. He's got two little two hours. I'm not saying they're ugly. They're cute. Two hours are cute. But they're like... they're hyper. They shake. Have you ever seen somebody with a two hours? They never stop shaking because they weigh about three pounds. And here they are, you know, it would be like being a pet to an elephant, you know? You give a little bit nervous. And there's one thing I cannot stand. It's nervous, unfriendly dogs. You go to somebody's house, they got a dog. Oh, oh, I can't stand that. And he just... he just reached out to like petta-merge. And just, you know, look at him and they run. They run. Like you're going to kill him. Don't like anti-social dogs. Don't say it. Oh, then this is a good dog. I can't believe nobody said why I'm a reiner. Right? We're going to put that on there. Right now. It's a great short hair, levelable, silly German dog. Sometimes called the ghost dog. Silver gray with the L.O.I.s. I've had one for six years and it's great, but now real smart. Good. We don't want dogs that are smarter than we are. See all these people talk about, oh, dog so smart. How about when it's not quite so smart? Yeah, one life for a for Greg Reed would be good. When it's not too bright, something he could relate to. Ivn says, my husband and I have four year old Yorkshire Terriers. I've been a whole lot with a great temper. I've taken to work in fact we take him everywhere. He is never alone. We love him. You could consider the Yorkie breed. Says Ivn. All right, Yorkie's like real hairy. I don't know. No, they're not. They're not? No. Shed hard day at all. I'm confused. I must be confusing with some of their kind of a tere. Maybe I'm thinking of a wire here, tere, is that possible? I don't know much about those either. Susie and Western says, go for a Greyhound near Not too big. They may great pets. They come house trained in their big old couch potatoes. Very low maintenance and they eat good homes. That's true. Susie, I'm with you. We had one that lived a 15 and a half, the other one 13 and half. Also, Cancer really great. No, no, no, no, no. So, Zy, I don't want to say you're barking up the wrong tree sweet arch. He says, Cancer really great. My husband didn't want our first one. I doubt that him now worked to five cats. He's crazier than I am with him. There was a company as any dog, but don't need to be walked and be left alone if you go away. The great you were doing great with the great house, Zy. But the cats? No. If I could tell you what I think of cats, okay, the words that I would use would get us into deep crap. Don't like cats. Don't like people's houses where there are cats. Don't like to hold concept with the litter box. I've talked about that until I'm blue in the post. I'm getting four ways. Oh my god. I mean, how about your kids? I mean, you know, it's expensive to keep an water bill going flush in the toilet. How much does it have at a box in the living room? Or like, or in a kitchen, maybe, and all like where everybody cooks their food? Can your kids tell they get a box? There's all this sudden drop a number in the box. Okay, and cover to what would sand. Huh? Yeah. Why not? If it's good enough for kitty cat, why isn't it good enough for a kid? And while the kids poop wouldn't smell as bad. Oh, man. And then when they pee in that litter box, woo. Forget about the poop part. But you walk into a house of somebody's gun and they deny it. Oh, my house smells like lilac here. Right. Yeah, like lilac that some cat pee on. Who the hell are you? People kidd man. Oh, and of course it's like anything else. If you if you live in it. And it's the dog's. It's the same thing. There's there's a constant aroma in the house. No matter how hard you try to avoid it. So when you live in it, you don't notice it. But when somebody comes in, a visitor, whatever comes in the house. Whoa, you could just swoon from it. You know, like where's the where's the lilac spray? What about how the crap is? They've gotten used to it. So they have no idea how high. Right. That's what I'm saying. And they've gotten used to the smell of pee and crap. And oh, I'll come find with that stuff in the litter box. Oh, no. It smells just like roses like dandelions. Smells like pee and crap to me. What? 152 at 5.60. W to Q a m. Yeah, how about if I get a kitty cat? Okay. Hmm. Yeah. No, I'm just thinking of the things I would like to do to it. Like maybe skin it. Try it. Take it. No. Are you starting again? But that Chinese stuff. We already got SARS from people eating kitty cat. Let's not to accidentally anymore. Okay. I'll see here they do some amazing things in a kitchen with jirbles though. In the kitchen? In the kitchen, in living room, in the bedroom. How low can they go folks? Now the financial group does the limbo under the lowest refinance rate. How low? 1.95%. Sounds to get to be true. But that's the number. Now you can refinance your homer by a new homer. Get a super low 1.95% financing with our friends at financial group. Call 1-800-940-LAND. That's 1-800-940-LAND. Because this is a piece of agency copy the Todd Recone retipe. It says music. I want to forgot the bungalow. Even if you're thinking about refinancing or buying real estate, call financial group. 1-800-940-LAND and you talk about savings check this out. If you have yourself a $100,000 loan, your payments are only $360 bucks a month. If you have a $200,000 loan, you pay only $736 a month. So, confidential group toll free and find out what it's all about. Call 1-800-940-LAND and get the low low rate you be looking for 1.95%. Interest rates are with all time low so no way call now and get that rate. 1.95% from financial group. 1-800-940-LAND. That's financial group 1-800-940-LAND. They're an equal housing lender. Federal restrictions apply. Great subject to change monthly 5.19 APR. 5-940-LAND. And low. This is sports video 5-6. I'm going to be way too way ahead. Go be. I'm going to go. Up the butt. Oh! Hello! I'm a very in-fade beer today. It'll probably know me now. It's me, me. The white house in China. I may love to get paid. I have to look on this neck and suck his earlobe. That's how fast he's doing. He liked it. He grabbed my skirt and high-git. Top off my blows and spike it. Yeah, that's the way. He liked it. He had a summer on 61. That's when I mentioned pay. Give a hug and have some fun. Then we went all the way. Got smashed the way. He liked it. Everybody grabbed my skirt and high-git. He caught off my blow and spike it. Yeah, that's the way. He liked it. We did it in a live-o. We did it in a live-o. We may love on every one. One time it takes me up from school. Far on free summer and there and on. My nose is flush. That's the way. Everybody, he liked it. He grabbed my skirt and high-git. Top off my blow and spike it. Yeah, that's the way. He liked it. All right. One, 58 at five, 60, W.C. The mandog stand and buy he'll be with us two to four. So the movie of the day is a Glenn Gary Glenn Ross, right? Right. Would Jack Lemon, Al Pacino, Alec Baldwin and a short but very compelling role. Kevin Spacey, Kevin Spacey, Kevin Spacey reminds me an en movie of every fly shirt. Yeah. Can he look like a man at movie? I'm not sure that's the only similarity but. And don't leave out Alan Arkin. Alan Arkin too is very good as a front-piece sad. Right. Old sales hole. Yeah, if you're one of those people who works with sales holes, especially like we do. You've got to see a Glenn Gary Glenn Ross. So to mark between 10 and 11 we'll find out. I see the one good thing about what's your name? Sarah? Is that we still got a lot of good work to do? Because 56% of the audience hasn't seen him over yet. Luckily I'm for a dream. We can make a lot of converts out there. Here's a call from Del Ray Beach, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, talking about old sales holes. I used to advertise with you with Tom D. Back in 89 and 90. Old Tommy Dennerberg. Yeah, how's he doing? He's just a lie. I wanted to email you to tell you something. And I went on the website and there's no email link there. And they said, you don't have a how do you get so many emails? Now these are personally emails. Oh, okay. Well, if I did that, I'd have like 40,000. Yeah, I think you'd have the other even open. I wanted to tell you about, I wanted to tell you about my daughter's store, but you wanted to sound like an advertising, which she's out and sunrise. I'm probably going to get 10 seconds to do with my friend. Okay, it's go through my daughter's dinner for a puppy country. She has all the puppies. You can look at them and she'll help you out. Where is it? It's on Lestin Road in state road 84. F. The Jennifer, that's my daughter. She's real. Okay, thanks a lot, Pally. Thanks. Okay, bye. Go see Jennifer, get a doorknob. Bye, bye, bye. The new watchers show on five seconds on your two-way. I'm in for Lervay. I feel really, really, really. Okay.