Why did you wear Steve? Bill Clinton was exposed as an adulterer. One of his goals may have been to humiliate me publicly, but now is my turn to show him what I had discovered. On that auspicious day, lunch was served on the grounds under an enormous white canvas tent. One of my challenges that afternoon was Fidel Castro. There was a mischievous gleam in his eye. Then he said something that left me in awe. Hillary, I have a picture of you in my office. Mmm, delicious! Almost immediately, we crashed into bed. It was wonderful to lose myself in sheer physical sensation. A few days later, Steve wondered, called and asked if he could come over to see me at the White House. I answered, yes, you must come to see me. That night, I was ushered upstairs until the Putonic Wig and Hoops skirt. And he periodically broke into giggles for no apparent reason. I'm not all that athletic anymore, but the next thing I knew I was swinging back and forth, squealing. When Steve finished, I felt numb. Another surprise soon followed, Palma Cartney, George Harrison, and Nick Jagger. Bill didn't mind. After all, it happens. It sure does, you go, girl. 10, 0, 1, 5, 16, WQM, happy Friday to you. You were right, I was wrong. It takes a big fat man to admit it. You were right. It'll come any bigger, Fatter. Well, I guess they did. They, I'm in a right place for that. When you're in South Florida, no matter how old you get, that's one part, you're still a youngster. Yes. You're a spring chicken, and no. No matter how fat you are, QM, you've got lots and lots. People will make you look like rumple stills, demand big fat tubby people. But you were right about the fact that they'd been put on at the same time, and then it would have won the 9, 11 thing. Oh, yes. Well, we didn't. So we gave kind of a handy camp. And we had little, a little note of no interest to George, but just some just for a point of information. And the Toronto Sun yesterday, here's the little burb on the sports page. Bruins, one panther's one and it says, the panther's offered season ticket holders, four free tickets to the game, and an effort to fill the arena with NHL Commissioner Gary Bedman and attendance. There were 17,465 tickets distributed, although the crowd appeared to be no more than half that size. That's what it said, both in the Sun and the Star here yesterday. Where truth, of course, makes a little bit of difference. As opposed to the U.L. propaganda, you get from the shields like Mike Russo and David J. Neal. And very badmasses. Oh, I didn't need to have any of that done, because I watched your games on TV. Oh, ho ho ho ho. At a boy Gary, if I'd like to get a nose job, you idiot. You've simpleed in you. So there you go. So the beast, I guess, is being generous, of course he likes generous portions. So when he called in yesterday's said, or maybe 12,000 people ever done a game, he was exaggerating just a wee bit, maybe about 50%. Anyway, 1446 votes on yesterday's poll. Oh, got the new inquiry to there, I should point out. Wow. Got some stuff in there, including, I'm even going to do an article about Lacey and Stacey and Macy, which we've, a situationally avoid talking about that. Yeah, so why you're going to know. Because it's important stuff, it's as Lacey was smothered. Scott Kilder and her sleep cops chilling evidence. Got the new Michael Jackson crap. By the way, what was on last night was not your main to the case. And all that's gets serious. Oh, you talk about what you say yesterday. It's all spin all the time. Not just that story, but every story. It's all spin politics, Michael Jackson, you name it. The spin doctors hard at work to manipulate public opinion. While the public is busy shopping till they drop going. Like that, who's Scott Peterson and who to help wash it, I really care. And we get a little bit more on Hill Pop and Rush quite a bit more as a matter of fact. Chuckle. No, I love the headline. Can I find headline in the new inquiry? Could you please web closing in on Rush? A rap, police web. Oh, right. Blacks, is they're just trying to smear him and make him look bad. Yes, smear this Roy. It's all fishing, expedition. Smear this Roy. 1446 votes on yesterday survey. What news of other the past 50 years had the most significance to you? Before we get the results on, here's our very first important call from Lion6QAM. Recyl, I heard. George W. Bush deals the 2000 election for 113 votes. 9-11 which we didn't put until nearly the end of the show. 360-2. You're right if we'd have put them on simultaneous side by each. A lot of people would like to have changed their vote. Because originally the poll said other than 9-11. Because we assumed, automatically, when by a landslide, we put it on right near the very end of that was my bad. Or maybe it was my bad punter on it all. JFK assassination was a strong 3171. Hurricane Andrew, which also I apologize for putting it on very late, stuck my mind, I'm out of touch 87. Vietnam more 78, collapsed at a Soviet Union 48, Johnlet and Murder 41, the Challenger Explodes 32. Demary Al-Boltlift 31. The Alien saga. The Alien saga. The Alien saga. 28. Berlin Wall comes down 28 Internet Bubble Burst 26. Clinton impeachment 23. Watergate slash Nixon Reservation 17. Elvis Crooks on a Krapers 16. Martin Luther King assassination 16. Prenses Die Dyes. Die Die NU 11. Arnold Schwarzenegger becomes Governor of California 9. And the RK assassination only 6. It's just they just don't care about Bobby Kennedy, I guess. Why is that? I'll see that. That really well. I'm asking personally, and of course they can't tell me what I want to hear. But it just seems to me in terms of significance. Because he was upstage by his brother. Because he's not been assassinated, he would have won the election almost for sure. And we never had Nixon or Watergate and the whole lot of things would have been much different. But then again, if chickens pee, they'd have a wet underside too. So stop and think about that. Let's see. Now this where did this come from? What? This looks like a listener wrote it. Why? Ha ha ha ha. Best of Neil and Joe Mark to a drive with Joe and Mark at singular wireless. At 1920 South University Drive in Davy, new to two today. Is this from a girl? Yes. I see. See, yesterday we did okay. Thanks to the fact that I threatened to put your hands on here today. Would you brought out tons of people? I were like just toppling all over each other. And when looked like we only had 20 bucks there with the shell station. We're on up with 500. What is it? 3. 503. I thought I was misreading my run and where did he get 3? Well, remember he threw in the three bucks. So I guess that's right. 503. So anyway, our total for a van in Paris use getting up there. We'll make 50. 46,000, 148 bucks. We ought to make 100,000, but we won because most of you are cheap backters. And then some of you don't have a job. And some of you, even if you didn't have a really good job, you still wouldn't give a dime. And you've got all kinds of excuses, but that's okay. We're used to that. So anyway, singular wireless and, of course, Joe and Mark always raised tons of cash. Every time I'm in, when they go out, there's nothing like it. You know, when you agree with that, when they go to collect money for us, there is nothing like it. We'll take it. We'll take whatever they get, you're right. So that's known to do today just mention that in passing. Anyway, this very important internal memo, which we try to avoid putting internal memos on here. WQAM, hello. Yes, hello. What is it? What is it? I don't know what my name is Roy. Open park. Oh, let's go to a rock. Okay, park. Hey, how you doing, Roy? Okay. It's one of those things about that. You really have to think that why I say charge in them people with obstruction or, you know, I've just got to be lost. Abstracts are adjusted. That's right. That's a good point. They have to throw their ashes in the slimmer. You're right. They're busy, sue, and people to try to hop on a gravy train and get their skirts and money out of the apartment. In the meantime, they ought to be charged with obstructing justice. Excellent point, Roy. At least they don't think that. Have a good day. And you too. So he's going to quit while he's in here because actually agreed with, well, it's not to agree, right? Right. I think that Maris Grease ass and the rest of her two and let Lazaro and, uh, some of those other drug and my lives, they ought to be in jail. For obstructs and adjusts. But of course, they didn't want to piss off all the old Cubans. Get them all riled up again. And then get all the attorneys that fat Armardo Gugliers out again, and some of those that roll, foul, foul, foul, Sanchez, whatever's the image. Right. What he hears. You notice how some of the most obnoxious people in South Florida have that same last name Sanchez. Well, I apologize to the other eight million Sanchezes in South Florida. I had somebody else in mind. Anyway, maybe Rick Sanchez would like to be because his TV shows obviously a bomb or a bomb, but a bomb. It's going to be going off here one of these days soon. You know, he'd like to be on the morning show. Have you been trying to watch it for just, you know, that was great. Oh, God. There's no audience. There's no studio audience to understand. It's just right. Him and attorney little broom closet talking to people on folding chairs. And you didn't like it. Oh, oh, I loved it. No, okay. What's long as you like it? Anyway, here's our first poll today. Now, yesterday, I don't know how much response this one won't be up really all that long. Because it's one of those, you don't want to like waste two hours on. I got another one later on. What's your take on the lake worth woman who got four years in prison for serving booze to miners and having sex with a 30 year old boy? What's up? They're already. Five choices. See, I don't know what to say about that. I just don't think that, especially when you consider that some other people like murder people, get like a slap on a wrist in a few years, then to get out early for good behavior and not raping any inmates. I mean, I don't know. Here are the choices. Four years is way too much. I agree with the sentence. She should have gotten more. She should only be on probation or she got four years. My collection should get 40. That's not your main to the question, but never less. If anybody missed it, your main says, oh, yeah, to police abuse Michael and they beat him up in a, he's got bruises and he's got a sore shoulder and he's all sore about it and he's got a sore, uh, back them, all these other things. They gave me a monkey, Boba, Maru. Yeah. And then, in the meantime, course, everybody saw that he was just a waltz at a long, just fine. He was moonwalking right into the goddamn jail and he moonwalked right out and hopped in the old van and zipped off to a Vegas. New game. I've been the zipping it on zipping it all these other things, but oh no, now we got a new spin on at the, of course, nobody. Oh, nobody believes that. Try even terrain, don't believe that. But it sounds good. They abused him and they beat up on him. To which if that were true, we'd probably say, Oh, right. They gave me a wedgie. Yeah. Uh-oh. Man, oh man, it's hard to find any room left over in here. I come. Good deal, birds. So the first pole is up and I don't know if, you know, I also should have, dammit, one more archaegory, I'm sorry about this, Eric. Right? We had to put a category in there. I don't know, I don't know the story. Oh, all right. Boy, got to put that on the idea. Yeah, I got a side up. Not for making it with a story. Let's get that on there. Tell Eric, uh, give him a nudge. Just poking the, uh, puppet. I'm counting. 7, and it's 10, and 5, 60, W, Q. I'm happy Friday, too. We got a full duck it today, and I didn't get to the memo yet about that morning talent that we were looking forward to. I'm listening. Officials Q, A, M, M, M might be. It says, morning showing out, sir. That's a good thing. So if somebody evidently from over here in his squeezes, could last me bag all morning long and all paranoid, of course it's not paranoid when he have good reason to be fearful, Howard. Oh, I mean, does he Howard. Attent in horse racing fans, Pompano Park is the open along with a card room for their 40th anniversary season. The track features free admission, free general parking every day, live harness racing and poker room are very open every Monday, Wednesday, Friday, like tonight and Saturday, poker starts at noon. If you like your poker and live racing gets underway nightly at 705 p.m. including two night. Don't forget every Monday night to Pompano Park is a two for $25.00 in a prestigious sixth floor top of park restaurant. The food is outstanding. What the hell did I have for dessert tonight that I was there? Oh my God, was that good? I forgot. Damn it. Maybe Steve Wolf will fax me a certain plug it on the air. Man, it was one of the best dessert things I ever had there in my life. Anyway, every Wednesday night to December 17, in other words, this coming Wednesday, the Hooters Girls of the Apompano Park for dollar night, helping serve draft beers and meeting racing fans, helping know your meat. And don't forget, Pompano Park is open for a simultaneous casting every single day, seven days a week and nights as well featuring the best in final casting, harness their bright highlight. From all across North America, feet of watch and puns, your guts on Randy Wafels is back. Pompano Park, a blast out of the night at Pompano Park, on Powerline Road, for the new racing schedule called 9-5-4-9-7-2-2000. Oh, I know what it was. It was kind of like a, um, oh, what the hell was it? Like a hoes. Oh, hi. Now. Now. Now. Take. Now. Take. Now. Let's come back to me. You should be able to. You're getting close. Pompano Park, horse power, you can bet off of the new racing schedule 9-5-4-9-7-2-2000 or go to the wicked web at pompanopark.com. My, my, and the vehicle. We are sports radio 5-60s, you and you, A-M. No. How young is too young? I don't know. But, good, man. I got you, you're not good. I am the winner. Well, it wasn't even close. I terminated for all great day, Chris. You're people didn't seem to care. I grabbed the movie and the little miss. California has spoken out to winner. Lots of women said I filed them in all it was like 33. But that don't care. And the water's okay. Because now I'm done to prop a data on the California team. Well, I used dollar my muscle and I used dollar my sex appeal. I'm very hot. I guess the borders didn't care that I may all those big mouth, who chees could screw you. Well, if you're honest with your public, and you tell them you're adding badminton to the free. Trust me. Therefore give you, like they did me and the link you told the GOP. He's a key change in the song. Who's the man taking the fat man to a Mario brother? Never had a prayer. Oh, probably, but, terrible. The boy to start about his naked, he still had men on the way. With a little teeny tiny holes. On the big, I'm the winner and my hot wife is a cannot be. And now I'm done to prop a data on the California team. Yeah, good for you. That's 17 at 560. By the way, that investigation about that, he's going to investigate himself. Ain't going to happen. No? He said, well, but I investigate myself. And that kind of stupid I lied. Let us see you on Tito. What's your take on the lake worth woman who got four years in prison for serving boost the miners having sex with that 13 year old boy? What's your take? If she got four years, Michael Jackson should get 40, 20 people said that. Are the first 63 votes? Four years is way too much, 14. That's what I voted. Do you owe for that? I voted for the probation. Tisha only beyond probation, 10. I agree with the sentence eight, she should have gotten more, four. And I'm not familiar with a story four so far. She got more, you look about 50 years in a slamer I would think at the very least. Here's a couple of facts as people get in pretty pressed about certain things. This one just very simply says US age, July 4th 1776 to October 7th 2003, RIP. How do you like that? And Greg and Sunrise is just so out of control. I wish he'd put it back in his pants just to kind of like, cool off for a second or two to heal. Says, how about a pool of nasty if I were present, I would blank. For me, I eliminate all taxes and options to all religions. Like I said, nice going Greg. I don't need a long assumptions from money's used directly to wait the poor elderly in the disabled. Oh, that's no fun. After all the other money they make is used to support the religious beliefs and build big fancy churches and temples. I would rate segue into the story of the day. You know what the story of the day is? What's the story of the day? The Reverend Robert Schur, and the crystal cathedral in that hour of shower power. But before we get to that, what we're going to take the call online. Number one, QAM hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Yeah, one more for your poll. I know you're not taking poll things, but where was she when I was 13? Okay. Yeah, I was thinking about that. Yeah, we might be in poor taste. Oh, that's a bad way to put it. I always put my foot in my mouth. Anyway, let's not overburden, Eric. Okay, he's under tremendous duration. Unbelievable stress. Can you imagine a fat person like him at the holidays? Oh boy. I don't have to imagine. They're all little and man. Because holidays are just a convenient excuse to be really pigmented. Most of us fat people, we don't need any excuses. We just pick out just as matter of course, but during the holidays, I got some very bad news for you by the way. Guess what I found yesterday, and I wasn't even looking for it. Candy? Well, now you're warm. It was a kind of candy. I used to have my name on it. Rogers, almond, brinnell. Oh boy. ought to be illegal. Oh, gee. If I just wouldn't have seen it. I wasn't looking for trouble. It was my own business. I was just going to get like a bottle of water. And that's the truth. Available only with a prescription for people. Available only where I happen to like fall into. Oh, brother. That stuff is your right. It's a seemingly good. You can order it online. I don't see red there on the market numbers. Do I? That's bad. Oh, see that's bad. Anyway, here's a memo QAM position of the house. A. M. position available. December 11, 2003. That's yesterday's date. If I'm correct. Position morning show an answer. Availability in immediate. Absolutely. Description. Knowledge of sports and the ability to meditate is a must. Must also be highly motivated. Creative and a team player. Oh, oh, maybe that's why we're looking for a morning show an answer. Because maybe we got somebody who's not a team player. Absolutely. Frozen gate until fuel. Peace and resume. To QMA. Attention. Attention. Josh. Joshua. Oh, Joshua. That's a really Joshua. I'm guiding light. Joshua. I mean, Joshua in a Bible is Joshua. Do you know anybody named Joshua? I do now. Who did Joshua slay? He slayed some all of them. The keen and I. The Palestinians. The men and nights. He gentrified his real life. The Palestinians. The. Falacious. I don't know. He slayed a whole bunch of folks who's got to pull them. That's a lot of pain. Oh, listen to this. Here's the story of the century. I love this. Heftner burger ads upset Reverend Schuler. Rhyme. Oh. Woo. What a great time to Greg Spanx from sunrise. By the way, Greg, you can still put it away for a while. Los Angeles, the Reverend Robert H. Schuler, who's wittly our power televentilist show Ayers nationwide, is objecting to TV commercials that used playboy founder Hugh Heftner talk a new line of hamburgers. The ads are for line of five sandwiches called the six dollar burger sold by Carl's Junior restaurants in 14 Western states. A Carl's Junior, that's not where they had to eat coal. I burgers was it that was the other one. Or maybe it was Carl's Junior. What's the other rich thing out there? The big boy. The big boy. No, not big boy. They don't got no big boy. Jack or box. Jack and a box. I think you're very good. What a great comeback. That was after just sticking both feet in his mouth. That was good. The ads feature Heftner 77 and a signature silk pajamas holding a bulging sandwich. Oh. People always ask me, hey Heft, you have favorites. He says in one version, I love them all. It just depends on what I'm in the mood for. In one add, his comments are in the spruce with appearances by three women. One of whom says, I feel for Heft. It's so hard to choose. The tagline of the campaign is because some guys don't like the same thing night after night. In his weekly sermon, table I Sunday for broadcast this Sunday, the 77 year old Schueler denounces the ads as harmful to children and demeaning to women. Wait to hear his comments. He says, I have never been so appalled. Heard wounded embarrassed and I cannot let it pass. Schueler said from the pulpit. American kids are dying in Iraq every goddamn day, including Moriester Day. But he's concerned about commercials for Hamburg. Heard that Carl's Junior with Hugh Heftner. I have never been so appalled. Heard wounded embarrassed and I cannot let it pass. Schueler said from the pulpit. The ads as sparked hundreds of complaints since they began hearing in early November, Quintacarral Junior spokeswoman Caroline Leacon. She's Leacon. Last month, injections from the leaders of Thomas Aquinas College, a liberal, a Catholic liberal arts school college in Santa Paula, California, resulted in the resignation of Andrew Puzder. President and Chief Executive of CKE restaurants ink from the school's good board of governors. He's a Puts. Schueler said the company's founder Carl Karcher is just heartbroken that a company he founded on Christian principles has taken such an immoral act that can be so dangerous on the impressions of what the children who watch. Leacon says he hasn't heard from Karcher about the campaign. Where sorry people took offense, but were standing by our advertising, she said, unlike those whips that have a crowbee in bitch. Where sorry people took offense, but were standing by our advertising, she said, there's nothing sexual about them. Leacon said the Hector campaign will end at the end of the month. The change, Agi, and the spark complaints for years including one, where young woman rides a mechanical bullmaid eating a burger. Another word team of people manipulated chicken and church of its nuggets. That's what's grand was doing the thru! Yeah, he was searching for his nuggets. The end with the towel, by the way, the good news is to restrain for it is to deal with this. The end with the tagline chickens don't have nuggets, with the restaurants chicken strips. CKE restaurants based in Carpentier, California, or I never heard of that place, but I sure like the name Carpentier. Don't you like that? That does roll off nice. Carpentier, California, also operates hearty's and lost salsa restaurants. It's Specy and Spicy Baby City, and the Reverend Schiller is pissed off and fired up, so you those who are more on, they're going to be watching his hour of power, but let's go take a shower this Sunday morning on TV from his crystal-to-federal from his expensive pigs there in his crystal-to-federal. You'll be able to see him vent and from it the mouth. He has never been, what's that line again? I've never been so appalled hurt wounded and embarrassed, and I cannot let it pass. Sure we're said from the pulpit. He cannot let a big one pass. Wow, that just doesn't that just do something for you? No. Next we want a barf. Oh, it will. Besides that. Anyway, how's that thing with that, maybe I shouldn't even take a pole on this story, but I think it's important. It just struck me as really being bizarre, especially the way we distribute justice so unevenly. Yeah? I mean, what she did was obviously unacceptable, and in addition to what there's nothing in the story that I read that indicates that she gave the kid, like Michael, who was given in that Jesus juice, written it through a lot of her can with a straw. Yeah, that's in today's story again in the inquire. We knew about it in the Vegas story, but now come to find out the kid with a cancer. Okay, that's a man, the centerpiece of this new allegation. He was feeding him Jesus juice, which is what he called when you drink wine out of a can through a straw. It's Jesus juice. But I mean, there's no education that she had to look at a kid up, but of course, she was 27, he's 13. So don't say it. No, what you have to plan with wine. Anyway, what's your take on a lake worth woman who got four years in prison for serving booze to miners and having sex with a 13 year old boy? I know what Reverend Schoenor would think about it. If she got four years Michael Jackson City at 40, 33 people said that. She should only be on probation. Guess how many said that? I'm 30 man. Four years is way too much, 17. I agree with the sentence 13. I'm not permitted with a story 10. She should have gotten more six, six angry suffer of an idiot. Just in time for the holidays, you should have gotten the life honey. They should have fried you ass in the electric chair and old spurkey. Fire an head baby up again, just one more time. What you think? Oh yeah, definitely. 10 26 and 5 60 WM. It's a wonderful time of the year. And the holidays. A lot of people enjoy it. They do their thing with their families and their friends. But a lot of people hate to crowded malls in the traffic and a lot of register lines and all the parking hassles. In fact, some people go to get so pissed off about a parking space or you know how that goes. So make your gift giving a pleasure. A little easier this year for you and your loved ones. Give a gift certificate from dialometres. What a practical. What a great gift. That would be. Call them now at 1 800 mattress and give the gift. You're looking for it. Night in and night out. Thalametra is got gifted to get to any denomination and a new bed for the master bedroom. It's a perfect gift you'll both enjoy for years. Thalametra is no fool. He promises no bait and switch. Just unbeatable the best in the world discount prices every day at the top brand. Name's now including. Stearns and foster hewit. Thalametra is got the guaranteed lowest prices anywhere on Stearns. Ambon and his foster. What's that to zurt? When you call Thalametra's toll free at 1 800 mattress. You picked the day in time for delivery within any to our window. 7 days week for me to the morning to 10 a night and they show up on your our waiting for him. So when it's convenient for you, that's when there'll be there and do the whole thing. On a sales practice is fantastic service every day low prices. Same day delivery and free set up and removal make it easy to see. Even a moron can see. Absolutely. By dialometres is ranked number one in the world of customer satisfaction. Do what everybody's doing. Even a beast now is sleeping on a mattress and dialometres for his big badass. So call him today at 1 800 mattress. 1 800 mA TTRES or online you'll find it at matras.com. Happy holidays from audio good close personal piezons at dialometres. My life is low. This is for 25 to keep you away. You wait a two way. Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. In one song he mentions banging seven women. He was Lou Bega. I'm not a guy. I'm not a guy. I'm not a guy. I'm not a guy. I don't want to brag but the Lou Bega is cavalier about his mega hit. Mom, number five. I'm unlike me so many epic nights. I must snack often. God is this guy for real. Desperate to get a viewpoint was conflicted with this obnoxious mother. We start outside counter stock or Jane. Oh man suck. This Lou Bega is a despotional sex addict. He has the lesions of rander and a severe fallocum session. He should be castrated and forced to eat it. I mean really. You don't catch me having sex with seven men. Ever. In my life time. But we are attempted to spread it Lou Bega had backfire. So we went the other way and found porn star Ron Jeremy. Jesus that's f***ing fantastic. You know I don't think I ever did it with seven women in my whole career. I mean at one time four was the most they gave me. But then it kind of evens out because I was you know. Let's just say I'd that Lou Bega didn't put it in all the places I did. So for me four women was more like ten or twelve. You know come to think of it. That Lou Bega is an asshole. Who was he to say he's better than me? Were you listen to this typical man. They all have to whip out their things and brag about who gets to do me. I mean not me. Oh hell yes I mean me. Do me Lou. Of course my lovely for that is what I do. I sort of a still lovely ladies. Oh Christ we're back to him again. Well somebody please kill me. It's a big juicy shopping with like a show business tonight. On the inside of a hide. Henry 3. Yeah I don't get on here we're here to oblige 142 volts on there. And the audience don't agree with that sentence ridiculous. That's why I put it on there. Coach to show you man this judge. What was the judge? What more? The judge was somebody. Where the hell is that? I know was in here. Jack Cook. Palm Beach Circuit Judge Jack Cook. Follow me one reason to give Dwayne a lighter sentence that she was the guidelines called for a sense of eight to sixteen and a half years in prison. Gads. Eight to sixteen and a half years. But he said the psychologist has to fight. She's ever so made a pen of personality disorder and wanted to be like by the neighborhood teams. Well what better way to be like by the neighborhood team. I give a bunch of boos and screw at least one of them. That she was really popular right. He liked it. So wouldn't. Anyway this fact he just sent me from Philly Bay allegedly in Rio de Janeiro Brazil do you believe that? No. No. Because the handwriting was too familiar. But it says do you think anything will happen now that they find out that Halle Burton is over charging the pen of gun on a November contract. Yeah stick Cheney's going to go away on this weekend. Spend a whole weekend killing peasants again. Right. And if anybody has to go out and he'll give give them the bird. Somebody call that story. It's coming just relax. Okay. Everybody has come down. A little bit too pushy. Okay. I got a big pile of stuff including this. The brand new and choir. Oh. The December 23rd edition. There's only the 12th. I was so excited when I saw the new and choir on the shelf. I just about pee my pants. Then I saw those Rogers candies. Those almond burles. That was bad. Can't see nothing is perfect. Speaking of nothing is perfect. That's what your president would tell you because three suicide bombers in a furniture truck blew themselves up at the gates of US Army Base yesterday killing one soldier in owning 14. It was the 3rd suicide attack on American troops in Iraq this week. There was another soldier that drowned yesterday which should have the story. I had it. But if he didn't look real quick, it wasn't important to put on the news. I guess. That's how sad this is. This is just like Vietnam all over again. Not in terms of the numbers yet, but in terms of the way the media is dealing with like, well, that's not so important anymore. Americans getting killed in Iraq. Well, that's commonplace. It happens every day. So let's have some more flu stories on there to keep the public in a state of panic. And psychosis. Oh my God. Right. Oh my gosh. There's this flu going around and people are lined up 50 yards deep for that flu shot. And a few kids. They put this statistics on there. There's thousands of people die from the flu every year. Is this something new? No. Is it revolutionary? No. Is it the end of the world? No. No. Let's just keep them occupied and pee in their pants. Now let's not talk anymore about dead soldiers because it's not good for the bush mice's reelection. Pentagon auditor is found that Vice President Dick Cheney's former company may have overturned the Army by as much as $61 million for gasoline in Iraq. See me defensive. Officials say yesterday. Halle Burton apparently didn't profit from the possible over charges. Officials said speaking on condition of enemy. Of course, the problem the officials said was that Halle Burton may have paid a subcontractor much for the gas in the first place. The Pentagon official said the Halle Burton subsidiary involved in the Iraq construction work Kellogg Brown and Ruth. Also submitted a proposal for cafeteria services that was $67 million to high. Officials said the Pentagon rejected the proposal. The defensive official said they had no reason to believe problems for anything other than stupid mistakes by Halle Burton. Well, that sounds like all of our work. There's a bunch of no big contracts. They make stupid mistakes. With your tax dollars. And the meantime we're saying, Hey, guess what? Are you countries that didn't join in with us? Germany and France and Canada and everybody else? All or Canada and I were saying, Oh, we still like you. But maybe we'll give you like a little bone. But we do want you to forgive all those loans to the Iraqis. You know, I help us out. But in the meantime, we're going to stick our foot way up your ass. But they help us out because otherwise it'll be cost us more money. To try to bail their ass out. To try to extricate ourselves from this quagmire. I'm going to read that story that article later by David Corn. But when I was starting to read you about the hordes, about the stir in the Hornets and this because you I used that term before. It's an old concrete phrase. David Corn was in the end of the nation. I'm going to read that later. I got a lot of reading to do. They in between the very important calls of course. A lot of important calls. Here's the second poll. We're going to be starting at 11 o'clock. Not noon, Eric 11 o'clock. Because this one I just wanted to see the lay of the land. We got the message. You know what I mean? Got it. Second poll today. Which show biz figure gives you the biggest pain in the ass. We've never asked you quite that way. No, not that. What show business figure gives you the biggest pain in the ass. I got a short list. Dear Liz Taylor, Michael Jackson, the cold kidman, Ben Affleck and Robert Downey Jr. Can't put him up. I'm so sorry. I'm tired of day low. Yeah, well, while we get them all on just relax. Because I don't be pushy. Here on the inquiry. And to brand new one, Nicole's engagement disaster. The cheating scandal and why fiancee's friends Hayter. Man, Hayter is an understatement. She just makes me gag. She got an Italian. No, not really. She's okay. I'm not gonna, you know, she's not okay, actress once in a while, right? Generic. Yeah, it's very generic. Oh, I was trying to watch sexy beast last night. Did you ever see it? No. I just, another slow starter. I just couldn't get into it. Then I kept flipping back over to the hockey game. And I just, I'll watch it another time. I'll wait for your review. It looks like it's got possibilities, but it's, I don't know. I just, little bizarre. Little too strange for a normal guy like me. I can't get past that title. You say, I've got the worst news in the history of mankind. This is even, in fact, the story by Reverend Schuiller, I take it back. This is the story of the day. You step yourself in? All right, it's wrapped on. Consumer advocate Ralph Nader said yesterday he's leaning toward another independent run for the presidency, and will make his decision public in January. Was I right? Yeah, that's bad. Really bad. We're testing the waters, Nader said an interview with CNN and it's a high probability, but that's yet to be determined. You miserable, egotistical arrogance, son of a bitch. That's what I have to say to you Ralph Nader and anybody it would vote for him. Didn't we learn our lesson the first time? No. He didn't. Nader has formed an exploratory committee for a 2000 for a one city would gauge his support to the success of fundraising efforts, and the number of volunteers who come forward. I think it'll be a lot. God, good man. The consumer advocate last made a bid for the mama. We know that he won about 3% of the popular vote. In some fact, some Democrats blamed Nader, 69 for seconding off votes that might have gone to democratic candidate, Al Gore, especially in Florida, where Nader took 97,000 votes. Those crooks say they won by 527 votes. He had 97,000 votes. Clearly the overwhelming majority which would have won a go on to Gore. Meanwhile, what is responses to that? Gore beat Gore, Nader says. He didn't get to see his home state. That would have made him present. He blundered in Florida. I didn't ask for state by recount. Right. It was Gore's fault. Not the Supreme Court. Not James Baker the TUR. No. Not those chat. Tony agitators, they shipped in from outside, pounding on the courthouse during the county. But I said, but I said, wasn't that. It was Al Gore's fault. And Lee, but I didn't mention that. That would be a bad taste. Right. I would say the Democratic voters are following. If you think that a third party candidate is going to take votes away in cost of Democrats' election, you've got the power entirely within your own franchise, but you go to the voting and vote for the Democrats. He's anyone I would say? What would you say? All right. That's exactly what I'm going to do. My life and love. This is the first one to end this right. You and I. The fourth afternoon. The fourth and you. You and I. I know that the Lord even loves Neorodgers. Have it up the election officials left you, confused? Here is your guy to understand. How to cast your vote. In all beach county, Florida. Follow along with me to see just how easy it can be. Let's get started. Shall we? Joining me here in the booth is Mr. Murmell's D. Who are you voting for? I'll leave me. You, I see. Now, leave the butterfly baller. Starting with Bush K.D. in the left column. You, Cadden, Chickal, Grower, Mangala, Ikemen and Gervils in the right. Where's our leave of over there? This guy, Bullsky. Yes. Is this guy who makes my baby food? No. Now, simply, punch a hole in the 1959 Univac key punch card. Okay. Wait. Over there. Here. Use this microscope. All right. Oh, there. Is that it? Okay. Oh, no. That invalidates your vote. All right. Yeah. Punch it again. You do that again. I'll punch you. Who else would put magic? Why do you cheat? Not a ring old heave. Remember, comrades, if you want to live in Florida. Exercise your right to vote in accordance to the little brother. 1045 at 560 anyway. While a little footnote on that eight or six, his data was in Prince and yesterday for a strategy session with Green Party activist to consider the pros and cons of another race. He said his decision will be too full. Whether to run for the presidency at all and whether to run again on a Green Party ticket. Meanwhile, the party is divided on another eight or can of the sea. That's a good news. Green Party member Larry Barnett former mayor of Sonoma, California. Now, member of its city council said the party's priorities should be defeating George W. Bush. Absolutely correct. Any diversion from that even rooted in principle interferes with that goal. He said explaining why he's against another need to run. I would urge him to throw his weight behind. Whoever they democratic party puts up Barnett said. You go boy. See, said it across the show you. That some people will have learned or lessen. Let's all urge him. Let's be see. Let's see. Mad says. Will the Democrats allow heterosexual men to marry each other, so they can not have children go girls, for instance. Hmm... Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Heanne receives this. He knows how to fix this. He receives from Tampa for our second pool. It turns. Heanne receives this. He reel pain in everybody's ass. In fact, it's what we hear. It says he is the worst piece of turd they ever put on film. He does to me what what it multi-tall does for you. Well that's it. Oh geez. Don't be watching on him as movies and you'll be shmitten for hours Bill and Tampa. Thanks Bill. You could put a TV in the bathroom. Here's the I should have one in there. $195 on a pull on our first pull. What's your take on a lake worth one who got four years in prison for serving booze to miners and having sex with a 13 year old boy. Like I said 211 votes. If you got four years Michael Jackson should get 40. 58 said that. I don't think that's your main to the case but it's cute. She should only be on probation 46. Four years is way too much 29. I agree with a sentence 27. I'm not permitted with a story 27. She should have gotten more only 14. So Judge Cook, well you see I guess you know he figured he was being lenient. The sentence in guidelines 8 and a half year. Jesus Christ. Well we better do some important phone calls here because once I get into this stuff here from the inquire manager's going to be no stop and he wants to get up some big mo some momentum. Absolutely. Don't be no hold me back. WQM line one is working hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. How are you? I'm great. You had a reesh if you had another pull you know like queer guy you said is a straight guy. Right. But is Rosie to be for your ball? In a row. We'll try to squeeze her in. This is Rosie O'Donnell. Yes. She when she got that surgery like off to one side every time I think about that I'm. I'm. Okay. Thanks a lot, Palie and happy holidays too. My good post personal friends. Rosie that goes without saying. I'll have a lot of names on that list that'll be good because that'll be the one that's up for a whole weekend. And it's very negative. It's very hostile which we like even though it's the holidays were supposed to be really feeling but stop for it doesn't pay attention that. Why should we do that? We'd like to at least be consistent. Like that. That's right. Take that theory. Batman. We hate you. Scrooge you. Right. Which role best figure gives you the biggest pain in the ass. This pull will be up there right at 11 o'clock when little hand hits the big hand air is going to change. You'll see. So if you want to vote on the other one you better do it real fast post haste. Liz Taylor, Michael Jackson, Nicole Kidman, Ben Affleck, Robert Downey, Junior, J. Low, Cano Reeves and Rosie O'Donnelles are really impressive list so far. Who? Deon Sanders. Oh yeah. Neon Dion. Leave it to Josh to come up with a Jack figure. Deon Sanders. Yeah. In fact, like I said, I'm active vote for him. I'd rather see Liz Taylor 24 or seven and ever see Deon Sanders again. Man. Oh, and what did you see this? I'm is the story on tonight or was it on? What the hell was it going to be? I think it was going to be on tonight. What? About pinch use. Did you see that? No, pinch use. It's a new ethnic like a drink. You can do the story. I think it was on CBS news about marketing, marketing, ethnic hip hop, all those crap. Probably. Yeah. Timpt use. And Deon out of the idea to be the spokesman. Man, he had a dress up button and hip-out. The T-Words on the NFL today. And he ought to like drive up his yellow severe on the set. Man. He knows he said race relations back a hundred years. Neon Dion. He just makes me gag. I'd rather see Terry Bradshaw and all those other morons in there. I'd rather dive and see them again. You know, gravity said there's ass and try to be funny. Just being the usual morons. They are slapping each other on the butt. I'd rather see that for 56 straight days that ever see me on Deon stupid push on you again with that damn pimple outfit he's got on. Anyway. So like I said, I've been voting for Deon. Be a humongous list on there. Won't they? They're armoured. Don't forget the Abestineels and Joe Mark Twood Drive. You have all the merchandise out there with Joe Mark at singular wireless 1920 South University of Japan. And David knew to do the let's see if those guys can put you up a little bit. Every time we do a poll about what shows you like they do very well. Right. Which means you got a few listeners in our crowd. So if that be in the case, go out there and see him. Go out there and see him. You want to be too happy. We want you to see him. But go out there and see him anyway. And the great some cash. Let's get over to you. What are we looking for? What's our next turtle? Well, 540. 46.5. I'd be happy with you. I'm saying. I'm not assuming we'll get over 47 grand today. But whatever we get will get. How did you do? Josh, you get anything? No, I got nothing. Josh's got nothing. That's pretty. And what about yesterday between 4 and 6? How about the lovely Miguel? What did he get? He didn't tell me anything. Oh. Well, you guys are really doing it. Lacy was smothered. Front page story on the inquiry. I've avoided talking about this. And I promise you I'll never talk about it again until tragic mom to be Lacy Peterson died while she slept in her bed smothered in death with a pillow held over a face by her husband's sky. Then after driving to a warehouse where he had hidden his boat he removed Lacy's pajamas and read restaurant and tan maternity pants he'd been wearing earlier in the evening. Finally, the 31 year old fertilizer salesman. Pulltweller drawstring at the waist of the pants and strapped her thighs together with duct tape. All they tried to do left to screw in all the time. And an apparent effort to ensure that Lacy's baby would not be born before he dumped your body in San Francisco Bay. That's the shocking never before disclosed scenario of Lacy's death, presented by detectives to prosecutors and reveal prior to the very first time exclusively by this which in Quarre. This sensational information obtained from insiders close to the case will be used by prosecutors to try to answer the question mark has been asking for a year. How did Lacy die? Have anybody asked that for a year? At least. What's more? The inquarre has learned that police have seized chilling physical evidence from Peterson's bedroom, supporting their contention the cold blood of killer smothered Lacy after she'd gone to bed. Detectives also discovered a telltale pillow case was missing from the couple's bedding, possibly disposed of by the killer after becoming stained in the struggle, according to a source post to the case. Investigators became so sure of their horrifying murder scenario that we speak before. Lacy's body was discovered this past April a former family that all the evidence pointed her being killed in her sleep revealed the source. Police believe that when Scott Lacy got home December 23rd they had a fight. It was physical enough for Scott to suffer cuts and Lacy to throw up the source post to the inquarre. As reported exclusively to the last March traces of vomit and specks of blood matching Lacy's were found and I kitchen mop. Everyone said the couple had a physical fight and that Scott had mopped up the floor clean. After the confrontation police believed Lacy got on dress went to bed, not knowing that men's later her young life would be cruelly snuffed out to the close source. Imagine that beautiful young woman eight months pregnant terribly upset by the fight yet, finally it rushed to sleep and probably dreaming of the baby wore she'd soon hold in her arms. Then suddenly she's awake and fighting a losing battle for her life. The sea ravage body of Lacy and her unborn son Connor washed up and San Francisco Bay nearly four months after the pretty 2070-old vanished from her home in Medesau, California, Christmassy 2002. But the killer was unable to cover all his tracks revealed the close source when police got a search warrant for Scott and Lacy's house on February 18. It took away a lot of things from the master bedroom including a white couperter blanket fitted bottom sheet and top sheet even a ruffles and mattress cover. The detective's made a startling discovery of bloodstained that proved to be from Scott on the company on top of the bed to close the close source. And in a strange twist, a pillowcase was missing from one of the pillows in the master bedroom according to the close source, Investigators theorized that Scott got rid of it because it became stained or damaged as he held the pillow over Lacy's face. The detective also found Scott blood on a doorframe in the house and in his truck corner of the source, Incredibly only ours after his wife's disappearance along before was declared a homicide, Scott seemed to go to great pains to establish an alibi for the spilled blood the inquire was learned, As police searched the house for clues on Christmas Eve, the flandering husband struck up a conversation with Lacy's mother, With her mother's best friend, Sadie Rickard, and made a bizarre statement according to the close source, Sadie told police that out of the blue Scott said to where if they find blood anywhere that doesn't mean a thing. I'll always say that to people. Then he added something about getting cut off cut off and because he was an outdoorsman said I could drop blood anywhere. Sad's like O.J., all over again. Yeah. He just bleeds all the time. He's an outdoorsman. Robert, he drank water from a creek too. So if you find blood anywhere, it's, it ain't no fun. Sadie thought it was very strange that Scott would even be bringing up the subject of the moment when everybody else was thinking of nothing else but finding Lacy. The dead woman's 22-year-old sister Amy Rocha also helped detect his tight in the web around Scott during investigators' additional search for the house February 18. The pretty young hairdresser which had a wood Lacy while she cut her brother and all Scott's hair on December 23, was brought into see if she spotted anything unusual in a dresser in the master bedroom Amy found a black maternity blast like the one Lacy had warded the salon where she cut Scott's hair. Oddly was inside out as if somebody had pulled it off a Lacy and was scrunched up in a ball on top of other things in Lacy's underwear, a drawer revealed the source. Amy told detectives that Lacy would never put a dirty blast on top of her underwear. Then one of them found a grocery bag in a bedroom closet that contained blue pajamas that obviously had been worn. He was pretty smart, wasn't he? No. The police officers who originally searched that, and you know what, I'm thinking I'm not going to be the rest of it. It's written this week's inquired December 23. Mark Garagos, I'm just thinking this, I could be wrong, maybe it's wishful thinking on my part, but I have a feeling he's going to be old for two. So fair, Ray quiet, Linky all worked together and changed. But never crash, no but they might want to fill up, Ray I want her big butt, ow, ow, fuck him, ain't trials, no I can stay at home, and chase college tail judging from what I've seen, but choices are up seem. It's either why we leave her matter, help her and be, can I call her? I don't know, I can't get a license, but I'm taking on his chest. Please get the wits to run, so I can have some fun. Wow, me and Cha-Fuck-Wan, her and Washington, I'll hold out that T-shirt, contested my yard, and all they look, I'll look, or else they may hard, it'd be a dream come true, it'd be a major coup. Apple's Blake willy worked up Paul the Switcher rule, have a heart new, like us, found some bacon and pleating put big mouth in the white house like you. You're welcome, it's love at a clock in five sixty, WCM happy Friday to you, happy holidays, happy uh, generic whatever you're celebrating. Here's a fact, this is a but other suggestion for your pool, no crying, no time. Says I look next door to one of those when I was a kid, no booze, but lots of coos, and good for use, right? Right? 243 votes sets a final telly on pole number, one lets get it off of their right away, immediately. What's your take on the lake worth 1,000 to got 4 years in prison for serving booze to miners, and having sex with a 13 year old boy, 243 votes? If she got 4 years, Michael Jackson said he had 40. Of's a movie. 70 people said that, she said only beyond probation 57, I agree with the sentence 35, four years is way too much 33, I'm not permitted with a story 31, and she should have gotten more 17 hard-hearted bastards. Who do always holidays just wish to put everybody. Pettemolle and jail man. They're just jealous, is that what it is? Hey listen, we got here's the line up today. We got Mad Dog at 2, the Humperate 4, including the once that showed 5, that should be a hoot. You got Pantheon Pee do it 7, the Canadians at the Panthers at the Mcerweight of 7, 3rd and 9th and way to near this. Okay, I can't wait to get him to get him to get me over 9. Fox Sports Network Florida is going to weigh a double bobble head. It's a two-headed monster. A Panthers announcer's Jeff Remer and Denise Potthand is the first 5,000 kids out of the age of 14 at the night's Canadians Panthers game. You ready for that? Aren't you going to go just to get one? I want one, but I don't want to go to get one. I want one for free delivered to me. Right here. One for free? If it's free, it's me. If you poke it on one side, it says, if it's free, it's me. And if you poke it. If you poke it on the other side, it says, like, you're really, really cool. Right. So it's a remain and Denise. I'm going to pop up. They've been the team's only TV announces in the franchise. 11 year history. So says Jim Sardin is very, very bland and useless column this morning. The Sun's sudden love in juicy. Nothing is citing Zippo and very jackass didn't even write a radio TV column this morning. That's how desperate and boring it must be in South Florida after that dolphin that precipitous loss that grow test embarrassment in the wingland and the snow and the frigid at Tundra. Now comes the heavy duty stuff after we take a call or two. Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty pound five, sixty on the AT&T. Let's see. I'm voting right now. Which role business figure gives you the biggest pan in the ass? How come he's not under D on Sanders? I don't know. Or J. Low. Or somebody f up. Can't or reason under it. It's just the original five. Well, I guess you try to put a little bit too much pressure on Eric now. I don't want to say that I can't vote right away. I'm not wasting my vote. I'm voting for neon. D on baby. He gets my vote. If I could vote 100 times, I'd do it. Let's take our Michael Jackson to Cole, Kevin, Ben Affleck, Robert Downey, Jr. Those are the ones that are on there. Plus we got piano reaves, Rosy O'Donnell, J. Low, and D on Sanders. D on D on D on. Boy, he just, oh, I can't even, Where the hell is that song we got? I don't know where that. I don't know where that one. I don't know where that one. What? I don't know where that one. Must be the money. Yeah. The other one's better. What was he on his hand? I'm not in the cowboy game when I spotted this sucker who was really lame. Get knowledge cash with you. He deserves it. It's the step and second fool. Michael, Irvin, Kevin and D on. Make it. It goes for acting like I'm a stereotypical man. The media always act like he's good so much. So he says, I'm in you can kiss my friend. I'm just my violinist. That and so he's my jack. And like Brian said, you can suck my. I'll ride one of my favorites. I'm playing that in the kunze. Anyway, I'm better take call or two, but this here's the this week's latest. Now there's really not all that much new in here, but it's worth there's some new stuff, some new meat. And then of course we got that really juicy. I think in the market, the gises that they're really marketing and that's a true story about the pinchews. We have to like market Jesus dues when I changed my name officially to. But the guy's got out there. For all over the industries. Hey, here's some Jesus to. I mean, it's the same thing as the Catholic Church with the wafer. Right? Right on. Only taste to hell a lot better. And we'll just surprise him a little bit. I hope a bunch of lots of tall in there. Yeah. Well, we can market the wafer under the name Christcracker. And it can go with the Jesus. Right. And we're in big print right on the cable say. Make a sh**. Yeah, better mama by a whole bunch of that. WQA line one is working. Hello. We've got a shot. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. WQA hello. Not there, damn. WQA. Yes. Whitney. I wish you would go away Houston. Good one. Or maybe if maybe if Bobby has his way, maybe can make that happen. Thank you sir. Whitney freaking Houston. Good choice. This is going to be a long list, you know what? Good. But we have do we have the otherwise. I don't need a whole bunch more on there. I just need the on on there. So I can vote God. Damn. There he is. Is he on there? Freaking the on Sanders. There he is. He got my vote right now. I was definitely going to vote for this Taylor. One thing I cannot. I really do mean this. I can't stand fact. I can't stand him. You. I mean, they make me sick. But they make me want to throw up. They want you. I. Yeah. She just makes me gag. Lies Taylor. Just getting fatter and grosser and sloppyer and nastyer and drunker. Oh brother. And you know, it's how she was kind of laughing right after the arrest there. Like she had no comment. Then over the weekend, they must have gotten to her. Who did that guy just said she. What? Who did that guy just say? Whitney Houston. Oh. You better get with it, Mr. Whitney Houston. It's just got another good beaten from Bobby Brown. Oh, right. You have to be. Right. Bitch. Anyway, I'm not going to start. Well, I'll take your couple. WQA. Hello. I'm going to go please. Yes sir, speaking. I'm going to go. I worry sir. Great. How are you doing? Very good sir. What's the. What's the. What's the. What's the. What's the. Why. I don't have one which show business. Figure gives you the biggest pain in the ass. Whitney and a big thigh with me and. And a little bit. You're absolutely correct. Okay. Thank you. We're already on there. I'm happy. Well, he just. You just. He had a desire to reach out and touch me. You know what I mean? Like what. I just. Can I do what we're doing? That's the second poll. That's the one for the rest of the day in the weekend. And it's going to have like a zillion names on it. But first. Victim held hostage at Neverland. Oh. I'm not going to read that part of it first. It does like a three part story. Okay. Singer bought passports for victims' families, say sources. The incredible reveal last week that according to sources, Michael Jackson offered his alleged molestation victim and his family a one-way trip to South America to get them out of the way. Now sources say that Jackson went so far as to get them all passports. Jackson made the offer back in March just after the Martin Vesier TV documentary aired, and the scandal was mushrooming over Michael's boy in his bedroom or her relations, said a source for the family. Do you think it's your main to the case? No. Michael offered the boy in his family and all expenses paid trip to South America, Brazil and Argentina were mentioned, but according to the boy's family it was a one-way ticket. Michael let the no the message was clear, don't come back. Michael offered to pay their air affairs accommodations on medical bills. He promised his support them for the rest of their lives. You'll love it down there, he told them. The family feels he wanted them out of the way to shut them up. He got them all passports, it was done fast, and he handed them over to the mother the boy his oldest sister and younger brother, they still have them. An insider disclosed police officials believe Jackson hired Beverly Hills private investigator Brad Miller to help to get the family of passports. The day that 70 officers served a search warrant at Jackson's Neverland residence, another warrant was being served at Miller's Beverly Hills office. Investigators seized videos, papers, and computer hard drives. There were also looking for information regarding the fanboys passports. And, Jack O'Skeam to stop boy and family from seeing his creepy TV show of say sources. I love the way the inquiry inquires, say sources like in Little Tiny Print. Yeah. Michael Jackson hit the Martin Bashir documentary from his life's molestation victim and his family by whisking them off on a private jet and making sure they were nowhere near a TV on the day at air its sources say. And what sources believe was an attempt to keep the then 13 year old boy in his family of the dark about the disturbing onscreen interplay between Jackson and the youngster, the singer sent him on a floor to vacation, Florida got it. Got it. The day before the BBC show aired on ABC's 2020 late, Alas. February. In the documentary the boy is shown holding hands with Jackson resting his head on the star shoulder and Jackson confirms that both the victim and his younger brother and eyewitness to the alleged molestation slept in his bedroom. I think Michael felt the family would be distressed to the point of seeking legal action so he devises his own blackouts of the source posted investigation. The day before the show aired Michael threw the family down to my name as private jet and put them up in a forced or hotel but cops believe he made sure a security teen kept them away from TV and newspapers. And to keep the victim as preoccupied as possible Michael had one of the boy's favorite actors accompanying him. Then thereafter David the victim and his family told police that rush hour coaster Chris Tucker and his wife joined the boy and his family on the flight. Oh Chris. Police believe Jackson's people asked Tucker to accompany them to my meet-up put their minds at ease. The boy actually first met Tucker back in 2000 while he was receiving chemotherapy and they were introduced by that comedy club owner Jamie Masada who runs a comedy camp for underprivileged kids. Boy he sure screwed his soul. Masada told the inquire the boy was in a hospital in too much pain even to eat. I told him he's got to eat to live what can I do for you in a whole world to make you wheat. And the boy said I'd like to see Chris Tucker in my room and I'd like to meet Adam Sandler and I'd like to go to Neverland to meet Michael Jackson. What no pony? Masada managed to make all three dreams come true for the boy who still can recover from cancer but reportedly needs a new kidney. Added Masada perhaps the only good thing to come out of this whole sorry message that a boy who was once given 14 to eat to live is still alive. And that's not even the meat of the story yet. We'll get to that. Really? Yeah, didn't there not a whole lot of new stuff? And they're like I said, Vic and held hostage in Neverland. We had that last week's story. But for anybody who missed it plus a little bit more, can never like stick it in there and twist it too much in the case of this son of a bitch pedophile piece of crap freak. Which obit figure gives you the biggest pain in the arse? Okay. We got some votes on there already and I'm sure they're waiting for their favorite right before they vote. 57 votes. Look at that. He got Sanders 12. Oh man. There is a God. Michael's action 12 rose. Yodana 12. J. Low eight. Ben Affleck five. Let's tailor three. Nicole Kidman appear. Robert Downey, Jr. He's got a small pair. Can't a Reese got one. Who don't have any pair? Wouldn't he used to dance he graced on heaven? He didn't even realize dancing grace was on there. But they haven't brought the facts. Excellent choice. Out freaking standing. Why haven't one? The facts. I just said it to you. I just grabbed her right now. She's no movie star. I want to read not asking for movie stars. Showbiz figures. She certainly a showbiz. But yeah. Show no. He's no movie star. Only at the disgusting obnoxious bitch. Nancy Grace doesn't that bitch ever go home. No captain Richie never goes home. She's always on the set. She's always like screw in. She's always set on it. I'm here. Sports where you'll find you. You a M. Are they exploding balls? It's called spin. I'm shutting down my amusement park. Yeah. I'm in my bedroom. I'm gonna throw this on my seat but I'll... You try to scream. Thoughts take a look at me and you'll understand. Yeah. You only dance. I can't dance much or two go to your neverland. Your final lives. I'm on my bed now. I'm on my bed now. And you know what we say. But you're the man of the bed now. I'm on my bed now. I'm on my bed now. I feel really invoked right. I'm on my left now. I'll get you to do. 11th and Josh and kiss. I'll tell you how come I'm not in sync on as long George. It's a lot of work. I usually do as an act for God about he passes to me back where it all the time. Yeah. He does that to keep me up balance. So the spot that I didn't do in the last break. I'll do the next one in the 10 o'clock hour will be the one to clock hours for my spots. God, who's that? Who's that? Who else cares? Anybody keep in track? Oh, just pass the money. Okay. All you spots is out there. Just send us the money. A QM that's her model. And if your spots don't get on too bad, we still want the money. I get him back to Michael. See, it's true. I'm awful little bit. I'll never recover from that. That was intentional. T. He. But George won't be there next week. I'll be here. He's never figured about the time he comes back. I'll forget. But guess what? By the time he comes back, I'll be gone. Here's one. This is good. Although I do like that movie. A beautiful mind. But this is. Oh, he's a good actor. Just a good actor. But he's a major asshole. Russell Crowe. The Crow man. Marty and Miami says Russell Crowe is an ass. I went up to one time and coca in a girl. Maybe six months ago. He asked for his autograph. He said I'm busy. And. And that doesn't go hand in hand, mate. Or something like that. I'm not the rude and what he wrote. I stood there in Oz. He walked away with the parent bodyguard, laughing and cracking jokes. He said you're a spartzer. I'm not reading the end word. Why? Why? I guess you don't like him. Marty, let's get Russell Crowe on there right away. Rosie O'Donnell has moved away into the lead. How do you like that with 19? She's. She's tipi-toed into lead. Can you see her tipi-toe? Oh God. No. She's got 19. If I can ask him, can you see an adult elephant tipi-toe and through the Chinese shop? I don't think so. Michael Jackson 18, the on-sadder 16, J. L. or 12. Everybody else in the single digits. Although Nancy Grace's got five. She'll move up there. But. Bitch. God. She just. I just see her and I get angry. I don't want something like an angry old man, but you know what? Sometimes when I see certain people, I feel like an angry old man. Anyway. Vickham held hostage at Neverland. Michael Jackson held his Les Malestation Victim in his family hostage at his Neverland Ranch. Exclamation point. A 50. Plus page after David to be unsealed in Jackson's January 9th agreement claims that the Cancer Strict and Boyne is worried mother weren't allowed to leave Neverland. Never. And the hostage situation culminated in the mom's dramatic late night plea to a sympathetic Jackson employee we need to get out of here followed by an escape. The mother's insisted to officials that she and her children were held hostage for several days in Neverland. Sometime after February's airing of Martin Bashir's documentary in which Jackson and the victim spoke about sharing the singer's bedroom according to a search post to the case. The family maintains they were held against their will. It was an odd situation to begin with. The mother staying at another house on the property and the victim and his brother sleeping in Michael's bedroom. When the mother grew suspicious of Michael's client destin activities with a role to son. Tensions came to a flashpoint. The affidavit states that the mother was especially distressed when she was called Michael had been serving wine and a soda can to her gravely ill son. In the affidavit the boy says Michael called the drink Jesus Jews said the close source. Yeah. Maybe they misunderstood. Maybe they're going to say Jesus are you on ads use again? Jesus Christ. The mother claims to the affidavit the family wasn't allowed to leave the property without an escort name where father closely by Neverland employees throughout the day while on the property. It's apparent that she believed it was a hostage situation. And it got to the poor were reached to crisis level. An insider disclosed after the mother was told by her son that Michael by giving him wine to drink she blew her stack. She had angry words with Michael. Ultimately, she decided the family needed to leave but the mother told investigators. Michael wouldn't let her leave. He told her in the children you cannot leave here. He may have been afraid they might say damaging things about him. According to the mother they were prisoners on Jackson's vast estate. Exclamation point. Doors were locked. And security was warned not to let them go. Finally, after Levin O'clock one night the panic mother approached and Everland House manager and said, we need to get out of here the close source reveals. The House manager agreed to help the mother and her children drop the 2700 acre range. The manager said he needed to speak to someone in his security detail first. If we turn to a few minutes later and struck the mother, get her children there along together quickly. As soon as this was done the manager loaded the family into a vehicle and drove the 100 miles to their home and L.A. himself. From the mother's claims in the afternoon you get the impression was similar to a prison break. Since the incident the House manager who helped the family flee the ranch as part of the ways with Michael Jackson never land chief. He's also, I can't imagine why. He's also been interviewed by investigators and his cooperating with them. If they could amass enough evidence it's possible police officials could charge Jackson other members of his organization with the legal detention. Another one saw to resuscitate with the investigation told the inquiry as part of the child molestation case against Jackson. They sent a barbaristic attorney will show that he waged in a labored campaign behind the scenes against the alleged victim and his family. They believe evidence will show that Jackson knew he was guilty and took action showing that guilt. He didn't even have to conduct investigation like Arnold. They believe he literally kept the family hostage and never land this will come back to automatically inside of it. It's really sad the boy and his family went in with love and came out with fury. Now here's even though this is the last paragraph of this story. It wasn't until about three and a half months ago that the boy was interviewed by police and told him his whole story. And some of those talking heads on there a couple of nights ago trying to say, Well you know the LAPD was involved in that first investigation in February with the children's whatever that children's agency California was and they were not coming to find out. They just made that up. So there you go. There's the latest on Michael Michael motorcycle. 560 pound 560 on a 1810 Verizon Marvel slime which hope is figure gives you the biggest pain in the ass. We also got the latest on your friend Rush the pill pop in one my buddy your close personal pie. On WQAM. Hi Neil how are you? I'm doing good. Well my my little two-cent years for someone who I used to love and adore but who has since become such a a Relid well he's always been a religious not but no Gibson is not to be the biggest pain in the ass. Yeah. This whole Jesus movie that he did. I mean that's that's enough. That's taken it just a little too far. And and you'll be this major knowing in fact I have this story here somewhere way down in my pile which I was hoping not to get to it. That they've Vatican that there are three three different groups in the side of Vatican who saw the movie and they just loved it. Of course they did it when they know about their you know their whole enchilada there. Right. Let me tell you something about Miss Nancy Grace. Tell me something about that bitch. I was watching during the death Friedman trial because it happened to be friends with death and I knew of course of Renaissance I knew the whole story. When I was watching her and she was so smug and so. You know demeaning she when that whole thinking that we're that was supposedly in the hot tub with the boy at night. One o'clock in the morning. Miss Nancy Grace in that bitchy southern draw says and a quote. I bet it wasn't. The analyst and she was given him a not hot tub. Right. Can you. Can you. Can you. Hey man. Hey man. She does her take care of the air. You can give that big two stars and a two snap and a circle for me. Oh right. Excellent. Nice job sweetheart. I love you. See you. There'll be a lot of line to kick that bitch and he has to tell that Nancy Grace. Okay. And then he's in a big passion. Not passions with an S. Mel Gibson just got three thumbs up for his cowboy boy. I sure it's going to go a ton of the thing today. But when you'll see today. Yeah. Just like that. Mel Gibson just got three thumbs up for his controversial movie. The passion of the Christ from a Trinity of Parval groups in the Vatican. His producer showed it to the Secretary of State. The Pontifical Council for Social Communications and a congregation for the doctrine of the Faith last weekend. It was a religious experience. It says America's Zeenah.org which covers the Pope. Asked one of the moviegoers. Theologian priest Augustine De Noya about reports that the flick is anti-Semitic. Let me answer you. Plainley. He said there's absolutely nothing anti-Semitic. Rantide Jewish about Mel Gibson's film. On Tuesday, Andy DeFirmation League had Abraham Fossman told Hollywood Reporter, I don't know if the Vatican is the best to judge and how it's going to impact the Jews. Oh, they don't master of understanding what that he is. Mel Gibson, another religious freak man, and she said, when in doubt, toss him out. Ascle. Michael Jackson, 27, which Joe Biz figure gives you the biggest pain in the ass. Now you know what's how he went up on those reading that story. Right. 27 for Michael, Rosie O'Donnell, 25. Deon Sanders, he's in the hunt as they say he's got 20. J. L. 14, Nancy Grace, that disgusting obnoxious bitch seven, then F. 5 list Taylor 5 went to Houston for Robert Downey Junior 3, Nicole Kidman 3, can't reach to none yet. For Russell Crowe, and I'm so delighted to see that you sneak that name in here while I wasn't even looking. Bye bye bye! Justin Tinkerbell. Man. Float's like a butterfly and things like a queen bee. Which I could change my vote. Now Bill says, why no mention there's John Cretchen today. Well, what does that mean? There. There. Today he's done. He's out. He's finished. Paul Martins a new, who had the hunt. Well, what does that mean? I was hoping you could explain. What do you want, Jill? John Cretchen, and all say is, hey, at least he was on the bush, written beginning. He knew he was a moron. Let's say it says, just in Tinkerbell, sorry, but Brittany makes me sick already. What is this mean? Do I am I supposed to know what this means? I don't know. I just got the Justin from it. Okay. Let's see. Use another one says, oh yeah, he's a big enough celebrity. This is a good one. I like it a lot. Bill Mar, M.A.H.E.R. He's me a huge pain in the ass. I can't stand his smug on funny persona. He fancies himself some kind of king political satirist, but everything I've ever heard come out of his mouth is a economic garbage, a so called libertarian who voted for Naderwin 2000, and is they called anculture a Kindred spirit. I can't stand him. I might change my hope. Bill Mar. When you ride with alone, you ride with a sauna. Oh, brother. Get rid of him. And his post personal buddy with a suspenders. Uh huh. That one too. See, Larry always helps to put obnoxious people into the limelight. First it was little Ross P. Row. And then Bill Mar. That's another one. It's good buddies. Gravitates, Trots come bags. 27 past 11 at 5 60 WQM. Everybody in their brothers on the low carb diet. That's all they talk about. Now when they talk about fat people, low carb diets. Because this is a rage all over the world. The only problem you'll discover if you try low carb diet is that it gets really monotonous and boring unless. Unless you make a visit to the lines of West Boca because here's a stir that'll give you what you want for ready. Something with some taste to it. Something different. You saw the same old boring stuff. The lights has got over a thousand low carb products. So in this one great story. They got bridge and bagels. Muffins and cheesecake's brownies chopped with pasta. Sausages, chips and dips, soups, ketchups. That world flaming carbon light ice cream. And lots more too like the slim carb fudgies. For fudge brownies or chocolate raspberry cookies. Carbslam bites make a great snack. No laksit of effect. I'm so delighted to hear that. I'm delighted. La Nuba Jan, 7 gourmet flavors viewed a jam on it. No, with one of the good things it delights is the people in the store. No all about this stuff. So if you have a sensitive stomach like some of the rest of us. And don't want to spend like a third of the day. A third of the day on the can. It's still plenty of which products are safe for you. And there are a lot of them. Southern Delight chocolate chip cookies. Wall nut brownies by control carbon lots more. And don't forget it delights the West Boca. You can try everything in a product every day before you bite. It's not a bad idea. If you're a little worried about whether it's going to affect your system. Try one of the products in the store. Walk around for about a half an hour and then. If you're not making a mad rush for the tea room, you know what to say. Delights also has the adkins products on sale all day every day. They're open seven days a week from 10 to 10. And you find the lights on the Northeast corner of Glades in 441. Right next to Boston Market. Call them toll free 1 877 low carb. LOW WCARB on the web it's low carb.com. Delights watch book that your official adkins retail centers. You can roll. This is for 20 likes. You a m. I've heard there is no Christmas in the silly middle east. No. No sad and so close they have different religious beliefs. They believe in move homin and not in our holiday. And so every December I go to the middle east. Ah. Hey there mister muslims. Mary fucking Christmas. Put down that book the car in and hear some holiday wishes. In case you haven't noticed, this Jesus is partite. So get off here he then muslim hasn't fucking sell up right. There is no holiday season in the I've heard. They don't hang out there stockings and that is just absurd. They never read a Christmas story. They don't know what rude office of the house. And that is why in December I'll go to India and now. Hi there mister. Hindu is married. In Christmas, three-cake non-annoying some beef and passage. You don't have to. Yeah. They can't do having notice. This Jesus has partite. So get off your heave and him do have. Fucking sell up right. Now I heard that in Japan everyone just lives in San. They pray to San Boogads and put needles in their skin. On December 20th, all they do is eat a cake. And that is why I go to Japan and walk around and... You turned. Hi there mister. Shenzang. Let's bury. Can Christmas. God is gonna shake your ass. You get the Deli. Hey can's come. Hey, Kasey. Haven't noticed. They're best. Thanks to you. So let's all rejoice for Jesus. Merry Christmas to you. On Christmas day, I travel around the world and say... Now it's Christmas, but it's not you. A-B-S-T-O! Merry! Can't praise my S-T-O! Yes! 1134, 26 till noon. Don't forget now. Less than a half an hour away from the biggest appearance of the century. Isn't it? Right, so far. Joe and Mark... Are gonna be at Singular Wireless, noon to two at 1920s. I've the University Drive in Davy. Bring some toys by for the Joe and Mark toy drive and bring some cash. And pick up our best meal CD or that world famous, Mohara David. Give me money. Keep changing. All the proceeds from our stuff go to a band and pair rescue. noon to two today. And now I want to give a big sendoff because hopefully it'll raise more than 20 bucks. Which they generally do. They're usually good for about 20. Oh, baby, they'll be good for... God turn them! Jim, who continues getting a little bit too verbose on his facts. He's got about 40 words on here. That's the usual too. Jack Deckleson says, just an annoying thing. Now we'll put him on there just to humor. You want to think he's gonna get many votes. No, that would be that field. No, well, well, well I've been getting any field. What's annoying about him? I do, I will confess when I see him at the laker games, when I always have to show him there. I just... I don't know, it just bugs me. But... I like Jack Newell's in a line. Yeah. But then also Jim says, well, I certainly like to have his exes or anybody on his anybody that he's banging and my jealous or what the answer Jim is. Very jealous. Now this fact you sent me this is a barn burner man. Yeah. This goes on nearly forever and unfortunately for us in Iraqis and I hope he's listening on the internet right now. The part about Bush is so sad. It's just, oh, makes my him or its quiver. He says on a recent trip to Fort Laudernale, you show us recommended me by several acquaintances since I was a visitor to the area I live in Denver. I took a chance to took the recommendations from the locals without reservations. I don't know whether or not it's a good thing, but it took just a few minutes of listening for me to get hooked. Unfortunately, I'm not able to listen to you show us often by the internet as I'd like to, but I try to listen whenever possible. Hopefully you're listening to the day, Russ. Whenever I do listen to know it's always a delayed recorded broadcast from either the same day or the day before, that's not right. What does he mean by that? I don't know. It's not a delayed recorded broadcast, Jim. The recorded shows aren't you able to listen to, but I'm never for the chance to participate in any polls or voice by opinion on a current topic. Why would that be? He must have a well. Your views on most issues are strongly agreed with, however, there are those issues which we don't agree on. As a matter of fact, we are at extreme opposite ends of the spectrum when it comes to Bush. And the ways in part of this is he's talking about President Bush, not what you might think. Although he may indeed not be the brightest most qualified, most experienced, most popular, even the best-looking candidate to ever assume the role as president. You are missing the single most tangible asset of his being an office. With Bush an office, the candidate favored of the people, such as Hillary the Ruggler King Lesbian, Oprah the open orifice talk show host, Barbara the bitstryson and Jesse the racist Jackson sitting it out. I realize it's not much of a consolation prize, but stripping away some of the powers of these other more dangerous people seems like a pretty good trade-off in the long run. Right, all of those lives that were losing over dinner, I rang all the friends around the world I were losing, the fact that the world hates America like Poison, now more than maybe ever before. That's well worth an addition of which I didn't realize that Hillary was on a ballot in 2000. I didn't realize that Oprah was on a ballot or Barbara Streisand, or even Jesse Jackson. And it was a world that would have done the same thing attack and I rack. Right. So I mean you talk about really reaching desperately to try to rationalize the fact that we've got this moron sitting in a White House right now, who stole the election, right in broad daylight. But anyway, he goes on to say, I apologize for bringing up the past, but Montreal candidate doesn't have the other of this people in a single city, and now he's getting right. I think he's got a good point. London England gets those honors, so I think you are- That's the only good looking people in all of London our visitors. If you have any doubt, take a good look at the Royal Family. If this is the best this country has to offer them, think about how ugly they're really ugly once. Trust me what I tell you Russ that scene plenty of men answered him, and oh man, they make the people in Montreal look like confession models. It says, how my golden retriever's got better bloodlines than that family. She has a straiter and wider teeth than any of them. I've actually seen alligators with better looking teeth at most Brits, so Neil, they're listeners who it sounds like many have never made outside the confines of their trailer parks and their rowhouses. There is life outside of Florida. It may be ugly life like London Montreal, but there is life. Also those assholes who call up and interrogate you on a year, kind of remind them they're several rapid other low-life radio stations out there for their kind. If the issues you deal with are too complicated for them to understand, they can always pack their trailers and go to Montreal, Canada, then not only will Montreal have the grotesque ugly people, I have stupid people as well. I enjoy your show. Russ and Iraq uses very verbose, but they long, amazing all over the place facts. Thank you Russ, kill some good time. Sure, what up? How's that pool coming? We've got a whole lot more names to add, just be patient, got a long way to go. Although just like the last two days, man, this thing is just zip and write along, you know? Showed up. Don't ask me why. We're done. We're rolling it. Anyway, 150 free votes on our second pool, which hope is this figure gives you the biggest pain in the ass? Michael Jackson 36, Rosio Donald has got... Fuck, turn the man! On Sanders 23, you know, I went... and thanks for reminding me that Josh too, because I would have not remembered. But when I mentioned that, I thought, well, they're gonna get like three or four, you know? 23, so I'm not the only one who finds him just obnoxious and disgusting, and one of the ugliest stereotypes. Every black person in America should demand that he be off the remaining leave not sooner. Drive as peace of crap. J.08, T.N.N.C. Grace 11, double digits for N.T. Let's hear it. Bitch. Uh, Whitney Houston 9, then I fluck eight, Liz Taylor 6, D.M.R. 3, Nicole Kibben 3, Robert Downey Jr.s got three. Canary's has got a pair. Russell Crow 1, Justin Tikrobeau's got one. Dennis Miller's got one. Oh, I forgot about him. Jack Nicholson 1 and Mel Gibson so far has got the big... Oh, but he'll get there. My and local year sports video 5, 62 and 2 a.m. You and I went to the bar. We drank some whiskey from the jar. We got drunk all over town. Then I am jet to go down you gulp, did. Like a master but soon there. Was disaster the food share went down easy. Now you say in your crazy. It felt good just like it should but then it's done. Cause you would drunk, you still got guts. You can only nuts. There's drunk in horse really whack. I look down to see her less neck head come right back. You can only sack. I thought I could get a decent homer. But dinner on my boner is a bomber. And now my lap is full of crap cause my monster tickled your tonsil spill your guts. You can only not. I was hoping for a decent B.J. But now I am wearing Chinese buffet. All my mows were getting louder. Now my lap looks like crme chouder nasty sludge. But the f***! You can only curse. I should have held back my frost. You will have to relax. Now my love has turned to his scum. You can only nuts. Jump in all your munch. You can only nuts. 145 and how could we have forgotten. Thank you so much whoever f***s this in. O'Jepham Lake Worth. Anne Colbert. You bitch. You slacked your horse. Number one asshole in the universe. There you go. I won't see her that much anymore. Thank the Lord. Maybe cause the holidays that try to be nice. It was. Let's hug. In her ass on there right away. The onges have not just skank and colder. There's another fact that's just how about Ellen D. Generate. With her crappy talk show on at estrogen. I mean oxygen channel. I hate that bitch. It said good point. She's on there. She makes me nauseous. Anne. I'll also have to forgotten. Pressions. I got that big story coming up in the next hour. Rush Limbaugh. Is he qualified for the pole? Yeah. That's just sweet acid. This is called votes already. Are we all ready on it? Yeah. We're working to help him move it up there fast. He just like yesterday. We got to give him a handy grant. He's got several. No. Yeah. Your aunt is going to have lots of handy crab. Pretty soon. That's why he lost all of that weight. When you start popping him. And of course you can't hear a guy damn thing. You can't even hear the splash it makes you want to hit the bull. But my mom said she'll volunteer to come to the house to listen to the door. She's just jealous. Edn for Lauderdale said Dennis Miller has to be the biggest tent in the ass. We just got him on her. Thank you, Ed. Now what are we going to do about this guy who wants to donate the dolphin tickets? Oh, I don't know. Explain to him that we don't do that. We don't. I don't know. We just don't have time. It's for the ego game on Monday night. Right. That's a big deal. And he wants to donate the two really great seats to the dolphin equal game in a stadium on Monday for Band of Pairscu for us to auction off on a year. We appreciate it. But it's a big nightmare. Payed in the ass. Okay. Thanks, anyway. Dennis. We appreciate it. I'm not saying that. I'm thinking about. And we're going to do a couple of days. That's right. Give him the 70 for the holidays, and then they can go watch the Eagles Christ it all for some Monday. Now this will pacify Bill at road before Haka Ma wasn't talking about Jean Critsch in. But probably mainly Bill because even while I'm sitting in Toronto, we don't do a Canadian talk Showay. Although, in case Casper Nova's listening, I'm sure he is taking notes. Whether today it's minus two, it's sunny in the 20 a little murky actually. That was sunny earlier. Little murky in 20. It could be. We always going to be today for a high. Yeah. 20 a tomorrow. Sunday. It's going to be. And Monday. Sunday. So at least we're consistent. Not bad. For just 10 a.m. It was a little snow on the ground this morning. But it's all gone. It's all gone. Damn it. How can you get in the spirit of Chris, Miss Nginuke and these things are new years with that little snow on the ground? Yeah. Like we get here for. And yeah. Right. That's why nobody wants to be there. This time of the year unless they absolutely have to be. I mean, they want to be. So let's go to the day. No. I just want to see. That's a lot of snow on the ground like water town Buffalo places like that. Candidate and other scooters from Iraq business. This will make Bill happier. U.S. president George W. Bush's grateful for helping to wear on terrorism and is working to a working. To include candidate and have to contrast to help rebuild her. And as fair while phone call to be tearing premise to Jean Cretjian. He thanked me for what we're doing in Afghanistan. And for the offer of money and the reconstructive Iraq. Rachel to the news conference yesterday as for the news in the newspaper stating that Candida would be excluded from economic activities. activities the President assured me this was not the case and that he'd be taking action Christians said so I thanked him were still good friends. Me and that moron were still good friends. The US announced this wait that countries which did not support the US-led war in Iraq last spring including Canada would not be allowed to bid on reconstruction contracts worth $18 billion. But Christians said Bush called yesterday was basically telling me not to worry. The Prime Minister who retires today received a call before A.A.A. yesterday the President said that the President's exact words on the issue were we are working to rectify the situation that Christians spoke to him and Steve in a hole. Probably Kim do a Ben Wall-Hogue. Bush's comments to Christians seem to fly in the face of what he was saying at home. In other words he's getting more like Christians talking out of both sides of his mouth. Now I take that back, Christian only talks out of one side of his mouth. He told reporters in Washington Bush did on Thursday that countries which sent troops to Iraq should share an e-murcan finance reconstruction projects while other nations are shut out. What is our Guinness? What I'm saying is in fact the Bush will be in the Guinness Booker Records. What I'm saying is the expenditure of the taxpayers' money the US people the taxpayers understand why make sense are countries that risk lives to participate in the contracts in Iraq. It's very simple. Our people risk their lives from the coalition folks risk their lives and therefore the contractions are going to reflect that. Presidential spokesman Scott McClubley said will be glad to discuss the issue with you when asked about Canada's status. The upcoming Prime Minister Paul Martin said today that he couldn't fathom the US move to shut it to northern neighbor, especially if Canada's put nearly $300 million for Iraq reconstruction. Canadian troops in Afghanistan are also carrying a very, very heavy load in the war on terrorism in Afghanistan. Martin said he said he'd raised them out of the US ambassador. Deputy Prime Minister John Manley suggested Canada to make cut aid to a rack and respond to the US snub. President Bush talked about ten minutes yesterday. Bush congratulated the credit card on your very, very distinguished and honorable career. Cretion was very moved. The Prime Minister said to Bush, you know we've had a few disagreements in the path of relations between our two countries have never been better. The chat was described as very warm and cordial. The two leaders have never formed a kind of bondcretion enjoyed with former US President Bill Clinton. There was an infamous incident just over a year ago when former Cretion Press aide Francois DuCro called Bush a moron. He lost your job after Cretion's attempted to tender widely mocked in the US media and they squeezed around. And I guess they're forgetting that also was Cretion himself shortly after Bush took off as he said. Basically the same thing. A mole of saluting. Ron. Well here's some good news. You'll be pleased about that you'll feel safer here in this. Okay. A driver in his passion, you're crashed through the gates of the Florida Governor's Mansion and it just stole an car from nearby Parkan. Law doesn't appear. They were targeting Governor Jeb Bush, where his family authorities said Thursday. They just were van Moosen. Bush, the president's brother, wasn't the home but his wife Colombo that smuggler was in was when the car smashed through their homes gate Wednesday night and crashed out under another street behind the mansion. Card didn't hit the mansion, nobody was injured. The car they zoomed right through the Northgate when right off the Southgate later were caught for the carbine stolen. I guess where so much surprised that they gave the community they went through is the Governor's Mansion. They thought it was like a condo complex, you know. Ha ha ha. It just went zippin' on through. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, don't forget, no one got the latest on Rush. Yeah. I like the headline there and inquire of this week. Police web closing in on Rush to which we say, a rat. Fry his freaking ass. Okay. Hip-Hit, Tava Crap, lethal, heavy-alone. I met you to pull the swish. Guess I would. WDQAM hello. Okay, I love to save some. WDQAM hello. New George, how are they going, you guys? Okay, sir. I got two people actually could count them as one for your pull. Nick and Jessica. I mean, I mean, I'm going to start from the Northgate. I can't separate them, they're joined into hip. Pretty much. I mean, I start from looking at a raccoz there, it's about all the yoni use she has from me on TV. And I want her to give you the heads up. More gives a good head. Okay, thanks. Absolutely. We can't put them on the other way, as we've got to put Jessica Simpson. Don't be picking on my buddy Nick. Okay. Jessica Simpson, be okay, right? She's been in the ass. You think it's an act because you'll matter. She sat there right across. We were right in that room. No, it's not a nap. Ha ha ha. But those boobs are an act. The boobs are fake, but the stupidities for real. Dumb button. When I put the expression dub-blind on the dictionary, they had her puts right next to it. 560560, pound five 60, auto, AT&T and Verizon wireless line, Joe and Marc who are known Nick and Jessica, but John Mark are just standing by over there at Singular Wireless 19, 20, South University Drive and David waiting for the onslaught during this holiday season the people are going to be unloading their wallets for a band-in-pair rescue and bringing shmit loads of toys for their toy drive. Don't you think? Absolutely. I think today might be the delineating moment in their careers, to the finding moment in their lives. WDQAM. Hello? Yes sir. Yeah, and now that we've been reverend John, Zinoa Seat, when you're in the barrel and the beginning of Reverend Jones, it's always a pretty good giveaway, okay? But we do want to remind you of one thing for the holidays, okay? You're gay. And here's an eye, here's a bonus point, I know it's a charge, they still hate you with the track. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line, which hope is this figure gives you the biggest pain in the ass. That's our poll question that we got in a very prestigious list. Michael Jackson 45, Rosie 39, the on Sanders 28, nice going beyond. J. Lowe 21, Nancy Grace 11, Whitney Houston's got 10. Rush Limbaugh 9, you're right, he's crawling up there, Bill Mar8, also a fast move. Then F-8, Liz Taylor 6, Dennis Miller 4, Robert Downey, Junior 4, Justin's thinkerbell 3, Nicole Kidman 3, Kenna Reeves 2, and Codor 1, Mel Gibson 1, Russell Crow 1, Jack Nicholson 1, that guy. Ellen D. Gen. Oprah, one free inductor, Phil, how could we forget about Dr. Phil, but so far the three of them have got the big gun. That's not yet. W-Q-A-M? Yeah, I thought it was a nail. Speaking. Deal. Yes sir. Let's go on on. I'm trying on the poll today. Go right ahead. I'm sure that George and all those other generals are going to disagree, but I am sick of parents, Bill. What would I ask you to agree with that? I don't know, because you probably, you guys probably like her. Why are you saying that? Why would you prefer her? She's not hot. She's a high-roast. This George, I'm glad you agreed. He's a sage. Screas, bitch, how often have you heard me? No, I don't know. I'm a little bit like her. No one. That attitude, otherwise she's great. He and your big- My fault is breaker, Chin, when I put it in. You'll be pleased to know that I got a really negative story about her in this week's inquiry. You inspired me to get into a text a lot of calling. Can I add one more thing now? Yes sir. This is like a sports station, right? I've got all its school. Locally, that is doing really, really good lately with an old crotch, the old coach. And you can't even get any airtime. Everybody wants to talk about, you know, Chase Feibler's bum knee and, you know, it doesn't matter what you mean how harsh my horse belly bird were you talking about? Could be as candid himself. You're right. Here we are, you're gonna good job, Neil. I love you man. Thanks, pal. I have a great day. Paris Hilton bust up childhood sweetheart's engagement. Right? We're almost in the center. And anybody thinks she's hot, man needs some serious help. Right? I don't care what your proclivities are. She's about as hot as two pounds of olive wine to freezer. And not a nice person. I mean, she's got no breast at all. None. Zero. Unless they're inies. She had no breath. They're co-need. They're like snow cones. She weighs about 45 pounds so can wet. She's got a shnaz man. It looks like it's been trapped in a vice for ass owes points. Her ass is like, like I said in any, it's like coming up with front side. And he's just a piece of craft. So big deal. So they got to taper her bangin' at rich Solomon. I'll say it again, even though you want to greet, because you don't want to ruin your image. He's a hell of a lot better looking than she is. There's a lot prettier than she is. I'll see if I can tell. He would waste his time with that pitch. Unless except maybe the fact your name was Hilton. So here's another great story we got from the Suits and Crack. Thanks for your inspiration, pal. My life. And love all this is for 205. City. You weigh your new man. Hello. One moment, please. Hey, how long are you saying hello to me for? What has been? Hello to Josh. Yeah, I think we should just continue. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh. Okay. Let's just continue and pretend that we had to rejoin here. It's this mark. Morgan is the 12-to-one hour on Q-8-M. Rushie can give you a me. What the I have a little for you. Catch a thick journey of me. I have to show the part too. Hello, Rushie. Rushie. Rushie. Rushie. One point. One. One. One of the songs. One. One. One. One. One. That's just one. Three. One. Yeah. Why can't you do this? We saw two million. You're back for you. You hate full trees. Let's just go to the moon. What would make this journey? I might have to. What other. For me. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. What the couple. Here you go. Twelve or two or five sixty. What do you mean? Here's a fact says from theory and Vermont. Please put bad strife down on the pole. I can't stand that professional jubit and you are. Absolutely correct. She is nauseating, get her on there. Let's see. Here's what it says. Maybe there aren't enough projects to go around to a bush and a bush just turn the dogs loose and boner. There we go. That's a thought. That's an idea. Let's see. We already have a doctor feel from this other facts. But it's got a cute PS. It's an armamentate to crow and take most job. And retetlet the crow and no mole mole show. I like that a lot. In fact, I think that starts on Monday here on a station nearby. Yeah. The crow and the show. No mole show. Anyway, thank you so much. Paris Hilton. Bus stop childhood sweethearts and engagement. What a bitchie is. Point tape starlet Paris Hilton has gotten him brod another shameless scandal while taping a reality TV show the simple life. She broke up the engagement of two high school sweethearts. Who both are cute but they need a haircut both of them. The simple life has been a surprise hit as you are watch hotel. Heres Paris Center fellow rich girl Nicole Richie Mingle and then some with folks in the small town of Altus Arkensaw. And the inquarers got behind the scenes to uncover some weird happenings off camera. Man either Paris 22 didn't even have feelings for trade lindley. The guy who dumped his fiance Carolyn Caine's for her. But instead states the romance to boost the show's rating set of source in Altus. At one point Paris and Caroline nearly came to blows after the eras and Nicole heckled her high school graduation ceremony. And when the taking was finished Paris packed her product bags and blew out a town like a tornado leaving relationship between the 90 year lovers and ruins, thanks to Paris the future train I were building where it was ripped apart with an amount of a day's Caroline told the inquarer and exudes the venue as lovers train our back to square one. And trade told the inquarers a chance curline in our command of relationship but it's going to take a lot of work. Caroline just doesn't trust me no more. Said the source to small town of Altus wasn't prepared for the havoc that Paris and Nicole had in store and it goes on a great line in the December 23rd in Quarce that there you go again another bitch. Yeah. Now getting to the meat of the matter. First the New York TV news before we get to the inquarer story. The York TV news today says. Rush Limbaugh's spin team came up with a secret plan to say their boss after the conservative commentator admitted he was addicted to painkillers the New York TV news learned yesterday. The plan involved taking up former senator Bob Dull's offer to help the embattled radio joc and suggesting he read a supportive letter to Newsweek magazine. The October 13 memo to prepare radio networks president Craig Kitchen obtained by the news also recommended doing a survey of Rush's listeners to gauge the reaction to Limbaugh's embarrassing admission. If results are positive we can use PR with station advertisers and media the memo states if not we don't have to publicize. It also were just great to send memo to Congress with updates on coverage advertised in a affiliate feedback. Confended with her memo, Limbaugh spokeswoman Kevin Bellos said the Congress was referring to was she was referring to was the senior management team at the Premier Radio Network's ride. As for Dull Bellos said he offered to help after Newsweek did an unflattering story about Limbaugh's addiction and the criminal investigation of his alleged suppliers Dull didn't return a call for comment. Limbaugh hasn't been charged with a crime and repeatedly is denied being the target of Lord Investigator is probing a black market pain killer ring he went into rehab as video yada yada yada. Fearing that Limbaugh who once called for jailing junkies may be branded a hypocrite and lose the loyalty of his right wing listeners his team's spring into action. Post to call to wax nonsensical website telling his audience the best way they can support him is the stay tuned with local station fellows wrote let the station know they're listening to the program. And additionally providing addresses for rushes fans to send letters Bellos recommending getting the message out that Limbaugh's advertisers would stay loyal to the show assuming not pouring a protest in our state we alert the wall street journal. Limbaugh was his usual liberals vanshing self when he returned their way of last month with his audience apparently intact. A short time later investigators and thwart his Palm Beach County where Limbaugh lives in splendor seized his medical records and suggested he went doctor shopping it was the first sign Limbaugh could face criminal charges for buying black market drugs. Next week, a general decide whether the medical records should be made public. Bellos said the records show that Limbaugh's addiction stem from his numerous medical problems and they want to make public. Also yesterday and I have it in my hand right now the National Enquirer reported that the police web is tightening round rush limbaugh and they could be arrested in just a matter of days. Oh please Limbaugh's lawyer right black yesterday called the tabloid story pure fabrication and a thinly veiled attempt to destroy Mr. Limbaugh's reputation in theory right. Lot that up your ass you know. Just like somebody once said in fatso remember that scene junior. No I don't remember that. When we're seeing in the song about the something boys whatever the the the Napoli boys. Oh. Lot that up to the day. Yeah, lot that up to the IRS. So that was a dom bell we said that to junior one of the keys to the he wanted the keys to the refrigerator the coverage baby. Don't you remember that? I did the keys get the honey junior. You just you're not into it. Anyway I got it in my hand right now. What charges could come down against drug scandal players police web closing in on rush. I also got a great story about somebody that you were really like a lot. Roy. Cone. No. Why undergo a secret surgery you place part of his skull. Yeah. He just has like a little hole in it and it's head to how's it holding up. Well, look at to him eventually got a lot of crap here today. Boy, a lot of facts is pouring into the almost like we have an audience or something. Police web closing in on rush. Talking pin had four docs feeding his bill. Have it say authorities and here's a picture. Rush with his glove. His golf glove on one hand. His hearing aid in place in his ear and smoke at a big fat stogi. It says the news is tightening the Palm Beach County's task forces investigating Limbaugh's doctors. The police web is tightening around rush Limbaugh and his suspected drug suppliers as the inquire on the arrest of key figures including rush could come soon. The inquire has learned exclusively. Record seized by Palm Beach County Task Force investigators alleged the talk show host got overlapping prescriptions for powerful pain killers only days apart. More than 2,000 pills over approximately a five-month period this year. Mr. Limbaugh's actions violate the letter in spirit of Section 893.13 commonly known as Dr. Shopping States Research War in Application of File and the Cirqueur to Palm Beach County. According to the search warrant application, no fewer than four physicians wrote prescriptions for Limbaugh in the week just partly inquire is blockbuster exclusive in October exposing Limbaugh's massive drug addiction. After police raids on the offices of Limbaugh's doctors, a source posted investigation of all to the inquire where Rush Limbaugh is currently part of a major criminal investigation could face a risk. We saw the medical professionals mention in search once for his medical records. The names of at least two other doctors allegedly involved in the dispensing of large quantities of prescriptions and medications have been given to investigators. This investigation could also soon result in the arrest of doctors. Oh yeah, this is sweet. Oh right. Armed with the war, investigators seized the 52-year-old conservative Kingpins medical and prescription records from two medical officers on November 25 and a mind-boggling allegation. The search warrant application claimed that one physician prescribes 60 tablets of North Pole and extremely potent pink color August 28th and 240 more the very next day. Oh, back in April the same doctor also prescribed 84 North Pole tablets on the 15th and 180 more only nine days later according to the war and application. 84 tablets on the 15th, 180 more nine days later, boy he must have been in a lot of pain. In the inquire's world exclusive expose in October Rush's housekeeper Wilma Klein confession provided Rush with massive quantities of pain killers. Now she reveals radio-small successful top king fear leaving a paper trail by dealing with doctors. I need pain pills, but a man in my position can't afford to have be looked ridiculous. I can't afford to have his name on a doctor's prescription Rush explained according to Wilma. The housekeeper quits a plan Rush into lie 2002 and she told the inquire that if he broke his gold and ruled by turning the doctors for drugs he must have become absolutely desperate recently. Rush returned to the airways of number 17 following five weeks in rehab received prescription medication of a controlled substance in the year 2003 from four different positions between March 24th and September 26th 2003 according to a search warrant reported by test court before agent max devali. These prescriptions were issued sometime in the same week and less than 30 days apart. How many? God, third man. The radio host never told individual doctors that he was receiving pain pill prescriptions from other physicians in order to obtain excessive amounts of controlled substances to support his addiction reads the search warrant application. Four doctors named in the search warrant supplied limbo with two thousand 130 pills court records claim that pills included Norco, Osi Kahn, Lorset, Hygro Kodon and Kadyan. What the was that? You know, nothing I've heard of. Limbaugh's attorney, Roy Black claims Rush's the victim of a fishing expedition by prosecutors of targeted him because of his well-known political opinions added. Rush Limbaugh is not part of a drug ring he was never a target of a drug investigation. But, but state attorney, very crissure quickly had back he referred to the ongoing investigation Mr. Limbaugh and added. It is not my office policy to come and of an open police investigation. Whether Mr. Limbaugh's subject to prosecution or any crimes is still under investigation. That's almost as shocking as that memo about. Our QAman is searching for a new morning of sports talent. And law, this is for three or five cities. Why the you bastard? And culture is a party girls like party girls like party girls like party girls like. Party girls like party girls like. Party girls like. On their back. We are just red. That's each edge. It's good that. That's each edge. That's each edge. That's each side. That's each edge. That's each edge. A double-low double-low double-low. A double-low double-low double-low double-low. The more of this monster, a bigger than the wasca be a media home for birds and on top quibble. You want more? On this lady? It's what I'll give you. She's got a book to read about slamming rings. Nobody knows more about slamming rings. With a big scoop of mouth and a one to the left of mangala. Such a good, crissure girl. You want a stranger's hug. Fontificating. Who she's hating? Political, tongue-to-tauntificating. Traffons of law and masturbating. A republic in stanky home. She's a better, real-ness and more. Fake gay, liberal, a dirty one. You know? And a miniscurge, joe and cattle, toe. And culture knows what they can be. And a miniscurge that feels fishy. She's a tall drink of water on the side of law and order with a back alley look. To be like a broad scholar. If you got some money, she'll spread those things with the cigarette. And a sharp man. And culture and culture. Political, tongue-to-tauntificating. A digital, a bright energy, she lay. If 12, 17, if 5, 60, if W.C.M. Hey, normal. You just passed me a blind sheet of paper. That normal can't, man. He just can't. You know what? Paxes me two pages. The first one I've already got. The second one is blank. I try to facts him back and say, hey, page two. Your facts was blank. And his facts machines are busy. Do you know how some people are just like kind of inept? No. Faxes ain't us. That'd be a good business from open up. Now, they sold his newspaper. Paxes ain't me. Because he just can't do it. Our good buddy, Mike says he hates Jerry Lewis. He says in real life, my mother would do it. And bumped into a stormpump of each several years ago. He tried to shake his hand and the American set of a bitch rushed by her gotten was carded, robo away. Jerry Lewis, so get a lot of votes. Hey, lady. That's what he said on a way out the store. Rush to his car and flew out. That's probably why he's, he left like a balloon, you know? Somebody punishing his ass. We want to hear the story about Roy. Yeah, not yet. Oh, okay. He's got to hold it off. How many thousands we got out there with you on market? No update. What do you mean no update? I've been promoting it there. I mean they're out there now. And I've been plugging a crap out of it all morning. Well, they should have a line all the way around to block there. Join Mark with our best of the emergency nice and their toy drive going on. They're at singular wireless 19 20 South University drive in Davy. Very prestigious location from notable to a clock. They should be having money up the ass them to right now. When you think, you think. How's the pull coming? Which show business figure gives you the biggest pain in the ass? Michael Jackson 51, Rosie O'Donnell 50, Dion Sanders 32, J. L. 26, Rush Limbaugh 20, Nancy Grace 11, Whitney Houston 11, Bill Marr 10 and Colt or 10. Everybody else in single digits. Small potato so far. Let me say it again, Norm. Your facts machine is screwed up. You don't know what you're doing. And that great one somebody fancy you something that comes out like a blank sheet of paper. Oh, that's free paper. It's kind of like when the equipment is screwed up. It's always on your end down there. It's never here. It's always on that side. Same thing with Norm a man. Just can't get it straight now. When in that norm, straight in and out. By the way, Joe just called and a bunch of people have come by, but no one has bought CDs and no one has bought a toy. So, so what does that mean? They've come by for what? He said they're just sniffing around. Well, I got something if they're sniffing around. No, it's too charged. There you go. Sniff that. Well, what does that mean? They're just sniffing around. Those guys have got more excuses, man. They couldn't raise if they had like starving puppies and kittens sitting in front of them. They couldn't raise 50 cent. It's just Joe, by the way. Also on the bridge is not even, oh, it's just Joe. Well, forget about that. That's a little bit easy. Now they can go out there. Oh, they're the coast is clear now that Mark Eisenberg in there. Let's see how Norma Ken is doing here. Oh, that other girl, Norma. You got it. Now I got a fact. This pain that he has to be asked to him. Good. God Almighty. Right in the middle of my very high paid radio show. What's wrong with this guy? Pup, pup, pup, pup. Okay. We got it, Norm. Just relax. Okay. You'll get it. That one I'm good and ready. Brother. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. What show business figure gives you the biggest pain in the world? That's the back to him. Posterior. Ask. WCOM. Hello. Hello. Yes. Yes, ma'am. Hi. I just want to know what the number is to order order the cities and the key change and stuff without. What's that number, George? 305. 650. Oh, 156. I'm sorry. Do you repeat the please? I'm sorry. 305. 305. Okay. 305 got that so far. Yes. 650. Oh. Oh. 156. Yes. Thank you. And thank you very much. I never write holiday. Thanks a lot. I love it. I love it. And me too. Thanks. Oh, speaking of animals. I'm going to go a secret surgery through a place part of his skull. What are you laughing about this story? This is sad. No, it's not. It's sad. No, come on. It's sad. Las Vegas legend. Roy. Horne is undergone secret life-saving surgery. Replace part of his skull that had been removed after he was severely mulled by a 600-pound tiger the inquire of his learned. Who was trying to save him? He was trying this. Of course, even as the tiger teaming a timing half of secret and Roy tried to battle back after the growing six hour operation. His partner, sick for his locked in his own battle with insurance companies to get him to cover. The enormous expenses. Sources say doctors waited till December the 5th to do the surgery because they needed Bro, could be strong enough to withstand the rigorous replacing that section of the skull that had been implanted in his abdomen for safekeeping after the attack. The section of his skull that had been implanted in his abdomen for safekeeping after the attack. Are you ready for that? That's a pretty doctor-friacant. The lines. Do you? I know we had a storage pouch in there. The painstaking operation took so much out of the famed illusionist who had been breathing on his own. That sources say he went to the ICU after surgery and was put back out of ventilator. It's one step forward to clear the source post to. And a half step back. He's certainly not out of the woods, but he survived the six hour brain surgery. And that's a good sign by itself. SIGPLY remains in an emotional turmoil. He also wants to cover that he wants to be recovered so badly. He's the loot himself and a thinking his partner already has made a miracle recovery. The truth is as far as conditions concerned it's still touch and go. Touch and go. Kind of like my ass on the toilet tonight to go. Touch and go. Thanks, Dr. Rackens. That's not Dr. Bob. Believe me, if he were still alive, they didn't have to put those things out. Those indulged. He was already starting to get into it with those advantage bars and whatnot. The advantage bars have been around for years. They don't make you crap your brains out? No, they just taste like. That's the choice. That's it. No, no, seriously. I think he just touched on it. You fell into a pile of crap. Always touching it. Either it tastes like crap or it if it tastes good, it makes you crap. Yeah. So knowing between that's the thing with this losing weight. You can't get away from the crap. Right. Right. Anyway, getting back to the important stuff about Roy. His commissioner still touched and go. It's been that way since the tiger grabbed. I'll be showing it on a bigger stage in front of a horrified the group of fans October 3rd. Now, what I wanted to say horrified from what we were hearing. They thought it was part of the show, remember? Right. And some of us might be related. I don't want to question the inquiries. Viracity, accuracy here, but to get with it. Soon after, Dr.'s head removed a portion of his skull because his brain had swollen and was pressing against the bone. What if nothing worse than when there's a brain pressing against your bone? If the pressure got too great, Roy would die. Doctors placed a skull in his abdomen to keep the tissue viable. Sources say, Roy is airlifted from Vegas to UCLA in Los Angeles, October 28th, because the couple's Hollywood friends told sick breed his best chance for survival was in a caracalifornia specialist. Slowly. Roy. Made progress. He could open when I seemed to be emerging from the coma. Says the source. The biggest step was when Dr. is finally took him off the ventilator. He was able to breathe on his own. They find with the side he was well enough for undergo the operation. It was a success. But now, the insurance company is saying sick freed moved from the LA hospital where went after the attack without getting permission from their carrier. And therefore, they may not cover his medical bills say inside. So when you go on C. Joe Costello, they give some extra money for Roy. Roy. Right? No. All sick freed wants his the best possible health care for his potten of the source said. Roy. Means everything in the world, the him is devotion to his heart-wending. Sick freed is terribly distraught over the insurance where the tapies had over the paper pushers and it's driving him mad. Hopefully Roy will fully recover the insurance company will pay the bills for it right now, it could go either way on both counts. Woo. Pretty spooky, huh? Yeah. Don't let me forget. Maybe I'll do it in the one of clock hour. That article by David Corn, editor of the nation. Author of the Lysa George W. Bush, mastering the politics of deception. About the horn and says, don't let me forget. Okay, don't. Just make some buzzing sounds like horn and sound remember. Oh, what is with all these faxes here? Good. Got all mighty. Charles and dear field beats. Don't know if you got this fax on Wednesday. I hope any statements that can't always live there. Uh, verse number for today. Show got it. And what is this other stuff on here that goes on and on and on and on. Charles and dear field beats. I don't got time for that in the middle of the show. Charles, thank you so much. Here's what it says. What is it about religion that you hate so much? Is it just Christianity or all religions? I'd appreciate some intelligent insights as I have problems with religion myself. Let me just tell you this, whoever this is from, is it got an A-mon at no. But whoever this is a del computer preferred customer. Ha ha ha ha. Are you excited about that? It's all about your fairy tales. It's all about your hate. Religion is a big tax exempt business that teaches people to hate and go to war and kill each other. Not just Christianity, not just Judaism, not just Muslims and all this other crap. It's all of them. They're all crap. Their man made fairy tales for morons. That's the answer to your questions. Unnamed a del preferred customer. He probably knows what's his name. The del guy. Uh-oh. It's probably what he took him off the year. Why is he seven past known at five sixty QAN? My local fifth six is five sixty. Three years old, you're coming. QAN. Are they you best friends? My religion's better than yours. I really can better than yours. My religion's what's required to avoid a man's desire. My religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours. By my religion and the faith, in the train and racial fate, I'm a religion's better than yours. I'm a religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours. But we like about it best type on their voice and where we're addressed. My religion's better than yours. Absolutely. My religion's better than yours. My religion's more better than yours. We have no reason to be forgiven. Private have to make a living by the kitchen better than yours. And I believe it's better than your own. I believe it's better than yours. I believe it's better than yours. Chopahabra's who goes to his father, takes and talks in both my religion's better than yours. I believe it's better than yours. I believe it's better than yours. We will teach him that the type of baby tale, Private have to make a living by the kitchen's better than yours. My religion's better than yours. We not endorse a father like former brushes, you are the most private religion's better than yours. But you're the better than yours. But you're the better than yours. My religion's better than yours. We wear ties and wide our bikes and get you married lots of wives by religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours. That's a movie. We don't want to use our brains for mindless living, Don't parade by religion's better than yours. You'll never guess what's skanky obnoxious bitches on CNN with Wolf Bootskrieg right now, debating some of the goofball and culture. I didn't like that. All we had to do was mention the fact we haven't seen her in a while, and she is again a parade her and so. Your father lives with her theories about Halle Burton. That's kind of like the trial. I've also mentioned the builder. Why? There she is. I'll be taught. To watch new. Anyway, Senator of US operations in Baghdad attack. Oh, you asked military said that on and on five explosions overnight in Baghdad, where rocket attacks targeting the green zone in Baghdad, it sure took that long enough to get us this story, and I was asking about that all this morning. Right? What we know now is three to six explosions impacted in one of the buildings inside the green zone, not to palace of the headquarters. Brigadier General Curtis Scott Parotti told CNN, Scott Parotti. The retool wounded both for US soldiers. He said the soldiers were not seriously injured. There he goes. After all that. Join George tomorrow from 10 to noon at Tiger Direct located 77. 95 West Flagler. But what does that? What's Tiger Direct? It's a computer kind of a place with a specialty products, computers, all kinds of cool things. Needs. Okay. Noon 10 to noon. The Mar Tiger Direct located at 77.95 West Flagler Street. Stop by the wind prices. Pick up your best in the emergency. Drop off your two donations for Joe and what's his name? Please leave with Joe Mark. How's Joe doing out there? He got some cash in here. He's been there for like a long time 35 minutes. I guess not yet. Let me just give you a suggestion, Josh, when Joe is out of one of these. Don't hold your breath. Don't get all pent up and worked up into a frenzy and anticipation of some fabulous report. Oh my god, like yesterday. Remember we did see yesterday was partly our fault. You wanted to lie? Why is that? Because we didn't know nothing about it until like was already in progress. Right. Well, Senator Scott, Juni route there in the van to that shell station. And we did it just said he'll be there. It's just, he's there. So it took people a little while to get out there to build up the courage to go there into the bowels of Hollywood. You know what I mean? Well, I don't know if you're going to win. Well, it's part of the university. No, that's not where he was. Oh, he's got a shell station. It's been about 95. You're thinking of the Navy before. You're thinking of the Navy before. You're thinking of the Navy before. Nice. The Navy is walking that area. Right by the old package in the studio is right by the cockroach. The Deep dart geto with Hollywood. I'm actually that watch his name Disney probably would've gone out there on the and beat it over to bot, I hadn't shoulders with a broom. Be in the witch that he is. Which huh? That's what somebody told me. Should I do the Navy quarantine? I don't think so. I think we'll save that for 1 o'clock. Stu, I don't want to like right through it. You know I'm saying I don't want to rush. I don't want to sound like I'm on speed or something like that. which show business figure gives you the biggest pain in the ass Michael Jackson 56 but don't take Michael Michael motorcycle just because it is latest problem as that he's off to the races alone. Rosio Donald 52 that pad bitches right on his ass and beyond Sanders 34 wrestling ball 33 they're in a battle. J. Lowe 27 and quarter absolutely everything and quarter 14. I'm looking at that skanky bitch right now. You know what I'd like to see? I'd like to see a manaja Tla. I'd like to see a huge a king size bed misfog in the middle with your girlfriend Lynn Samuels on one side and colder on the other side. How'd you like that? I'd boat up a tee. I will be there for that one. Yeah. Michael Jackson 56. Rosio Donald 52. The on-sadder's 34. wrestling ball 33. J. Lowe 27 and quarter 14. Bill Mar 11. When they used him 11 Nancy Grace 11 Dennis number 10 Ben Affleck 9 Dr. Phil's got seven I scored Dr. Phil you bald headed geek phony baloney and you know who else is a phony baloney who don't even look that good no more is his son remember I said he had a good one son a couple years ago. He said I'm going to take your word for it. He's another faker okay Steve I think his name is he's McGraw. Well a tug McGraw whatever your whole his name is he's tuggin on it. Yeah he's he's right and diet books now just like daddy dieting for a teenager's a lot of the fat does you know anything about dieting no matter all you fat people give anybody your money that that's right you're right cuz we're desperate and it's like it's like the televentilist don't want to do what you know you got a bunch of desperate on that guy that's semi-to-facts that got me to put it on my religion thing I am so sick and tired of people want to make it complicated there is nothing complicated at all okay right the easiest test everybody in Florida sooner or later will find a an insect in or around their home okay if you're lucky enough to have our good friend the Steve painting the S.D. who does our bug service you probably won't have any inside your home right at least for a long time right I don't but like it be a fine and an an encounter and you're like like that you know what we all do you score the end already a cockroach god forbid you know what was filthy disgusting cockroaches yeah and you step on it just ask yourself the question is it going to have an is it coming back to light is it going to purgatory oh that would have been going to hell huh see they don't have a soul so that's not a good yeah yeah yeah the only soul was the one on your shoe that stepped on the insect that was the killer and all this crap about a soul how does a soul see how does this all here how does this all think how does this all feel magic right there you go I mean what are we talking about use your brain forget about the brain washing all this man made bubble mice's all these fairy tales all this stupidity nonsense and just take a look at the history of man not just today since the beginning of recorded time killing each other because the book that they wrote says that they're better than somebody else wrote a different book that's what it's all about so it's not just the Christians and the Jews and the Muslims and all the other go in it's everybody if they put as much energy into making a world a rational saying civilized place as they do in a trying to convert and brain wash everybody else and make of an offer they couldn't refuse which is going on over the world today then it would be paradise you know I mean paradise but last time I checked it ain't you you I folks Dennis Miller here and I'm standing here with President George W. Bush the man I'm endorsing for reelection everybody. Well George here is doing a great job I made you know what it comes to get that done he makes Churchill look like Neville Chamberlain is that right sir yeah yeah he's my favorite basketball part right and President Bush really stands up to the terrace take better than the Democrats I mean come up those guys out the back bone of a number tell it muscle relax is okay yeah I think I used to lick nematodes back in the frat days it's thinking of licking George W. Bush is going to give the Democrats the bigger licking than who's getting Turner I know what who cheers but who's Turner George W. Bush is going to turn this economy around faster than little Reagan's cranium in the exercise I didn't know Ronald Reagan was in that movie I mean come on I don't need to go off at a rad here but George W is to proactive for policy what highs inburg was to quads of physics okay I was always good at physics and so please folks come November 2004 both for George W. Bush trust me on this when you'll be happier the Ruben started with a fistful of ponderosa coposs I think I get that one oh god great forward by the surprising new friends of George W. Bush 1244 at five sixty w. G. M. 16 to one Joe Costello sitting out there probably pretty lonely at singular wireless nineteen twenty-seven university riven baby hasn't raised an equally at for a band of perescue as he no ha ha ha ha I mean I just say this to okay if he gets shot out on the vermension is name on the urgen that's a promise if he goes out there for two hours and doesn't raise a dime at least twenty bucks that's it okay and no toys no toys for his toy drive though I'm an okay for our uh... best of uh... neo nothing and he likes them toys okay so stop by toys be us stop by those six toy joints and bring them one okay and then he can uh... one Joe get with it go out there get a megaphone worth and speak for a say hey look at me I'm Joe Costello from a Q.a.m. I'm a hot shot I'm mr. Motorsport Saturday I'm a big uh... superstar right who's done anyway David corn washington and the nation author of the lines of your w w the hotline's righ alway for what all the hotlines righ in for me q a m hello listen you now my father's other people are in charitable and by the way we got forty dollars in a couple of dollars so that was the judge get he's giving it a business I think he wants you to jump it's actually really difficult parking over here it's uh... we're on the way south east corner in the tower shots and it's a problem with the police on the dolphin fans now yeah like I said it's a pompous starting to get time people are bringing toys and bringing money but that I've been pretty well earning for you in the past and I would like that when was that when here the girl here in my thousands and millions of dollars and here man I may be open on that scene I've yet listen we're doing all right we're gonna get it going I don't know people aren't very charitable is here no it's a tough it's a tough year I don't know why it's a don't like you that much anyway so it's a you that goes without saying that I don't know that my guys and we're going to pick back it's a nice coming away there you go do the best you can Joe well do and good luck to you'll need it okay there's your castella was on for a defensive anyway David corn rights there's a hornets nest out back you and your buddy talk about what to do about it he says I'm gonna hit it with a stick you say no don't do that let's think about another way to deal with the problem he says I'm gonna hit it with a stick you played don't do this maybe we can smoke them out ask others what to do find some other solution he says I'm gonna hit it with a stick you reply no really let's he then hit the nest with a stick hornets go flying everywhere they sting home every they can find as chaos and so's your friend looks at you and says hey don't tell me that was wrong hit it with a stick that would be wasted time telling what your solution is for dealing with a problem right now such a scenario is an imperfect analogy for the position work where it's found themselves in these days imperfect because a hornets nest might pose a more immediate threat to the characters in this tale then saw them who's saying despite all his brutality post of the u.s in recent weeks defenders of the war have dismissed criticism of the war's caught a productive at this point in time and we tried to turn the tables on the critics by demanding they provide a roadmap for victory and expectation it's an old rules don't be so negative give us solutions but there's no reason why I told you so critics should be expected to pull up George's W. Bush's bacon from the fire in fact there may be no way out it's not much fun to be gloomy about a war that Bush now says was fought to bring democracy to the repressed people of Iraq while they can't keep singing went to find weapons of mass destruction yet Bush is stuck in a hole of his own digging pulling out of Iraq and leaving the Iraq to their own devices and the mercy of numerous vathas thugs would be an immoral act but staying in Iraq is a capire seem at this moment a problem at a position as well a few days ago the York Times noted on the front page that the u.s. is adopted Israeli-like tactics in Iraq jailing the relatives of suspected insurgents demolishing buildings that might have been used by the anti-merking guerrillas surrounding whole villages in barbed wire and the article quoted captain Todd Brown a company commander in the area of one fence to invillage observing you have to understand the Arab mind the only thing they understand is force forced pride in saving face. Bush can deliver noble speeches pledging a decades along u.s commitment to democracy in Iraq and the Middle East deputed defense secretary wolfwitz could articulate lofty reasons for the occupation of Iraq but captain Brown others like him are the ones who are in a way making the policy in Iraq with their attitudes and the interactions with Iraqis. I don't be grudge ground his hard-ass position for which he's been placed in a tough spot. What is chilling is that his remark may be a more accurate description of the realities of u.s. policy and Iraq than anything concected by a White House speech writer. Was the American public informed before the war that success in Iraq would depend upon practices that were increasingly failing and falling in the disrepute within Israel? Almost every week another former or soon to return a senior military official in Israel confesses that aerial shirones hit them with a stick policy has not only failed but has been counterproductive. So when u.s. faces a situation in which the military had to imprison Iraqis with their own villages it's not quite fair to demand that critics propose a sure fire remedy to the Iraq problem. What is there to say? Picket fences instead of barbed wire? The democratic presidential candidate to each blast of the occupation imposed similar alternatives in Iraq. They generally argue that Bush must turn over the occupation of the United Nations and that's such a handoff would pave the way for internationalizing the military action in Iraq. The resumption is that if the Bush administration yielded control over the political and economic developments in Iraq sorry, Haliburton, then the other nations of the world will be willing to send troops to Iraq to assist the U.S. there. This is an untested assumption. But as the war becomes uglier, who said anything about barbed wire, is it likely that other nations will deploy troops to Iraq for what is not a peacekeeping mission but a counter-insurgency operation? More over could a multilateral force be more successful and vanquishing the insurgents which is now the challenge at hand than the U.S. military. It's pretty to think that the UN can make things right in Iraq but its a notion based more our hope than fact. It could happen? But fortunately for the Democratic candidates Bush shows no signs of replacing Paul Bremor with Kofi-Anan. I say fortunately because this means that Democrats can continue to advocate such a course and claim they have something to offer beyond criticism of Bush even if their proposal has obvious shortcomings. I don't fault them, they have to have their own plans, but no one should imagine that just as an approach would definitely succeed, and maybe the only option we're trying but let's be real, it's no slam dunk. Recently Anthony Cortison, a military expert of the Center for Strategic and International Studies, produced a series of the pressing studies on the war in Iraq. A report on U.S. intelligence on the missing WMDs in Iraq notes? Even a cursory review of U.S. and British charges about Iraq's WMD capabilities shows that point after point that was made was not confirmed during the war or after the first two months following the conflict. The U.S. and Britain went to war with Iraq without the level of evidence needed to provide a clear strategic rationale for the war. In a paper on the current fighting in Iraq, he says that neither side of the U.S. and the insurgents can now achieve their original grand strategic objectives. This is forced each side to limit its objectives to the point where neither side may be able to win in grand strategic terms. It's true he observed that Bush did end the regime of a cruel dictator but failed to achieve the objective of removing an urgent and imminent threat because there's no evidence such a threat existed. More on the point of what to do now than he writes the U.S. may be able to give her back significant new opportunities but won't be able to shape her rack-in-away modern democracy or free market economy. The U.S. will have to leave long before the political economic and energy issues in Iraq playout and immaculate in face years of not a decade of instability. A decade of instability? Dick Cheney never said anything about that. Court has been also maintained the situation in Iraq is far more likely to compound U.S. problems with Islamic movements than reduce them and will probably produce a significantly less secular regime over time. That is if a secular regime does emerge from the political mess in Iraq and court has been asserts, the U.S. is having mixed success in Iraq in part because it failed so dismal to effectively prepare for conflict termination, nation building, security missions and the risk of low-intensity conflict and because the Bush administration in any logical view of Iraq and the region was badly decoupled from reality. The couple from reality, I like that. How can one act reasonably or rationally in a situation board of delusion? Some things broken cannot be repaired, yes, morning will not make things better unless of course leads to Bush's replacement, and non-dolludional minds ought to try to find a path out of this mess. But it never should be forgotten that Bush weds an elective war based on a phony rationale that he did not prepare for the easy to force the aftermath and that he rushed in with his stick and that he unleashed the hornets their his fault. That's David Cornt in the nation. He poked it with a stick just like you were saying. Isn't that what you're saying to the ones stick? What? What? So Joe Castellos got 40 bucks out there and so the few toys and people are finally showing up. Let's not sell him short job. He's really doing it or so he says. And what was that he was talking about this money? He's raised for me in the past what century was that man? What did he dream that? Err? Talk about delusional. Okay, here's a facts. Boy, the facts are just pouring in here. I looked on the internet and found some other name, Brendan I. Colonel Rich Spurs. Plains have preceded you that your man or horn on the old was that. Underwent has been referred to as either a decompressive. What is that crane electing me or a hemocrine electing me? The former is considered a slightly less risk. Oh, I don't want to read all this about about what's his name. Ruh! Are you? No, no. I don't want to hear about his brain that used to be there. Thanks anyway, but we don't want to hear about Jim Boes says someone called or fact you were really about Russell Crowbing a racist. I have a similar story. I went last summer to LA to visit my best friend as I usually do. We go out and hang. I took him across Mr. Crow and up to Meshake his hand and the mother ever looked at me and started laughing as if to say, do you think I'll actually shake that Negro hand of yours? I don't want to say, no, no. He didn't say like the last call or Schwarz, he called me a nigger. If it wasn't for that tower he had next to him I'd have kicked his ass. A foul man. That's really lovely, isn't it? Yeah, nice guy. No, he's not. But that was a good movie. We liked the movie. We just hate his stuff. Like a Russell Crow makes a sick or stomach. Just because your talent to does not make you a nice person. No, first on. There's this plenty of people in show business. That's why we're taking this poll. You look up and down this list. I challenge you to name the other than Jack Nicholson who I like. And I mean, I mean, you don't know these people personally. Okay. So you never really know if somebody's a nice person. I didn't know them. But but yeah, let's face it. Is there much debate? We got a flatfooted tie for first place. Rosie O'Donnell. Another glove one. Rosie and Michael neck and neck nose to nose. Yeah. So I think she's got a leg up there. Look at Rush who rushed up the list. 63 of peace for them and Rush is just Russian. I've got a lot of that would explain a lot. No, he's now he'd be drinking vodka if he was Russian. Maybe he Russians by the way. Don't want to part him. Rush has got 44. Those former county bastards don't want to do with him. Dion Sanders doing very good. 36. He be doing good. J. L. 29 and Colver 18 at Skanky's Skabby bitch. Whitney Houston, Ansyg Rays Type, 12 of a piece. Maybe we can get Bobby Brown to be up. Nancy Rays next time. Oh, give him money. Bill Mars got 11 Dennis Miller 10. Then I've lost got nine. What is it? What? Film a great list Taylor six just in Tinker Bell six Robert County, Jr. No relation to Joe Mars Jr. He's got five perusultant five, Boba Streisand five, Russell Croze got four that bigoted piece of crap Nicole Kidman for Jerry Lewis. Hello lady. He's got four. Ellen D. Jennifer has got three. Dike. Oh, and see, not that we don't like dice. We just don't like certain ones. And she and Rosie are two good examples. Speaking of that, you know, there have been lot of those rumors about Oprah, you know. Yeah, no, what do you don't want to mess with her with all that money? Oprah's got two Jack Nicholson two. Canter Reeves has got a pair. Mel Gibson only one. And Jessica Simpson only won. I'll 360 ad votes. Cutters him slack for Jessica. She's just a moron. Absolutely can help it. They cut her slack because of a rack. Or you can start with a rack stuff. I rack. It's okay if you say I rack, but not just plain old Ray, right? For Rallern at the hard way. And I want to say it. Brendan and Holly would said he's got a website. This link will take you to a homepage called The Propaganda Remix project. A brilliant collection of retouch propaganda posters updated for today's political and social clown. My personal favorite set of ones, leaving with Fox News and cheap oil is is a right. Says my father and I've been listening for years now. We love you. Show. Thank you, Brendan and Holly would PSN and Carter takes it. Oh man. And Carter takes it in the can. He must be talking about that tuna. She's been swallowing lately. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. This is for 20 life to see what I'm doing. Yeah. So I'm gonna do our. I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I'm a little bit scared of you I bet my country's of queats I bet my country's of that kind of brown Whatever I do heal for give me Oh, now I speak in turn And now I speak in turn I make me believe in that And I'm having fun Let's begin to Look who's moved in a strong third place and is on his way of overtaken Michael and the rosy I can't wait One two We're gonna have 53 He's gonna rosy We'll suit me mounting Michael Wow The rush man the rush myster pop a couple more rush Fony now this might help Joe cost a lot there. This might soften up some of our listeners out there who aren't clean You know loose with a cash this year Tubby owner suit pines pets director dog falls ill and die Okay, what? Well, it's a terrible story yeah, and I think that if we start thinking about the animals and see That's the thing to me this hold and part this religion crap well man has the soul and the other animals are just there for our amusement Well, what an arrogant obnoxious discussion I bet in the golden retriever Bible doesn't say that that's right and in their Bible It just is you know just wag your tail and humor them They're animals anyway. Let them lose their souls something like that So that's what really irritates me is that's always an excuse well. I think just here for our convenience It's really tragic Cause I guarantee that most dogs are a hell of a lot better and most of the people on our poll list today. Hell of a lot better Puppy owner suit pines pets director dogs follow you and die six people claiming their puppies became sick or died Found a lawsuit yesterday against the Pembroke pines petster when they purchased the where they purchased the animals so says today son Sentinel The six planets including a mother and son who bought one of the puppies claim the owners of Wizard of Claws Misrepresented the quality of its puppies violating state law three dogs died to our alive the suit states The suit filed and borrowed chicken court come six weeks after a lawsuit was lodged against Puppy Palace Inc a pet store but locations in Hollywood and Bointon Beach That suits nine planets claim the store is also misrepresented the quality of its puppies In a suit file against the Wizard of Claws the plaintiff said the puppies hold by the store were sick Which inedic diseases such as hip display show a bleeding disorder and pneumonia The plaintiffs including two South Florida residents has to be reimbursed for the price of their dogs and vet bills Terry Vaughn's Sal a Cooper city was searching for a papillon puppy. What what is that? Is it a butterfly? I've never heard of it a papillon puppy and thought a newspaper read the letter to Wizard of Claws in July 2002 She bought an eight week old puppy for nine hundred fifty bucks in Ambert Tara Formanthly the puppy went blind became sick and later died from a congenital problem called Hygrocephalus a condition in which excessive fluid is found in the brain The St. Tara suffered as an understatement said Vaughn salarated the cheek humiliated over 25 or 100 bucks in veterinary bills. I did my research saw the price was average. They said they worked for a select group of breeders I usually give my dog some animal control the humane society But I wanted a papillon then I easy to come by After Tara died Vaughn salarated the internet there she said she found other people who said wizard of claws sold and sick dogs What they've done and what they continue to do I want to see them get shut down she says she was given another puppy as a replacement Some plaintiffs in other animal activists planted demonstrate love in a clock come our morning near the store at 91 13 tasked read Two Anderson the manager for wizard or claws which is owned by his wife Gilda Study a soul about 3,800 dogs in two years with 80% coming from internet sales How do you buy a dog on the internet? By anything now I understand that how do you get it what do they do ship a T and a seal box? Well, they poke holes in it This is six people in 4,000 no matter what you do no matter how hard you try they won't be happy He said as he stood outside the store while look at over cop it lawsuit We're not interested in selling sick animals where lovers of animals Anderson said his store is not violating any state Log gets his dogs only for multiple breeders and guarantees dogs genetically for one to three years May she la heart who was acting as co-counsel for the wizard or claws plaintiffs also deleted attorney for those who sued puppy palace late October since then she said she's heard from about 90 people who bought dogs from puppy palace and Clean the animal suffered from congenital defects and became sick I Hope anyone that'll be adding a new four like a member to the family during the holidays will not support puppy mills by buying from a pet store Especially when a thousand dogs and cats are killing south photo shoulders every month lahar to it Well, they're not killing any and a band of perist who I'll tell you that they don't kill no animals there That's that's one of the main reasons I support them. That's the whole bag Right, they don't kill animals. They take care of they find home for many make damn sure that they get the To people will take care of well. I will say this though and I'll tell you this before to show I bought my dogs from a puppy store from a pet store. Yeah, and I'm not I'm not defending those stories one way or the other I don't know But I'm just telling you in tamarack on a corner university and you're just out the commercial there. It's probably not even still there If I now I think it's part of a chain still there, but something else And look look what a great job. I did All right Now seriously, I had two fine dogs. I got no complaints. Maybe a little crap on the floor tiny but other than that Or a little dog came from a store. We didn't buy him. He was given to us, but nevertheless came from a store So I think we can get a little bit carried away, but but I just read that story to talk of the heartstrings of people who really love dogs and even cats Because you know a band of perist who is a good charity and so good cause and animals are just as damn important as These people are listed as using example and it held a lot smarter than many of them including our president our president and chim By the way precious it on passion to piss off about those pictures She don't want to be associated with him 560 50560 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line Whicho business public figure gives you the show business figure gives you the biggest pain in the ass Raccoom pops the biggest road on your butt WQAM not not there. I can't imagine why only been rammed in for like an hour should I apologize no Just a joke WQAM Nobody there QAM line six it's always the kiss of death hello Oh, yes, sir. Yeah, yes, I am No, I am on a second, but I'm whole forever. I just want to roll my window second here you better. I'm sorry. Okay. I know I happy holidays and that to you sir same thing Hey, hey, can I get some thunder? No, can you get some one? Some you know that Neil God thunder 560 50560 pound five 60 on a AT&T And Verizon wireless line how about some thunder down under huh Isn't that the outback where they have the thunder and it's down under that's what I hit from those ATkins vores WQAM Yeah, sir, yeah, yeah Yeah, I was in Radio show you yesterday and I was in two the girls reading this letter and open letter to President Bush did you hear about that? No It was in some newspaper. I'm not Something that you guys knew or New where it came from or was this Randy was this Randy Rhodes? Yeah Yeah, she was reading it on the air. I was in my truck and I couldn't hear because there was someone's tag I thought maybe I don't know I the I don't I don't listen to Randy whether I'm there or a long ways away Brandy Wendy what are you looking to me? No, I was it suppose to have all that information that George Bush knew about 911 and all that pretty incrementing stuff yeah if you can find it and my venerously for people listen Okay, I'll call up Randy and find out what it wasn't call us bang Why is he called me about that? I don't know five six to five five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Oh, I did forget to play that What's the be honest man? I'm not ready sure if I like that better or I'm a Randy what are you looking to me now? Okay, better do you like that better get it look at this pooled man We are developing a battle here that is just astronomical four hundred and six votes And we got which hope is figure gives you the biggest pinn as rosio Donald 66 Michael Jackson 66 and rush 58 The on centers fourth a distant 37 he is a Noah continues doing okay, but man those top three they're in a battle life and death knows to knows Those Those to think that maybe in the in Michael will get knows doubt. Oh, he could just take his often 66 66 and our rush is up to sixty wow 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T Verizon wireless line. Don't forget George tomorrow tend to know that tiger direct 77 95 West flag rest week stop out of win prizes pick up your best in the emerge and I should drop off your toy donations and you know Because George must help out mark as well because otherwise he won't continue getting those good drugs Right From George Here's the line nine that we like a lot QAM Pretty good good. I got off your pole You know, I think that'd be one. It can be two people one. Okay, Julia Robertsman. Oh my god. She's annoying a lot of people a hater Wait when she comes out with a new movie man everywhere you see your face on a mag is like God, what if you got some makes you want to slice up your penis Yeah, what if it's a kind of heart attack does that dementia? Sexness in any way like with Julia Roberts. She like have like a hard attack of stuff Do I look at her like painted? No, I'll go pork her and get back to you all right on thank you Talk to you later good luck to you, pal. I I'm understand he doesn't hate Julia Roberts, but he wants to do her course. That's you know That's those guys. That's those heterosexual guys They don't care to smack her while he's doing her. I mean least quasi modal like as Marilda a little bit Yeah, like for a lot she gave me wolf huh WQAM Yeah, I Were put a bit in for rush and can I speak the nail Where you call from? Here's more longer than hello You know, yes, sir. How you doing pretty good? Yeah, about rush You think you're starting those pills away? Chewie 567.0560 pound five 60 on the 18 Ha ha ha ha ha Hey, by the way, I do $220 get out of here Seriously 220 bucks and you want it or why cuz I kept banging away in pounders like I did yesterday That's okay. I have no shame It's a very good cause. I really believe it and very strongly and you always do a good thing with the toys for thoughts I'll whatever it is called it the toy drive and so you know do something Get off your dead arses and do something please. Thank you. Those who do an rusty a You know your cheap 20 bucks and you'll be there. It'll two o'clock Or is it singular wireless? 19 20 South University drive and diving I mean, that's one of the reasons that there aren't as many people as closely said it's hard to park But they're in diving so maybe they're maybe they're horses are like a drop and load on the road On the way. Hey, there's a plenty of different kind of people in Davy. Let me tell you right now different kind of people You know, I mean Yeah, different from what different from your regular pedestrian kind of people like Wayne Arbor lives in Davy See what I'm saying? Uh huh. How you doing Wayne and Hudson and all the mother going over there? 113 at five 60 WQ and EF tire not a repair is a great place to take your car You'll find them at 50 83 North Federal Highway just to mile and a half north of Sample Road and Pompano Beach Because you can trust these folks to do a spectacular job at EF tire not a repair experience the difference that experience makes All EF mechanics are ASE certified technicians Correct with a very latest technology and must have been with the EF team for almost 20 years Most of them have been the EF team has got over 200 combined years of experience No job is to bigger to small at EF from a blown fuse to a blow engine from a 73 200 to an 0 4 Bentley EF tire not a repair does it all all jobs are meticulously Scoopfully double check rack received by the shop for man every car is clean upon completion of the work to EF honors most extended warranties and they offer you while you wait service I'm most repairs that's EF tire not a repair you'll ever get ripped off there There are 50 83 North Federal Highway and Pompano Beach called nine five four four two six 9926 That's nine five four four two six 9926 when you talk to these folks ask them about their 90 days same as cash No interest credit card EF tire not a repair their nationally recognizes one the most successful Automotive repair facilities anywhere in the US of A at EF their motto is nobody cares more and nobody More carded to earn your business My We're sports video five 60s you a A favorite couple Nicklas she and Jessica Simpson celebrate the season MTV style in a newlywed's Christmas I'm Nicklas sheer and I'm Jessica Simpson and it's time to deck the malls with browse of Jolly Nick and Jessica and fight you into their home to trim the trees. Yes, what are you doing? I'm water in the tree baby, but it's an artificial tree Sometimes I am such a dance. I should be using artificial water Listen as they tell the story of Christmas to a group of adorable children at first Christmas night The shepherds marveled at the sight of baby Jesus Huck they knew if Jesus I'd shout out there'd be six more weeks of winner and join the newlyweds and singing their favorite Christmas Carol and you see that she's dumb dumb dumb dumb He's still married me. I'm dumb dumb dumb Come celebrate the holidays with a little dumb or girl and her same name On newlywed's Christmas and for all you talk about her fake boobs everything else you do her in a heartbeat. Yeah, there you go Have a heartbeat Brain oh Something to think about how I got somebody who's brain you can do bro That's man that was terrible New Spector gun and girl claim oh no from the daily news. I hate this door feel specter Poor man. I haven't found everyone that's record. Have we no and I looked fever sweet. He might be by the run. That's dammit Why is that so hard to find? I can find all the other I even organized everything right? Huh? No, can't find it That's bad news the Canadian dollars backup again. What does that say 76 points up again and the the arrow is over a buck 22? Jesus the American dollars worth a freaking dime no mole Try to guess just they close the homes real good idea Ready for then 22 on a arrow anyway L.A. Sheriff's offices about a question in New York woman who claims record producer Phil Spector once forced to red gunpoint to perform oral sex Comfortabley that testimony from topless dancers Sandy Kane may help the prosecution claim that Spector collector is Lana Clarkson Myth Hermory Cance's her horrible encounter with Spector happened about 25 years ago Unlighted began at the now closed improv comedy club on ninth Avenue I played guitar knows they she tells us I was 21 I thought wow it's Phil Spector he might help give me a break Lana Clarkson probably thought the same thing Cance's Spector invited her into his limo along with sibling performers Nino tempo and April Stevens wow And I guess he might have heard it turn a depurple Com a Kenny Craver who inspired Michael Richards character on sign fell was also in the car He we caused it on the way to the Brasserie restaurant Spector showed us his Gun Cance's Spector later invited her up to a sweet and essential park south hotel He started chasing me around the room says can finally he held me down and started kissing me He wreaked a booze he asked me to give him oral sex. I said I don't do that That's when he pulled out a gun and said You'd better He said I'm gonna shoot once you decide which way it's gonna be That would have been a good line, wouldn't it? Good for who I said hey, we're like spill. I love you on a big fan He put the kind of way I did what he wanted when your life isn't danger You do what you have to I left immediately after where I didn't go to the police because I was scared I was the topless dancer. I felt they would blame me Spector 33 was charged last month with murdering Clarkson Cance said she's making allegations now because she wants justice done Lieutenant Dan Rosenberg a detective with the LA Sheriff's homicide bureau spoken with Caine asked if others had made similar Allocations Rosenberg said we did get some information but we can't get into what Spector attorney Bobby Shapiro Did not respond to several messages asking for comment on Caine's claim but insisted is fine to not kill Clarkson Bobby Shapiro like I said Mark Garagos Bobby Shapiro Johnny's cocking Bobby Shapiro Mark Garagos and Nancy Grace the same talking as many just want to puke We're drowning in a sea of talking head assholes or drowning I still say Mark here goes to be over two that's a good call Cuz there's no question at the Lacey Petersen was murdered by our husband. I mean it's right. That's a no brain It's a slam dunk as they say and the Michael Michael motorcycle stuff in spot of the angst at the Real hysteria there. I noticed they even misfogged today as always Stairacle she's got the thing on there for about the germane Making those ridiculous things about Michael was abused by the authorities and he was made by my I'm misfogging the right wing hysterical self-hating fact website you ready for that hold my leg hands out they pulled it they twisted a thing In fact, I might even take a puke at it Michael Jackson mistreated in custody is what it says Or do you finally find that or get that from some of WFTV in Florida? Where does that? A so on a West Coast obviously I never heard of that Anyway Michael Jackson's brother said the pop star was physically mistreated while a custody the Santa Barbara Sheriff's Department Which by the way they said he's full of crap Your main Jackson told MSNBC and interview broadcast last night as brother has proof He was very very much mistreated He declined to get specific saying only the pictures will show you everything To which you'll probably say you call that a penis right they yanked 560560 pound 560 on just amazing the people were so anxious to like get try to get him off the hook or just get him off Or maybe they'd like to get him off could be ill Maybe miss fuck you were like a three way well like I said a lot of openings for that 560560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless line which show best figure gives you the biggest pain in the ass Who gonna Q a m What is it this is not I just chopped off stories over the market David. I want to talk to Neil. They good. Oh, thanks, man. This is Neil Oh, no, I don't think I good We have a talk about the not mock on the show about the Schlepper can the red brow to We Jason yeah He's got to be doing something out there, okay It is that time of the year when it's time to give and get right given received right and Receive and receive 567.0560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless line WDQ a m Hello, yes, sir. The Neil Rogers show. Yes, it is. I don't need to talk to Neil what I was just thinking is good It may make a great show if you Contacted the lawyer for the EPA or the EPA itself to find out what bush with his direct eat It's rather than going through any legislative body is trying to do through all the EPA rulings that was set down in Clinton There we make a hell of a show for somebody else right would I make a great show? I think I'll I'm sorry I'll give you a clue who to call Let's get somebody from the EPA on or let's just get somebody on from the EPA Do it the Canadian way how's that Toronto weather Neil for Paul Castro Nova who's keeping a diary on it by the way? We stole and there's an opening in QA and we have to memo up or stock on a higher you Paul We should put this on the website minus three no, let's not minus three Right now, what is that 20? 8 26 27 and it's a little murky out there, but I have a little bit of snow on agrabas There'd be like all the way up to zero today Which is not too bad. It's not too bad. I just passed out of luck because I know Paul really gets a big kick I don't like him to try to weather every once in a while Then religious guitar and school or French panel says goes to show it was frogs even though they smell pretty bad A report delivered a present Jacques Girockius that he called for a new law banning the wearing of conspicuous religious symbols in French public schools large crosses for Christians Headscars from Muslim girls or a skullcaps for Jewish boys The recommendation was the most striking in an official reassessment of how to preserve the principle of the Separation of religion and state in France and let us such developments as the rise of a large Muslim population and a new wave of anti-Semitism The principle and that principle reports it would be guaranteed by impartiality and banning of all conspicuous Religious symbols in official institutions, but individuals using those institutions not be barfamaring Discrete symbols for example like Medayans small crosses stars of David hands of Fatima or small corans little teeny tiny one What about a little bean a little a little teeny tiny beanie But only a little teeny tiny we need 26 past one at five sixty W. You must do a show on the EPA Let's get some whistleblowers on here or like feel spectacelisius isn't blowers on here Boy boy feel specter Yeah, I might have to play that let it be naked, but I don't think so unlike of that much do It's okay for Monday 27 after one a QA if you want to give your home a new style of solid a season replace that terrible Carpeting and do it by corner good friends at lemon and so Ross They're the easy low maintenance alternative to natural restoring which looks great. A boy. It is expensive Laminance rush is the best place to find lemonade wood flooring from perid or pergro will Start uniform and question up and all of lemon and so restories installed by pergro certified installers who know their crap inside a new Another good reason to call aminance rush their prices are unbeatable. That's right right now get to holiday special For just 1495 bucks which gets you of the 295 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring and is positively Unmalatable and Laminance rush will match any legitimate written offer to you can't be them with a stick for a free and home estimate call Elements rush toll free 1 877 777 3336 Nothing could be easier for you to give your free carpet disposal free furniture moving and a 25 year warranty So this holiday season give a gift to your home a brand new style with beautiful laminated wood flooring call Elements rush today toll free and tell that old Neil ancient Neil told you to call that miserable old prick Neil Trudeau call 1 877 777 3336 I You let Rush the Grand Box. You girl can't eat. I had a pretty much friends. Kind of fit for me. Fish, son. You may, you're a fool. Under the rug is where the story is going. He's going to the Rush the Grand Box. Amaged controls, so they can pitch in holes. He's going to the Rush the Grand Box. He's going to the Rush the Grand Box. He's going to the Rush the Grand Box. He's going to the Rush the Grand Box. I was compelled to play that because Rush has made the big move you were anticipating. Look at that pole. He's moved from nowhere, which we left him out to give everybody a little head start. No chance. Look at that. Which show business figure gives you the biggest pain in the ass. Rush the Grand Box 85 is pulling away in the stretch. Big time. Bro's you're down with 72 Michael Michael Michael Lomotor cycle 70. The on Sanders 38, 032 and quarter 26. That's Frankie Bitch. Wait till you're this story. Remember that story? I had about the German guy that ate the somebody carved him up. You eat people. I ate his liver with some father meat. And a nice candy. Well, these kind of a bad aftertaste. A German cannibalist holding talks with several film companies on a movie. He's grizzly story. His lawyer said that today it is murder trial. Armand Muse 42 has already begun writing his memoirs in jail. He killed carved up an eight of victimies as he wanted to die. A 3-year-old Ermel said during a break in the trial. Ermel would not come out and report the deal of potentially millions of dollars was in our on offer. The lawyers had the dead man a 43-year-old engineer had a death wish. It would have chosen someone else to kill him. If he hadn't found Muse via the internet. You like this. So if you want to eat somebody go on the internet. You're fine. You'll find lots of people out there who are just Jones into being eaten. That's right. Trust me. Speaking of that, how's Joe Costello doing out there that joined out at whatever it is. See the wireless? Yeah, 250. No. Kind of slow down a little bit after we had that big bush that big rush. 250. When you know what like you said before, we'll take it. Which gives us 46,398. What do I say to begin today? Happy with 465. Right? What happened? You need 100, 102 bucks. Well, it might happen to my happy. You never know you've got other 25 minutes till too. Joe Costello was sitting there begging and pleading his entire career as hinging on it. Sing it a while as 1920 South University drive and Davey brings some toys and bring some cash for Band of Perversky and then little dogs and pretty cats. ABC News decision angers, Cassinucia and Brown. ABC News is it will stop having produces travel full time with a presidential campaigns of Kermosley, Brown, Dennis Cassinucia and Al Sharpton. How come he's not in the headline? I think it's a racial thing. Although she is, she's lighter. The network says it's a routine coverage decision but a Desangred Brown and Cassinucia especially after the Ohio congressman had a Test the exchange with ABC News's Ted Coffle during Tuesday's debate new hamster. I didn't see it, did you? No. Thank God. ABC said the change was designed a better deploy forces for the upcoming Iowa caucus and the first travel with the three candidates will continue to follow the campaigns by Phone even if these candidates don't frequently make it on the air on ABC News. The producers assigned them to contribute to the note. A widely read internet newsletter devoted to presidential politics and B.C. News has has young correspondence to sign to follow each of the nine candidates. CBS monitors each campaign but does never full time staffer with each. Cassinucia says while competing yesterday in New England College, I don't think ABC should be the first primary. The media is not going to be on a television network. Brown followed a following a former conquered high school in New Hampshire, since he was sorry to hear ABC News producer was leaving. If they don't want to help me get my message out, I have to find alternative ways to do it. I think it's a terrible commentary, however, on the state of the media, if they're the idea of democracy's only relating to those candidates for the most money. Fusin is criticized, coupled during Tuesday's debate for beginning with a question about the investment of Howard Dean. Later he was angry when copal asked whether he Brown and Churpet are in this sort of a vanity candidacy, because Senator applied, that may be he may be inconvenient for some of those in the media, but I'm sorry about that. There were really pissed off a couple's questions, but as an asshole. On Thursday, because Senator noted ABC's coverage decision in his criticism during the debate saying, if it's going to appear, ABC may have taken it personally. In other words, this was business and they're taking it personal at ABC. He should just go over it and just reach out and pull the couple's piece right off his head. And it's a good idea. I would've watched. I thought that was a comb over it. No, it's a... Are you ten-compo? Right? It's a how do you do any hairpiece, man? You better get with it. A comb over it. Man. Rush Limbois pulled away. I'm impressed. I'll tell you even I'm impressed by the astonishing. Lasting part, this is a top of crap. 90 votes. He's just rushing away from him and like they're lying in the prone position. I'm going to get more names on here before we leave for the weekend. At least 20, maybe... One there. Why not? There's probably some very anxious people we've left off here. Showed this figure. I bet you're going to be some people we have. I bet you're going to be some people that he lies in Manelli. Like her husband. Oh, I actually have been wondering about that. I can't stand lies in Manelli. She makes me sick. She makes me want to bar. Put her on there. Lies are freaking Manelli. So tired of all of her breakdowns and all of her husbands and all of her divorces. In fact, she's like, Liz, Jun, it lives Taylor light. Is what she lives as light. Liz light. That's kind of like that Jesus juice. W-what's in the light? What's in the light? Triaman, I know he's the moment of light. You? Yes sir. Are you a family? There you go. By the way, we're going to send Fatball to your house this weekend. He's going to take a gigantic dump right in the middle of your living room. He can rekindle your old friendship. W-what? Yeah, I speak to Neil. I got a good joke for him. There's a guy I want to speak to me with a good joke. I'll take it off here. W-what? Yeah, he's jobs from Heston there. Charlton Heston is not on there. Okay, Zagazan. That's a good one. I don't want to leave him on too long because he's a good guy but he's a little bit dewy. Get out of control again, Eca. Charlton Heston should be on there. Michael Moore just ate him for lunch. It was a beautiful thing. And look what I just wrote. I wrote Charlton Moore. You son of a- How about Clayton Moore in the long range, you're huh? What am I writing them down for anyway? This is all strictly in your hands. You and the Fatman, you and Eric. 21 till 2, we got the mad dog at 2, the Humperate 4, including the big Dave Wands that you would 5. How come he still the coach didn't even fire it already? Yeah. If they get blown up by the Eagles Monday now, which is the overwhelming likelihood they will. My prediction is that'll be by by per day of Wands Dad. That'll be the end. I could be wrong. I think he'll be the next one right on the heels of Dan Reaves. Maybe they can pop some so-called together. Panther PB would 7. We got the Panthers hosting the Irma. We got the first one. Oh yeah, the first 5,000 kids who come in. Whether you're pairing up. Are you serious about that? Two-headed doll. It's a two-headed monster. You got it. Really? I guess I gotta see it. Anyway, that's at 7.30. 80K follows the hockey game and we got ESPN radio overnight. So that's the agenda. Check out how much sugar they have. Now there's a great product that tastes great sugar free and it won't make you crack your brains out. And to rest I bet it's truly the best tasting the replacement drink. Ever formulated for people with diabetes and for people looking for a reduced sugar intake. It's a lot better than that Jesus do so to that. It's sweetened with splendor brand sucralose, so there's no nasty after taste like you with those drinks that use saccharine or aspertain. And rest I bet it's a complete balanced and traditional supplement that tastes great. It's fiber and antioxidants. It is low and saturated patent cholesterol. And rest I bet it's also gluten and lactose free. And 8 ounce can provides 237 calories of deliciously healthy nutrition that's internationally recommended by doctors and dietitians alike. So don't sacrifice proper nutrition when you're sure it on time. Try inter-reached diabetic once you'll never go back to the crap used to be drinkin' before. The makers of n-rext diabetic are so positive that you'll try that you'll love it that they wanted to let you try for free. That's right. Just for the asking, you'd have a sample of inter-rext diabetic. www.interrextibedic.com. That's E-N-T-E-R-E-X diabetic. All-one-word inter-rextibedic.com or call them at their toll free number and get yourself a free sample. 1-866-666-73739. That's 1-866-3683739. Tom the cranky will kneel, send you long for the delicious one. What's that number again to write this time? 1-866-3683739. 1-966-666-866. 2-866-666-866. 1-866-766-666-866. What's better than a live radio show every morning on TV? Just about anything but that hasn't stopped MSNBC from teaming up with radios original bad boy who now looks like an nasty old lady. Listen Friday! I'm a sell-in intern as a coffee shop! Yes! Every morning, see, I'm a swiss-n-to-a-tape of other people's county myths. Live on the air. I need a hammer to bite into this muckin' you know somebody who has question plate I guess. See his wild behind the scenes at it. I also think he's doing it silently. I'm annual walrus cookbook at you and I get me some fresh coffee or your fire. I'm a he's irreverent. So I wasn't able to pull. He's topical. So I wasn't able with his water game play. He's incoherent. I'll tell you what. That's a double of a person. What does that? I don't know. He's a good standy story. And he's only on MSNBC. A cable channel nobody watches. And a bunch of AM radio stations go. But he listens to them. That's somebody got some fresh jingles. It's Ivers. 147. Be sure of much that. Anyway, I was watching sexy beast. I was trying to relax then. I couldn't get in. What I don't think it's going to be like a beautiful mind where I started watching it. And I did the finish and turn out to be a name with movie. Well, think about beautiful mind is what's you realize what's going on. And then all of a sudden then becomes riveting. Right. But it takes a hell of a long time to get from here to there. Well, it pulls you. But sexy beast. We're Ben Kingsley plays this nasty hateful obnoxious thug. And Ray Winston is like retired from the thugry business. You know, no longer against it. And it seems like 90% of the movie depart that I was. He's just a bank case. He's trying to talk him and go, well, you're going to do this job. And you're going to do it. No, not. And they, you know, pounds I'm a little bit. And yeah, you are. And I'm not. And I'm just sitting around the pool. And yes, he is. And this one is banging his wife. And that's it. I just wish they would have named it something else. Well, a beast of course. That throws a dark shadow over to an entire thing. In fact, when he comes to work, it throws a dark shadow over most of the block. Beast will be full in for George next week. By the way, he'll be sitting in your chair. Well, I better swap it out then, huh? Maybe he'll leave you something. I'll say this about the beast is he never stank up chairs when he sat on him. Unlike. What? Some people we know. The action to say that. I was thinking about her. I was thinking about her. No, I'm not thinking about her. You're thinking about Josh treatment because you want to take another gratuitous shot of him. Sure. Where is he working now? Is he over running on 940 or something? I don't know. I'll go ask. Josh. Josh. Somebody can tell you. Josh. I'm telling you. Somebody mentioned his name. That he's working on one of these supposed sports stations in town or somewhere. Better than that. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all I can say. That's a stench. So sexy beast that you never saw. No, no, don't. Don't. Okay. But it's not what is what we said. So highly touted and it's just that maybe it's one of those you have to sit down on a rough and just become fixated. I can't stick with that. I never heard it highly touted. Who told you it was good. Well, I'm on a sleeve. It says. Well, they must be on the sleeve. They had to nerve to actually put raver views as opposed to people going to the truth like, hey, don't buy this. It really sucks. You know stuff like that. And that's in that. Yeah. Plus, that kind of had me the long facts before he was right. How could we have left off London when we did that pull last week where you find the ugliest people in the world? See, I was so inspired by my trip to Montreal. There really was focusing zeroing in on them. But the British are 100 times earlier than those grotesque trigbolites in Montreal. Well, you wouldn't believe it. You just, you couldn't even begin to imagine. The percentage of ugly people in Britain believe you may. I feel like a beautiful guy there, like a beautiful mind and behind. Man, are they grotesque? It must be a genetic thing. I like he said, take a look at the world family. Mm-hmm. But all the buck teeth, you know, and the big ears, the big says. And keep it mind, of course, the batten birx aren't British anywhere. They're German, which is really strange because the German people are beautiful. Most of them, 180, 180, 180, go to England. They got kicked out. So the ones who, maybe that's what Hitler did. All the ugly ones, they had a ship off the England. The go-am. WCQ-A-M. Oh, yes sir. All right. Listen to your, um, once it gets George Bush on that pole. So business figure, what show business figure? Yeah, George is George Bush on a pole. Uh, I'm so glad it's almost too o'clock. Like I said, these last three shows have just zipper out on by real quick. But, ah, I'm glad it's almost too o'clock. Ain't you? Oh, yeah, lots. We got a final total from Joe Custell, a lot here in T. He did more than 250, I'll bet your life on it. 320. See, I told you, 320. Not bad Joe. First, I'm going to recommend you for little, uh, grease ball. I threw away the final total of them. Boy, am I a, I got it. I got it. I got it, relax. Go ahead and say today, we had 45,000. I don't know what the hell we got. We had 45,000, 45. We did 503 yesterday, right? Okay. I'm trying to, like, keep, ah, I don't feel it. Whatever. Like I'll worry about that. Let me give it to you. I'll stuff that I do. Okay. After he skins a little. After he won. What? What? You pick it on Miguel again? No. I bet he's back there. Cherry picking all of that crap that, uh, that other one used to, like, uh, take on, let's hope. Yeah. Are we going to see her again? Who? The one that used to be there in promotions that we can't talk about because she's suspended, but we're not supposed to be mentioning you on the air. I don't know what you're talking about. Oh. No. We are no one good thing. We like Torres Stratford on this program. All right. Okay. Troy to boy. We like him a lot. We like to rub his bald head. He's like a slightly darker, complicated Buddha. Just keep it down to a two drink minimum. That's right. He just can't handle his booze. That's all. And he can't handle certain other things. All right. Plus the side of the side of screw-in probably like set him off. It's your works for me. It sits me off right outside the door. Big news. Hall of Patti at GMC is now autocity Patti at GMC of Pinecrase. Expect the same great Neil deos and custom as satisfactory for custom too. Right now as I speak. At autocity of Pinecrase. It's an end of the occurrence there when all remaining 2003's in stock. Take advantage of zero percent financing for the city too much or save yourself $9,000 with rebates and incentives. Attention least customers ask autocity of Pinecrase about their lease pull ahead or determination program. When in doubt they'll help you pull it out. There's even work-grade Neil deos at the new autocity Patti at GMC of Pinecrase. For a limited time just sign and drive home. Your brand new GMC C-Row with absolutely no money down. It's the brand new autocity Patti at GMC of Pinecrase. 134-01-Septix-E-Highway that's US-1 across from the falls. Open every Stink in Day 7 days a week. If you want more info on those great deals called the Neil deos at the Hotline toll free 1-Trival 8, 534-42-11. That's 1-Trival 8-53-4-42-11 keep in mind. All offers subject to credit approval. See the folks at autocity Patti at Fortittales. The brand new and thrilling autocity Patti at GMC of Pinecrase. Low prices with no high pressure. 5-Trival 8-53-4-42-11. You ain't. It's Friday, you bastard. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. I'm a fan of the new GMC. EEMD stratgies. EEMD Multiple Part-4 Silicon. Marusica Famos. Some won't argue each day that video. I often give concerts to all of the GMC and give. Maybe so guys, guys. Nintendo Fusion 3. Beauty Fl. Liam pieces. And some well-known DJ sert listeners.  Tiny Force Apple headset. Black Vector Studios Fox Fabrace11 Danckon Emmanuel WWE VAA, they've made major cuts in local news programming in personnel, they've eliminated two local talk radio programs and, goodbye to the news people. Following the cuts on Monday, longtime Chief Channel Wheeling News reporter Dave Demerist resigned announcing his decision on the year live. Program changes worst scheduled take place in with a second B.E.A.1 up to him. Right before Christmas, Tom Digger waited for a whole bunch of people up, as ClearChannel once again, he says, a post-air child for corporate greed in America. There isn't seem to be any compassionate little guy, and, as said, we're, of course, for serving community interests. And, because we're almost out of time, a man apparently shot himself at that early day on the X in the Daily Plas Daily Plas that marks the spot where President Kennedy was assassinated 40 years ago. Are you ready for that? loser. Witnesses say they saw a man in a camouflage jacket holding a gun on his chest and lying in the middle of the street on the spray painted X. The unofficial memorial maintained by the publisher of a local conspiracy theory publication I can honestly see I've seen it all said Ron Rice works with a nearby conspiracy museum in downtown Dallas. They ain't no conspiracy man, Rice is leading the poll so far, hands down. Whicho business figure gives you the biggest pain in the ass. Rice limbo 112. We gave everybody else a, like a standing start to him. They had a running start. He passed him like they were laying down. He was your Donald 76 Michael Jackson 74. The on Sanders 40, J. L. 35 and Colbert's got, but third man and a mad dog's coming up next and nobody don't like the mad dog. He put it in your mouth. It doesn't stick to your tongue. Absolutely. No. Exactly. In my mouth. Alright.