Neil I'm having a minute twenty naked woman. Daddy for me. I heard that little crack. I'm not a crack And what about square Anne? How's that book coming she's got a crack? How about my one of the stink? It's not in book pain. You know let's apply it on my wrapper one I just had keen and on and I was seen and yeah, so my keen and then I told them I was wearing my Dougie Gilmore A road blue leaf sweater. I thought he was impressed. I thought he was morning when I put her on Maybe the panthers on the sign dirty Gilmore up we can't do it here. Maybe they ought to send him out I bought over six on the power play and how about three shots in the third period? How about I'm getting their ass kicked in Ottawa again tonight? Oh, yeah, I didn't want to say that to Mike. So I asked him instead what is favorite fish was the Yeah, and how's it? Did he say snapper? Do you know the river up there what's it called? He gave me the name of it. What was the name? I don't know. There's a little little nile or whatever that runs through Ottawa and all the little kids in their family skate on Rascal me. I don't know here's a crap about Ottawa when people live their hate it like poison. No, they don't Yeah, they do no they don't. Ottawa sucks. No, it doesn't and they're gonna build a new state and for the marlins in Ottawa It's a great time for how do you like to fact that if they do build this thing in Miami, which they will they're gonna call it the Miami Marlins? I like the it's around how better than Ottawa, but I think it was a cool little town I'll say that time I think I never sucks They say happens in such by the government's and was cooler than Calgary Yeah, well Calgary is a bunch of a stand-peders man or what her redneck's young who's a bunch of trucks right maybe How about there but they have a bar there called Cowboys with a bunch of let's just call them Husse's Yeah, and it was unbelievable doing the two-step with a bunch of hockey players that get your own website Let's hear it on time for Crannell love yeah, it took me a lot of money too because You know, I just wanted to have a cool sight where I could you know like you make money the differences that you give all your security I'm gonna keep all mine. Yeah. Yeah, well, I've nothing wrong with that. No, I just like you You know, hey, no, I don't know I don't just like you all your filth and pornographic crap on your website You have to sit on the ear you have to say ass you get there right now I'm just like you. I'm following in your footsteps I'm now building and I've had one before in my garage, which was my garage days revisited studio But I'm building a studio in Boko Excellent. Yeah, I get Then I way you won't have to see monome Exactly, and I get saved every day. I see the Jew You just you know, you still do a job with him. Hey to clockers kidding. No, I don't ever talk to him anymore. Are you serious? Yeah, why would I? Absolutely I just have nothing to say to him And you know what I didn't take long boys and girls all those people who thought it was just me and George Just said everybody else in a building. I don't have anything against him. I just I just don't seem to I have better days when I just have a wedding Yeah, I don't have anything to say to the guy other than you know have a nice trip and I hope I don't see it to Wednesday Yeah, when the dog is late town. I know he doesn't work Never So it's great whenever they're on the road I'm having a party because I know that was the best thing about coming back from vacation usually it's kind of a downer after you have a good vacation Right, but he wasn't there Monday or Tuesday because he was in 10 p.m I thought this is great. I actually wish that he would have caught on fire or his hair in San Diego He's the must-rad Yeah, you're gonna end in great his his hair is just like those trees They're filled with beetles More Howard David ahead of have a flaming must-rad removed the surgically from his head. Here's us making Fire noises in the studio this story with managers. He like under the weather is the on vacation He's off again today and tomorrow. He's got a he really learned well. I'll tell you that You know he's a millionaire who cares what he takes days off You know, he admits that I'm his mentor. I taught him how to work like about two days a year and get paid like big bucks Why do you I don't know what he's like I'm doing everything that you've taught me Yeah, you're the hate everybody and and the other day Yeah, I better be named I just follow everything Give me and then how many? If I don't answer five you survived the initial cramp there. You're gonna okay I'm I'm trying to go into the radar. I love but I I I promise with the feds. Let's see and then Let's see. Don't say oh, tonight I'm going to a party if it's a yes I was a night's the ratings party Here and everybody's invited. I'm gonna be given a location a little bit later give me my buddy Greg having a cocktail. What that be beautiful Yeah, hey, what do you have in Scott rocks You know it's great day and fight everybody to a bar to get loaded and then drive your press by those suits that he wears You know those works brother suits he really impresses them. Yeah, you know my dad buys Brooks brothers and I buy he who go and I buy actually I have a guy in Atlanta that makes me suits and And when he makes him he gets drunk with me, so it's even better in there Unless I go on being able to afford to get a decent haircut I go to the lead. She's but I go to Toronto to buy my suits. I swear to God Really yeah, two for one dude. Why wouldn't I? I get thousand dollars with the suits for five hundred by the Eden Center I don't want to get Paul the old Ronald upset and talk about the fact that it's sunny and beautifully And it's gonna be 59 to the insistiate tomorrow in Toronto. I'm gonna start doing Toronto weather reports I hope you do like my show because you know in about a month and a half it won't be 58 and 60 there. I speak in by the way speaking of Paul and old Ron. I'd like to see you know this last rating book where we did such a great Guys, did I lost to no seriously? I want to see the abraightens my mufflands the Encourage between the two of them. They've really laid down on the job I don't have any of the muffles. I don't have the hour by hour like you against them and me against I OD. Yeah, I have nothing here. Well, the difference between I think that instead of switching around down there when he was the fantasy fifth and maybe Muppo get off for lazy Assun send me some you know reasonable crap lazy ass. Yeah lazy ass. I don't think it's a lazy ass I They had all those to have advertising and but stir the meat if those guys are probably doing the old ass to ask right now How many how many people do you think know that they turn this back on clearance don't ever turn your back on a beast Not a good idea. How much do you think we suffer being on am radio Neil? How what percent? I'm third man literally how much is it if we were on FM if we were on power 96 Can you imagine what we could do with that signal we could have double digits you and I would have 15 shares That's right. Why is it that these lead doesn't spend any money on billboards and advertising and buses and all that? Did we did have billboards back in the spring until I showed up and then this was you showed up We couldn't afford them anymore. Yeah, but now all you want to know why I'm a share behind the S. I'm actually with see that me there would be good if we just Schmidt can't I'm a set of if we Schmidt can't mow We took the money that we're paying him that half a million a year We could like buy a lot of billboards with that for the right already number I know it doesn't matter here at the state but he's got these huge 18 to 30 bars And one day I drove home and I went he don't I must be getting old but then I realized when you're on a eight all the kids are at school at 7 30 And there's no kids listen to me or college kids are in class eight of cognitive mornings on class starts And so I have his retired unemployed Bong smoking purverts All right, that's my crowd of things. I love your crowd You know it most is that I bought a big fat Shale right near heaven and he's in the little Everything could to him and peck what you ought to do every day just have like a picture of your house and just stick it just hold it up in front of my He should see my and did here last night had a bunch of little hoodlums attack me at my house and They they they and knocked my door with like that karate kicking the raw dressed as navy See those they called it they were they were all over the freaking they were in the bushes What was that all right? I run I could I determine it burn the city down all right I love three Halloween violence they could only improve Detroit on things I got a run I just farted it it really smells okay having great day Scott Well congratulations get a life Don't people didn't see who care I grabbed the movies I did it all miss California I spoke and I swear We were saying I Bible them you all it was like 33 But that don't care and the water okay because now I'm done the whole potato on the California Well I use not like my muscle and I use not love my sex I'm very I guess the waters didn't care that I may fall those big mouth which is Your harness with your public and you tell them you had a Bible screen Trust me therefore give you like it Me and the lecture to the geod Isn't he changed in the song He's the man take this old bad man super Mario brother never had a thrill Carables don't bother start a mouth and make it in his little pack man on the way Oh, because it's a little teeny tiny holes I'm the victor I'm the winner and my heart white is a Kennedy And now I'm done the rope on the other of the California geod Oh Oh, I love the way that just builds out 10 past 10 at 5 60 WM happy Thursday. Today. We got a best vanilla van hit today 11 to one Will me Miguel will be a ding and dead solutions He's there right now What do you mean by that? He's there right now. Well, why's that? They just think up there Well, it says 11 to one so is he gonna stay there for one? Yes, indeed all right now till one Oh, Miguel's trying to make up for last time nice going sweetheart from now to one o'clock He's a ding and dense solutions at 370 soundtics. You highway that's on the north east corner I called Boca Brian to see if he wants to take his accurate out there to see if they can fix the other snack job that the car wash guys did Yeah, because I'm gonna wind up paying for it and he said he didn't call back So hey, Boca Brian They're both a Brian idiot and the addition which I didn't get nothing from him this week either or last week when I was away Let me say it again on the northeast corner of Luzun and US one from not all one o'clock He's there right now with our best in the emergency nice including the more Howard David did Key chains and our best in the LCD for a last year in this year and What else are we got we got T-shirts? I don't think he has him on there. Oh First 10 people who make that $20 donation to abandon per rescue get a pair of tickets to see the heat and the distance tomorrow for opening night at the Mickey Erison downtown we don't want to go there arena That great let's just start naming all the stadiums all the teams rather after wherever the stadium is Or they could that get a sponsor like the American Airlines arena? Yeah, they could be the budget reddacard marlins or they could do like in-ron field and get a sponsor that goes bankrupt Then out of business then have to change it to refinement it's like like that place in Philadelphia That's got was told me about what they played last night the pantas got their asswift that used to be Was it the spectrum? No, no, that's another building that would that's next door, but this one's already been the course Or the calm cast whatever it's been like five different things already. Yeah, it has so the oh and before we continue with the show I'm looking at this we got to do the break already because for I was Really wound up today, which is fine. Nice God Scott you to man, baby You are safe here make no mistake about it when I come back to town. I'm building a statue. I'm not personally, but I'll pay for it We'll put it right there in the lobby right in front in fact we can stick it right in front of our fruit cake Is that a good idea? Who's that? Fruit cake your friend freaky Carlos, so nobody has to see him on a step off that elevator Most people when it could the elevator opens on a third floor They see that and they turn around and walk on It's part of one thing about QA and man every day is Halloween and our lobby with fruit cake So was it just about to say that was so damn important about the forrel? That you're gonna build a nice sculpture to it now before that I had well we'll do the break I got a book. I got a book that you absolutely must not buy In fact I got the book that you must buy and read and that's dude Whereas my country Michael more and when you must not buy I'll say that to the break don't it only been think about it I am so pissed off a doctor Arthur Agatston You really frost my ass you silly person you talk about an exploiter and a user in a bandwagon jumper and a total piece of crap Your book blows man just a puppy's for all his buddies on South Beach and all the favorite restaurants He's probably getting a free meals that all those restaurants now. So did you like it? You know what it is? It's a freaking recipe book. It just makes me sick to my stomach. I want a puke And the other thing for name is almost the like doctor. Agatston. It's that I probably change his name for crying I'll probably not Seriously Just a coincidence I guess just a rip off and a bad piece of crap don't waste money on this garbage Man, all that does have a nice glossy cover 1013 at 560 WQAM how about those Miami Marlin? Oh, let's hear it. We got our pool. We got the Harold pool. We got a good Linda Robinson article from yesterday, which is about time Linda Hey imagine this imagine zero closing costs zero application fees zero credit bureau fee Zero discounted points. It's the last mortgage you'll ever be needing in your life The revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group now with interest rate. It just 1.95% Which means if you have a $200,000 loan as an example you pay only 738 bucks a month and once you be finance your good new home mortgage from financial group You'll never pay closing costs again 1 800 940 land is a number to call to get all the information grab yourself real financing power the low Great mortgage. You can move to your next property without any further cost or expense Only one mortgage from financial group call 1 800 940 land for the tails. It's a whole new and smart way to buy There's zero underwriting fees. There is zero dock fees zero prepam and pedally zero closing costs even when you moved one other property Get financing it just 1.95% like I said never ever pay closing costs again Call financial group today and tell me crusty old Neil pointed call toll free 1 800 940 land That's 1 800 940 L-E-N-D either an equal housing lender restrictions apply rates up to change monthly 5.19 APR 43056 Want to bang in the butt honey okay Tonight on animal planet emergency fence creep out of the tiger was seems to be the problem I think he's choking us something let's have a look Oh my god, it looks like it is he's choking on some kind of food Tiger's Tony fruits. That's what's agreed more thought that's tonight on animal planet emergency Betts a by the buy and these animal bowel movements. Oh my god. He's got fruit coming out the was who what? I meant the tiger 10 18 at five 60s big of that illusion is Roy Horne of sick freedom Roy was moved yesterday to a two day. How come the story took so long get into a CBS news? I don't know to a new hospital almost a month after a tiger attacked him during that sold out performance as people said Horne 59 had been and who gave you these numbers to fangs me by the way doubt I thought my final you could do it's we'd already pulled him out of his ass Back to him. Oh man What I touched them. Oh, and here's monthlies and Yeah, it's a good thing I've only got the copies because he pulled these obviously right out of his act We could probably also use the numbers for big so we could see how it's sperm digging Civil life in morning Paul and old Ron kicked a for else ass Can you believe that? I'm just buried in stuff here you ought to see this. I got buried in crap buried in a sea of crap What a way to go though? Horne 59 have been intensive care of university medical center in Vegas till he was transferred to an LA medical facility UMC's Nevada's only top level trauma center Pulices Dave Kurvin declined to say where he was taken or discuss his condition in other words. They're not talking I'd be like that if you want to see an actual photo of the tiger attack of tickers attack on a Roy You can go to our website yourrangers.com and see an action Figure going on there. It's a beautiful thing Roy. Why it's the funniest thing ever. It's the best thing in history here's for Lauderdale. Hello Good man. Yeah, I love you. Yeah, Sam When I talk to you about that book What book is that the South Beach diet? Oh, no Here's a thing Neil. Um, I respect your opinion and I I call it the book and the the puff piece about the South Beach Northwest they don't need any advertising as far as Austin's fair, but I mean I never bought a I never bought a diet book to follow a Reptitive book every day book that's ever made and here's and here's much to here's life take on it I don't care about I don't care about recipes. I don't follow the recipes, but it really It educated me on you know the How your body reacts to certain things and I mean I never thought about your act Seriously, but I'm gonna ask you something that I'm assuming you have way to lose, right? Yeah, well when you said educated you on something what what kind of a diet is it when it all it has There's a bunch of recipes it doesn't give you any guidelines it doesn't say what to huh? It does Where's that? Um, right before the recipes it tells you listen to Right before the recipe that tells you what you can and what you can't have now I can see getting discouraged about all those stupid ass recipes because most of the stuff sounds like crap Anyone I wasn't making or feel there and eat it anyone No, no, no wait a minute for Jay you're talking about where says foods to enjoy and foods to avoid But that doesn't really give you any guidelines. This is just basically a whole bunch of revenues Well again, I didn't go by the menus. I went by the guideline and You know reading how your body reacts to certain things how real sugar right Good, but we don't see but you never bought any other diet book. I was just jumping on every every other diet book That's ever been written will give you the glycemic index It'll give you all the stuff so I'm an answer about time beatings in about carbs and we find carbs 95% of diet books will tend to all of that stuff. There's nothing revolutionary You still got to raise it and I agree with you the book is probably crap in a way It's just a rip off of pumpkins man. It's the most flagrant rip off ever seen the only thing He says is what latkins recommends too much saturated fat and an official It's just a lot for an akin to the I don't know if you have to do I never follow a diet. I probably like you You know I'll break that against a fish with ice cream or something else Yeah, I'm actually able to follow you know that you know what I'm going to do In other words you're losing weight on it. I lost like 10 pounds and I don't like go off the diet And eat hot crispy cream don't look like I want It just has it's helped me but like you said you could buy another diet book Yeah, basically do exactly the same thing. You know what the key is though if it works for you keep it up Exactly like just like you said it would be with the ass and diet and what I'm buying the Fun part of the diet is the only rip off all the recipes because honestly as you ever fall in your recipe and diet But no How that help could you how could anybody in a right mind especially a man how can unless you're a gourmet cook? How could anybody almond ricotta cream You've got all these eating five degrees oriental cabbage salad with the five different ingredients and Somebody some of the recipes knew you're going to have like 20 different ingredients to make it I wouldn't do it but just just In closing as far as that the dessert is there and I sugar from jello I mean it works for me. Yeah, yeah, I get a little sweet. You know little stuff something and it works for me But there's a lot of the recipes. I'm really nasty. I would try to stir it behind it Seriously the theory behind it is a good idea If you never had a bad cook rip out all the recipes and it'll take you to eat something else Okay, keep it up. Okay, okay Okay, look at this Dill drill trim center with herb drill dressing Just in the shrimp. There's two for their six ingredients there and the herb drill dressing two four six eight Who do we appreciate 10? I love 12 ingredients there so you talked about almost 20 ingredients just to make their recipe Yeah, nobody in our mind is gonna do that you ever make billbread and as far as the foods to enjoy and foods to avoid There's nothing new there. There's nothing revolutionary This is acenes all over again only he throws in a few more vegetables that's all and not quite so much Heavy on a fat it's just modified anacons There's nothing at all new in here like I said it. I mean all died books have got some recipes in here, right? Oh, I've got a little bit of that But I would say about I mean From after the first 100 pages in here the whole rest of the guy damn book is nothing but a bunch of guy damn recipes It's a rip off how much is this piece of crap 24 out of five US 34 95 Canadian aid that I wasted my money on Jesus Christ in Joseph and it's the South Beach diet Now and I said bread to one country hand. He's probably the only one we've got the book in our audience I'm glad it's doing well for him, but for me forget about it. I'm just I'm Fulming at the bottom so tired of fat people including me being exploited by people want to pedal some goddamn book Whether it's Suzanne summers, you know, I don't I don't to be grudge doctor bomb because he's dead Right now and he wasn't a nice guy. You're right. He was kind of a shmit head in a real arrogant But but the fact that a matter is he was way ahead of his time right how many years ago he came up with a concept I think the idea that these refined carbohydrates turned to sugar in your body and they're gonna kill you and he's right He was absolutely right and now that now that he's dead, they're saying oh, you know what it really works Oh, what a deal and you're trying to summarize come way down and you're above your car cholesterol comes way down without taking those dangerous statin drugs in fact that's another thing This doctor and here he's he's piloted out in those statin drugs He takes him Dr Arthur Agotson you remember Dr McColle kill McCulle in whatever his name was yeah Yeah, with a homo-sistine in the follow-pholic acid He tells you about the uh, not those they're killing you Allers the statin drugs a zoco or in the lovestatin and the premise statin and the up your ass statin Statin island all of that crap all of these things what am I getting worked up about? I'm just I'm just tired of people being exploited because we're fat give us something give us something to eat There you go. Yeah, give us something good a dammit to how it all is other crap True feel buckless legs went that round rollings ball He has topped up its form from bad to worse and it's low because of the bamboo curse The red thoughts had it made Sweet new they made that they've written Why you're the running job and the Traditionary under Boston it just has joke 10 30 at five 60 W to Q I am happy a Thursday to it don't forgive a y'all's out there now We'll want to clock ding and then solutions three 70s out that see how in northeast corner Lzun us one first 10 people to make the $20 donation of the a band of per rescue and get some of our crap Get a per tickets to the heat the tried pistons gained or an eye opening night at the Mickey Eris and Arena 1 to 422 arena's in stadiums were gonna be having a bond day county very soon So let's see now a mole actually beat old Ron and young Paul In that the first hour can you believe that I need the numbers for big would be helpful month that would be really good those hourlies for big WB GG I don't think we can see Howard sperm and who's side by Hsibram saying what would be nice sure? Did you see the whopping September that we had? Yeah, pretty huge Huh pretty huge on that's 10 to three right eight point nine. I mean we did over a nine Well, that's nothing new we always used to do that now that we're back in 10 to two not We're back in a right time a lot another Greg is coming back to his senses So don't be dicking around with it no mole this year in fact this coming here. That's a new year's resolution for 2004 Don't mess with a line up no mole Next good idea. Okay. No, seriously just at least to the next year leave it alone don't keep tinkering and tinkering And screw it around the audience likes familiarity even if it's somebody they hate look at mole Absolutely can't stand it but now they's been there for a while or like warming up to him a little bit not much 5.3 in a six o'clock hour and the Ron and ancient Paul who hate me like poison and by the way the feeling is mutual and You're still like a higher your up hall 5.5 oh we beat him like a little bit then they just kick ass look at at 6 9 at 7 o'clock 7 48 As opposed to most week 4 7 and the for else 5 8 and 5 3 you follow those numbers No, so from 7 a 10 they just kicked our ass So that's something to be said for them. I have no idea why I know show what I think Promote because it's on at them That might have something to do with it as in flying mantras So we'll get those a big numbers. I'm sure I'm sure that Muck is working on it feverously right now Fox sports they didn't do squat they had two zmedicus of our non sports show so the sports nerds some of them Over there, but other than that they didn't do crap a boy we sure had an impressive September all the way around. That's nice Now let's see here's a look Should we dispense with that chronic in mirror mar here's mirror mar hello? I'm calling about a disability something about the S.F.D.S.D.S diet Yeah, a friend of mine while I work his mother actually wrote it And the doctor that's on the book name Yeah, he just bought it for Marcia. He doesn't even really you didn't even come up with this thing It's just some normal lady that uh just kind of changed around the act and died you know I mean so it's all absolutely That's what I was it thanks for the info pali How why did you put chronic on there? We never heard from that guy before Oh, I know I'll stop put him on her because he's trying to get my attention because he wants to thank the holiday of police department Yeah, yeah, he never's to say something I'm giving it that opening you could drive a Mac truck through with there You have a freight train which they never stole through it. Yeah, they're still all right with us. Okay A lot of words he got the impact both Scott Scott speeding tickets this morning our Scott and for all both got speed I go past them I I mean what's the speeding ticket what do you give you ticket for being a leader alien also being redress? Thank you pardon now this is this is interesting George and company It's a renewal and company. It's a good morning Good morning. I have a poll idea for you. Maybe you think so too. Most embarrassing moment Yani, yeah Mitch and son right not bad Mitch and son right. I'll put it under my pile of polls under my poll pile I was starting to say before we get interrupted by Scott who wants to suck up to the hell in the police don't suck up too much Any Rosenberg will sick him on your ass okay, and then you really be in deep crack. I'll make a note of it The interesting part about our poll against the Harold poll Now there's a poll on a Harold website which I'm assuming was in the esports section of the paper Or maybe it's one of those polls that's only on their website. I don't know But obviously it appeals to the sports nerds because you have to click sports and go to the sports crap in order to get courts right and the question they ask is should the marlins get a new stadium 310 people voted as of about an hour ago when I printed this on No way they don't need it 145 5% but you know this should the Marlok and his damn they're not saying how they're gonna get it Who's gonna pay for it so the question is worded week? Although not with taxpayer money 811 26% sure they did so well I don't mind paying right 151 34% and only if they don't dismantle the team 113 votes 35% so the Positive 69% to 31 You see what I'm saying 60% say oh, yeah sure sure As long as they don't take the team apart and they're willing to lose that extra $40 million Last season which I'm really a dubious about that our poll we had 1159 votes Which is pretty good considering it's only one little crappy AM radio show and a god-day and prestigious Harold had 310 votes see? Not too bad really Plus a lot of our people can't vote on this thing cuz a lot of our people are fools They have a well. I'm sorry about that get with a give it a a well. They suck it Who should pay for a new stadium for the marlins? We asked 1159 votes only the team on his 513 44.2% almost half people said oh, yeah, they want to build it great We'll maybe show up and maybe not blue cares No stadium no way Jose 180 people 15.5% the suckers in date 166 14.3% only people who don't speak English on earth 164 14.1% the taxpayers only 79 That's only 6.8% of our audience. Oh, yeah one of the taxpayers should pay for the stadium and Only the people of the games 57 4.9% out of 159 now some of the people would respond by saying well That's because it's your show Neil and you're so negative Well, what is the last time that anything that I had to say had anything to do with the result on our poll? I mean once in a while I would read with the result, you know the end result of the polls No, usually they they vote the opposite just to be bastard. No, no, I mean they vote however They were and they feel they're all anonymous. It's anybody who's out there in radio land They don't follow the leader they own coup step along. I only wish that I could go step them along What did I mention that we beat the crap out of rush Not it I glossed by this which I shouldn't have done I still don't have those big ourlies which I'm sure you know It's a little beyond myself. They're cooking them up right now. Are they cooking them? Yes, well, seriously You want to know the rush numbers From noon to three we had a 7.7 share a 7.5 and a 7.3 okay, okay I OD had a 607 1167 we beat them all three hours That was when he was still on every way went into it to dry out Let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's I wonder what Todd Rex gonna think about that oh rush beat kneel Yeah, he hates you too In fact rush limbo The entire QM sales department told me so personally before just before he went in So anyway, look at those big numbers, but we're pretty pleased with that fact it was a smash-ass book I noticed that the cue mine down, but I like the winner is this new ship one way of which means we have a lot of Very loyal Thank you so much and keep it out baby. We need your help because believe me we got Greg read and don't forget you're invited to QM party night the ratings party But it's gonna be it It's gonna be new and pepper pines and it's gonna be two a PM Right, right? Well, we're the public and we don't know It's a little positive operation and we might have a bunch of free loaders show up Maybe the guy would he eyes would show up? Maybe that crazy the guy with a hand like that anyway, huh? They can't come in anyway. Why not the place will be closed except for us? Well, that's what you think they'll knock the dough down to get in I was for upbringing is 34 cents oh no a boy is only Is but he was threatened to bring her in. I know I talked about it. I'm gonna leave the rest of her home, but he's bringing her ass No bitch is allowed All in scurray and can't be there. Oh, she's an employee. Oh Scurray and book. It's gonna pass that South Beach dive like a withstand and still I'll get back to that book because it really pisses me off Now the guy that called he was right in all fairness in fact I even ear a dog dog You're marked it dog here. I think I did Yeah, heard is it's got it's got two pages foods to enjoy foodstour boy. Well, that's great Like foodstour boy, starches and carbs bread cereal, manta oatmeal rice all types pasta all types pastry and baked goods all types How about candy? How about our bread and if you're looking at foods to enjoy Candies hard sugar free chocolate powdered no added sugar. What is chocolate powder cocoa powder? No, no chocolate powder all right That's this cocoa powder baking type just enjoy it sure, but look at the 75 calories a day Fudsy cold sugar free those racks are pretty good. Yeah, no absolutely Jell-in sugar free gum sugar free which of course is low to bed server tall Okay, have a sense of stomach like some of us will be crap in your brains Popsicle sugar free those ain't bad and sugar substitute, but I mean chocolate powder Wouldn't know added sugar. What what does that mean? I don't know sweetened. Oh, we'll tine I have no idea so on foodstour avoid for example. He doesn't even have uh, oh, it's just it's just silly It's a thunderstorms and carbs. Why doesn't it have like ice cream candy all these things huh? I don't I don't see that under foodstour vote. I'm looking. I don't see it avoid all fruits and fruit juices Apples Africa's berries catalog grapefruit peaches pairs anybody out there want a big pair So that's to deal and this book just though it pisses me off. I'm sick and tired You have to draw the line in the sentence. You've exploited us enough already a spad people We're desperate. We're sick and tired of this crap and quit pedalous a bunch of bullcraft It's just atkins warmed over and very poorly done I Support video five six Oh Now the longest running motion picture musical in history has been reimagined for the 21st century Cherry Brookheimer presents so vests are still own in You're how you go As you met my It's landing your boy the rocky horror picture show your follow you look with a good enough fish net stockings You're giving better nagerate. You got a nice tight little oh what I say It's just a punch to the net Then a horse to the right You'll make you way through a rice of me Has it just got married rock Yeah, but Mickey away through a rice of it to load his back as Rocky Fenderbowa the Rocky Horror picture show 2003 absolutely Coming really really strong straight to radio Absolutely 1046 and five 60 WQ and happy Thursday to issue we take that call on the gables. Yes, roll gables hello Coral gables Inel yes, sir. What's going on? How you doing? How is your vacation? It was excellent. All right, so uh, when starts coming back He's not I think you do further vacation Yeah Get up. What's higher? Just for a while we only get assholes from crowgables. I was just thinking that before I punched it up. I thought it's required to call from the gables because we never I don't think all the years have been on the airway. We ever had like a rational call at all from crowgables It's always some ocean provocateur asshole. I think it's an ordinance city ordinance Is that what it is? You must be an asshole when crowgables. I'm sure that's possibly what it is and keep it that's the explanation Just like they don't lie like no a pickup trucks and you're a driveway and no a ducks and no a peacocks and no Rational people Team to become I'my Marlin's estate him is built in the city The Florida Marlins are agreed to change their name to the Miami Marlins at the city builds the world to his champions the new ballpark That was great one that probably was that was probably Dr. Agots than Savoy friend Wait till I retie I read you this little blur You know in a back inside the leaf cover Arthur Agots and MDs a cardiologist who has served on committees of yadiyadiyadiyadiyadiyadiyada And isn't that he lives in Miami Beach with his wife sorry and their two children that's already our eye Sorry, he ought to say I'm sorry This is the number one New York Times best cello this half-beats diet the delicious doctor designed full-proof plan for fast-healthy weight loss If you've got about 40 hours a day to go in a kitchen and just cook up a storm or if you want to go eat it all of his favorite restaurants like Jo Stone crab And not only does he list the restaurants but there's the picture of the executive chef and some of the restaurants He's got like their whole life story in there like the blue door at Delano at the 1685 Collins Avenue Miami Beach with the executive chef Elizabeth Barlow and a whole story about the equisine and the Decor and where the tea rooms are and here's the the China grill for all four walks in Avenue Miami Beach Christian Plactic I'll make your pots He's the chef there whatever and what is that whoever heard of such a thing So in other words if you live on South Beach or anywhere within driving this since you can really get some of these like the Asian Paracelah that the China grill The Roomy supper club a 330 Lincoln road Miami Beach with the executive chef Scott Fredell and JD Harris Looks a little bit like Roy Wow This is this is a fraud as far as I'm concerned for where my ass is sitting this book to me is I'm not saying that it couldn't work for you But what what's new here? What's the deal? Foods to enjoy lean cuts of beef woo Sir line tenderloin top round poultry all types of fish and selfage. We already know this This is atkins all over again With a few more vegetables in the beginning and with Not quite as much fat. It's exactly it's just a rip off of the icons Dr. Bob is rolling in his grave and this is the number one year times best seller because of fat people are desperate Team president David Samson said that date county and Miami City officials requested the name changes part of the negotiations for new stadium It was something Marlon's owner Jeffrey Lory and I had no problem with Samson said yesterday It was not an negotiating point. You know what else he said? We want the world series. That's what he said wait And people couldn't but they were a gas they were shocked at the sound of that boy. We want the world series They were just their their eyelids were drooping Miami City manager Joe Ariola said yesterday the name change has been part of the negotiations all along It has to be Miami Marlon's and that's all there is to a the agreed with it. It's a bet that's it like it or not stuff it Miami date mayor Alice Pinga Piccini has said any stadium deal will be predicated on changing name from Florida to Miami So I guess we have to have the Browork white if that's the case. Let's play hard ball hard puck right Scott sure about the the Broward Panthers Right, right Or the sunrise how about the sunrise Panthers then aren't as in a city of sunrise Yes sunrise Panthers they really blow They're gonna be let's all get together and go what they're gonna be the Sanders tonight. No, they're not five one again I already had my premonition out of a five Panthers one. I hate to say that because I like to seem to well He's like to see hockey stick around in Florida, but it's just you know, it's like bowling in Czechoslovakia just doesn't compute Here's the a pull question for today Oh and and the guy to call yesterday it was give me a lecture just like his last asshole from the gables A lot of assholes out there which we enjoy a lot on the show. That's one of the reason so many people listen It was given a selector about well, you know there's four billion dollars a year for the brigade County School The story about by the umptious buddy nevens at today's son Sentinel lack of money delays maillings of 80,000 Broward voter cards. I realize that's in Broward, you know It's just a classic example of the kinds of things that we don't have money for in dating Broward and Palm Beach and all over the In place so get your priorities straight now is what I was suggest here's today's poll question What song is so annoying you never want to hear it again? Now I don't I really probably shouldn't say What inspired me for this poll? Oh come on If you just got through a plan with One of our fine spots is which I'm sure I don't know what to do with it I just I don't want to hear this no more, you know what I'm saying? Oh one more time with what one more time no this hour I'd rather I'd rather crow I'd rather go eat at the edge. Don't crash I'd rather go buy another coffee just a little bit I could do a couple of hours You know that hour or a horn Nothing worth an assala horn believe me Oh, I'm gonna play a lot with my comment paper Oh You Okay, that's enough. Oh man that was my choice. I don't want to hear it. I cannot stand it It's part of the whole pre-fabricated world that America has become everywhere you go Every stadium every venue even you go to a meal. Do you know somebody has a birthday party to start going to start playing that? Rock and roll part one Gary glitter and the other one that came to mind was promenery from CCR for back in my Zeta days. I added to Okay, let's hear what they are sweethold Alabama. Oh come on. I like sweethold Again, that's your choice. What up in the south? They just beat you the death sweet home. They like that in Tampa man. And Just a minute, I might need to download it. Skinner. I'm sure I spelled it wrong when I fact's it's Eric. I don't care and Funky town by let's think funky town. Yeah What where do you hear that? I heard that just never went away Why do you just don't like disco? That's your pro. I like to go a lot don't get me wrong. You don't like funky town I don't like funky town. Okay. There you go. There's a form to get you started Give it a word list and we'll put that up there. We can take the other one off of it Or you can get this thing going get this turkey going. Anyway, here's that story by the umptious obnoxious buddy nevens Election supervisor Miriam Olipen's office is so far behind in its work that new registration cards have been Males and mid July leaving about 80,000 Rao County residents without their voter identification 80,000 We have a backlog conceded Bruce Elridge. He lessons office director computer systems. He said the office ran out of money for the printing of registration cards and postage in mid July The office has fielded hundreds of angry phone calls from voters waiting months and months for their cards According to a state report released last week there was highly critical of Miriam Elephant The voter cards should begin to be male that connect with male in election now that the office has received money from the County Commission for new fiscal year that began October 1, Elridge said newly registered voters and those who changed the regressor party affiliation will need the cards to vote in the Special Prime election Florida House District 91 in January 6 and the general election January 27 This by the way is the same office that we had the story a couple of days ago have been setting out extra ballots Some people Like two or three or some people go Got a little while it mail it the extra one to somebody that didn't get theirs Also waiting for new cards or voters in as many as 50 precincts that have been changed because the old polling places didn't accommodate the disabled or the landlord no longer Wanted to make the property available Elephant did not of course return her calls to her office for comment. How do you like that? One of those waiting is Jay Marcus 18 of plantation his mother Sharon Marcus had a son registered to vote in May When the card didn't arrive she began calling elections office and was told there was a backlog They said there was no money no money no money sure Marcus we call three times in her no money Mitch Myers a plantation went to the elections office more than two months ago to switch his registration event Dependent to Republican badmow Mitch he never received a new card tank on his so he visited the election office earlier This month asked what happened? He was told the card was printed but couldn't be male the him is required by law because of lack of money He still don't have it. My or said which is good because he's a Republican now But how do you like that? lack of money 80,000 people in Broward still waiting for their voter cards What's that mean what's 80,000 votes in there? I've got that you know such honest elections So there you go. There's just one example out of thousands and thousands and thousands of examples in day Broward Palm Beach every damn county in a mirror her This really this really cracks me up Miami officials zeroing in an orange bull as a area side of the stadium Right, possible new sites are being checked out for the Florida suit of me Miami Marlins But the talk keeps returning to one spot the orange bull you go. Love the tea rooms. They're out of that SUNY manager Joe area. Alla said yesterday the area around the orange bull and perhaps the stadium itself Which university mommy football team calls home is a top contender. It's a contender It's a big consideration. We could fix the orange bull rearranged the orange bull build next to the orange bull or probably a better idea just blow that Anything up Howard David's a bitch good morning owner home lies at the heart of the American dream It serves as the foundation of many Americans financial security and the good news is this less than half of all African Americans and Hispanic Americans are homeowners We must prevent minorities from owning a piece of the American dream So I have asked the Congress to join me in creating a second obstacle to minority home ownership Permanent complexity and difficulty of the purchasing process But government action is enough that is why I've challenged the real estate industry leaders to join with the government In a major nationwide effort to increase obviously but unscrupulous lenders with an overriding In urgent mission prevent minorities from owning a piece of the American dream and we are doing just that Thank you for listening. You're welcome. It's 11 at 5.60 WM House Miguel do it out there at thing in the dead place height her get Well that then time to promising Miguel from now on. I'll want to clock is it ding and dense solutions 370 South-Xia Highway that's on the northeast corner of Lijun in US one. That's a hotbed of our audience right there and it's slow Huh? First 10 people to make that $20 donation to a band of per rescue get a per ticket to see the heat pistons opening night game tomorrow at the Mickey Erson Arena at the place where nobody wants to go under doing a good job of doing that Okay, how's that pull coming? What song is so annoying you never I want to hear it again? Funky town at Georgia's choice is leading out of 19 votes. It's early running. Got a lot more to get on air a votes Rock and roll part two Gary glitter five shame on you sweet home Alabama Leonard Skinner You did spell right five and proud Mary CCR's only got one Scott actually had a couple of good suggestions Okay, let's go side by self the mokorada. Oh mokorana. Yeah, but who did the mokoran low-stale Rio Oh And who let the dogs out oh the Bahamans? Yeah, who let the freaking dogs Oh my god, I got another one. Yeah Who let the dogs out the Bahamans just right now? I don't really need to write these down No, you don't you're right no, no, no, here's another good one for you Yeah, don't worry be happy by Bob An animal channel a channel four which used to be channel six whatever channel was at that time These just for an ad camping and air v five minutes Don't worry be happy. We suck you know that's the guy 567 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line feel free to add one or even two will be generous today to our list I got a great column and this is the only one she's ever written I think maybe the second one Linda Robertson stadium politics dimple board the bandwagon from yesterday's hero look get to it We don't want to be too steady intensive with the fact that the matter is it's obvious where the herald is gonna come down on this except for her Because the herald always is in position to try and to voice over on a public anything that they think is good for them How was good for the county or what's good for self-floor d'uh like the metro rail And like a lot of other crap and like a lot of the corrupt politicians like jab bush For example all of these things I mean it's just amazing to me how The public just sits there as almost like they love the taste of crap You know what they can't get enough of it have a little ketchup at me over that place. Mmm. That's delicious Look fuck that's in the doctor Agatston's book too. How a little bit of that crap this book makes me want a poop I could write a diet book if I want to rip off Bob Atkins and do better than this. Well, it's all the rage go for it I would like just once in my life to buy a freaking diet book and I'm probably you know and and and just have no recipes in it Nobody is gonna cook those recipes Am I right even women aren't gonna cook those recipes no way Bad people are gonna spend hours in the supermarket loading up the cart with this kind of crap because when you're in a market That's a dangerous thing to be in because there's all kinds of good stuff in there too. Guess what I had yesterday I found a hogganda is rocky road. Oh, why would you do that? Here's a call from Boker. Hello Hey, you all right, John. Okay, sir What is it I hate it too one pair wrapping that when I hate if I'm here to get him to kill somebody Call me back on a real phone pal. Your phones are crap crap and out. Did we hear from a yell? Yeah, no Probably because he's lined. They got a line there from here all the way to Alec Whippa They're lined up by the side by each Could be Here's your call from dear field. Hello You sure the Pope smokes both no that's the what we have here is a an asshole on the phone guy 56050560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line here's Hollywood. Hello Pretty good yeah this phone that I can't really don't want to hear no more believe it or not When I was I'm 26 years old I was in high school. I get out and school one of the kid Hardie quite often, you know and then for 25 years I don't hear it again and then 911 happens and God bless America. I mean I really wish him stop playing at it fall You know the problem Kate Smith kicked off that would have given them the message you know it I mean that that's song every time you go at least 40 a bit it's turn on ATV anything that that's Other singers that song now. I mean yeah, I know for not by really you really make me kick in your next song And I'm and I love my country. You don't get me wrong, but I just think the song is just a group And I'm appropriate for different you know Enough is enough. Okay, now I've got the message we could put it down just God bless America We don't have to put any artist we could put Kate Smith, but he just means in general. Okay. Don't be a good on KT and feeling too good At least there's not still doing that at the flyer games, which is the reason they're not gonna go anywhere even They're hot right now. They're not playing that like they used to they got the gene hearts daughter soon that Ashland them on my right Scott Yes, you know gene heart the great flyer broadcaster And piece and you know what he died from you know he was what fat Too many tasty cakes gene heart he's dead Fat kills we I don't want to talk about it because the audience gets really Restless and psychotic when I do but there was an article that we put on a website either yesterday The baby for about how fat has now passed all the other ailments illnesses health problems fat is number one We're number one baby ready for that Fat is the number one killer in America forget about smoking forget about all of those other things Get out of here Here's one here's a facts that says And I see when you send me a list like this I can't I can't deal with it. Can you know? No, that's why I want you to rip this guy. Okay. I'm not I'm not gonna do it You'll see the question is what song now? And I said I give you like a couple because you know This is tough to do only one, but I mean to send me a whole list of those this is stupid is what it is Plus satisfaction by the stones Well, they haven't quite a contour Tom's here about the stones because they're new Big shots see that they put out Yeah, this special package deal. They're only selling it at best by and one other join they got like some kind of a special deal Go on with them and so HMP and the other big record chains You're even though they came into that benefit concert in July or whenever it helped was here in Toronto They're like not gonna carry it and the best by stores her also considering maybe not gonna carry it because they're all distributed by the same whoever it is So they're pissed off at the stones Loving you by many repetences fill in crawl springs loving you Yeah, that's good sure. I don't hear it that often Of course I know any of this that off your sound listen to the radio boy your life is so much better when you're listening to the radio Set for the station. Don't you agree? Absolutely. South you're like. I'll turn to crap if you listen to any other radio station Like you a M and if you listen to a music on radio on everything other markets have good radio, but not South Florida Listening to FM and South Florida. Although while I want to go into that my good friends and by the way We still don't want to hire you old Paul. We still won't hire you. P.D. Lenny and gonna be called me anymore to try to get you hired a QA and oh, he'll hire Liar liar Funky town. I they're just sucking up to you that they were Everybody Yeah, yeah Nebal But I don't hear it because I 37 votes. Funky town's guy 12 by Lips Inc Burke's rock and roll part two Gary Glitters got eight Sweet halor I love Hamilton. That's guy I like sweet. Oh my. I know it's a red neck. He saw my life. I liked it to the first Five thousand times seven votes for Leonard Skinner How in any of them still? No proud Mary CCR there's still Roland Roland and though six votes for season out seven just doing up or whatever No six What else we got on here it don't worry be happy about me fair just one zero and he don't have the other one like macaroon It's in on here yet. We'll get to him. It's our billboard. We'll build it. What macaroon? That's seven oh Like I said there it is it's way up near the top macaroon is already got seven good choice 567 how about those Miami Marlins like Sarah for them huh? Let's hear it for the Florida heat and that's a good idea because nobody cares about that anyway Yeah, it is Linda Robertson article. I'm just chomping it to bitter read it But I'll like post bonerville because I don't want to be too negative. You know, I don't want to be in everybody's parade because there's still a little bit moist From all the euphoria from Tuesday Here's a call from coconut creek hello Danielle, you sure I'd like to put on any song parody that you play before you come on I mean I love you, but those song parodies you play them so much because and then George plays them and then you have that hour and one day So any song parody. That's not a song That broke a broke a Brian's music the guy. Oh, let's just mention it Nice Go and add it to the wrong hit it which we call he died or he went away and I conjured him up. Yeah I conjured him up just like I like Jeannie on Cash the spell I conjured him up out of the dead The Volca Brian haters your bokeh Brian's got more talent is a little finger in his Back-to-you'll ever have in your whole life. Okay. You sad loser you Pathetic what in George plays him to which probably pisses off the guy in a gable. Oh, yeah the guy in a gable He just wants you to sound your voice Boss my ball. Yeah, that's fine. Hey, listen. You see since I come back from vacation You know, as I have adopted even more of a dramatically different attitude. I really mean that I just I don't give a flying crap about any of it I really should you after all of these years which is close to Why in the world should I care what these assholes have to say you know It's just it's a venting plate for a first few them is what it basically is and everyone's in a while You get somebody who actually has something to say and you say wow what an ovity but now they're not You're low respect my dude the show in your boxers. We don't respect much in quite frankly the folks never let us down Now here's the you know, what does that mean a call from dingin then is this Miguel? Usur Was it the dolphin tickets 567.560 pun and we're not getting any calls from a girl. So maybe he left already I mean if that guy can call from there on his cell you think Miguel what a call Give me like a little report like there's any here's a work and again Miguel no they're not Lied one still ain't working and it's just it's like it It throws me a little bit off. I don't want me getting excuses if it's a slightly substandard performance by yours truly But it's just it throws you a little off when you look at that thing and it's like what is that thing? I'm top there that black square, you know, yeah, it's been reported That's the one where Vincent prices supposed to be sitting here's how I'll eat hello You sure I got a song for you Okay, I've never once done They're playing the state and every freaking game. Yeah, that's what should be on the list. You mean that one My Let's put it on there. Miami dolphins the bulls song. Hey Hey, you're on there a lot of people are tired of hearing that. Yeah, I'm already okay. It's a bad song since 72 In this matter of fact I would rather hear the the Phil Henry one. I'd rather than at Buffalo bills. What is that called bills? Bill yeah, Bill's got Any day Well, he sure was great those days, you know, yeah in those days Look nothing is perfect man things happen to people You do what you got to do it's 11 13 it's five 60 WQM maybe you're one of those people is overpaid I mean underpaid overwork. Well, that's right. I forgot I'm an overpaid talent. Thanks, Dan How's my two grand coming? Are you keeping it warm? We'll see that no more. Maybe you'd like a new high paying career, but you don't have four way years and ways to waste and college If that sounds like your situation, we have a solution for you to cut the phone a call fast train toll free in one eight six Fast train fast-ranking have you trained and certified for a new a great high paying computer network professional career or a high paying medical computer specialist career in his little four months That's correct. You can be fully trained already for your new career in his little last four short quick months Fast train offers day evening and we can classes. They offer you job placement as systems But actually for people to qualify two and they got six convenient Florida locations including four in South Florida So it just makes common sense that there's gotta be a fast train close by where you live So if you'd like to change your life get out of your rocket out of your den and tell your boss to stop it Here's the deal get yourself some training and a great profession and big-fant paycheck to go along with it Check them on the web at fast train.com and then make that call and change your life for the better call one eight six six fast train My local here sports radio five six is you a New from these discount productions yes for dental car thieves be on notice you will now be thrown back from any car You try to steal with the piercing sound of the all new macarina alarm Yeah, or macarina alarm get yours today The home with you lucky 11 18 at 560 WCM 69 votes wasn't interesting total What song is so annoying you never want to hear it again the macarina lost your reos got 20 okay That's leading pull in away from the pack rock and roll part two Gary glitter is doing pretty good 14 How is it possible I guess because most of the people are destroying events are drunk anyway. They're on your ass Right yeah, so it's just an excuse to like it up Yeah, and of course you see I don't want to go through it. It just makes me sick funky town has got 12 sweet home Alabama 10 I apologize for that because I like that song even though I don't like them red next and tampa that be singing it There bunch of nose pickers proud Mary CCR got seven don't worry be happy Bob and fair and got six loving you many Report and three I mean that's annoying but well to each is on god bless America's got two You comey pickle bastards and who let the dogs got the ba-ha man is got one it'll it'll move up. You'll see how 70 some vote A lot of people laying back until loose comes on I see what I'm saying. Oh, yeah, here's poor Saint loosely. Hello Pretty good Okay, don't break my heart my ankle breaking hard Hate that song. Yeah, it is a good one I'll come up who sings that Billy Ray Cyrus Billy Ray. Well, see I wouldn't know cuz he's a nose picker is there really some reason Is it a genetic thing? That's why that the country people country Western I've mentioned as many years ago Which is one of the reasons I can't stand most country music there's like Some kind of a defective gene yes, and they all kind of look like a little bit off Inbreeding it's not a stereotype. Yeah, must be there must be it I mean if you ever seen like a really good looking country Western male or female or I mean tonight a twin okay, but she's an exception She's he's a lady. He's Canadian a doesn't good looking a hit chicks I'm not talking about Hick chicks. I'm talking about a few Western singers The Dixie chicks oh Yeah, but they're much of communists right five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the in fact Michael morse is if we can't get open to run how about the Dixie chicks Am I gonna read the Linda Robertson thing now? I guess I'll wait. It's just that she actually wrote a good column. Nice going. Let me you go girl. T's are Here's Hollywood. Hello, yes, sir I have two for you Okay, we'll be absolutely in approximately 26 days you will I'm police not be by police together Okay, the Christmas song by the parking dog What is that call what is that call single bells Oh, that was just there's not a station that doesn't play him And it's nothing like we were Lizzy would just go away. Okay. Thanks a lot, paly. Thank you. Who good choices? How about this one? But he's right and they just play me to the ground. Oh, I must say that because of commercial necessity Because the big bucks are far bigger and much more important now than they used to be years ago I mentioned this every year we don't get goid down like they used to do so much Huh, so these just start the whole Christmas thing like in early November Yeah, and man no matter what channel you turned on it was the same crap and oh, and I don't mind seeing a Christmas Carol every year with the Alistair sim. That's the definitive one course of course, but Jesus, not everybody Just like that crap with a Pope. It's so disrespectful man there were a lot of us who aren't Catholic and think he's a silly old man And address Who's being slept around like some kind of an object and I chair on that the whatever that thing that podium is Well, that too But they just can't stop but now like I said at least they cut away back Because they realize that the glamard is powerful's they used to be even though they got the presidency 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T The other accounts Katherine see like on playboy channel you won't be getting that you might get something else Where are we going here's a four-laterdale hello? Yes, sir. I don't want pretty good. Hey. I got a phone for you that is really annoying a Not just a terrible and it just seems to never go away and that is why MCA An excellent choice Okay, thank you lot and have a great day sir. Why M.C. I Vellys people in fact the way that's a one. I mean there's some other words are in the Navy I can't luck in the Navy because it pisses all them seemin off So that what we got to get on there. Why MCA they also play that it's sporting venues Yeah, I'll along with it. Well, the kind of kind of play along with it because we know they're all gonna take showers together when a game is over And they'll be snapping him towels on each other's Braccombe parts They play Yankee Stadium little grandmas even Yankee's even a very state Yankee stadium William YMCA when the ground screw comes out to a sweep up and you know Mean innings. It's choreographed They drive their rakes and they do the YMCA and the whole crowd does it the whole wall this is baseball nonetheless is the Indian commuter No, they're not dressed up like that. Oh, I see. What is your well why not? That's a good good marketing tool In fact, we might be doing it in the new Marlon Stadium. I'm a good go for it. You know I'm not gonna pee on anybody's parade if the people in Dave County are stupid enough to do it go ahead have a good time You got your metro rail you got your sales a path penny sales thing go on ahead And the best part of it is they're thinking of a steady-nemmetro rail all the way out there to this airport So they're could just as easy be a stop right there by the urge bull so we can all go to the Marlon games on the metro rail What are you saying? Because if you drive in like from Palm Beach County or Brown County and adds easy and extra 30 to 45 minutes on you drive each way all depending on which way to cross land Because right we do no other way to get there all you could hop on the tri rail Still Collins in the year tonight somebody says the worst song ever completely awful In fact, it says the only thing good about it is your drop-in Which I think this guy's better point We do like that a lot. That's one of my all-time favorite things is that drop in so there you go All in the air tonight Phil Collins poor little Phil little munchkin ever see him together with Maddie Bell same person How do you have more do you be getting a report from a Miguel? Yeah, what 80? Oh, that's not for your sighting That's something Yeah, oh save a puppy for a month Not much 180 bucks. He's been there almost an hour and a half Miguel is in the QM van at ding and dense solutions at 370 South-XE highway That's an Northeast corner of Luzune in US one whether a abandoned pet rescue merchandise for the best of me a lot thing for this year He's got our CDs. He's got our More Howard David keychains And whatever else he's got plus the first or I guess he's got one more pair of tickets for the heat pistons a home opener tomorrow night the Amikir's in arena because we got 180 that's nine right? She thought that the first 10 would have gone like a halivine Tel Aviv when yeah, no, then do it Didn't happen you folks just still play in very very tight with him big bucks and a market man We had that big quarter. Did you see that? Oh, yeah about the huge third quarter and the downs up 16 and the NASDAX up 7. That's not too much But the downs all the way up almost 98 hundred the NASDAX 1943. It's almost enough to make you want to go back in a market. It's not not not Not almost enough to make you want to be a crazy person. How about this? I chittered, so okay Ryan Murray likes it 26 past 11 at 560 WKM. I had a stock broker once upon a time he was full of shithricks If you're looking to replace the territorial carpeting in your home. Let me tell you about Laminance or us the easy low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring which looks damn good But it's very expensive too Laminance or us is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from the top manufacturers in the industry Pergoal perador Wilson art uniform or quich step. They have them all and all of Laminance or us flooring is installed by Pergoal certified installers Here's another really good reason why you call them because their prices are so low They will for you right now get their false special for just 1495 bucks You heard me correct? Just 1495 dollars gets you up to 295 square feet of Beautiful Laminor wood flooring which is positively unbelievable and unmatchedable too and speaking of matching Laminance or us will match any legitimate written offer you can't be dealing with a stick for a free and homestimate column toll free 1 8 7 7 7 7 7 33 36 they we need to make an offer so good you can't refuse to give your free carpet disposal Free furniture moving a 25 year warranty and years of beautiful easy care Laminated wood flooring call Laminance or us today toll free and Tom at crusty negative old meal tour to the call 1 8 7 7 7 7 7 33 36 My And look this is 4 20 5 6 You can weigh Yeah Play the plane crash Who raise a plane crash Play the plane crash You got a shot Who raise a plane crash You got a shot Who raise a plane crash You got a shot Who raise a plane crash You got a shot I've played with Ghana and it's far in the formula bank down it goes I don't know the market it changed up call I call blue to the bank Well close, it's the motor stop running off of it I just want to tell the better please And try to stay till everybody out for Who raise a plane crash Who raise a plane crash Go back Who raise a plane crash Who raise a plane crash Go back Who raise a plane crash Go back Go back Go back Go back Go back Go back Go back Go back Go back Up! Up! Up! Do it, do it, you can't. Oh! Y garlic! Oh! I'll just pause it. I would just play that like intermittently throughout the show See we drive everybody nuts 5 6 7 0 5 60 what song is so annoying? You never want to hear it again. That carain is in lead, but by big just pulling away you see that all I know scary is good choice Here's a lady in Miami And she's gone. Oh, that just makes me want a scream to 80 Too many at the edge. I Mean I I put her we got her at the head of the pack. We put her on her right away and she still won't hang on I mean otherwise you don't have to take him out of your busy day to do she a couple of times But Jesus Christ honey. Let's get with it. Sure you were in the run line What I still see her there Like I said I want a apology to the nice lady in Miami because she's still there Hi Neil that was more fun though. Yes, man. Hi the worst song Celine beyond my heart will go on from the Yes, I hate that fall with a passion and I hate her too like poison and you can I say one more song Sure Whitney Houston my other song she screams I can't remember the name of the song from the movie the body guard. What is the name of that song? Well, wait look at all I got my book. What? The wind beneath my wings. I He rewrote I will always I will always love I hate somebody like Bobby Brown needs to slap that bitch around a hell of a lot more all Thanks a lot sweet. I haven't really and I apologize profusely for my finger being the wrong place How it was I don't what I said the same thing in California, but he never apologized Well, he did apologize over and over again. Look at all these Whitney Houston songs You give good head a good love. She's bigger the Beatles saving on my love for you How will I know greatest love of all I want to dance with somebody who loves me didn't we almost have it all? Did all that's one I don't my songs all sound the same Right boy, oh boy. She's got a lot of hits for a bitch that just screams in whales and the carries on like a lunatic Something in common Bobby Brown with Whitney Houston Yeah, they got certainly coming all right. I think what we ought to do after he finishes off with her is like sent him up to see Celine Dion And give her a watch for you know 5 6 7 0 5 6 2 excellent choices. Thank you sweet heart see there's so many on here You know, they're probably about a hundred at least and what's wrong with that not other so we got 280 Yes, that's not too bad. We'll get up there. I've got to get least 500 used to be used to do a thousand on these It was like falling off a log. No problem. Oh those were the good old days those were the good old days And of course, even on QA and we should do over a thousand on these van hits even the girl can't understand What it is that's going on. We got these big ratings everybody in town is listening all the other people are working To business are listening including old Paul and ancient Ron, but the fact that a matter is that you people are getting a little bit things are tight Yeah, that was going to be a lot of this part of that tremendous third quarter Goose there in the economy that the market is just barely in the green today. You see that yeah Week it's a little on the weak side. I don't want to start being the voice of Lumin do I'm very very negative and a nasty guy in a son of a bitch and things like that But it's sunny and beautiful here in Toronto. Let's give that to Runa Wether what do you say? Huh Just to piss off those guys see we would give the software a weather but the fact that a matter is we don't give the software to whether we We'll hear about the weather. That's the way I'm for a sports station So I'd no time during the day unless there's some major thing going on like a hurricane But other than that and the only hurricanes we care about it gear to give me to ball give me to ball that crap Right, but let's do something major with a weather going on. We don't talk about it because that's how we don't care about the news on this station In fact, this is the only show you're there anything about the news if they're like dropping nuclear weapons on host You won't hear about it here. This is the same station when they had the world train center being attacked That we still talking about sports for another hour because gullies are more on. Oh, let's talk about sports. I mean what a call can we say about that? That that was one of the one of the most incredibly embarrassing days in the history of this industry Was the day that he just to pooped on for another hour Oh Let's hear it for days later by the way. He's still got those I'm like right your dolphin Was it right your dolphin? I think it was Pete he's Townsend 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon world. He was just experimenting around Right research. He was calling Orlando probably to see who the hell is there. Hello. Hey, yeah, I don't know pretty good sir Excellent now. I got two a Sonsor Paul. Yes, I'm on unforgettable by By the daughter The call Natalie Cole. Yeah, all the two different versions. She has of it Mm-hmm another one dunk a shame, man What is a fabulous choice what is what does that mean is like duck and don't somewhere to mean dunk a shame What is the donkey chain of something the Germans put around your neck if you look at him cross-eye Great day, pal. Hey donkey chain There's another person that you know that's that's a good pull idea Somebody wish who would never we wish never would have been born Wayne Newton Isn't that a great pull idea yeah? Somebody we wish who never would have been born. I just somebody that we hate we've done all though Is every variety of it of course everybody in South Florida hits everybody else, but somebody we wish never would have been born Absolutely, oh Oh, no, yeah, not the mole-myster because he gave this all the crap you could unwrap right 5670560 pound five 60 were built in a pretty damn good list but macaroon and meantime I were dotted around here is just pulling away the stretch opening of a humongous unaccatiable lead 41 for the macarena rock and roll part two 14 Funky town 12 sweet whole man. Oh, man. Oh, man. He's got 11 10th of maybe they love it in temple terrace They love it in lutes. They love it in the song too Man, I'll tell you them red next. They'll rub up against anything Don't worry be happy, Bobbing for a nine who let the drugs out the Baham and nine Mommy dolphin number one song seven Oh probably from those of us who are too crazy about it off. It's Brian Grease's playing Sunday, baby. Look out. I sure hope for their sake He can stand up straight I mean often song number it's got eight now proud Mary seven loving you many rip it in six god bless America Five coming pink goes out. They were gonna trace those votes five Aki breaky heart Billy race Cyrus. That's not high spell Cyrus is it isn't see why are you asked? I don't know get serious Two jingle bells the barking dog to in the air tonight Phil Collins got a pair of their in the air Just swinging Feliz Navidad poor Jose Feliziano. Maybe this we're ear he can see his way clear to not singing it so much I do like the star-spangled banner though by Jose Feliziano. Remember how kind of virtual I wasn't you don't know Why I think that was like in the late 60s and Was back during the Vietnam war and all the stuff going on and it was just considered to be so Disrespectful and very controversial. It was great though was an RCA Victor records RCA Why I'm C.A. those people's got one and none yet for Celine down Celine by the way Spelva the C not with an ass whatever I don't know although it would be appropriate if she had an Astroname because it would stand for my my It's the heavy metal cuts of the year you There call Orch Clark He's big man, he's big and big come back, and he's big. It's $7.45, $15.05, $60, WQM. We got Joe Rose, bad news for the maddog fans. He's just disappeared, I guess. Maybe he hung out in Tempe. Is he on vacation this week? Would be nice if they would tell us these things. They tell us nothing. I noticed the follow-up, I never got the thing for big for the Howard Stern member, zero in a morning. Never. It's like, you know, don't make a little bit of an effort. And then, oh, that's it. We got more important things to worry about, like sports, like ball games. So Joe Rose, the little dog who's nothing to season, he'll be on 2 to 4 today for the maddog. You got the hump right off full three hours today. I hope he ate his wings. Okay, a good lenders baguette for breakfast this morning. Hey, big with his cream cheese and Nova. Several pockets to panther, preview. Panthers will lose an oddwood night. That's the bad news, but the good news you can hear it right here on QM730. After the hockey game is at EK and Joe Mark overnight. Were there highly rated Joe? And I was telling it was big. Yes, all the turns. It's gigantic. It gets humongous. Just like the macarana. It's kill on the competition. What song is so annoying? You never want to hear it again. 46 votes for the macarana. They hate it. We've only got 10 macarata parodies in there. We can bang them right. Rock and roll part two, Gary Gooder 15. They should be doing better than that. That's just everywhere. You just, because at least the macarana, you don't hear that anymore. Do you? Yeah, you do. Where? Everywhere. Get outta here. Like on street corners. Like on street corners. Like on street corners. The pamphlets on the corner of Ivory in 441. And the background you're hearing in the macarana. That's right on the boom box. Funky town. That's what you're probably hearing. 13. Funky town. Sweet home Alabama. By the way, speaking of Funky town. What are we going to do to get rid of those homeless voice people? I got some plans. Sweet home Alabama. Some previous plans. Leonard Skinner in 12. The dolphins number one song you'd love in. How do you like that? Don't worry. Be happy. Bobby McFurran. The Bahamante, which is a good. I like to combo there. Those two together. Sure. Side by each. Because there's a lot of similarity. They're both annoying in the same way. Prod Mary CCR's got a loving you. Many rippered and she's bad. 7. God bless America. 5. Feliz Navidad. Jose Feliz, General 3, Jingle Bells, the barking dogs. 3. Why? MCA develops people. 3. Donkey chain. We're newton 3. I like to love the way he spelled that. Yeah. That's beautiful. 3. 2. In here tonight Phil Collins, he's letting a couple loose in the air. He's got a pair. My heart will go on Celine Dion 2. I will always love you, Whitney Houston, non-unforgettable by Natalie Cole. None. That was Edda James, the Divi original unforgettable. Remember how great she was? No. Uncapital records. Boca Bryant does because he's old like me. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Anyhow you doing. Pretty good. I thought George would have come up with it by now. He's worried Stefan, let's come on everybody. Let's do the mumble but it's okay. Oh yeah, everything. I don't know. The mumble, Tom. The mumble song? You know, the glorious Stefan and the Miami-Thomasheen. Come on. A bit of hernibe. Come on then. Let's do that mumble. Sing it. Come on. Sing it for me. Come on, sing it for us. Come on. You can do it. All right. And I'll hear it later on in the internet. All that'll be. Come on. I want everybody to let's do the mumbled and then come on. I'll let you let's better than she sings it. Thanks a lot, Kelly. We'll find out the name of it. You know, you'll, you'll, you'll come on. It's late at every wedding. Everybody's called the big, uh, whatever. The tanga is called Kanga. The tanga is sorry, man. And you're all sorry. Have a great day. All right. Thanks, man. Calm down. He's a little bit whipped up, and he can sing again. Kanga and I that was good. He did a much better version of Gloria's death on it. I'm just bitch. Born a Gloria Fahardo. Did you know that? No. No. You know, you know, see, this is an educational show. It's better with all the critics and the skeptics say, like Tom Jick and all the other assholes out there. Gloria Fahardo, she was born. He's December 157 in Havana, Cuba. It was Cubans, Cubans. Her husband and me, you asked the font. Keyboards, one Avila base, and then Riki. Oh, I talked about it in Miki yesterday. Has he called you? No. Man, did he look good? He is. You got admitted. I mean, I know you don't want to admit it, but he sure is pretty. You don't have to embellish your comments. I'm just saying he went out. Is he pretty? You can have it. Oh, really? I don't care how small it is in Riki, at least we got something in common. Man. The group later grew to nine members. The Estefon's Mirat in 78. On 3, 29, he both involved in a serious crash involving their tour bus, in which Gloria suffered a broken vertebra. The boy recovered within a year. It doesn't say anything about the boat crash. Remember that? Right. That was the Jetsky-Venna event that's small-paint. Oh, yeah. Why still call it a boat crash? Wasn't it a boat crash? Both of them. Yeah. So anyway, she's Gloria for Hardo. Oh, man. And I doubt he changed his name. Estefon. Oh, she still sucks. 567. In fact, that's a good pull question. Who would be this like most Gloria Estefon or Iliano Rosanna, Dan and the Latman? I think the same person. 5670560, pound 560, and the L.O.R.R. has been has changed the complexion of South Florida politics. Here's a call from Pompano, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you today? I'm doing great. I think I have the definitive song that will climb right up your pole. Okay. And I'm not positive of the name, but I'm going to sing a little version of it. Okay. Okay. It's still a, it's worth to that other guy this way. But here it goes. Why do you build me up? I'm going to build me up. I'm going to build my up. By the foundations. Thank you. They play that every 15 minutes on magic. And thank you. Heavy rotation. Very good. You're into season. I figured pardon. No, there are not. Build me up butter cup. It's just the name of the song. There's no parentheses. I can see it was like on kind of an orangeish and black label. The foundations. Was the group? Little bit before your time. I would say about 69 is what I would say. I was I'm always thinking 69. Let me look at the book. I remember. I was looking at the music in 69 right here on this station. That's right. Let's get out those jingles for blind. Why? What do you say? No. Oh, when he hit something. That was they also had baby now that I thought that's right. Baby now that I found it was the top 25 hit was number 11 on Billboard. Baby now that I found you. Build me up butter cup reach number three was 13 weeks on there. And it was the one 18 19. Huh? 69. Oh, how do you like that? What a memory. Of course, that was a district he backed in and count on the zoo. What's WTPS resting piece? Oh, right. Yeah, we're playing music from now on and how would all this other crap? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 6, to have a red lid or all to it afternoon. Okay. The Linda Robertson article for Mr. D's here. The stadium probably has a simple board of antibiotics. She has not only me. You have to be a little bit level headed. It's one thing to be enthusiastic and say she was really exciting. It was an incredible story. It was a wonderful run. You're all these things. Great. Good going guys. But the fact that they have to try to capitalize sees the moment right. You know, and then jam it down your throat. You know, it's getting kind of crowded down in the larynx. You know what I'm saying? The people on top of it have had so much stuff. They tried to jam down their throats. Especially some of us. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Hey, honey. How are you doing? I'm doing sensational. I got two songs for you. One of the glory gainers I will survive. Okay. That's annoying. And the other one is living you. John's. I honestly love you. Olivia Newton's John. I honestly haven't heard that a long time. And I guess I'm lucky. I can't. I'm very lucky. Okay. Thanks, Bally. Thank you. Olivia Newton's John. She was married to Matt Lepanzi who was in a really cute movie. My tutor. Remember that? Yes. You know my times I've seen that movie? Oh, man. He also had that kind of red flush in his face. What is that all about? What is that? Like Prince Harry is. Oh, really? He is. He is. He is. He is. He is. He is. He is. He is. He is. He is. He is. He is. He is. He is. He is. He is. He is. He is. He is. He is. He is. I know this too. That is a cute movie. You know what I mean? Yeah, it was. Yeah. I love the. I love the gardener and his girlfriend. The house helped you know the way it pretended they weren't couldn't speak in English. Like most people in South Florida until it is convenient. Oh, I am looking up my tutor and I am here in a driving school. No, I don't want that kind of tutor. I want the food. I am D.B. You should have the food. I am D.B. That is 2. It is 2. I am. I am going to call you. My tutor. What else would you put. What other word? Help. I do it during the break. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. On the AT&T. And for rising more. We are going to do tomorrow on honor of all this. No. Here is the call from Pompano. Hello. Yes sir. I can't believe nobody is called in at all times. Be some care and carpenter crap. You have only just begun. We've only just begun to eat. Come on, Karen. Have a little less salary at least. At terrible. It is annoying. I cannot stand that song. We got it down man. Okay buddy. Thank you so much. Carried carpenter brother Dick. Come on, Karen. Get the. You know something she had done well with the sound. Because at least there's food on it. Let me say it again. In fact, I got a great idea. This is a good way to raise the money for a band and pair rescue. Are you idiots you fat people of disc robbers, which I believe me. I empathize trust me what I tell you. Karen pay. What? Karen pay. Karen pay. My tutor. Karen pay? Yeah. That was the name of the. Well, spell. Spel. Spel. Wrong. Karen. Yeah. Anyway, I'm glad I look up because I have no idea who that is. I remember her very vividly. I'm sure my little pansy does too. Remember her breasts. I don't remember her. I don't remember her. Now what was I just saying when you interrupted again something you're extraordinarily important. And now I just slipped away. Oh, well, a current's card run. Slip it away. 567.0560. Pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. We got 280. I bet you were going to do over 500. Maybe 700 day. Yes. Because Miguel will be there another hour. And now till water clock at the ding and then solutions at 370 South 660. How would that sound northeast corner of the juniors? Stop by and ding it with Miguel. 560. 560. The radio's on your side. I am proud. I am proud. I am a russian laden. And I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla out with soap made from jewels. And listening to the new roky. I'm going to use the hour. I'm going to use the hour. I'm going to use the hour. 560. 560. 560. The night's on the yellow hill. Real patriotist. When you're married, life will begin to come all far. It's all beneath it once and million bucks. It's meeting natural white. We do what we really need so hot. Now we take 11 different pain pills. And they'll release the wrong stake over his black eyes Can't you remember it's just a name of yours Or maybe a guy Lies of a manaly You've danced such class But recently, she opened a camera wall fast He said he's drinking Through drivers all day L'esquimshippy chemistry will end his way Not so long ago, the two seem happy Talk it and laugh it with Larry King Before they knew what happened, things got crappy Maybe because he can't say You're bitter and angry Lies of a letting go Keep his butt so far it's over the rain My whole day Certainly one of the top five fag hags of all time Lies of a 12-1 at 5-60 WQ And when I was a private stay in Africa, momentarily Yeah As I can say, people find books Yeah Great way to raise more money for abandoned pet rescue Now this book plus tax of course The South Beach Guide is 2495 plus tax So let's just write it up and say it's 25 bucks Okay, if you donate 20 bucks and get one of our CDs Or to more Howard David Keychain or whatever From a band of Perescue on our website So there you go instead of 25, it's only 20 And you save the five bucks A bug Right How many recipes are in the city? I'm telling you Right now that I'm doing the pubic service Oh here you go Alex who's just chronic with the faxes He says to me the most annoying song about time is Muscrate Love By Captain Shulmeel Muscrate Love Okay Although I would say that level keep us together with Muscrate Love Yeah, but that's okay He didn't vote for that he voted for Muscrate Love And poor Alex he's always getting screwed on a poll So stick it on there Stick a muscrate on your head and on the pot Okay Absolutely Here's an excellent choice How could we have forgotten this? Well like W faxes this one in He says he can't remember who's saying it Unfortunately I can't tell you a land of indones Ty a yellow ribbon on your hemorrhoids Ty a yellow ribbon around you old oak tree Good golly are they annoying? They're in the same category with me for that That poll about if there was somebody who you wish wouldn't have been born In addition to which unlike way Newton he also became born Knowing when he became a born again fanatic Scott came up with another one even though he had the wrong artist Okay You light up my life That he booned yeah Oh my god the old booned the box In fact that would make a lot of people had that you know something that's the winner That's the definitive one right there It's good that we gave everybody a handicap Right head start for an hour and a half with all the other ones Because that one is going to go shooting up the list That is probably the most annoying piece of Schmidt that ever was laid on vinyl I mean just an absolute piece of garbage Well let's know when beneath my wings No, there's a lot of junk there better let me have them put that on there. Yeah, but that let's get it on a lot of people did that too Good one Huh? I mean it was okay it was emotional and small sea but Jesus Christ bed I mean after the first 40,000 times maybe not 40,000 1000 It's just got a little bit freaking ponderous you know Let me read your article real quick because I don't want to forgive it Okay Stadium politics jump aboard the bad wagon rights Linda Robertson yesterday's used to be prestigious Miami-Herald The Marlins were in the middle of one last sweaty exuberant group hug Tuesdays the World Series champs parade it through South Florida Be fitting our fractured mega-lapless the hometown team wasn't faded with just one parade But three in three different hometowns plans for a fourth on air boats to the Everglades were shelved through the scratchiest scarcity of voters out there Everybody is especially the politicians once a piece of the novelty item now, which begs the question the Marlins are too polite to ask Where were you in no hope June jaded July hotter than he's August in suspenseful September? We don't want to rain on their parade thankfully no retractable roof was needed on a clear day But we have to wonder if we'll see so many baseball fans converging on Miami-Discune for the Marlins ever again Would they consistently pack a new downtown ballpark or would they jump off this band wagon as quickly as they jumped on? Would they turn off to see baby faced Miguel Corbura and rifleman Josh Beckett who plans to begasmonyed? Do you now he did the Yankees last week? If we build it would you come with the question that crystallized and state representative for Alpharza's mind Monday night He put it on a poster board and Miami City Commissioner Jose Sanchez held it up to the crowd paying homage to the Marlins at the Bayfront Park amphitheater Yes, we will they cheer it Now that would be a sight even more amazing than these Marlins The fickleness of south Florida's fans is what our government leaders have to weigh very seriously Even as they work out the details of the Marlins owner Jeffrey Lory on a tentative stating financing plan that was announced Tuesday night There was no denying that this is a lousy sports town South Koreans may shake their tan fannies at Chicago, Boston, Detroit or New York but people are support their teams Rainer shine Snored drizzle winter lose is at the target We should be so lucky to have Steve Barman and our stands we could use a few thousand more die hearts The Marlins heat and panthers don't draw unless they're winning The University of Miami football team only the best in the country for most of the two decades doesn't draw less it's playing a name opponent We lost a fusion soccer club which was supposed to be an old brainer with our diverse demographics We lost the WNBA soul, our college basketball team struggles to fill seats The offense have always been solid we like NASCAR NASDAQ tennis and golf tournaments but those come in bursts What about the long haul over a 162-V in baseball season? We ask our elected leaders to please think with a level head and not one inflated by visions of power elbow rubbing in the VIP suite Or phony major league sitting economic impact rhetoric Your constituency is smarter this time around we hope go through a too many of millions of harder and tax dollars at 4A for profit corporation run by an extremely wealthy man as you did for Mickey Erison and his American Airlines Arena And Wayne Hypinga and his National Care Rental the Intercenter Keep the communities endless needs and perspective Lori is an attider pinch of course his Marlins are projected to lose $20 million this year And he's got to come up with an extra 40 million just to keep this roster intact and he stuck with a lousy pro player stadium Lease thanks to Wayne Hypinga, but a new $325 million facility is not necessarily a magic bullet the fans of gotta be loyal The message from our Lens management was clear to his day if we don't betray you then don't betray us I want to put everything to rest because I'm not listening the same question Lori tool fans This is not 1997 this is 2003 we are not this madling thank you The politicians including three different mayors and the comic commission chairwoman couldn't resist getting on stage To do their best cheerleader in persons and take credit for for what everything about the downtown celebration was so Miami late loud and cartoonish Thank goodness for manager Jack McKeen who doesn't have a posturing bonus body I thought you were going to introduce me as another mayor he said when he was finally got his turn to speak Unfortunately the players didn't get it word in edge wise, but we did see one peer J.P. and Don Trail will is wrapping and dancing We're number one y'all J.P. saying this on my brain team gave us a sweet October Don't they deserve the same attitude from their fans starting an opening day she asked good call him by Linda Robertson She's got her thumb right on it the fickle this is not for the fans and there's no denying it say lousy sports down you got it honey right on girl 560560 you watched that you let up my life by Debbie Boone goes skyrocketing that's my prediction I want to change my vote what song is so annoying you never want to hear it again The macarina 54 who let the dogs out 17 rock and roll part 2 16 The Miami dolphins never once on 16 funky town lives in 14 don't worry happy 13 sweet home Alabama 13 losing you nine don't you change eight god bless America eight proud Mary eight my heart will go on salines D on seven y am c a five I will always love you Whitney Houston five achy and fact you got to be happy that you got the crappy out of a repeatedly sure achy breaking heart delay where service for Feliz Navidado for in the year tonight Phil Collins for jingle bells by the market dogs is got three a pair for conga gory as Stefan it is one on air will move up I honestly love you by Olivia Newton John one on forgettable by Natalie Cole None none That would that competition build me a buttercrump to foundations none which that's amazing me it's been on their a minute or two and that thing Magic plays it like every 30 seconds to think about it forgettable and I will survive a glory game and one we just did me boon and on there yet You will write about it's not just you were saying the thing about unforgettable you know is that it's really forgettable I don't hear that much because I'm not as a senior radio for I forgot about it and uh, does does that Maddie Bell is uh, he can't find me can't nail him down to get those big numbers for you that you want it He's got to get those from Maddie Bell apparently uh, that he got really tired of all these people like high boy and other people getting into the task camp program and locked everybody out. Yeah, so now you got to see Maddie or see this. Even the operations manager in a program director that sounds a little bit arrogant to me Maddie a little pit sweet course on your little guys and always trying to push your way around which ain't much I'd step on his ass I'd step on his ass and just threaten to like dig the cleats in until he gives the game a key it like he'd like in Fatso remember? Yeah, where he's running around the junior was running around with a keys and his mouth Get the honey join here. Yeah Five six seven and practice this flat Maddie on the back of the head and it will pop right up Here's a call from Mindy. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Hey, what's worse than the most viral brain raking song ever made it just small world It's a small small world I'm and hold on my wife just left that big and damn place for the city and she meet a little kid guys know that Omega only has four more These in Skybox tickets for the dolphins book Okay, thanks for the good news Five six seven oh five sixty pound five six Something's wrong. I think that's right. I know a lot of who else something we're good like You'll see there'll be something a sugar in the woodwell Everything's happening to well. Where's you lot of my life with Debbie Boone? I'm telling you they're just dying to claw their way into the computer to vote for that's not an idiot Eris just he's just given out like a you know like a little lag a little gap Here's a call from Fort Lodderdale. Hello I can wait oh Yes, I am hey Neil love you show thanks for telling you. It's your five seconds man every second counts I'm sorry. I need I got a song for you and invite that the liberal hockey country music Garth Brooks friends and low places Okay All right, I love you, pal. I Was it into the song I don't know come on your a Garth Brooks fan sorry You're a country man and a Garth's fan just Johnny I don't know well, I let you worry about it because you're the ones that are putting this stuff on I'm not even writing them down no more I'm too busy trying to burn the sound beats die in book. It really burns my ass. I'll tell you that I mean, I don't know how to spell Brooks the shameless. I mean here's the 12 20 at the tide from the menu 12 20 Ocean Drive Miami Beach cherry snapper service Now, it's not comes in you're gonna be you're gonna be cooking right in your kitchen I have just tasted just now right and you know what else he says for ever to get that taste and smell how do you So you tell him that's what boys by the way, Henry your fan Henry probably brought a few copies of he probably ate him the sound beats died or he just he just ballooned up like a cow That's that he'll build an amazing somebody else was telling me about somebody who liked that real real fat Who didn't used to be fat. I'm trying to think of who it was Oh, one of the waiters in a restaurant in Rome. You wouldn't know nothing about Thomas tell me about this He used to be skinny and you know what his name is Gary Sarder who saw breetio But I'm not a macho there. He's that's really his name Fabritio and his little talk to really I don't know restaurant and ever know he was eating up all the profits because he ballooned He used to be a skinny punky guy with glasses and I was a big fat balloon guy He's got like a jury Lewis face Not ballooning up 1213 at five sixty WQM big news speaking of that car Palad Patti XMC's just been voted the number one party XMC leader when they've counted customers had his fashion and Tom Limin and Joe Pator want to thank their lower customers for their support and we thank them to Stop by Hall of Patti Act right now and check out these amazing deals check out the party at vibe Normally we're telling for over 20 grand, but now fully loaded you can get it for just 16 five plus tax and tag and Hall of Patti XMC on beatable Call it your truck headquarters two with over 300 to two from including the Yukon and Yukon That's what it says the Yukon and the Yukon and you can if you like that they also got the Yukon and coming soon the new envoy SUV the most unique SUV on the market if you don't like that one check out the Yukon Great Neil deals every day at Hall of Patti XMC 134-01 South-Dixie Highway that's you us when across from the falls open every day Seven days a week and they know that Bob Eisenberg's an asshole that big glad to tell you that from more info on the Neil deals Call the Neil Rogers Neil deal hotline toll free at one triple eight five three four 42 11 that's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven don't forget all offers Subdict credit approval CR good friends and Hall of 40 tales that's Hall of Patti XMC Where they got the Yukon waiting for and they are professional great New year sports video five six Everyone to complain to the station we take you now to a meeting of sex addicts anonymous in Orange County, California All right, you're so I'll say hi all day I've been a six addict for five and a half years I thought five times a day with my gardener my obstetrician my Obtomatrist my garbage man and my po Desk girl and other people that I don't know who they are Okay, it was a will you know that's wrong, right? No, well, that's why we're here my name is Bobby Hi Bobby I'm Bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang like the energy I do okay. Thank you Bobby All right, I don't get to talk much in this group. Okay. Well, I want to tell everybody but I do you Bobby We've talked about this before. Yeah, I don't remember talking about it. I want you to get your jeans off Why don't we just tell everybody exactly how your problem developed? Oh no I have one so I use it. Okay, now I'd like to introduce everybody to a new member of the group I want to come up here and tell everybody who you are hello. I'm Eric hi I Am a sex addict I don't think I am I definitely My wife let me How are we Barry you've been doing how are you Barry? What are you sick? What's a matter with you? Yeah, man, I just smell the straight before Well, have you ever thought of maybe buying this Barry in different professions them? Yeah, man That just covers up the same old peach basket. I just have one question for you, Eric What kind of sick ticket cheats on how are you Barry? Yeah, that was wrong with you What are you? My I'm not sick man even at phone number give it up for all that phone number if we could all just gather around Eric and pick them up to take them outside and let's beat them within an inch of his life My life is only got one vote. Wow, that is shocking you can knock me over the feather duster 20 past known at five sixty WCM. Let me say again do not all my fed friends out there do not Waste your money on that book the South Beach diet by Arthur Agots than MD Oh my goodness, he owes an apology like I said his wife's name is S.A.R.I. Sorry and he ought to be saying that to everybody who paid money for this book Oh, I'm sorry Sorry Because it's just a week lame awful rip off of the act in number one and number two has got a bunch of gratuitous But sucking P on stuff you must be just eating freebies at all these them rest runs over on South Beach, you know what? Yeah, so 1747 all in road mommy beach there's executive chef and over Michael the Andrea Probably kind of time the Andrew who's to play gills on life or Riley Oh, and there's your stone crab saying and he always be where people let sucker my what he's those kind of plastic place I mean people that eat free it rest from the only people that we like are the mad dog and Hank Who eat a toast on crab anybody else who eats there we can't stand them right right in order These name eat theirs because they get treated like worldly and they get choose the lot and probably are you know get freebies 567560 finally speaking of freebies what does our friend mr. ego do another Burton jax went bust I thought they had a close down because of the 911 Enjoy so I'm probably dead man. Oh man. I bet he's like out of dumpsters now To feed that extended family of his dumpster diving here's pepper pines hello Pretty good sir. I think that's that MTV song I hate that song the dire straights. I want my MTV I work from I'm lifting the TV's and the microwaves just put the tap down You know what you're saying? I know what you're saying Hey, listen one other thing. I was thinking about Neil. You don't want to get me to talk about the show kind of What the women people used to call in and sing for you know sing songs to you we've had a couple of singers today And we yeah, I'm Mr. I just got to try then I remember that one that that one that OJ Remember that guy who sung that OJ song to you absolutely that was the bomb When he said they think about you got to keep your butt against the wall I'm not lost That was so are you about a teeny Turner right right? I'm looking for right now. I'm searching. I'll find I love those man. Yeah play a couple of those and people get a life Okay, I'll turn you all call them have a great day. Probably come to come out a little bit What were you thinking about? You almost got away I'll never cry this around the freeway You should have been on the city that way Are you friends? Are you? They say I hope you're the take care of you Man you could play I used to watch you But then tackle now you walk around the shackle Oh You're on the day Remember to sleep with your back to the corner Or you'll be walking like a dinner Yeah, we know that guy actually had a little bit of time. You know I know missed that guy He was good. He was worried that those are the good old days. You know the guy at the college right We used to have a lot of that stuff going on now basically what we got is mighty corn. We got that Which we haven't even had that today yet, but I'm sure we're well Chomba now we don't have that no more either. He's probably a patient. Do we? Oh, yeah, do you have it last week sure? Well, every day We had a couple of live it for my glasses on there's so many damn calls that I'm getting like dizzy You got physical muscles. I know I knew realize why palm bash it says I was wonderful Here's a call from palm bash hello You Palm Beach, yes, sir. Hey, I already look at show. Thank you sir Hey, I got one that just it should be right up there with macarana. Okay, I know every time I hear it It's a guy in that yellow zoo two things momma number five. Oh, yeah, Lou Baga. Yeah I found drive me nuts every time I hear it on the radio and they can't play it Play it on the ground Shocking have a great day, pal. Thanks. All right. Thank you, too Absolutely This is rainbow for a fight Oh you Okay, we got it got it. I'm on number over Chinkway What about seasons in the sun by Terry Jackson work a bit more not see you mad Palo, I mean you got an excellent in all my it's his weight maybe musk right love my cat the initial meal So there's two for musk right love so what we got that yet we got them seasons in the sun Wait, wait, oh not always that annoying, but it's very depressing. It's morbid and What's the make you cut your notes already? What does he grab on the sun? seasons in the sun's got two votes Also in other words you just pass in the corner to that. Yeah, I don't have time you're already stuck. I'm on there What about Debbie and boom to in the box? Where the hell is that you know we got to get a hold of that? We had to put that on our website, you know a hold of what the musk right? No that old hustard magazine that had the Oh the boom in the box with his penis through the cardboard box. Somebody said us a picture that works Then he goes only got two votes. What do you mean? What? What do you mean they sent us a picture of what the boom in the box? Oh my head the original and then of course Hustle magazine got all been out of shape for whatever reason and we had to stop sending him out. We were mailing those out But if we put it right on our website because back in those days there was no internet and of course nobody had no computers So now that we can got our prestigious website We could put Pat Boons penis right there on our website when he was young and hung and looked at me Then he was too I'm good embarrassed to say he did look good She did P.S. What? Debbie used to look no, yeah, well she came from a big pair and surely fully who never looked good She was nasty looking bitch P.S. George I'm glad my little observation about how Mo Howard was the worst of the hardvark on the end of the hardvark Her tomb cracked you up whatever that man was right. Oh yeah. Oh, yeah, oh, oh Here's another one is to be it this could be it our good friend Alan who's a chronic fracture Morris what's his name Morris Albert Albert? Yes feelings. That's yeah That is it Whoo Holy Toledo Here's another one. How about a pole of who the following is the most talented actor? Oh, this is good a bunch of people that have no talent. Okay. That's not bad. I'll stick that in my my pool pile 27 past noon at 5.60 WQM if your hair has left town without any advanced notice If it's disappearing if your ball spot is the only thing on your butt That's growing very much. Here's the besides your public. Here's the answer for you Chuck Alfie or he's the best in the world his natural hereline system looks like the real thing Like it's grown right out of your scalp which of course is why we call it the natural airline system is opposed to Everybody at town life and on their ass falling on the floor pointing at your head and saying look at that Take a puke at that now now. Would Chuck Alfie or in fact people wouldn't even realize that it's not the real thing That's how good it looks Charlie's been doing it for over 25 years and they have nothing lose But his ballspot because everybody gets Charlie's 30-day guarantee after 30 days if he don't love the way it looks and feels and smells If you're not getting more action than you think in handle Charlie give you a full refund So call today mention your Rogers. I'll not connect with two bucks off. They already very reasonable price They'll get your ass in there sit you down give your free consultation and show you with no obligation Just how much better and younger Charlie can help you look call toll free and save it body or ball spot forever Call 1-800-3212413 That's 1-800-3212413 a log end was most prestigious website and as Troy Stratford says Charles Alpharari.com Just tell me what your problem Dr. Phil the element way solution is number one in the New York concept best selling book in America There's not one thing in that book that is grounded in the scientific literature's got the fill off the top of his head And each your good advice exactly. Let's go to your calls could Elaine Idaho. Hello. Hi Larry. Hi. What's the question? Dr. Phil I just started a new diet my doctor gave me and he words of wisdom you are going to fail You're not gonna get back to that wait camp of Lana hello Hey guys, who's on one second? I'm opening up a bucket of Twinkies. What ever first step? What's the question? Oh, I said hold on a second. I'm reading a squeaky great. How's the question? Do you know how late the dairy queen is open? 24 hours days seven days a week. I've been for revenge one more call wins low man. Hello Dr Phil both my friends works. I have to fix a lot of my own meals What could I have for breakfast ice cream cookie? Are you sure no question about it? I teach you said I said a fruit or cereal or something Bad idea or that's not healthy. That's not good. We'll be back with more Dr Phil the element way solution Yes number one on the New York times list court no calls after this been for revenge I love it. I'm gonna get like you right now 1233 at five sixty to put a Q a So I thought that the number one New York times best set of releases on a book is the South Beach diet But it's fat headed Dr Phil who's a lot of goes to show you birds of feather Pulling over on a public together go by the South Beach diet book okay folks. It's a piece of crap by the Atkins book at least it works At least he originated and he did rip it off from a dead man Susie and western says I know exactly where Steve can's eating these days We saw him at shorty's last week where you get two dinners for something like eight fifty Foods great though got to admit it and of course the metro rev goes right right Don't have to drive that is correct So can send your car and eat there all the time I'll see here now this is interesting from Ricky who says The Ellen George correct spelling of Donkishane not that well we got this belt wrong And there, but it's so cute. Yeah, I didn't bear to change it German for sake of it. I'm okay Not pronounced Shane more like sure Is what Ricky says so she must be German That's right Ricky. I'm a large right key Eschlik had I in of course the Donkishane the way she wrote it with a two little dots over the E which is the very German way That which like the the letter that looks like a B but it's an S B Lichen Strasse let's treat You know I'm saying no. Yeah. Oh, what have you never been there? You never been anywhere George once your friend Alvin to take your all these places All the high spots he gets out of bankrupt. Let's use the apartment use the apartment It's weird All right, it's really a sad tale you know it Yeah, it is a man who became a self made millionaire and rose to the top I used to be slim and all those porn movies and had a lot of great ideas and big pair of balls and told everybody to screw up and Screw magazine and screw this and then he did and then they screwed him They nailed his hands to the wall and boy believe me in his case. That took a lot of nails on a hammer very long big spike a big spike So it's kind of bad but of course the QM we don't feel too bad for him because well you know why 288 votes and a lot of them don't have any yet, but they'll get there unforgettable by Natalie Cole's god one Let's go from the bottom Muskrat love Captain and Slamiel's god one. We've all need just be gone care and come on please a little snack would be nice anything How about one of the little cheese things what do they call those? Cheese stick Five bucks a relic. No, no, no, I'm all the like that, but you know you just unwrap and they're like in Oh, oh, I'd a way By the way Talk about an educational program. I don't want to get anybody nervous Yeah But you know the ones I'm talking about are the ones that are wrapped like in polyethylene just drinking String cheese the polyethylene Because on a plane coming back from Amsterdam to Toronto There was an interesting gas index was who's from Sweden and he's didn't like the Marketing business and he knows all about the foods and packaging and the whole thing and he was telling us that they polyethylene And which they package like cold cuts and cheese and stuff like that that the cancer causing agents and they are much more harmful than even like the nitrites and stuff in the cold cuts Because it leaches into the right whatever's inside of it Remember I used to scream about the bottle water the people go out and they buy by that cheap bottle water And those in those containers where you can actually smell the polyethylene so you can smell the cancer before you start drinking it And it's the same thing with this which I was never aware of so probably a good idea to go to the Deli counter and get it sliced fresh whatever even a buy just just this suggestion based on a guy who seemed to know what he was talking about In fact, to the pool. I'm so sorry. What inspired me? Could oh the string cheese. Oh Karen come on have a slice Can't hurt Let's see I will survive where again or one honestly. Love you or let me Newton John. She's been married to Madla pansy you know it too Season's in the sun Terry jacks three feelings by more sober just put it on there. Somebody got five that's zooming up there You let up my life Debbie boom five that'll also zoom why MCA villains people five in the year tonight You can smell it. Phil Collins has six Akey breaky heart and that should be doing better because you know they really yummy. They very that even even somebody like me Who don't I go out of my way to avoid touching music you couldn't avoid that no don't break my heart my achy Breaking if he just makes me sick In fact, oh, what country music thing makes me sick? Where's Marty Robbins when we need him? That Congo Gloria Stefan six. He's still dead How about the guy that ever senses it? Feliz Navidad Jose Feliz the I know seven Jose Feliz you know a great voice, you know? Yeah, I don't want I don't want my better answer what don't you're showing Doctor Sharon Wayne Newton eight you know what that means? What I can't sing for crap. I will always love you Whitney Houston eight jingle bells the barking dog eight loving you With many riperton's god nine. There's another country western bitch my heart will go on Celine Dion And by the way, we'd like to deport her from Canada with your letter in the US. We'd like to get around here We're sick and tarab that bitch the way a part proud Mary CCR 10. There's still rolling They're rolling the big fat ones like they were noms to Dom God bless America 11 I saw one guy I roll a joy out of a goddamn newspaper. Yeah, I done that sweet home Alabama Leonard Skinner 13 Lisa wasn't a hero don't worry be happy very mad Brian Mc what is it Mc Ferran Bobby Mc Ferran 15 Brian McFarlane Funky town lip sync 16 rock and roll part two Gary glitter only 17. I guess they like it. I don't know you think they like it God, it's in fourth I know but it's only got 17 votes look at the competition. It's got oh I'm sorry, but that thing you just See that's because you don't put a ball games and stuff hockey games right over it It's like they're not a fairy with this like they just won't lead you along over an over and over again High school pet rallied any marching band I mean it was catchy at its time. It was good and it was great to get the people are excited and whipped up And but Jesus Christ already and up with it come up with something different Who at the dogs got by the baha man is third with 23 the dolphins number one song is number two 28 Number one hands down your pants leaving the pack liement in miles the macaroon of low-cilverial 66 It's often run Oh Now I know there is no god 1240 20 till one I'll see I still know there were no who sings it, but I'm proud to be an American as the worst song ever produced by man I think it's the same skin song for Fox news. It says thank you I've been to Miami so they played it every weekend during the Iraq war. It's called God bless the USA by lead Greenwood Oh I Right away is the newest a that's what I was ever stopped playing that as a DJ, but But yes, yeah, makes me want a puke anyway 19 till one a Q and we got the little dogs your roast for the mad dog It's through the hump or with three hours today. I should hope he's taking his money Man three solid hours. That's got a bit longer show he's done it about six months Panther preview with seven Panthers at Ottawa 730 in Canada You know where that is Scott Canada up there. That's okay Canada with a K as opposed to Canada with a C a NA D a K after the game into a Markov and I two to five imagine this imagine zero closing cause zero application fee Zero credit bureau fees zero discounted points. It's the last mortgage you'll ever be needing in your life The revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group is what we're talking about now with an amazingly low Rock bottom rated is 1.95 percent That's only 738 bucks a month if you have a 200 thousand dollar loan Once you refinance or get you a new home mortgage from financial group you will never ever pay closing cost again Call 1 800 9 for Oland and check this out please grab real financing power with the low rate mortgage You can move on to your next property without further cost or expense only one mortgage from financial group Call 1 800 9 for Oland for all the details. It's a whole new and intelligent way to buy There is zero underwriting fees zero. fees zero prepaid and pedally Zero closing cost even when you moved another property get financial inches 1.95 percent and like I said only moments ago Never ever never pay closing cost again Call financial group today. They'll spend it to you. There's no obligation call 1 800 9 for Oland That's 1 800 9 for Ola and the be sure mentioned Todd Dref's name when you call the Renekwell housing letter restrictions apply rates have to change monthly 5.19 APR AM The Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God coming up tonight Uninside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story He only had one hit but God help us it still gets played He was Christopher Well, it's a love song, you know Simple as that. Christopher uses on the success of his incipit erection destroying ballad I just found out that he in the state is one of the top 10 songs you Americans play it your weddings And I'll tell you something. I've never seen a Pony of that his lack of future success having left him with nothing better to do Christopher scours the American Society pages looking for weddings to crash So he can set his accounts in order All right everybody grab the one you love and join our bright and groom Ron and Nancy on the dance floor Ron, honey. I love you so much. I love you too Nancy. Hey, who's that? What oh yeah Is that creepy guy watching us from the hallway? You think you get away with his do you your boss? You owe me 79 cents you're happy Mary stomp who the hell are you? That's my song your worm Don't take I haven't been to other weddings today You're not gonna stop me from meeting my goal of taking over 395 and royalties this weekend Christopher Let this be a warning to anyone planning a wedding Happy people dance to a less Sh**ky song you'll save yourself 79 cents It's a big juicy shopping went look at show business tonight on inside of a mind Well 47 we got another quarter hour or so McGill is over there. I think at dingin the dong Think in dead solution is a three seven South Dixie highway. How about that song? Dingin dong, which is dead? That's on the northeast quarter of the June and US one thing in dense solutions and we got how much do we know? 340 last time you checked in oh 340 Or you know why because those are free passes once we got past that man We didn't really crap it down there Jesus God almighty has he still got those Dolphin 20 year skybox passes I go by there and see you just never know purple parking passes 567560 pound 560 on a AT&T take a look at away feelings and you let it my life or start in the climb that chart steadily and the by the way if you watch passions that I want to run it for you But the yellow is supposed to be dead at the end of the show today. He's not thanks As the Charlie knocks him flying on top of all them boxes down here and What else happened something maybe I mean so getting really tense oh and the Gwen is attacking the Tareesa with a bed pan And smash an order to head repeatedly and he he you've despite all the efforts by T.C. E.B. goes flat out of the plane she's gone Fly around that plane plain door flew open there under your crane jet So that's what happens today as well. We're tuned to good episode queen no offense deal it says we are the Champions and that's an excellent choice somebody also would suggest it copa by Vera Manlow copa Copa Panna we still got him to get it on there by the way something yes he's not out of heat tickets He's not nope How's that possible? I guess he had a Bunch Well He should have said that that we did I do man See it was saying he was trying to psych the audience and get in there quick, but if you had like a whole bunch of them He'd do up his things like it's we should have said that Because now we're not gonna even make $400 dollars it all look like in three hours. That's that's pathetic. That is sorry, I think For all them poor little dogs and cats were abandoned the pet rescue. Let's see short people Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Who was that? Don't tell me okay, the Newman okay, right right Sure people are Randy Newman's actually I know my music man. Let me tell you I know my music to my generation about 80 years ago Here's what they're oh Joel in Schmidt hold Miami facts as it says come on Barbie. Let's go party Barbie girl girl By aqua See didn't know I'm fact we had that don't we we have a I just got through planet We got it on here somewhere and inside the behind yeah and inside your behind fact I think I'm gonna play that next break even though we just got through playing an inside your behind here those two Often Dad, and I actually see they never saw the video that's a problem. I saw it did you? The whiskey was cute. Let me scoot She is cute and she's got her own a single out now John was telling me because he was all about that European music A single word oh trash is some of people would say it would never let they be county what a single what T come on Barbie let's go party. It's that was cute. It was great and Queen we are the champ Yeah, they're sports anthem that they overdue and exactly over and over and oh, but not any we near Who bad am that am that am that am that am that am oh Jesus got all mighty And of course what happens like in the Panther games is after they score a goal what's gonna happen to often now And they start playing I think is that people who are paying no attention people who are picking their nose Pickin their girlfriends as had their finger deep inside their nostril whatever they were on a cell phone And no idea what just happened so to red light go on nothing now all of a sudden That you know they're like into it. You know what I'm saying? It's it's so fake. It's so plastic That's what I don't like today about going to ball games. That's why the shit home on my lazy s and watch TV Plus you don't have to you know how all these people knocking you over in and the ones that really get me especially the Panther games Since my seats has gotten those are the end of the aisle. Yes Are the ones who are back and forth and back and forth they're going to buy some popcorn They're going to get a we need they're going to get some sodas. They're going to get 15 beers They're going to go take a craft they're going to go take a leak. They're going to go talk to somebody back and forth and forth and back But I mean but I'm up but I'm up. I must read this right in the cover to my living room and watch right on TV I'm sorry to say that same four people too You know it's good news for you though because you got all them free tickets which when I come back will just make sure we load you up with all kinds of hockey tickets All right just because you such a Spuck Oh That remark well no, I mean a likable smuck, but just you know you you do have problems I don't know where I'll find you but it must have been kind of similar to wherever a George found beiner boy Which isn't a good sign by the way I don't the road On the other side is I did I ever finish off with this thing right I never up myself which I usually do Huh? I never got to the top did I God bless America 12 feelings 11 my heart will sweet Alabama 13 my heart will go on selling the on 14 funky town 16 don't worry be happy 17 rock and roll part two 18 Who let the dogs out 25 Might be off in number one song 33 now that's amazing and macaroon is about 69 69 macaroon is okay Go The drives falls out Let's see Paul the Miami says I have a pension for remembering pad songs, but what about MacArthur park or anything by Chris cross Excellent choices MacArthur park course every time a district he had to go take a dump that was what we put on believe me Especially in the morning show I put on line eyes by the Eagles MacArthur park and what about anything by Chris cross what must be some Chris cross song that really sticks out by Say it say laying Are we putting the Richard Harris or Donna summer version of MacArthur park on Richard Harris? The original is always the best five six seven five 60 palm five 60 on a 18 TV tune in lay do not buy Do not think about buying don't get sucked in the book the South Beach died by software Amalist whatever it helly is Dr Arthur Agadston Because man all it is is just ripping your ass off from 25 books a books books if you already read the Adkins in fact if you haven't read the adkins go by that book Even though he's dead Because this is just a cheap imitation just like what you just said about Donna summer See what I'm saying yeah the original is always the best that's why like when you hear stuff on issue and then Paul and old Ron repeat it the next day on Zeta It's not really funny any mole Let's take a call from beautiful for Lauderdale hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, new Both my boys play high school sports and the one that kills me another one by queen was We will we will rock you Same song It's hard to the same songs. We are the champions we will rock you and they play them both together Right exactly the same thing just a noise the heck Adaming we have I got on the other day with my best of meal CD and my wife says so Why do you listen to him he's so negative But yet here I said It's helping out a good cause it is your ex shoes to board the animals from abandoned pet rescue a couple years ago right until it made my house smell like Well, you know, but anyway, but it's really good It's a really good situation over there that they've got gone's classic My wife used to do a lot of work for them and saved a lot of dogs cats. We headed off Well, it's a bush down a little bit. Yeah, thanks a lot Hey, I'm the baby You too. That's the same song. Are you sure it's a sure it's we are the the champion slash we will rock you They play the together we will no no no no no There it's it's it's a fusion it's like now I think that the British boy build oh yeah, you're okay Were they like blended it to the market? I don't think originally I mean not that not that this is like rocket science that we really care if it's but let's at least make a preternet rock Let's see I'm just a second now Bohemian rhapsody. I'd love that Killer queen you're my best friend somebody to love we are the champions and we will rock you Yes, me that up okay We are the champions crazy little thing called another one bites the dust. Oh, man You can't hear that or Bohemian rhapsody too much Or George Michael and Queen well I had a lot of lines for that Did you know that they did that together and the song too? 1256 it's probably why I'm pretty out with his no more But that's he we'll look into it Hey, if you're looking for a place to look into and that's just look into it But hop right in have you a great meal how about vicaners my hometown rock chest or New York? I could look across and I can see Eastman code act right now. You believe me? Right across Lake Ontario. I can see the lilacs aren't doing too good no mole vicaners has been around since 1934 when everybody's favorites and roaches during now the good news Everybody in south Florida is that they're in for Lauderdale on federal highway Just south of Bard boar on the tunnel on the east side vicaners is a true flashback in time to the good old days before prefab fast food junk Go and enjoy a real delicious fresh juicy hamburger hot dog Sir fresh hot and fast vicaners is being brought to you by the same folks who bring you cheaper retriever and these the same fresh delicious 100% ground shock meat is cheaper retriever and one of the things they offer you is a big fat incredible quarter pound hot dog The stuff in your post you'll go nuts What makes vicaners different from anybody else in town is that signature meat sauce that they pour out all the dogs and burgers Give any of your combination of flavors the likes of which you sell them head in your life If you want something else besides burgers and dogs how about anything else on a great menu for breakfast? Omelette's cooked the water French toast pancakes all your favorite side dishes so stop by vicaners You all understand why it's been so popular for so long over almost 70 years now vicaners on federal highway Just south of Bard boar bar in the tunnel on the east side and be sure and tell me that ancient ratches theory in born at strong moral hospital November 5, 1942 Since you buy my My My favorite republic in this is not dry at his time for the Skills they are floating it's time once again for the Neil Rogers one to two hours Coming up tonight on inside the behind the two Hollywood celebrity music fire to people file story They were a Danish band who pope fun at one of America's cultural icons Hey who said the f*** Danish have a right to do that they were aqua Oh I Was a man in the news to play Barbie in the band's famous video spoke to a student interpreter Yeah, yeah Even though only no us for Barbie girl we were quite popular at home We and he's once won a Danish Grammy well a Danish Grammy when with that award ceremony was like And dine veneries Aqua But winning the way mass foreign awards is not all aqua is known for they were also soon by American Toymaker Mattel who owns the barbie trademark a Mattel spokesman spoke to us doing interpreter Okay, thank those How came there they Things up with their All Barbie is ours You aqua but material lost the case of victory for aqua They spoke to us doing interpreter. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, I believe that Nyanyanyanyanyanyanyan Aqua those wacky Danish Do they even know we need to breakfast food after them? It's a big juicy shopping red look at show business tonight and inside the behind 102 at five 60 it's our gigantic real famous one to two our got your rose for the mad dog at two Greg facts is and says he's got a list about how many on here? About thirty men lady in red Christopher which we just heard only moments ago should we put that on here? Yeah sure what I cuz he's got all these other ones joker Steven or band you think I'm says he rods steward Ring my bell lead award midnight in the away cis Maria mold hour anything about my girl and sleep Couple of Christopher we're give one for a Greg cuz he's making a good effort Probably our Greg yeah During the day the springs one of our fine facts or says if a wing to vote on a pool but stare away to heaven By Led Zeppelin is nonetheless yet Well that all see it's always gonna be the way it's the most popular song of all time But it's also overplayed and much hated by those who don't like it Right absolutely and I just looked at Alan Goodman's article today about the end I ran the fact she's pissed you was left off there list So I looked at that at the Boston Globe thanks jury by I missed it I got two article side by each here that are both their little disturbing a north-floor to motel is being investigated because management It allegedly told a black man that colors weren't allowed in the pool state official said yesterday Good today, maybe should it be short a short the incident happened in Perry? Oh, yeah a small town that faced protest in 2001 because another black man said he was told at the bar They could only be served in the back Attorney General Charlie Chris issued a subpoena today the owners of these southern most Hotel right when the parker said he was denied access to the pool in July Well, I guess they want act like good old southerners Parker was in town for a family reunion according to Chris to office was told by an owner that Colored's are allowed in the pool. Well, they know what that dark rub it off and dirt knelt the water right Can he put tell the owners wife said there's they she had received a subpoena But the incident involved the white disc lurk on the long works at the motel But tell denied it if I the clerk was as you as told at the woman who had told black guests not the swimming pool We told her she couldn't do that because everybody's welcome here. She was the one she was the one Right Parker's hometown wasn't known it couldn't be reached for comment the incident brought protesters to town And the river and Al Sharpton went to the bottom meet with the owner well there you go That there's a bit in February 2001 what that they let them swim this wasn't know this was it not the pool thing This was a guy where refused the service at Perry package The small time about three of the miles southeast of Otama, Hassee and Perry Perry didn't like them colors in Perry And probably they also might anybody who's a theory Boy oh, yeah, ping a colina song. Yeah, actually called escape by rooper homes extremely annoying Put in it on there. It's already on there and it's about right to and I I mentioned co-worker man about very manila, right because I forgot somebody did thanks that sorry We all passed it along in line with that previous story the mother of a black queen's girl yesterday This is from a new day fresh with the transfer of a white ps35 teacher made a racial joke about the gorilla pictured on the girl's folder Rochelle Hogan's Blair said the city's education department didn't go far enough in disciplining fourth grade teacher Giel Caplin at the hola school for remarking to nine-year-old Cheyenne Griffin you took a picture of your family and put it on the front of your folder The incident happened October 17 during a spelling test the girls mother said Captain also told the girl not to tell her parents who sense that something was wrong when their daughter usually Bubbling to talk about her school day and phone friends when straight to a room after school was quite the entire week in the mother said Hogan's Blair and her attorney Oscar Michelin who makes a hell of a tire Not Said capital apologized to the family last week in a meeting with a principal but with what attorney called a strange apology and hardly a Confeding apology Always joke with that way with my husband and family they quoted the a teacher was saying if I know no was Cheyenne I wouldn't have said it Now the girl is distracted by having caplin is their full-time teacher mother said she's nervous that she's gonna make a comment to her Holden's Blair said caplin can be reached for comment last night The Department of Education and Surged Letter of Reprimand and Kaplan's record one official said sense of sensitivity training will be part of professional development in region three Where the school is situated right that's kind of like that the anger management right right right right Right like OJ he just needs anger management. He's not a bad guy. Just a little anger management course he'll be alright This is an unfortunate isolated situation that resulted from one person's bad judgment said regional superintendent Judy Chin She's one of those in the phone book, you know The principal took a meeting action and called a student's parents in for a conference with the teacher at How do you like that? It put your family on the cover to book terrible Gail don't do it again 5670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line is Miguel backed up there a what yeah He's gone three eighty in plastic right three eighty yeah 380 bucks in three hours He could no better that's on his goods out there in a quarter of I've stray wrote in 441 well was raining that's a good excuse It is it was well see I don't know whether it was because I'm not there I don't know that good some people bring up so oh we don't want to hear about the weather Toronto And it was potting over a little bit here, but it's enough man. Yeah, we're 59 today 68 tomorrow. Oh 68 leave some puffloaded night anybody care about that Here's Pompano hello. Yeah, sir. Yeah, I have an addition for your lift. Okay, Whitney you spin I will always love you or I love you forever It's on there. Oh, it's on there. Oh, let me let me look and see it's got the nine notes doing pretty well That might be the old time worse It's one of them God every time it's on I I'm telling you it I wish I was deaf the word is great as in great on your nerves Right day paling how do you spell that five six seven all five 60 so I guess I can Schmidt can this 380 bucks. That's That is I mean we need it. We'll work it. Huh. We'll take it We needed 465 to get to 37,000 we got 36 915 so now we got 85 bucks. We came up short I guarantee it that before two o'clock You know I'm gonna say yeah, I can embarrass somebody in the building to talk of it check for 85 bucks for Ben and per rest you to get us up to the 37 $1000 mark first there. We're having to be an embarrassment factor. Well How about that bitch? Go ahead and she just come back from Vegas when she invigas? Maybe she lost her ass. Well, I'm sure. Yeah, well believe me We're plenty of the lose. Oh, God with all the with all the goddamn Perchies gonna be getting all the benefits from her book all the royalties We got to be confident 85 bucks easy for book was just released yesterday one in the pink one of the stink by the ones stink it Stick it There's plenty of people in that place come up with 85 bucks, right? The hoppers in there today later What about Greg Reed? How much has he given so far how many cents? About 30 me yeah, we got that big QM ratings pardon that how about helping us out for once in your life Greg You don't let the finger to help our damn Baba cheer with you. You're thinking every year. I'll pass the basket when I go there Yeah, it's just gonna task you going to haul and stick out your basket Here's a call from Carl Springs, hello Uncle there. Yes, sir. I got a song for you. Okay, frickin sand storms by the rude Sandstorm by the rude. Yeah, the rude isn't going Was the first song no I don't know what the first song was, but that one is just completely annoying to me. I just I don't know what that is Sing some There's nothing Like that okay, you got a palate son there. Thanks. What was the other the first the rude song? I got it here That's your bag nut life I am amazing you know something seriously for a square old fart like me I am just I astonished me you know capital D capital R Or just what it's DA are you DE it's one word. It's one guy It's the rude and that's the rudeest thing I've ever heard my life this thing won't queue up now Do I think you think I have it in the rough side now, maybe? Maybe oh Please don't tell me this ain't kind of oh, you know still These don't these don't work too well when you push him in your upside down and all I just I just discovered that it just doesn't cut it Hey, it's live radio Yeah, that one's that's sandstorm Which one's this this is sandstorm? Oh, yeah, that's the one that's when he's talking about Oh, make it stop Right now in the main thing we down We don't the main thing right don't forget lady Oh That one So that said he hates it okay can stop pounding it I mean like that can you believe that not only that I have it? Yeah, but it was kind of like sticking out and The CD2 because it's got a very you know very conspicuous this is one of those radio type things You know what I mean no well, you know like a DJ kind of copy thing. I was not in like a regular It's not like in your regular I don't think I don't know Everybody's hated right direction Oh, and the case it like the original sandstorm we have the sandstorm remix Ready no it's party radio Yes, what does need the parties over Parties over they slide no. Okay You know, I mean that might be time like this. Yeah, you're right you suck I So there you go, it's just a little one more time before we burn it Before we put it on the big pire and burn that people burn them people that guy So there you go there's the road for you and now you understand what the guys a little poor yeah one 30 is time to 60 W to Q a m Let me tell you about a great restaurant. Not too many people know about it yet, but they're gonna Because it's one of the best kept dining secrets in town. It's the gold co seafood grill Would just celebrate it there when you're anniversary in coral springs and got three and a half big juicy stars from the Sun sent will show time Thatting review if you love seafood you'll fall in love with this place George said the food they brought in a couple weeks ago was so good it was just the unbeatable the gold co seafood Grills got lots of your favorite special isn't putting mango plumb salmon I'm encrusted my he my he orange honey glazed sea bass and crab and shrimp stuffed trout Just stuff that trout right in your pants. There's an incredible bar atmosphere too An extensive wine and martini list big fat martinis at half the hour only five and a half bucks from four to seven p.m Every day of your life seven days a week the gold co seafood grill is the look is located in the coral springs at 2752 North University drive inside the beautiful walk shopping center for reservations more information call nine five four Two five five fish That's right two five five fish even died inside around side large parties private functions Welcome to if that's where they should have had the party by the way. He had a but they don't want to do that Experience the best kept secret in lunch and dinner dining gold co seafood grill in coral springs 2752 North University drive inside the prestigious walk shopping center the gold co seafood grill where you'll find great seafood at great prices as well You Summer K ABC news was a one-on-one interview with guvinatorial hopeful Arnold Schwarzenegger Gary Excuse my apologize what do you apologize for I'm not following you for everything Kimberly Plama K ABC news. I'm sorry To the people of California for what those bad movies you make no Although if you don't like them I'm sorry Kimberly Plama K ABC news I'm sorry for this You just touched my boobies. That was a demonstration Kimberly Plama. I'm sorry Well, don't do your demonstrations on me, Mr Schwarzenegger I am here for a serious interview with you. I apologize. You're very whiny go ahead with your questions Well, you're very touchy feeling. I apologize Excuse me, but did you just touch my That was a demonstration Kimberly Plama K ABC news. That's why I want to apologize for the people of California And I believe you should I'm sorry I see you have a problem with women. I don't have a problem with women I like to touch them excuse me, but we are not an object May I see your anida my what your anida may I see it? I don't think I have an anteeter Having an anteeter, sorry That's your anida. I can't believe you just But you're I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh You're the guest. Yeah good for you Kimberly from you. I mean now don't you? You're up. Let us have your anida. Oh You follow I'm sorry I apologize you are disgusting. I want to be the governor Here for my lover vote for me. Why is it purple? I eat grapes. I'm a grape either Put me level. I guess Kimberly Plama wasn't a purple people either. I'm 120 20 past one at five 60 W cocky plan that every day, but I can't stop you know. That's great. Here's a call from my any hello My any When is this They're twisted it They're yanking it It was probably deru Here's coral springs hello Hello, and I guess sir. Yes, I got somebody All right, I think it's a very poor an artist That would be George no talent or I'd drink it's a puppy though. Okay great. Great. We're real excited for Your better Yorker. I heard it. Yeah, not any York asshole has nothing to do with what we're talking about George's own signal songs. Of course if he did it probably would be bad, but that's beside a boy not be good But not as bad as that call what an asshole man See what I mean don't blame me. Don't be talking about unnegative. Okay. I just I just go with a flow And soft lotus is negative as it gets even a people in the jungles and the deepest jungles of Africa We're starving and dying and and have a leprosy even they got a better outlook on life than soft Florida Just the way it is Lot of negative sour people just in case you had noticed We're rolling along signal song having a pretty damn good time as a matter of fact as you pointed out, but What is this oh look at this oh this come from this Aaron Summers Oh She must be looking yeah keep looking honey It says Aaron's coming is what it's a an Ashley Lescan good square. We're in K Rock the Howard steering show special guest Who hasn't actually whipped out her boobies no W HT Q and Orlando air personality. That's a really stretching Orlando here Orlando there WTKS Orlando there passion phones after an drive 10.2 Sh WSUN and Tampa WRMF and Palm Beach morning show filling Well, where is the Wild I'm looking there's one thing there where it's like marked out. You know there is that's it Oh, you know what I bet you they highlighted it. That's just how it came to us. Oh, I see I see Special guest Howard sir and show on eating show case yaddi adi Adi Adi I mean if Florida special course fondant Disney MGM Studios all this other crap. Well, what is that? What is that? Personal team player easy to work with outgoing professional great voice a great breakfast voice honey bears honey bears Get the honey Yeah She really didn't number there, but a crystal like Steve Nichol said I don't know sure you're gonna do a good show Not but she's got a great ass. That's exactly what he said our program director who had a nose for news 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line how shoes and do and she ever had that baby? Yes, yeah Here's for a peer as hello Hey, I'll come in. Are you sure? Good Sure Yeah, come on Commodore's right no Who's celebrate cool the game cool the game like I said cool in the game Thanks, pal. Why does it a comment or is there a celebration anyway? Huh? It's celebration. Oh I'm sorry. I'm sorry Kimberly-Plan by the guy I apologize Okay, sorry cool the gang celebrate yet another one that they played over and over no It won't it's not a bad song. There's no question about that, but it's just two Ponderous they bury him they kill him they make you want a barf 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T line macarena. They're nobody gonna catch that stuff 82 look at that. Los Del Rio. I'll tell you another one The singing none Yeah, I mean annoying doesn't even become close Oh, describing that just be out of no it Yeah, that's it. What is she saying? I don't know. Huh? Look at what? Bolly part What is that fit called lesbian none? Yeah, yeah That's what I thought he said What was I wrong macarena 82 dolphins number one song 37 and I think we're going home is this what we're gonna do okay. Let's see. We're going to log Okay, pretend that George isn't here. Here's Hylia. Hello Hello, yes, sir. I'm Galileo speaking it's 20 oh Hey, Hulio. How you doing? Hey, I got a song for you. I don't know what you're saying but the guy who say that he's too sexy for a shit that song Who say that song right said Fred? Yeah, I'm too sexy for my thing. Yeah Yeah, that's what put that song on the list. Okay. How you doing, Hulio? I'm chillin chillin. How you doing? How come you're still in town? I think we're going to like a penis there's over somewhere No, no, I love I live You're the one up on the one. Well, so I say how to roll and I'll be sure right done it You call today and it's spot on the alley here. All right, what's your noise? I'm typing See you, Hulio. All right, see you. What did he just say? What's that noise? Adding stuff to the things are former engineer good guy, Hulio He got screwed over of course by the beastly people and by a bob vermuth and also by George Corso who's a real major asshole That was an R Hulio. Yeah, what okay? It sounded like he didn't know that was our Hulio Sorry that was him our Hulio's in like Phoenix or something That's what I just got through saying he was in penis Arizona That was our Hulio. I'm telling you, right? He recognized the voice. It wasn't him. Okay. All right I bet you Scott's life on it. Okay. You got to deal. Let's play the tape back in the number 130 Well, several is once and for all can get it over at least anyone have to pay that ticket and go to pay the NES 10 in line What were you gonna have to go to the the outer vehicle joint? Oh, you don't want to go there. Oh, I've been trying to avoid it, but now it's unavoidable Scott's gotta go to the DMC which we're trying to tell him it's a fake worst-in-death He'll be standing online with all kinds of degenerates and banana boat people and I'll be ahead of you in line by the way So far was you I get like a rubber raft and carry it on your back. You mean the point? No, I have made an appointment. Good good thinking 1 26 at 5 60 that was Hulio the engineer baby, but leave you me You don't think so no, no, sir. You're in tea. I'm he'll be a tire-lia Let me tell you about a place that's not in higher leo, but it's in Palmetto Beach Which nothing is perfect brand issues in this year. They're celebrating 25 long amazing excruciating years Of fitting even the smelliest feet in the world with fantastic shoes and unbeatable prices We're talking name brands shoes like rock ports echo is Mufisto Clark's Timberland floor shim essay us all the top names in his shoe business I forgot about the small bit last night. I take that I haven't seen it Dan Speaking of big feet like Tom welling. They're swelling They got all the sizes you're looking for men 6 to 15 women's five to 12 and which from very nearer to the very wide Tom says it's swelling and of course what's your name? She still can't get a hold of it. What's your name? Lana With over 40,000 parian shoes and stock in their gigantic 8,000 foot mega store you can bet Scott's life again His life gets better all the time because you know what is it really worth that? They got exactly what you're looking for and stock right a slap on your foot Brandy shoes you'll find it at 1290 North federal highway in Palmetto Beach open daily 9 to 9 Sundays 10 to 5 and All this week take 20% off on all men's and women's famous brand boat shoes names like Spirit, Timberland, Sabagobak, Portsendexter come into the store for some fantastic savings as usual or visit Monoweb at Brandysshoes.com Harvey's star's been an in-sensing new movie at the girl who turns into a thorn. Oh my god My face is ending to a day. Barbie has plon my Magical story to watch again and again by it today on TVDN video 132 at 560 this is very depressing this thanks for Mike Yeah, because I happen to like that song a lot do you really It says how about you don't like that song? No, it says how about the dreaded dust in the wind by the Kansas know I got that confused with the second fact for say well I don't have the other facts No, I like I like doesn't know what a lot to yeah, you're right and big Kansas was a crappy band Hey Mike you know you're totally opinion, but We disagree and we'll put it on there for Mike let him stick his thing on there For a hundred and eighteen votes macaroon has got 86 no, but he's gonna catch the macaroon I know but he's gonna touch it Dolphins number one song is a and that's like the that's the dark horse in the field in it right Who would have thunk it? Dolphins number one song 37 who let the dogs out 33 don't worry be happy by me for Wack and whistle 23 Our whistlers broke my heart will go on Celine Dion and rock and roll part two Gary's glitter 19 and fucky town your choice 17 And then it in the beco's on How about that other either 85 bucks we got it yet? Nope for band and pair rescue what do you mean? No, it's almost the long 33 Yeah, fans run it now. We wanted by the show by two o'clock We were how about clearance he can cough up 85 bucks dead little piece of crap Huh? Yeah, he's probably got some kind of a sweetheart dealer. He's getting bonuses when we give them those big numbers Like in his last book he probably made a fortune on that thing. Oh, I give it Piece of crap Here's a call from Lake Worth hello Like work. Yes, sir. Yeah, you doing it now pretty damn good. Very lizard. I want to make a comment about two those song on your list You write up my life and Feelings. I mean those two of my people have been guy but those two songs are nothing Maybe just go out you just want to commit murder. That's right. I agree with you I'm telling you and and that same thing I have one I want to add to your list and I have already one mentioned today Just the way you are. I don't know who's saying it. Remember that song Just the way you just the way you don't go change It's really good Really Joe No, no, no, no, not Billy. No No, no, no, no, no Yeah, it is yeah Whatever Exactly by putting him in there too. I'll stand him up against the wall with Morris Albert and and what's your name? I think we did Mars Albert and Marvell whatever Little bit of Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, that's what about that soap that shows in The bright guy on that show is clear as we are the third remember him For the race squad. Wait. Yeah Listen have a great day pal. What am I hearing somebody talking out my hallway out here? Oh, go see wumble. Oh, what's up? Oh Don't feel good to be cheated tomorrow for the set Well, he took his hand pad to take it Like either calm say what is playing like Gloria Gainer and I will survive right now that that comes from Somebody's calling The boombox in the lobby. No, no, it's it's coming through the uh to the inner-com thing in my hallway Inside my apartment Maybe we could all sing a lot Can't you hear it? No hold the mic up to it For my sister's too far away. No, damn well that's it. Let me close the door because this is madening man After like almost two years of being here. This is enough to drive you nuts He'd take it's pathocache it's tomorrow. Did she go Hollandale? 40 states Isn't that I is none one of them on our list? I think that's somebody probably trying to get it in Toronto 560 50 50 50 50 on the AT and see in Verizon wireless line. That's just amazing amazing Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello Yeah, yeah, sure Got two friends by the way picked up on them Mom on number five got it and Ricky Martin Hispanic tribute to Pedro Rodriguez living out be down there. God right good one And the sky's no we picked up on those two we got my number five it's on there But Ricky Martin's on there right now. Thank you sir Ricky Martin just went on her has my number five doing by the way Lou Bega Huh small potato two votes but Ricky Martin What is going on out there if you could hear this stuff that's on my inner-com? Huh? I can hear something there is something What do you mean you can hear it? I heard something in the back of the guy. I think just somebody just came in the door. Uh oh home invasion One moment please Aaron terrorists So tomorrow at the cheetah how in double each or the second our first appearance Best meal stop me Miguel go to the right We take it's Heather take it's Scott's going to three levels so we will be there See I mean they won't see make a people I'll see What if you don't come back What if they're getting I hear Oh I'm sitting here in my underwear There is huge yeah someone was in your pad. I just have a thing here resident notification please Vivaise your sweet was entered today to conduct in sweet speaker testing oh my god Have any question they're testing my speaker out with Gloria Gainer and Whatever the hell I craft was there. I mean I'm not that I don't want to cut a creepy. Oh my yeah Joe, he's in maybe they're listening to show on the internet. They're trying to plug play a little game with me play with my mind Yeah play with this 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T here's a lady in Miami. Hello Hello, yes, man. I have a good dad song for you. Okay, Ebony and Ivory. Oh I'm not sure how no one came up with that one Paul McCarty and Michael Jackson That's one of the words that's how you please Thank you wonder Well some dark guy. I don't know he's darker than Michael Jackson Paul McCarty and Stevie Wonder's now what I just said yeah, I think I said that 560560 pound five that was creepy that thing that's just one on it What was freaking me out those huh that would freak me out. Yeah They're not supposed to be like diddling in and out of here whenever it had a feel like what kind of crap was that and they're testing out my speaker system I guess that's for like when I had the fire alarms, you know you've heard those You could hear that like in Windsor You could hear it in British Columbia 21 till 2 at 560 WQM when you see mattress to us advertising a 50% off sale is it a trick or a tweet Have they inflated the regular price to give a false impression of savings? Probably That they just have one piece to sell at the sale price then once it's gone try to get you to buy a full price The old bait and switch the mattress industry is notorious for phony claims and shell games Which is why you ought to do what I've been doing for a long time called dialometrist 1800 mA TTR yes No false promises no bait and switch just discount prices every day on great brand names that you know entrust Now are cloning students in the foster hewitt On a sales practices in fantastic service keep dialometrist rank the best in the world in customer satisfaction What you do is you call at toll free number you sit there right on your lazy ass 1-800 mattress you dial and you pick today in time for delivery and they'll show up any to our window 7 days a week from 8 an a until 10 p.m. as convenient for you when you've got to be home like I said they show up You know have to kill a whole day hoping somebody shows up for it. I've been sleeping on a mattress and dollar mattress for years and you ought to be doing the same With low prices same day delivery free set up and removal it's easy to see why they're absolutely Unbeatable so don't get sucked in by those mattress your rooms are furniture stir ads They're not in the same ballpark for when you get every day from dollar mattress Karl right now you'll be sleeping with a big smile on your push tonight call 1-800 mattress 1-800 mA TTR yes or online check them out at mattress.com This is the DNA sprinkle dust Algo Algo already we have never heard or seen Or years ago you guys made your nomination to be vice president This is sunrise I've been watching you during that hot arena on television And as I can have your silence I would like to demonstrate for you The Algoard version wants a locker room I'm not trying to be a local partner I'm not going to put my hand on the locker room The locker room Would you like to see it again? I'm not going to put my hand on the table I'm not going to put my hand on the table When you're a alarm goes off in the morning locker room And one of your children reaches more cereal and fruit locker room I'm not going to put my hand on the locker room locker room That's one of the way the man has got million votes That was an interesting experience at that kind of creepy You know how I'm still creeped up by the way All of a sudden you start hearing music out there Like there's somebody in your place and of course there was somebody in the place Yeah, was that even real? I'm talking about one of those deadbolt things And I'm pretty pissed off about it because it might have been a really hot looking young Chinese guy That they heard in the building now And you still had your pants on it In here I was no I did not I was sitting in my underwear and I missed the opportunity Damn it Christ that's not very friendly You've got to come in and like tap it on the door Free bird Leonard Skinner doesn't know any of his health so somebody right? It is annoying we already have one letter to get her out there Well, that's okay. There's no limit there plenty of people who've done many annoying songs Okay, if you want to if you want to get everybody and how about Neil Diamond how about Holly? Holy oh god holy holler yeah, am I right? Yeah Holly holy That's about as annoying as it gets a freaking Neil Diamond who of course is a legend is on mine There's another person and the same as the away Newton category We wish you never would have been born Madonna's Vogue says Marty and Miami that's a pain in the ass to listen to Ace is a pain in the old vacuum. It's a roi ready to pop Madonna and Vogue got it got it Vogue 5 6 7 0 5 60 that was a real interesting Experience I had here moments ago and I was fabulous The right as news agency reversed its policy against religious advertising yesterday corner the Washington Post and agreed to carry a paid ad for the United Methodist church Oh, and its electronic billboard in New York Times Square we just have porno in Times Square and I we got religionists What is it previously rejected the ad setting or corporate policy against pornographic political religious libelist misleading Where do you set the advertising and letter to the name to Methodist officials yesterday Where does chief executive Thomas age glossers said he returned from weeks travel Throwing the controversy reported by the Washington Post on Saturday The church had argued that it should have the same chance to speak in the commercial marketplace as business advertisers On reflection I believe you are right he wrote consumers have become more sophisticated over recent years I think there's little likelihood of an adding view as the opinion of a news gatherware such as rotors to which he is Absolutely full of crap How do you like that? I don't the Reverend Larry Holland had the churches communication department said it reflects well upon the integrity of the company's leaders That they were not only open and listening to us, but also they moved quickly You consider where change in policy after hearing our concern what a pile of crap man Pretty soon we're gonna have competing Saviors right out there in Times Square Oh, there's a great column. It's on our website today by Molly Ivins call me a bushheader. I'm not gonna have time to read it. I'll save it for tomorrow From the November issue of progressive magazine Call me a bushheader. She says man. It is just it's a beautiful thing. I love you Molly 56050560 here's a call from Royal Palm Beach hello Hello, yes, sir. Oh, our urgent static there for a minute. I've got a contender for your list. Okay, brand new key Melanie yes, excellent choice absolutely not be eating Matt need to go thanks pal. Hey, well by the way that Paul you did the other day between gay feeler and brand grease Follow who one that I'm as far as I'm brand greasy one like about a million to one I think that that's why he's starting Sunday. Thanks to this show Probably I wouldn't doubt it at all. It'll be blaming me on Monday. Okay. Thanks a lot. All right see you 560505050505050 and now it's interesting because the Harold had a thing Uh another one of those things we could vote and then when you voted it says all well results to be shown when a voting is complete What kind of crap is that that's no fun? You people of the Harold man you website sucks your website blows just like your newspaper the Harold blows Pizza turd Parachutes parrots cockatoo's all over town. They rebel. They like fly to coupe if anybody if the owner tries to stick to Harold and the bottom of the bird cage. They won't even drop a number on it. They hated so much. Not even worth that I mean what's the putt of putting a a pull on a website and then not be able to see what the results are after you voted right shut up My girl business the Harold blows okay everybody knows the Harold blows a little Linda Robertson did ever We'd be fine columny a study she made all the good points which took a lot of big balls. Linda's got a big pair is what I'm here a big rack Is that what we hear off the turn? You know maybe you're underpaid no-ver worked. Maybe your job is just a pin in the eskot But hey, it's better nothing if you'd like to improve on it if you'd like to get a new high-paying career You just don't have four years to wait down college or the money to go to college for four years if this sounds like your situation We have a solution for you. Call our good friends at past train 866 fast train and let Todd direct put you on the road to recovery in your life and a real meaningful job in career and paycheck As drink and every train and certified for a high-paying computer network professional career or or high-paying medical computer specialist career is a little sformon sets correct. Let's see it's November just about November the San Margin early in the new year you can be doing it That's right in just four months Fast train offers date evening weekend classes. They offer you job placement as systems financial aid to people who qualify too And with six floor to locations convenient located scattered around the joint and four in south Florida this body One close by you to serve you best so call fast train today you can check them out on the web to get more information Fast train.com and then you decide if you really want to say goodbye to your boss new did and job and start moving along in life and get a real career call 1 866 fast train 1 866 fast train This is a song about my overseas I can't remember to It's okay to be overseas It's why I'm a women during Yes, I found it Where is it? It's alright To the main adventure Yes, I'm proud When it's folded When it's done in high It's just so About my soul Yes I Bring it down the hallway and now what SWAT team is Trying to evacuate that building and search for this individual right now What the building? In that building We have congressman John Shadig with us a representative Arizona. He's in his office at congressman tell me everything you know Well, I think your report is fairly accurate That's what we know I was actually in a committee hearing at the time they moved us out of that committee hearing. I returned to my office And they are not in fact If I can't in building you know what that is And if I can't in front of your office at least not I just went barking through the door She couldn't take point and he's got a gun I closed out the tunnel and I didn't even work. I'm sure I'm excited I'm thrilled a little bit of saying we hope of course that everything turns out okay, but it's just a little bit of salmon Otherwise kind of how it's supposed to roll to read the old rooms now it's before the weekend with the football games before the panthers play an out of one I right spot Yep Try me a river by Justin it says here See I wouldn't know the name of any of Justin soong sort of instinct because I would not want to Do them I'm trying to put that on their cranny river by Justin never heard of it. No It says enclosing the likes Chinese they only come up to your knees well Sometimes they come up to your puppet 567.0567. We got a little dog Joe Rose standing by for the mad dog he'll be along from two to four today and tomorrow As mad dog continues heking out a meager living Just amazing this man. I taught him so well Here's my any hello What about we are the world we are the world and that's all in running good choice man Well when I was the group for a USA for Africa right band and a no No wrong Bob Was group who are the world was right. I think you're right USA for Africa Hella's not got sucked into that I raised 10 grand and I and Z and I'm embarrassed about it. I see corrected and I guarantee that there No, but he ever got one dime of it who really needed it and are able to get wireless communications and and can be notified of an incident like this We are Area It's your knife. I mean at the time, you know, they got us all emotional and all the goose bumps and all the starving people in Africa And of course like I said nobody ever got to damn money And everybody who participated later on said boy, we're sure sorry we got sucked into that to you. You know Yeah, oh, you know these last two days have had this sitting here and I've just they haven't got to it We've had so much heavy duty crap going on Matt Laura secret drug past exposed oh my god Matt Laura who could be one of the most boring people in history of mankind. He just he just leaves me limp What is the deal with him? You know, I don't know he's balding I guess that's it. And yeah, what's with the new haircut? He looks like he's on chemo doesn't he right Matt Laura's cocaine dealer tells us on the front page of the November for national inquire So we know it's true. Why sure told uh for rel about that got him straight enough when he was doubting you