Say I know you can stay Charlie the gay I am Charlie the gay I am I am I think man, are really keen That's why someday maybe I'll be queen my boyfriends name is Camilla Mella I love her because she looks just like a man like a man I'm a gay old friend some Charlie Charlie the gay I am You you e e e and Charlie Charlie Charlie Charlie Charlie I am Charlie the gay I am Oh 10-1 F-560WQM happy Friday too. But we got a lot of good news today. Don't we? Yes, we do. Where the hell do we start? Well, first of all the best news for me is the next Thursday Thanksgiving day which I'm working that day in Georgia's working in Friday. Thursday coming to find out we got a dolphin game at noon. All right. What more could you want to met? I'm going to start the 10th And we got jugs McDonald's going to be doing this 3000 NHL broadcast And I want to get a panther's host the Atlanta trashers at 730 of the macaruna 3000 ice-coin jugs, Mister even though you're kind of an old-footie You're still not a bad guy. Although a little bit of a backstabber but a good guy And Galdian getting your job. No matter how much he wants it. Whatever we see That's the thing now. I guess Galdian must be in the back of his mind Maybe he's a little bit pleased that for out got blown out. You know what? I never thought about that. Tell this moment That's a point because now there's one less guy waiting in the wings to take jugs a job If he like croaks or something. Although I would be too sure that franchise I hate to say this. I would be too sure that franchise is going to be there too much longer Too much for the longer. You know what I'm saying? No, what? It's indeed due to but then again next season there ain't going to be no hockey anyway Nobody cares about in the first place So maybe we shouldn't talk about it. Okay. Yes, today's pool. We got a lot of heavy duty stuff again today Not about book reading no more that book. That was bad boy. No one of the station went off Wow, we lost contact. No, seriously. I think they're tells us just that van. This is ponderous chop his ass off Yeah, and it did Anyway, what famous person living this is this is really something today Oh, right. I think the mad dog deserves it. They often and respond to this tremendous showing in the pool Don't you sure want to and he's getting it today got Curtis Stevenson a two Anyway, what famous living person would you like to be a role model for your son if you had one we asked the mad dog Kicks ass again. Oh, right. Look at that. It first plays by a mile 278 bill Clinton 220 Michael Moore 164 Neil Rogers 121. That shocks the crap out of me. Why? George because I have like I don't know certain disadvantages you think they would be just a role model for your son Well, and probably think I'm an outstanding guy. You're nice to your mom. That's really important. That might be a big part of it. And I have a regular bowel movements George W. Boy 67 Tim Robbins 52 Howard Dean 44. No, I'm Chomsky 31 and Gorvina was only had 21 out of 998 In fact, I think if we refresh it one or two more times, you might hit a thousand, which isn't too bad considering the fact that we didn't have a lot of us suggestions for this pool I bet you will have like a little or here's a lady in Cooper City already. Hello. Good morning. Good morning to you. You sound so bubbly. It is such a nice day here. I guess it's a beautiful day here. The sunny shining is not a cloud in the sky. Good day 50 footed in nice and crisp, a beautiful fall day in T.O. Lovely. You know they're two things. Actually the first one is there's a name. I just absolutely implored that did not make your poll. Okay. The lovely and wonderful Tom Brady. It's my son was a super bowl winning. Gorges, Tom seems to be a nice guy. Haven't heard him steal one of any free trains lately. I would be tickled. I'd like, well, I listen. How about if I could just adopt him right now sounds good to me. Okay. So that's the name I was surprised it didn't make it. I think he's already spoken for me. And secondly, I'd be the first to congratulate people magazine on their very astute Johnny Deck. I saw that. I was just said I have to tell you. But you know what I mean? The sexy, I've seen it. The sexiest man alive usually they pick some grotesque like a, although George Clooney made the top ten or something, which I don't know what that's all about. He's so boring looking, but they did a Johnny Deck and long overdue by the way. Way longer to do so. I was thrilled and tickled about that too. So I just wanted to talk about Johnny. He's a well-preserved. It looks like. Yeah, he's doing a life on stuff. God knows what he's tickling himself in, but he's probably going to say he's probably in bomb for me inside. Have a great day, sweetheart. Good morning. Thanks. Nice weekend. How do you like that? A bubbly lady who started today. I was just going to say the other day and I'm glad that I didn't say it. In a last trend, we don't have any women. See, I know we have women who listen. But I like this lady who I'm sure would, you know, shout it from the rooftops that she listens in his proud and please. She's out of the closet, but I think most of the women who listen to this show are like to intimidate it. You think to admit it? You know what I mean? They don't put it down in their diaries. I mean, the number we got in women now is like so I understand it's a sports station. Right. And it's a M. And it's an A M station. And we don't have an Oprah on a show very often. And we're not doing like Jerry Springer screaming into a young and carrying on and that's wearing it. It's a little bit of bleep. Yeah, how about if we put in like a lot of those shirts? You mother, you're scratching, you know, it's like that. That might go because even a women pretend to be like a lot of them above the free for this kind of show. The stuff that they're sitting at home watching all day while they're supposed to be doing housework. And I mean, what are we talking about? Jerry Freak and Springer? Because men aren't home. I know the college kids love Jerry Springer, but other than that, the audience has got to be mostly women, right? Because they're the ones who are the question. So I just rest my case. Anyway, that was give the whole thing or not. Yeah, I did. And I bet you we got over $1,000. Now let me take a few. Yeah, $1,000 in 11. All of a sudden it was like a big rush on there. I won't say what? Anyway, now how do we make out yesterday? Because we got a new deal. I think might help us make a lot extra money for abandoned per rescue. I think it's a great idea. I came up with nice going. Thank you. In fact, when you go and see Georgia's after, and you might want to ask them about the WQAMD quit, Coloss me bag. I think it's a fabulous idea because here's how it works. And I'll be wearing a model. And we can have like QAMD the college is embroidered on at 560 WQAMD all sports, you know, all sports. And what you do is like under all the old parts out there who go to the early bird and go to all these other places where they like to steal crap. What you do is you can't like in Pompano Park. I see we're going to have on Monday December 1st the first spaghetti free spaghetti dinner of the season. So while you're people from one more under your regular class to me bag, make sure you don't get them confused by the way. You have like a stunt, Coloss me bag of Detroit. And that's one that nobody would certainly do your same thing about it. Like what do you do with that thing? And that's where you shove in the sweet and low in the pickles and a cold sludge. Just shove everything right in there. And of course, being rubber like the air of the nice and sanitary. Not if I think you weigh a bag already comes with two compartments. See, take that, guess work out. Yeah, I love it. What great possibilities for your free spaghetti. In fact, you can just shove a little pasta in there too, huh? And just suck it out. And you're shoving your meatballs. When it's out, suck it out, baby. Yeah, just put some of that and of course you'd film your pasta. I'm sure that by the time you get home, it'll be nice and so off. Come to the tone strong. Anyway, George will be the Sanctuary on three to five at Fort Lauderdale, Harley. I'm fed a little highway. Just south of Oakland Park. Boulevard free food from Atlanta City. Sub Square. I remember, it's different. He says, by the way, Doreen is a bitch. And they also have prizes to best in your merchandise. Now, how did the yellow yesterday? $100. Well, that's not bad. $5.7pm? $100. What do you say? Like, so now do we have a number? I mean, seriously, you have $4.311. What is a $41311? Very good. I mean, that's not a very good number, but at least we'll make the 50 I think. Because now that we're getting close to the holidays, Christmas, Chinook and stuff like that, that's when they'll start. I mean, we'll make the 50 grand if I have to, you know, raise holy hell about it. We'll do it. Which isn't great, but considering the fact that it's a very tough year for raise money for charity, we'll do the best. Now, I just want to say this. And I noticed on CNN there, they had a lot of people admitting that they watched every moment of that crap yesterday. And so did I. But, and the one hand, I'm thinking to myself, here we've got all these big protests in London. We've got more and more people dying in Istanbul and Iraq and more innocent people being slaughtered every day. And the network spent, this is going to be OJ Part 2 only much, much bigger than ever before. And I'm going to tell you why it's going to be bigger. Because OJ Simpson was known to virtually everyone in America and approve of that, is sitting right there in George who hates sports, but new OJ from the movies, the Hertz commercials, nobody didn't know OJ. In fact, before to murder, nobody didn't like OJ I would think. Right. What was not to like? You know, he's just kind of like a goofy guy who's a great football player. And I wasn't. But OJ was only an American figure. He went to like France or like to switch a lens and said, OJ, they'd think he'd talk about orange juice maybe, though silly Americans. The juice. But Michael Jackson, of course, is known worldwide. His stain has, uh, and in fact, look at that. We were the subjects, the news media of a roost here yesterday in a parent roost. While we were standing here about an hour after a talk that roost. Michael Jackson posted bond. This is a very quiet, lonely road where you're supposed to drive very slowly. A three car on to rost started washing down the street. They're relatively high rate of speed. This gate behind me was already open. There was a black Mercedes van. So it's hinted windows, a van, and each side. The same vehicles we saw at the sheriff's department. The same vehicles we saw at the airport. Our presumption was that Michael Jackson was inside the Mercedes and the place inside the garage. He all to the reporters to stay away. But then we found out 15 minutes later. Then Michael Jackson was seeing getting off a plane in the bus. So we saw the first plane at landed and they're all about every network is covering it breathlessly and here comes the lear jet. And it's, uh, you know, coming down to one way and there's that little courtesy bus that's pulling up alongside it. Oh, oh, now it's turning back this way. And then all those guys got off of it and had nothing to do with anything. It would nobody from the family was in there. No Michael Michael motorcycle. And then of course later the other lear jet landed and they stuck the and no's at a plane inside the hangar. Yeah, well, I saw the highlights. I didn't watch the end. The ass and was hanging out and they were really frustrated because when they opened the door and you open a hatch on a plane the people were getting off but you really couldn't make out anybody per se in the beginning because it was so they were trying to adjust the lenses of the camera so you could take a puke and who was coming out of it. And anyway, this this went on for hours and hours and then of course, uh, in the middle of all this we finally see the black, what kind of a view was it a Bronco a black one? I don't know, maybe it was an escalade. I don't know what that was. But anyway, we see that black vehicle and come to find out he's in there, you know. And then we see him being whisked into their into our custody and he's got the handcuffs on and he'll and they're saying, Oh, what? You notice how he held a handcuffs up to show him to the world that he's the, uh, he's the one that's on the defensive. He's the one that's being persecuted. I don't think any of the sort happened. I think it was just the way he was walking. Right. Like and the old. Ervy move. Ervy fart. Ervy. Well, what's the number on the aircraft? Can we match that with this number? I mean, seriously, there's something desperately wrong. And with all of us because I watched it all too. Er, you had to be fixated because they covered it like it was the end of the world. Like like this was the beginning of WWE 3. They were dropping nuclear weapons in the middle of our Washington. And that's what it was like. I avoided it. Oh, come on. You're no fun. I read some of the old Franken book. Like I said, good choice. Because I'm not reading a to you. Anyway, here's the first poll today. And your main says it was a modern day lynching. You think that's your main to the case? Oh, pull one. What do you think of the media frenzy on a Michael Jackson arrest? Be honest with us now. You got six great choices. And the winner gets one of those QAM decor cost me bags. I love every minute of it. The decor lost to me. What do you think of the media frenzy on the Michael Jackson arrest? I love every minute of it. The media is sick and needs help badly. I don't give a Schmidt about it. It's absolutely pathetic. It's a lucky break for Bush and Hasemark. He's the king of pop. I guess I should be a little more respectful, don't you? Right. He's after all the king of pop. Right. In fact, love is a little kid's like to call him pop. 1013. He likes to see it pop. 1013 is 560 WQM. One of the best kept sample of the dining secrets is right in prestigious. Coral Springs, George loved the food they've brought to the station several weeks ago. And you love it all too. Because you can't be to the stick. If you love seafood, you'll fall in love with. The gold coast seafood grill. Were they just celebrated? They're one year anniversary. They got three and a half big fat stars from the Suncentals Showtime dining review. The gold coast seafood grill has got a menu that's little with all kinds of goodies, including Mango, Plum Salmon. I'm impressed at my hemy, orange, honey glaze, sea bass, and crab and shrimp stuffed trout. There's a great bar atmosphere too. An extensive line of our teen list. Big fat martinis during happy hour. Only five and a half bucks and four to seven PM every day, seven days a week. You find the gold coast seafood grill in coral springs. At 752 North University drive inside the beautiful prestigious Walk Shopping Center. For more information and reservations call 9, 5, 4, 2, 5, 5, 5. Fish, you can die inside or outside. Large party private functions. Welcome to. So if you want to check out the best kept secret and lunch and dinner dining, where you'll absolutely love the food and the prices. This is at the gold coast seafood grill and coral springs. At 27,52 North University drive inside the Walk Shopping Center. Oh, my lady! No, no, no! We're supposed to be in the spicy sauce! Oh, I'm so sorry! Holy makin' on! This is Joe Boen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs, and you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil Gaugh! The fan-fakin' I kids stand up. CBS introduces a new television show about America's 40th president that absolutely nobody can hate. It's everybody loves Reagan! Oh, Nancy, I'm home! What's for dinner? Your favorite! Oh, Kuddy! Jelly Bean Casero! That's my favorite, you know. Everybody loves Reagan! The sitcom that's biased towards... Bully! You really don't have this trend, Ron! Your parents are so mad at you! They put up a giant fan! Oh, no, they don't! Mom! Dad! Turn down this wall at CBS TV! Everybody loves Reagan! Ronny, the kids are demanding moral louder! There they go again! Well, I suppose I can trickle down another quarter! Everybody loves Reagan! Right after President Equese, only on CBS! Oh, it is at a showtime! Well, I can't recall! 1018 is by 60 WCM, I can't believe that we had two ladies and a order start to show on the phone. Unbelieveable. Here's a lady of West Palm Beach, hello. Hi Neil, I just had a couple things to say. First of all, Johnny's dad, I just think he's like a plain Joe. Really? It's like 125 pounds in public guy. Look, thank you, thank you. And the other thing is that if I, I don't have to, I don't have to. There's little guys I'll shock you. I know I had little hands one time, I couldn't believe it. Wow! But anyway, if I, I don't have any children, thank them more than them. But if I did, I guess I'd want them to be like Roger Clevence, or that other guy to retired from Baltimore, a couple years ago, that never missed a day of work. Yeah. And then the other thing, this Michael Jackson thing, why don't they charge to parents? He was charged 10 years ago for whatever he got acquitted. Well, okay, let's just go let him spend a night so we can do it. Okay, well, I think probably people that like see a, a potter, gold at the end of the rainbow. But it's charming. Yeah. It's charming. All right, never great day. And you're true. Oh, man, I told you, it's going to be a great day. I can smell it, baby. I can smell it. I'll just find you. Or maybe that said, maybe that said, D. Quarque, last midnight. Maybe we forgot to empty it out. All molested. 50 votes. What do you think about the media friends? The animal Jackson arrest. It's a lucky break for Bush and of course, it's a tremendous. And you do realize the trials going to be next year. And we got probably the most important presidential election coming up in modern history. Maybe in the entire history of the US, because depending on the outcome of this one, we might not have no more elections. But anyway, and this is going to, that trial, especially if it's televised, and it's going to make OJ, parallel to one significance. We never dreamed that could happen again. Did we? Well, I figured just a matter of time. I didn't think it'd be the soon though. But it is. And coincidentally, for Bush once again, he looks out. I mean, just just totally took all the British protest and anything about that. All the stuff going on in Istanbul and Iraq right out of the news. And here we went on for hours and hours. And there goes the vehicle. And here's the motorcade. And here are the, get stuck in traffic. And here these pain and he has vice standards coming up. And he's shaking their hands through the window. And all this other news. Did you see that? Yeah. Oh my god. It's just like OJ on the every way again. Hey, go OJ. Go. And they're all, we had the signs up. See, people are so star struck. Not just in America, but all over the world. There's so star struck with celebrity that it really has to make any difference. What you do. In fact, I think probably if Ted Bundy could have sung well, I think he'd probably still be alive today. Don't you? If you could like, Charlie, have danced during something good. You know, Harley Manson T-shirts are selling like hotcakes. No question. He could say love them. Anyway, what do you think of the Meteor Friends? He got a Michael Jackson arrest. It's a lucky break for Bush 23. It's absolutely pathetic 16. I don't give a Schmidt about it 11. The media is sick and needs help badly. 5. I love every minute of it only three and Haseh Muck. He's the king of pop none. Out of the first 58 votes. I'd be like that. Little surprising to me. I don't think they're being honest with us. What Michael hasn't got to the computer yet? Are you porn? Here's an update on our Europeanist this afternoon that you just thanked. From 3 to 5, the staff know in Georgia have the best meal merchandise other prices at 4 Loderedale Harley. I'm federal highway. Just not the open park Boulevard. There'll be food from Atlantic City subs and Dickens cider as well. Yes, cold. Also from 4 to 6 PM, the other Vandal B. P. Hollywood Chrysler Jeep at 2100 North State Road 7 stop by to win prizes. Free food from Atlantic City subs where I remixed the difference. Any says the Reigns of Pitch. And McGill will be there. I'm sure, right? Josh. There you go. I'm bigger, Pern. Josh. Like I said, Josh will be there. Okay, and I'll see. Did I hear, oh, you're well, they, oh, I'm seeing it. And he didn't say the F. I'm at least not the first time unless they did live. My misdemeist the first time because they bleaked it out. So I guess if she had a mind-life, who was the Bimbode? Oh, she's out. No, that's not her. That was interviewing him on the phone. Oh my god. Well, and you never, never said you can't understand how we feel and you never been an person. Oh, she was just in the water. Screamer appeal has been Anna. Yeah, so anyway, your main did the sneak the F. I'm so epic. I'll all this stuff and you people put all these talking heads on there. Don't know what's Mababand say modern day lynching. Anybody think it's a racial thing? How can it be a racial thing when he's wider than most of us are? Right. You don't even look like you got a good sun tan Michael. Black my ass. Oh, sir. You're gonna love this. U.S. is iron hammer. You know the hammer? Not that hammer. U.S. is iron hammer code name first. U.S. by Hitler. The Nazis. The U.S. military's code name for a crackdown on resistance in Iraq was also used by the Nazis for an imported operation to damage the Soviet power grid during WW2. Operation iron hammer this week launched the first armor divisions third brigade in the roughest parts of Baghdad, deferred out the attackers who have killed scores of U.S. troops since Sodom Hussein was asked in April. A Pentagon official said the name was chosen because of the old iron-sized nickname of the first armor division. He was unaware of any connection to the any Nazi operation. Eisen Hammer, the German for iron hammer was a Luftwaffe code name for a plan to destroy Soviet-generating plants in the Moscow and Gorky, or isn't 43, according to Universal Lexicon on a website, whatever it is. A researcher at Britain's Imperial War Museum confirmed the existence of Eisen Hammer. Was neither a president, Eisen Hammer, he thought it nice. After it appeared war on terrorism, U.S. officials changed the code name for its impending attack on Afghanistan to operation during the freedom the original name. Operation Infinite Justice was jettisoned the midfares that the Muslim were already a rear-viewers' intention would object on the basis of Quran teachings that only God can provide infinite justice. Only one God. For him, for justice we go to him. Oh, brother. So you see the Nazis always go sliding in there. Speaking of Nazis, this story before we get to a very jackass in Jim Sarny and for Ralligan all that stuff that just don't tell you know, I know there are a lot of people out there in the audience who are really pissed off about all that business, but you know what, what am I going to do about it? Right? Oh, wave of magic wand. I can't, I got no magic wand. People are, I've been out of shape because this station keeps jerking the audience around and Yankember around and diddling and you know, but uh, it's just Greg Reed again and of course corporate over there in Naples there's sitting up in the tree with their band you would at stupid look on her post they don't know what to scream or peel it either. Feel of an ant before you stick in your post is a good idea. All you beesleys over there, God. War credits astonished as U.S. Hawk admits the invasion was illegal. Oh my God. International lawyers in anti-work campaigners reacted with astonishment on Wednesday after influential Pentagon Hawk Richard Proconseded that the invasion of Iraq had been illegal. In a startling break with official White House and Downing Street lines, Mr. Procout told an audience in London, I think in this case international law stood the way of doing the right thing. President Bush has consistently argued that the war was legally the because of existing UN Security Council resolutions on Iraq. Also the British government's publicly stated view or was enacted self defense permitted by international law, but Mr. Pearl, a key member of the Defense Policy Board which advises the US defense secretary rum spell said that international law would have required us to leave Sodom Hussein alone and this would have been morally unacceptable. French intransigence he had admitted there had been no practical mechanism consistent with the rules of the UN for doing what Sodom Hussein. How do you like that? They're here on a one hand. He was the one screaming yelling we better go in here and we got to do it in the anti-odiot. I mean the other hand is it well it wasn't legal but too late now. What a major answer. And we got a big, very jackass column I guess Greg must have like put in a phone call told me the laundry prepolicity and then Jim Sarny at the Sun Assembly not only ugly and grow test yet which I can relate to but man you know you're answering Georgia's elbow. Get it right. It's Saturday morning TV is about to get a makeover. It's queer eye for the papai. Well, shiver bait Jim base you must be the fagg. Come on guys get a look at what he's wearing. A faylor that fish. So where's the rest of the bill is people? Here I for the papai is the famtives most animated project yet papai. What would you like to prepare for your big dinner date with all the boys? Well I'd rather push go this bitch give a can or I guess there's only one thing that's good in the can honey and it ain't spinach. How about if we serve sweet peat instead? Wait, please. What do I look like at cannibals? We didn't do you see how the queer eye for the papai team has redecorated his swinging bachelor pan. Okay papai. Pop your eye, don't be. Whoa. Well, close me down. Well hello, sailor. Easy fellas it's just a splash get it. Where are you for the papai? Saturday mornings right after while you geow were out. Anyway, the pope says if things were badly for Michael, they have an opening format to Vatican. 1032 at 5, 60, 111 votes on our pool. What do you think of the media frenzy on a Michael Jackson arrest? In Michael Jackson's case. You're going to have Michael Jackson up your ass and your nose and your earlobes and your spleen and your liver and your back toe everywhere. Just like that kid. Everybody in the world is going to be just overgrown with Michael Jackson. They're going to have Michael. You're going to start having like gloves growing on your hand with you want one or not. You're going to your nose is going to start like vanishing. Which could help that the pair of siltin by the way. Yeah. I always thought the pair of siltin was a hotel, seriously. Okay. To show you how out of touch I am with a scrap and then I saw her and man, she has got a push that would even a mother could hate. She's got a nasty looking bitch. 111 votes. It's a lucky break for Bush 35. You bet. It's absolutely pathetic. Fuck, dude man. I don't give a Schmidt about a 21. The media sicken eats help badly. You go girl, Tammy Fay, you're right 15. I love every minute of a 10 and hey, schmuck, he's the king of pop. None so far. Zero. Zippity, do do do. Now you know we got to take that out of the car Miami. Don't you want to get that going? Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, I'm taking this car. Retired on. Ha ha ha. Go to. Okay. Perfect morning media. Perfect morning. A mix of Ludes WDQ and Rice. Very jackass. Very rhymes with. Mary. With all the two mouth and turn over the past 22 months. WDQM is proving what people in radio already knew. It's a challenge for all sports stations to find the right mix for a morning talk show. Jake, Mary, I hate to break the news. The essence of your sports nerd. You're the couch potato. You're a little tub of crap and you're a moron. And a Josh nifer to and I'm talking probably literally. But the fact that a matter is very any radio station to challenge for a morning talk show. Not just all sports radio, but that's all he knows. Him and Greg, that's why they get along so well. Sports, that's all they know. Sports. January 2002, Joe Roslett is giga wqm. To each after that co-host Jeff DeForce was fired after pleading guilty to pan kick backs to a Mikasuki in the in-game marketing director. Or they love to say Mikasuki. Why did they say Mikasuki? I hate that. They're idiot. Now after experimenting with Ron Huzzi, Howard David, Howard David. Absolutely. Scott for rail and others WDQM general manager Greg Reed still is looking for something with staying power. Reed would hate how he would rose, but the former dolphins tied in isn't sure he's willing to juggle WQM's 8 to 10 names slot with his lead anchor duties at NBC 6. Rosalwood work alone or be paired with Steve Geldy Goldstein, said how Mikasuki is in shortly. Why his finding a long-term replacement for the first team taking longer than the search for weapons of as destruction in Iraq? Do you want to know? I just want the most entertaining show we can have and no going into the gutter like Ferrell did Reed said. Going into the gutter. Of course, who is it that hired him Greg? That's something to think about. Reed believes David and then Ferrell would be believed. Believe past hands, believe David and then Ferrell would be capable of replacements for the Rose DeForce Geldstein trekkah that ended in January 2002. It says it ended. In other words, he ended it. Reed said, here's my favorite part of the whole article. Absolutely. But Reed said David's show was not entertaining enough to which he is. Absolutely correct. Where he and Geldy were shifted to 5A to 8AM. Reed was happy with Ferrell's ratings, but he continued to cross the line of good taste, forcing Reed to dump him. DeForce 2 does afford a 7pm show for WFTLA-850 MS Palm Beach worked well with Rose, but he hasn't heard from WDQM and doesn't expect to. DeForce and Geldy were fired by Reed in 2001, but Reed changed his mind only to fire DeForce again after legal problem surface. No one has ever satisfied with what they have to force at this week. WDQM was always giving us scrutiny over our show even when our ratings were higher than what they're doing blacked backflips over now. We were running too many commercials. They blamed the talent like they usually do in this business. Reed and DeForce did read it's more difficult to find talent for Morning Drive than other day parts. It's the most competitive they parted in a cut-through that clutter. You had to be pretty entertaining Reed said, which course we know Mo is not. Said DeForce, you need to appeal to a broader basin of morning to just can't throw someone on tell him to be funny. Is what he said. You ready for that? Yeah, come on, Mo be funny. I just funny looking but funny. It is. Take off those chicken pants. And by the way, Mo don't forget. Payback is a bitch. Now Jim Sarny who writes on Fridays his broadcast sports column in a sun-syll and never has anything really too close to being right. A real puts. He has only one paragraph on this contract, WQM's biggest mistake would stop for WDQM's fire for his repeated off-color remarks was putting him in the 8 to 10 a.m. Morning slot when listeners were driving the kids to school. Forl'd be longs on late night radio when the kids are asleep. Say, Jim I hate to break the news to you since you know absolutely nothing about broadcasting. You know you write the broadcast sports column on the sun-syll. But somebody has to write a little bit about broadcasting because Tom Dick is just writes puff pieces about never TV shows. But anyway Jim it's unfortunate because you may not be the worst guy in the world but you're writing a certainly pathetic. Putting for a while on late at night would have accomplished nothing because there's no revenue late at night late night radio on any station. There's no there's no money to be made. In addition to which Thorella's hired to solve the problem in a morning. You see, it's Sarny? That's what he was hired for. To solve the problem that Greg created in the morning when he blew up the first team. Now he's trying his 18 different version of trying to solve his own for creating out his own problem. But Jim Sarny has to sun-syll and just don't get it. So there's the two articles on that. Like I said Michael Jackson is going to be coming out of every poor in your body. And now the woman called before she's got an excellent point. A lot of people have already said that and a lot more people are going to be sending that obnoxious Mark Giragos. Man, that guy I've said it all long before this late as things started he gives me the creeps. Guess who is filling in for Larry last night. I give up. No give you one guess. Female. Nancy Grace. Now, right. Really? See how hard that was? I just pulled that out of my mind. Well, what do you mean really? She's always on her. She's on her mind and never watch Larry. And I'm not sure if you want to see what he's got on. Especially, I'd love to be Michael's stuff, you know? Let's face it whether we like it or not, especially those of us on a year. We got to be, you know, Michael in an up 80 hours a day because that's what and despite of this pull it, you know, you people I've tried to be a little bit more on. You think you're full and this will fart, you're not full in anybody. Oh, no, we don't care about that. And we're the scusted by it ever voted. And, you know, finally, H. Mock is the king of pop. We got two out of 100 39 votes. Thank you. I like being called schmuck. schmuck. What do you think of the media frenzy on Michael Jackson's arrest? It's a lucky break for Bush 44. It's absolutely pathetic. Absolutely. Absolutely pathetic 32. I don't give a Schmidt about it. 27. The media is sick and he's helped badly 23. I love every minute of it only 11. And H. Mock, he's the king of pop only two. And you mark my words that in the days and wish to come, you're whether you're going to have to like burn your TV. Mm-hmm. And the best part of the deal, I started the same amount of the go. The woman has a good point. And that is that what in the war kind of parents turn their kids, their little kids over to Michael Jackson, so we can, uh, caress and nozzle and uh do whatever we're uh, and this will know whatever that other word was. That bit would have been never learned. Huh? Nuzzle and nozzle and nozzle and nozzle and nozzle and nozzle and nozzle and nozzle and the wizard's will. Right. And drizzle. Yeah. Well, we're doing a weather report. There's a little drizzle. Yeah. The answer to your question is, probably it never let us a little drizzle. So anyway, what kind of parent does that in light of everything that we know about and and suspect about them and the previous allegations in 93. Schmuck, which is not an excuse because I believe beyond a shadow about, I don't know any other 45 year old guys who sleep with little boys or little girls and get away with it. And this bull crap on that British interview. Remember that thing? Oh, well, I just everybody should be doing that and everybody should just love and progress. Right. Who the hell do you think you're kid man? Remember the, like I said yesterday, the maid with all her revelations about what was going on in there and then of course, Latoya who just dragged him out of the closet and and we're supposed to have this convenient Alzheimer's again and the whole world is supposed to forget about it. Like I would say, right? Mm-hmm. That's the mood to just forget about it. Well, guess what? We're not gonna forget about it because of course that would be boring and we got like months and months of excitement coming up now. Why? And local, we are sports video five 60s, you and you, AEM. Yeah. This one goes out to all the people who they can sub kind of freak and they funnily and make it cry. Yeah, people like this. Just let it okay. So my nose looks a little nasty. Look at what happens when you have unnecessary one of the things I don't know why you make it so quick. You know what I'm saying? You took a look at my clothes. Oh my suits look like something out of the search of pepper. And my skin looks like something you see on the lever. Well, that hurts my feelings. And it makes me sad. I used to be so popular. I used to be bad. You know what? You know what? I used to be bad. So bad. Oh, you're home. You're not a jack-saure. You give me the creeps. You know what? And then call your family and kids. They don't say what you give. Wow. There's the, my hilarity and the fact that I started the Holy charity, you know the cancel. That's what I mean. But you can't even know something of no after you've made it. What's one of the stuff I bought by foot and I walk with a lot. No, not even fast enough to catch the bubbles for a chip. And that's why right now I'm sulking. Not in the fact that I'm still a novice for calling. I wish things would be good again that they were in the 80s. People have tried to look like a voodoo doll from Haiti. I'm not a jack-saure. Oh, yeah. And really, we are. Where did all your golf cookies come through? As my test bearing in the air, I'm just trying to start that. I'm not a jack-saure. You're not the real. Why don't you go home? You never land, leave outside and try to get the things. We're at radio stations here in Toronto. Stop playing Michael Jackson records. How do you like that? I like it a lot. Are we playing any of them? No. See, I rest in my case. We're not playing Michael Jackson songs. I'm surprised that every line on this board isn't lit up right now. Of course, you ought to our audience. Oh, well, we're not interested in that. We're more interested in world affairs and serious things. I got news for you. If the trial started tomorrow. Yeah. 95% of you will be sitting there glued to the screen. You probably even would learn to go a little football football. You probably would like to be sneaking a peek during their commercial breaks in a football games. You know what? And I know it, right? Because like I said, the OJ thing pailed into win significance. And then I had about a 60 share I think released about 30 minutes more than that. But this thing assuming it does go to trial. And what about this thing with the him? He's going to be a rain on January 9th. They said usually it's it within 30 days. How many days? About 30 minutes. But now it's January the 9th to give him plenty of time to go molestom or kids like it. Right. And I love the way Mark Garagos said, Michael is coming back to LA to confront these charges head on. He's going to come here and he's coming back because that's what there's a ward off for his arrest. He had a serrated to police number one and number two after he bonded out. He paid the $3 million bail. He got on that little dear jet when right back to Vegas. He's coming here to take these charges on head on. You know what? It's kind of like a modern day lynching to me. Uh-oh. Five, six, seven. Hey, that's your main to the case. Make no mistake about it. And then of course, Phil Specter, charged with murder. My god, the music world is in decay. What are we going to do? Bad news. Bad bad news. Here's the facts from Peggy. We had two female collars and our first faxes from a lady. So we're doing good with the ladies, Joe. That's because Joe Rose is on his early, even now. I heard you this morning stating that you're waiting didn't reflect your female listeners. I've been a faithful listener for the past 10 years since WIOD. When you're not on, I go through withdrawal. The seven months you were off the air before coming to QM were for a very long. Not long enough, Peggy. Believe me. My youngest son 13 commented to me the other day how screwed up the morning sure was. Why WQM could have the first team out again from the mouth of babes. She says, thank you, Peggy. Love you. Wow. And don't send your kid to Neverland. It's not a good idea. Never, never. No, seriously. What is that all about? What kind? I'm not, I'm because I believe he's guilty as hell. I always have because I read too much crap about it. And just ordinary regular people don't behave that way. This is a very, very disturbed individual who thinks that because of his fame and fortune, he can generally get away with whatever it really wants. And so far he succeeded in that, right? But nevertheless, what kind of responsible parent turns their kid over at I don't care, cancer victim or not, you know? You misspoke. What do you mean? You said responsible parent. What kind of asshole turns their kid over away? Well, not suspected pedophile. And again, there's the pot of money at the end of the rainbow. Here's a call from Miami. See line six is always a real short call. Here's Miami. Hello. Son of a bitch. Uh huh. Always a short call. Here's Tamara. Hello. Tamara. They're probably calling in for that. Dequire Coloss be back from Tamara. 567. We're got to get no action on the phone here today. I'll pay to that. And like I said, like in a normal market would like regular ordinary people. The people would have something to say, just like the questions on our poll today. Now, the second poll we're taking later is just their annual demographic survey to see if we have any audience left because I really believe that I'm I hope that I'm wrong. But I believe that the forl business has left us a gasping for oxygen and QA. I could be wrong. I hope so. But I think that we we've got to put all the pieces back together. Again, thanks a lot, Greg. First, you did a bring in a moment. So who totally messed it up the morning? Well, I mean, that wasn't first. That was like after several other miscues. And then we go through this ugly grotesque episode and the audience see one thing about radio audiences they likes stability. They didn't like when we went nine to one because there's no such time slot. It sucked. So we had to go through that for seven months. I'm more than that. Whatever hell I was. And he keeps jerking the audience around and jerking it around and it doesn't even feel good and they're getting sick and tired of it. I believe that. So Greg, thanks again. Just when you think he's fine, how many times have I said this? Both IOD and on this station. I know it sounds right. When are we ever going to get like at least one toe on the ground, you know? It's like Erica Strada. When will that trial ever put like one toe on the ground? Forget about getting your feet firmly planted on Terra firma, but just like one toe to kind of like bring things to a semblance of order. The audience likes stability. Never. We're never going to happen. Never. This is never, never, never land. All. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you? Pretty good. Great. Listen, no one ever just anything about his kicks and I use the word, Danny. Yeah, they have very loosely. Yeah, they've been talking about that like about what does the story going to happen with him. And not supposedly he went back to Vegas because he wanted to protect his kids and shelter them. Didn't want to bring him back to LA. Yeah. Well, his kids' mothers should be shotguned feet and throat for allowing their children to be raised by him. Yeah. There's no doubt about that. And if you don't don't just think that the pot of the end of the rainbow, the payoff was pretty good for them. You know that. Oh, there's no doubt about that. But from what we hear, such as other trouble, the pot keeps getting smaller. Good. Good. Well, that's my key sentence. I have a great day. Pock keeps getting smaller because he keeps picking a seeds out of it. Or maybe that was that little boy's. Back to him. Pick and seeds. From I don't know. Record producer Phil Spectre charged with murder. What? That bastard. I mean, this is not a new story. It's an old story, but they finally got I guess LA finally figures that if they can't have enough people that they are trying to convict them. They'll get a conviction sometime. Eventually. Have they ever, not yet? I think Charlie Manse was last major figure. They ever convicted out there. Anybody else? That's because he wasn't that much of a celebrity. Not them. No. Use it. Producer Phil Spectre known for his creation of the wall of sound was charged yesterday with murdering the shooting of actress Lana Clarkson, the LA District Attorney's office said. And his acting, the frame of the LA, what is it? Alhamper Superior Court, Spectre pleaded non-gilly. Judset the next court date for January 23rd. Spectre 62 was arrested February 3rd last year after a 30-spon Clarkson's body in a pool of blood at the entrance to Spectre's mansion. His driver called 911 reporting gunfire inside the home. A corner's report concluded that Clarkson 40 was the victim of a homo side. Sheriff's authority said Spectre was the only suspect. There was released on a million dollars. Oh, it's big and of Arlin's Spectre. Man, I'm going to tell you Peter Jennings and you assholes that ABC news. What a white wash. They had on that. I'm glad somebody mentioned that yesterday because I never watched ABC. Last night, 10 a midnight, I saw some of it. A two hour piece. The bunking, all the conspiracy theories on the assassination of JFKs and St. Marys the 40th anniversary of his assassination November 2263. I have never in my life seen such a one-sided piece of garbage, even the people of Foxwood have been embarrassed. The part of the show that I saw they didn't bring on anybody to challenge the assertions that were making. Well, Governor Carly was really sitting three inches blood to the prison and actually a little bit below Edbaba and the bullet didn't hang in here. I mean, they even showed Arlin's Spectre at Mending that it was a highly unusual trajectory for a bullet. You know, you really had a suspend belief, but nevertheless, this is what happened. Yadi, Yadi. Even he admitted that the inventor of the single, the magic bullet theory and everything that we've read and heard, not the other people, it was, it's just unbelievable that they put that kind of crap on here because the media are willing co-conspirators, man. They want to help to brainwash the public. Oh, there was no conspiracy. Nobody scored your government from you. So it was big oil, man. Another big, uh, lunatics in Texas in his country. They had nothing to do with any of that. And Jack Rubie was just an angry American. He went in there and Charlie Harvey Oswell because he was so distraught about the killing of his beloved president, which of course was totally untrue, right? Totally untrue. He went in there to shut him up. Oh, but we are supposed to hear about Jack Rubie's ties, but I'm not sure about how Lee Harvey Oswell is people in New Orleans. All of that stuff, you know? And they discredit and destroyed Jim Garrison. Anybody who dares to challenge man is a buffoon. Mark Lane was a buffoon. Jim Garrison was a buffoon. And then they're showing these clips from my JFK Oliver Stone. Well, we know Oliver Stone is a buffoon. There's no doubt about that. He's an asshole. And as much as, yeah, it was a long move. We'll be able to kill some good time. I can't find executive action. I've looked at every one of the stores in town. I can't find it. I've seen it a couple of times about a board of thought. I would have been nice to see again now. I looked on the video tapes and also on the DVDs. No luck. I checked in my DVDs. Nothing. Is that incredible or what? Have you tried Amazon? All right. I could get that, but I was thinking I wanted to see it right now. We got a nice even 200 votes on the poll right now. What do you think of the media frenzy on a Michael Jackson arrest? And don't tell me that you didn't see any of it that you're not going to watch the trial if it comes to that if they put it on court TV because I'm already anticipating. Remember during O.J. we would like every day put some of the stuff on the year. Right. And I remember that day that we hooked up with the KFI and whatnot. KFI. What was it? Yeah, it was KFI, the cox station in LA. And the day that the verdict came down. I'm sitting there and I'm listening and I thought to myself, oh my god. Right. Holy crap. Are you shitting me? Not guilty? 200 votes. It's a lucky break for forced media frenzy on Michael Michael Motorcycle 62 votes. It's absolutely pathetic. 46. I don't give a shmit about it. 39. The media is sick and needs help badly. 33. I love every minute of it. 16. And hey, schmuck. He's the king of plop. Howard David's a bitch. Absolutely. Hey, this is Thorn's Afrono of I think you were sitting down for delicious Thanksgiving turkey from the soprano's cookie ball. H bars is painstakingly tenderized by a friend of ours. Paulie Walnut's. Hey, Paulie. You're not for the baseball bat. That's a turkey. Not a parrony cab. That's sorry, con, but the thing looked at me fun. At the soprano's cookie form, you tell us who's cookie you all wait. And we take care of it. You place up a front and have a job done. Kabeesh. Hey, Paulie. I'm going to tell you this one shop is the back of the head. Sorry, Paul. I think you got all talking about my mother. The soprano's cookie form, even off his free delivery. Get with stub your turkey in the bowling bag. Jordan, the trunk and then dumped that thing on your front lawn in the middle of the night. The boy's a frown. The soprano's turkey farm. Well, we'll always figure you like father and a family. Love our one at five 60 WCM happy Friday too. Guess what they're talking about on CNN. Maybe a peace sign. He then boarded a private plane back to Las Vegas. I'm going to tell you whether you're like her not folks. And obviously a lot of people already are disgusted. At least so they claim you're going to have Michael Jackson and you're refrigerated. When you open up the refrigerator door, it'll be a sound. And your pop-up postures are going to be going everywhere you look. When you pick up your directly into cleaners, there's going to be a little sound inside of that sack. When you open up your decoy, Colossus will be mad to pull out the sweet low and a dill pickle. There will be that sound everywhere you look. You can't get away from it. So what is one of those things? It will be all encompassing. That's my prediction. Here's another prediction. Yeah. There is a Chinaman's chance in purgatory. They're going to convict him of anything. I agree. No chance. I agree. Because it's the kids' word against his. They got the video tape even though it was made before. As supposedly before this incident occurred or the series of video tape, the mother of a kid saying Michael is treated as wonderfully and he never restore or freight train and nothing on toward his habit and how can anybody have ever said those things about him and Yadiyada and then also allegedly after these incidents occurred, they still came back to neverland. Right. So I think that a lot of you people out there that don't give a crap about your kids. I mean, if you want to come up with some real heavy duty cash, right, got a better chance to this then when you're lottery, to bet I got girls. Because he ain't never going to stop doing it. No. I'm sure that you're a little girl. How old is she now about two? Almost. Almost two. No. I'm sure that we got some people out there. I don't want to say nothing about suburbity. She's a sweetheart. She's told for that anyway. How old is she 15? Right. Good one. See, I know what crap what I'm talking about. So anyway, more importantly. Yes. I was going to be a nice guy and get you executive action, but it's not yet available on DVD. Well, what I don't need an on DVD. What about the video tape? VHS has the used VHS and I hate those things. But you'll understand, this isn't the kind of thing you're going to watch for the quality for the beauty of the picture. It's in black and white first of all. So how bad can the picture be? Now I'll all I'll find it somewhere. I'll find it like in an old VHS. I'll find it's an abandoned. You think now if they had any brains, which of course these people though, you think that they would have released an anticipation of the big rush through a V with tomorrow being November 22. Wouldn't you? No, they didn't either. Here's a call from Dania. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning. How are you? I'm great. Did you happen to see are you sitting down for this one? I'm happy to scrap right in. Did you see the news footage of the Broward Sheriff's deputy's taken Marygan Ollafond out of the Broward Governor's government or not? Because they're not showing that here. Yes. And some of her workers were clapping. How was clapping when that story when we got somebody passes that story as did I was a high five of myself? I was waiting for that one for a long time. I didn't know. Better late than never, man. Also, why does it? Why does it? I think it's a modern day lynching. Oh, for bright. She was a high writing bitch. She deserved to lose her job. Amen. Why does the news media think that we care about Scott Peterson or any of these other things? Is that I have a life. I don't care. I don't know. Wait a minute. See, here. There's something I talked about back during the alien days. The news media doesn't care whether you do care what they do is they tell us what we must care about and they in a data with us to the point where you can't escape it. They they tell it like the alien thing. There wasn't an important story. It was a child custody case and a media made it into something bigger than life and they got everybody whipped up on all sides around and they told us that we have to immerse ourselves at this point. It's more important than we shouldn't have even given a two second thought. Yeah, but there's a lot more important things to be thinking about. There's not only in people that need a job in this country. But isn't this a good diversion from all of those things though? Isn't this a convenient diversion? Because I don't really care about him. I'm not saying that it's archastically. I'm talking about the fact that it's a very convenient diversion and takes away the spotlight from those people who are trying to be reelected. By the way, Michael Moore was on C-SPAN on Sunday night for a whole hour. Do you catch that one? No, he did not. Oh, he called Bush a serial liar. It was a one right. It was a one right. It was a person. Have a great day. He's a good guy to scrub. But every time he calls you once you go off him as long speech, it's kind of preaching the choir. We know we've got 85,000 articles just this week alone on our website saying basically the same thing. Nice going, Michael Moore, you go boy. 75 people on the media, friends, you got Michael Michael 75. It's a lucky break for Bush. It's absolutely pathetic 53. I don't give a shit about it 42. The media is sick and needs help badly 36. I love every minute of a 19 and hey, shwuck, he's the king of pop nine. How much and that's what Robert Green provoked. That's what. Here's for a lot of the one. That's all right. You see, you know, no water. I have the ferry. My pocket's been out the money for the part. Yeah. Oh, yes sir. How are you doing? I'm trying to look me interrupted a very important transaction. That was good. Now everything's fine. Just a couple of quick things. If you take a look at the papers, if Steve Warren down here watching KBS, but they around the country, they really actually know what was going on. Did you see USA today and now why it's erupting in Miami? Yeah. It's just ridiculous how if people don't know what's going on in a certain area, they could be told something. And that's like, Pablo's dog. People just they ring the bell and people go along with what they believe. Well, they were just showing that story again about the FTA on CNN and they don't put on their day. But they have a habit now. They leave a trillion file footage from a previous day or even a previous week or a month or a year. And they, they don't put that on the screen. So you're think this is actually going on right now. And then when you listen to the audio, you realize this is just taped that they made yesterday of the cops beat enough. Some of these people and the batons and rubber bullets and the tear gas all of the Southern crap. And you notice the one good thing, though the FTA closed, they said, let's get out of here and close up a day early and they're all gone. So the coast is clear in Miami. But you're right. One quick thing, Neil, yesterday you had the poll. We couldn't get through. But one name for that and I know you'd like this one, Sandy co-fax. What's not to life? It was you. He had the, he had the Larry King. Right. And he stood up for his beliefs and he was a great athlete and you know who's who wouldn't want to get to go out to be at least your kid wouldn't have to work on your himkipper anyway. Hey, have a wonderful day Neil. And you two, Zagazon. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, who wouldn't want to be like Sandy co-fax. Although it's great of a picture, he wasn't pretty good guy. He always seemed a little boring to me, but that's okay. Better be boring than like a little too flamboyant. You know, like certain people we know. Hope. Michael Michael Motorcycle. You wouldn't want your kid to be quite like that. Maybe. How was that possible? I don't think anybody has that possible. Lottery plastic surgery plastic and spastic. Those are the two words to be looking for man. Plastic and spastic. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey Neil, please. How you doing? Okay. Absolutely insane. This Michael Jackson incident. It's going to destroy the media for the next year. Right. And of course, like I said, the beginning of the show. This is the year that we ought to be concentrating on things that might be a little more important than that. Absolutely, they're spending the war, the battle. And instead we're going to be inundated with Jacko the Waco. Right. Stupid ship funk. Now the thing is, another point. And I tried to get through, but I couldn't be obscure films. I've got a good one for you. Okay. So I'm green. Oh, that's excellent. I love that one. I've seen it four times, right? I did want to put that in. But this Jacko thing is just going to draw everybody much. And there's no end in sight. It's good. We had no fear. There was an atta, wasn't it Bruce Dern? Yes. Yes. That was a young crew there. And I said, that was a police 71 or 72. But that was a good film. Anyway, but the Jacko thing is out of control. And the media is going to take off running with it. It's going to be a media service. It's a total waste of money in waste of time. Resources that the country should be paying attention to, the government, politics, important issues, money issues. But they won't. The country should be paying. Okay, it has his cell phone crap out. Here's one good piece of news for your lawmakers to find Bolshe on media rules negotiators back move to stop the FCC from easing ownership limits. Oh, House and Senator Gocheators last night to fight a White House veto threatened agreed to a provision that would prevent the FCC from loosening rules on ownership of multiple media outlets. With little discussion, the lawmakers tentatively included the measurement a huge evolving spending package needed to fund agencies and programs in areas where the House and Senate couldn't reach final agreement. The decision is a big setback for President Bush who was strongly endorsed the rule change. The plan drafted by FCC chairman Michael K. Powell would have allowed a company to own TV stations that could be almost half the viewing public in a given area. The House and negotiators couldn't resolve another major dispute between Congress and a White House. This went over the administration's bid to change the nation's policies on overtime pay. The House last month reversed course and joined the Senate appropriations committee and opposing White House efforts to make it easier for employees to exempt many higher paid workers from overtime pay. The House and Markets significant victory for Democrats and labor leaders who said the administration's plan would deny overtime benefit to its submitted employees when they work more than 40 hours a week. And it goes on and on. But anyway, that they're trying their best. At least give them a little bit of high marks for that that the Congress is trying to like or because they know they're in from all our constituents. Everybody with a brain knows that this whole deregulation crap and letting a few companies buy up every damn radio and TV station newspaper in America would even make worse and all ready bad situation. When they started doing this, I told you this is the beginning of the end and I was I'm so willing to wrap your question about it. I'm going to give the audience the public greater choices. How are you people kid me see like father like son Michael Powell another sell out another phony chairman of the FCC son of Colin Powell. See, Colin, I'm not telling you one thing about him. He at least put on a good act. You know, same for years. Like, oh, well, he's not one of these white ring fanatics and he's above the free and he doesn't agree with Rumsfeld on this whole erecting and he's not a hawk and he's not part of this in all the chicken hawk deal because he was actually a military guy. Well, guess what? I guess that you lied and lied to his teeth a week before he went to the U.M. were all in maps and pictures. He was saying, I'm not going to read this bullshit. Remember that he was put it directly. Right. And then, ever not, they somebody made him an offer. He couldn't refuse and said, well, guess what, you'll read it. Oh, okay. Does he have a brother? Where's a pan-poor in the red ball on top? Yes. 12 minutes after 11 at 5.60 WDQ. I am. Michael Michael Motorcycle keeps saying that baby. Michael Michael he'll be everywhere. He'll be in your damn, uh, cost to be back like I said. I think they should try that money of Pomp and O'Parks. Don't you want to think I to lose? Money? With every free spaghetti dinner, a decoy, a cost to me, back, working to hide all the goods you're going to steal. All the silverware, the sweet and low. If they've done that, it's a pumper next to him. I still be in business. On you old farts, uh, let me tell you, you're not fooling me for a second. You robbing thieving grave robbers, stealing all that crap, put every deliant town out of business. Just better hope that Wesley Clark keeps coming back to town to draw a crowd. Hey, General Clark, we're going to kick off your campaign at the Rascal House at the deli then. Oh, you're so, uh, Hamish. I'll tell you one thing. Speaking of home and tasha, do you like to waste bulket? Everybody in the world now is either on the acens or they're criticizing under the, but they're talking about it. There's that article we got today about how other group of people saying, oh, it's going to kill you. But the bottom line, like I said, is everybody is on low carb that because they realize that we find carbohydrates be bad and they will kill you too many of them, especially if you're like borderline diabetic or diabetic. Go already, like some of us. At the likes of West Boca, you'll find everything you're looking for with some taste to keep you on your low carb, diameter, what it is. Over a thousand low carb products like braids and bagels, muffins and cheese cakes, chocolates, brownies, pasta, sauces, chips and dips, soups, ketchups that delicious carb a lot ice cream and lots of new things like control carb brownies and seven flavors, just chocolate, vanilla, egg creams, the flax omelguinola. Judy's low carb peanut brittle, individual sized cheese case and four flavors. They're delicious. Cup of soup, it makes a real quick easy meal just pop it into microwave with water, champion like drinks are back in five delicious flavors and La Nuba jams and seven gourmet flavors just jam on it. So if you really want to find some tasty and great neat stuff that you can enjoy, you'll be a little bit of taste put a smile on your post. This is the story. You can do it and of course, it delights you can try anything in the store before you buy it. Throw up in every day, seven days a week, ten to ten. All the atkins brand products are in sale today. Tomorrow next morning, Lucas and every day, after lights you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441. Right next to Boston Market in prestigious Boca. Call them tool free at 1-877 low carb. That's with a W. Or on the web you'll find them at lowcarb.com. That's also with a W. Delights watch poker your official atkins retail center. It's a style that's beyond compare at a language that's beyond comprehension. On a macy gray Christmas, macy sings all her U.S. I favorites like high-dangering hands, but you're here and this in the cyclical classes. Macy gray Christmas. Macy gray Christmas is available at your local gang at 1119 at 5.60 WQAM happy Friday too. We got Curtis Stevenson pillowed for the Mad Dog. They were there. You decided to give me a day off because you had to bring it in our podium today is the role model of the century for all your sons. Jim Mandage. We're going to go role model this afternoon. Is he really? Right. He's rolling a whole bunch of models. Hey, Goldberg for the seven. A humpback. Dave wants that show five to six. So, thanks for the only got a two-hour gig and we got the panther preview with seven. The trashers at the panther is seven thirty and I'd the panther's of course are in a coma Rick who put the a dozen Dudley. Iced on Rick. But anyway go out there and enjoy yourself because it's Jimmy Donald's three thousand ten-h-l-broughcast. I just said the only moments ago you can't say to often can you know just to piss off Goldie who wants his job. And then also we got the current said be sure and tell him about this because it's the best kept secret in the world. We got love it Christian and you and basketball. Well, let's start to the same time as the hockey game. So we decided either we have like side by each in stereo and each speaker but since we don't have a stereo we're farming that one out to ten twenty on your AMD. Is anybody have any idea what station that is? No, I swear it's deal with the call it is our. No. I didn't even know there was a ten twenty on your AMD. But anyway that's where you'll find the U.M. basketball game against Lubbock Christian. Eddie came out to the hockey game ten thirty right here on a QM and in two to six overnight he has been made because it's cheap and nobody's listening anyway. And because Mo needs that big lead in on the Monday morning. 567. 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I'm tempted. I don't know what I'm going to do it or not. I want to get Eric all better to shape before the weekend. But I'm tempted to like do an intermediary pull like then between like one and two or I don't know about what maybe noon and two. Huh? About what? About the for real situation. I mean I know we already did two. Can we do two? We did last Thursday and finally. But I just think there's another question there because well, we'll see that we all I think we did three because that we did the Joe Rose. Right. We've done three. Would that be out of uh step? No. If I did that. Yeah. There would. Good. Well good. And I'd like to do it because I always like to be out of step. I don't want to like be in a lot step. I don't want to boost that for anybody including the management of this joint which you're really they just keep screwing it up and screw it up and I don't like it. I understand why things happen and how they happen better than a lot of UX for it's out there made you're laying to think you know what all you don't know what's going on inside. But uh it's just just concerning the fact that a man who keeps making all of these mistakes over and over again and screw in a place up and he why he's like uh uh to the Teflon GM. Yeah. How how is that possible? He must have naked pictures in a beastly. He's with a Billy Goat's up in a tree. Great. We're talking about yeah. He's got to have the naked pictures. Oh and by the way I don't know if you heard this yesterday that I mentioned it on the year. The reason we finally found out the reason that we were able to get Tony Blair to go along with Bush on a war in Iraq on the Iraq attack. Yeah. The Bush might lose had those naked pictures of Prince Charles with his killed up in a year. Saying the Butler done it. I'm Tony. That's the reason that was a little black milled. Royal family was a little better shape. That's why he spent so much time with that queen over there. Here's a call from the temper of pine. Hello. Okay sir. That wasn't that he's pushed ahead of a CIA. Yes. See you know he's highly trained in ways to get things done. Shady you know that whole family lady. Some shady yeah. Put his son in office. It's got. Okay good. That was good. Well he's just kind of like it's you know he's just thinking out loud. Stream of unconsciousness. Is that what they call it? He's streaming it man. 287 votes. It's a lucky break for Bush. All this media friends. The Michael Jackson's arrest 84 said that. It's absolutely pathetic 65 pathetic. I don't give a shmit about it 52. The media is sick. It needs help badly 48. I love every minute of it only 27.99%. And H. Buck, he's the king of pop 11. And as a result of me. Look, look at his ABC news greatly outraged. Setting the stage for what could be one of the most sensational celebrity court cases ever. Pot see this this is what America has become. I totally this started with O.J. And now with court TV of course and then networks will hop in on this as well if they can if they let them. It's which sensational trial are we following now we have already forgotten about Gary counted in for our what that was in Amshan Relievee. Everybody's forgotten about that right. There's a girl who that's us my right. But we've got we go from one to another. So to answer the guy to call earlier about how come we're supposed to care about Scott Laci Peterson because that's what they got right now. You know I mean Robert Blake well it looks like he's going to get opposite of that or Freck was I was going to please you because you said the bitch had to come in. Bitch had to come in. So Robert Blake is small potatoes that may not even happen. But they got to have something because they're and the alien thing even wasn't a trial per se. It was another sensational story that according to them, they could look everybody up into a frenzy about and appealed to everybody's emotions and we had on the one side of his steric or coobano and many people who hate everybody who don't speak English on the other side and the rational ones of us in the middle realized that didn't amount to a pill of beans. As the media continue in America telling you folks what you need to know what you need to be thinking about what you need to be excited about or at least what they think you want to know because they can capitalize because there are a bunch of horrors man. There are a bunch of grave robbers and they can get those numbers up. They can zoom the ratings up there and it's going to be all Michael all day. When surprised me I'd like to I'd like to have control of what will be uh cable networks. The micro-microbotocycle channel all Michael all day. Here's a lady in four Latterdale hello. Hey lady, call her here. Yes man three and I can't believe it already. Yeah I was just calling about someone that mentioned soil and green and it wasn't Brewster and it was your friend and Michael Moore's that started that movie Charlottesston. Brewster wasn't in it? He may have been in it but Charlottesston had the storing role. But Brewster might have been the villain or something. Right I saw it so many years ago. Yeah and Charlottes did another movie like that besides plan of the eighth soil and green another obscure one futuristic is called the Omega Man. Oh that wasn't that obscure. The Omega Man was the green. It was the rip off of a movie that Vincent Price did originally which would have had a different name. Omega Man was like he was the last one of the last survivors on earth after an nuclear attack. Yeah yeah human some in a black leg. Right after plague whatever it all was. Swim and green started the Charlottesston you rightly tailor young Edward G. Robinson. Chuck Conner's Joseph Cotton. Brewster Peters Paulic Kelly might can be in Whitt Bistle. Brewster wouldn't even in it. Oh nor or in a sport mind like the norm. I didn't know where on his board night was in there. He was thinking of a kill name. He was probably probably thinking of a crawl mold and they had the same nose. Okay well thanks and join the show Neil. Thanks everybody we can. Bye bye. 20 6 after live at at 5.60 year in a row if we don't know what to help we're doing station QAM. 1 pill that you browse in my friends and then also make you high. Give a one's my housemate gave me a baby it's a home of a guy. Go ask well. Your show can be well supply. Downing them who falls he'll be carrying a ring me to a higher asshole plate. I can have a groom. Grug. Not good boasted thanks to my friends in a higher moral place. Go ask well. 2 pages of force and a handful of force balls. You see it. I packed my sub-legates and ready to build those ovens. The birds you see in other the center of the screens. Let's extract the gold of their teeth and donate the proceeds to the RNC. And we're going to apply for the glorious leader. On the west. On the west. On the west. You'll get your through the show. By putting an order. And a report should to justify your ceiling page. Out my ass. I'm talking backwards. My dinner head friends. Oh damn now's lovely. Let's get these guys. Let's go. Yeah. Remembers. What worse winball. Oh drug abusers. Should be dead. It's 1132 at 560. BC in Miami, Fox. And says here's something I've bought on my word. A day calendar. Olegarchy. Definition. Government by a few especially by a small faction of persons or families. Those making upsets a government and second definition is take government by a few persons. Kind of sounds like the Bush isn't a haliberate. And he says and how about Saudi Arabia. It sounds like to me too. I'm quite. I mean right on and money. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. Wireless line. Why got a real pile here. Here's some a bad news for you. Parasultant people. Socialite Parasultant star of an upcoming Fox reality series and an inadvertently internet icon is pulling out of renounced interview on the David Letterman Late Show. She was who appeared in November 26th on the CBS Late Night Show. The never said yes that his spokesman for the show said he'll have been booked as against several weeks ago. But yes that a morning a spokesman. A Dan Clark communications the public relations from that represents Parasultant. So the 20-year-old was scrapping all-played me appearances abroad her new TV show. The air is to the Hilton Fortune co-stars in the upcoming Fox series The Simple Life. And which he and Nicole Richie line over to his daughter lived on a farm for a few weeks. The two-part premier airs December 2nd and third. The spokesman said no slide on vitamin was intended yet that he had that he'll want to keep a lower profile. I can't imagine why because it's extraordinary amount of attention to the TV series from our now ubiquitous internet porn video. She said this week she was embarrassed and humiliated that a homemade text video she shot three years ago with then boyfriend Rick Salomon who's a lot better looking she is by the way has been making rounds online. He's a lot prettier than she is. So she is a nasty, nasty looking bitch with a pinch nose. Now maybe some guys find that attractive I don't know. But she's got their real like thin skinnier like pinched her like that. She can use it as a screw driver. 560560 pound 560 on a AT and T line here's Boko hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I'd like to entitle my comments why I couldn't care less about Michael or any of these trials. And why? It doesn't matter. Go ahead ahead. Newsmax this morning interviewed a general former general in the Bush administration. You need to check that article. It's something like this. If a weapon of defense destruction is used on America that's the constitution would be toast and that there'd be a military government. Yeah. I want to check that article. I wouldn't read any article on newsmax.com if you paid me by the word. But it's very interesting because this is a bushy. This is a bushy like you're saying. I understand. What the next plan is. Now I don't know how to handle it. I know there's a mentality. If you read the P-NAC with these Neo-Con's five right. That is right. Before September 11th, when September 11th happened where they really kind of needed a Pearl Harbor incident. Right. That's correct. When did you kind of be nodding and going? Mm-hmm. There it is. Okay. So there it is. You know. I'm not exactly as a theorist. I mean, it's not a conspiracy theory if it happens. Right. Mm-hmm. And I think... Marshall Law, baby. Marshall Law, we are a disbando. Just suspend the whole Bill of Rights, the whole Constitution. And everybody has to go step along. Hey, the elections looking bad. I figured by next summer they'll drop a little something somewhere long Texas. So our glorious leader can say, you know, don't mess with Texas and he can be all pious and grieving for his home state. And you follow in this? I'll do a doctor to do anything in Texas. I'll guarantee him to be there. How long the coast will drop a little something? Kill about 100,000. They're setting us up for it. Could be. I think there's something going to happen. I don't want to be a predictor of doom and gloom. But I think that something may happen before the election. I put nothing beyond these people. Yeah, I agree. Hey, do me a favor, ground control to major long. Okay. I love that. And a great day, pal. Okay. What is that called? Chinese Space Man. Chinese Space Man, you're right. How soon they forget? I've got to hear. Fine, I wish one of these you talking about. Is it the, uh, Boca Brion one of the other one? As far as I know. What? Boca Brion one. Now we got the other one too. Well, I'll play a boat. Hey, there you go. Just to make sure. Did have the other one. Don't tell me that I ain't got it. I'll find both during the one to two all bits hour. Ha ha ha. What you're talking about? Oh, and just I know I think just wishful thinking. Is that going to be every day or just next Friday perhaps? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 1, 5, 60 on the AT and T line. I'm just looking for a certain disc. I'll find it. I'm not going to play it right now anyway, but it just want to make sure I have it in my hand and the disc too. 24 till no, we got the Curtis Stevenson for the Mad Dog 2 to 4 this afternoon. And don't like it. Be too loud because what we're going to have like a him. Curtis is good. He's a good guy. He's his crap. I mean, nobody else is the Mad Dog, but Curtis will do a good job. Trust me. Here's a call from on Miramar. Hello. Yeah, dropped it. Here's a what is it? Little Havana. Hello. Absolutely. We're okay. Good for you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pretty lame man. Some heavy duty stuff going on and pretty weak response. Very lame as usual in South Florida because the middle name of most of these people is a little bit like that. And I cuis smaller than their little toe. tragic. We'll take a few more. And I might just got a whole pile of stuff. It's a lot more important than I'm listening. You know, it's not about that. You know, measure them all. And by the way, thanks for listening religiously. The highly rated top rate in the garage show on 560 QAM. All you miss fits, all you game players. All you silly people to think that you're very amusing and very we don't care because I could pay the same way like I told you a long time ago. I got a whole different altitude about all these things. All of these things. You know, and if you're smart, you'll adopt the same thing. Oh yeah. Here's a call from Tampa. It says hello. Hey, I'm going to yell. Yes, sir. I just wanted you to be the first person I called using my new when I was broadband phone service. Right. Basically what it is is it's a service for 35 bucks a month. You get all your local long distance, including Canada, all the extra features. And you use your phone phone. And it routes it through the internet. So I'm calling you on my home phone, but it's routed through the internet. Well, I'll be there. It sounds not too bad. Not bad. It sounds pretty good. You get all the extra features, especially get a second flying word. If you have a relative living in another state, they can get another phone number. Sounds like you're calling from Temple Terrace. Yeah. Also, I've got a new program that I'm able to record you off the internet. Download it through the MP3 file. And then when I get home and go walking at night, I can send it over to my iPod. And listen to you while I'm not walking. Well, don't let anybody over there fight out where you're listening to. Man, we won't be seeing you no more. Well, you got a lot of fans over here believe me. And I'll bet. I'll see you later. Have a great day, pal. Thank you. See you. I like that. That was a pretty interesting one. No, I was hoping he was going to say cable. I thought that was marginally interesting, not? No, I mean, he's very excited about it. I don't think anybody else cares. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We asked today. I'm going to change the pull at noon. I'm not going to tell you what it is yet. OK. And the people say, well, you already took three pulls about that holding and probably maybe management will feel the same way. So I don't think it's over. I mean, as far as the angst, I think there's a lot of anger and pissed off. And it is, and this is nothing against your roast who's we love Joe and we certainly pray, pray that he's in their permanent. This business of well, you know, the lineup keeps changing like people change their underwear like once every couple of weeks. That's not acceptable. That last guy just say that in Tampa, they change their underwear every two or three weeks Saturday. How do you think of the media frenzy on a Michael Jackson West where I said on this first pull, 127 votes not bad. It's a lucky break for Bush 98. And obviously it's the diversion. Perversion is the diversion. It's absolutely pathetic. 69. Look at that. I don't give a Schmidt about a 59. Media Sickening. It's how badly 58. I love every minute of it. But third man. And H. Machi's the king of pop 13. And he is any. Yeah, he's that's so. There, there. They're doing this story yesterday. And this dumb bitch, I wish I knew what her name was the same one that was like falling apart of the seams when Germans started like bitching her out. And she says, oh, and there he is now. There's the king of pop. And I thought to myself, this is a huge child of a lesbian. You stupid bitch. You crazy sluck. What the hell are you doing on there? And he certainly not knows that work. The king of pop. Yeah, pop this bitch. I'm a girl. Why do you know? We're sports radio five six six. You a M. My every town. Five six. I'm a movie. I'm a movie. You a M. I'm a movie. Ground cut to a major moon. Ground cut to a major moon. Ground cut to a major moon. Round cut to a major moon. You'll tell us we go put on an energy lift This is not true, but we'll make a hole You'll throw about 20-30 minutes But you'll live out by the delivery area And that's how come you gotta come and pick it up Yeah, I'm into the back door Yeah, this is made a long, long, long, long, long I got a few complaints How the heck I'd pull the feet, I want to pull You plan your foot, can't talk in me a pressix, pull you pull What's this? Why you don't give me my saffacad? My saffacad! To put on the feet, to get a full force This is gonna be a real bad fight You'll laugh out my pork fry rice! What are you thinking? I'll tell you what, if anybody in America It doesn't have a drawer full of mustard packets and soy sauce You just don't know your chinks, man I can't have enough soy sauce 147 at 5.60W for you I'm not sure if you can get my revised second pull Because the third one will do like after the show for the whole weekend The demographic thing is nothing to talk about There's just a scene if we got anybody listening Yes, I did And I thought they might be Okay, pull number two, it's gonna start at noon Eric, I'm sorry to hate you so short with this Cause I had no attention to doing it But it just struck me, I don't know I just had this feeling Do you have the feeling? I'm feeling? Cause I just don't think that especially the articles By very jackass and the anxious Jim Sarnie in the Sun Several this morning But those two articles and there even was Sarnie had basically nothing to say Except mistakes This just isn't over yet And it reminds of the public out there You're working in the public And you finally get to the point where you think Okay, we finally do something, you know? And then Greg just keeps crumbling and crumbling and Stumbling and fumbling and just he's just an idiot Is what he is I mean if you looked at him if you look at our general manager and part Over this radio station you'd say, wow, are you kidding me? You look at him and say You call that a penis? Yeah, just kind of like when you look at Joseph Gackie's face Since WQ Empire it's Scott Farell Four choices, I don't think we need any others Am I leaving anything out here? Cause I know I did the bad on that one No, I think he ate the one Since Q Empire it's Scott Farell I'm listening to QM more, I'm listening to QM less I'm listening to QM about the same amount Or I don't know but I'm still pissed off and fired up Okay Or do we also want to have on here? I couldn't care less Isn't that it? I'm listening about the same Okay I mean that the last category is, I don't know I just just feel that we always have to have like an out And escape patch for some people who want to see it The different way Well it doesn't hurt to put that on there Does it hurt? It hurts I couldn't care less Just, you know just for those people who just say you did not The sports people or whatever Could they kind of counterbalance that the fourth one So there's the five choices that pull to be up on And no one can go on on the OIGER's.com Let me just also say this about our website If you go to the features page Cause we have no people coming in all the time And discovering the show like how many years About third man Yeah and if you go to our website And click on the features page A lot of the stuff that's the long run of main home page there You'll find the some of the most stuff And some of the less stuff And some of the most Some pretty interesting crafts Some amusing stuff Well I thought we were done talking about Michael What do you mean by that? No less 354 votes on the molester What do you think of the media frenzy And a Michael Jackson and Risen believe me? You ain't seen nothing yet This is only the beginning Because you know that all these networks now Especially the talking head that were They're putting together the panels They got the panel You know they got all the usual suspects on there You only want to won't be able to have out of his Mark Garagos Of course Cause he has invested interest But if you think you heard loud You won't be able to escape it I'm telling you when it rains When it rains Little droplets of the Spackle it's on his glove You know that'll be like all over you What do they call that? Cracklen's glitter Glitter Gary Glitter will be there He'd talk about trauma lesson 254 votes He was just doing kidney porn He never got accused of actually molesting anybody Correct, he just had to stop on his hard drive He just looked at it and was hard Lucky bright for Bush this friends he would have made And the good diversion man 111 votes Absolutely pathetic 76 The media is sick and needs help Badly 61 I don't give a Schmidt about it 59 I love every minute of it only 33 And he hesh muckies the king of pop 14 Meaning we have it to get with it Because this is more important than anything I'll see even in Jerry Springer and The rookie lake and Rosie O'Donnell and anything else in the world I might be going on this is it Here's Virginia garden So No Yes How are you doing my friend? Okay Hey, listen I want to thank you everyone I want to call you for years on this first world I Jimmy Danny skits that you guys have Jimmy and Danny, I'm going to play you inspired me Oh man, you're the man, listen Hey, I want to thank you also for that Canadian broadcaster Please just tell him whatever it was Right the CBCA Listen, yeah That I man I emailed that to everybody I will Excellent That was the bomb and I want to agree with that Go say the bomb man Don't say that That's why I'm leading to that collar Who said that they're going to do something in Texas I probably believe in that I just wanted to say that And I just want to say you rock boogie I'm right Thank you guys Thanks, paley Have a great day We have the FTAA That's all over Hey, Dave County, the coast is clear Is it clear? Is it clear? What's speaking of clear? Now this is see I know I'm going to say something now And I know I've never done it before to rough anybody's feathers But there's always a first time Here's an article from the Boston Globe We've said got a great website If you go to Boston.com Don't go to their regular newspaper website Cause that's all stuff from the newspaper And tomorrow we'll Boston.com updates Consistently like some other ones Attorney General of Massachusetts The Justice Bill same sex benefits without marriage Attorney General Thomas F. Riley said yesterday He believes the Supreme Court judicial courts decision on gay marriage There's not required the state-tation Traditional marriage licenses to gay couples And suggested legislature should test the ruling with the bill that offer same sex couples Full protection benefits without lying to the Mary You know something I have no problem with that Oh, Jeaniel, what a sellout you faggot What's the problem with that? Isn't that really what supposedly people are looking for? What's the difference? What's the name? What's in it? That's my point. What difference is the make what they call a difference being That it takes away a big part of the argument from all these religions and goody to well the Institute of Marriage For 3000 years all of that crap well And don't call it that called something else But legally you got everything you want right right I think it's a fine compromise I think that the 70s people everybody should have exactly the same rights But our pushing a little bit too much at the wrong time right people with a selection coming up And it's the last thing we need to do is Schmidt can some democratic candidate and put him lucky in a catch 22 So that he has to like I think it happened. I want to know her head a campaign to make it illegal for heteros to get married Which probably be doing most of a big favor George. Yeah, in his first comments on a historic opinion Raleigh said the ruling was vague and what their governor Romney and lawmakers can propose and alternative to civil marriage He suggested legislature and the governor approve a measure and then seek the courts feedback before the justice is 180 day stay on the judgment expires in May In other words, let's set a floated trial balloon or let's just float you know and a lot of people like that Let's just float on speaking of stuff along those same lines arts dices of Cincinnati fine for covering up sex abuse Speaking of molesters and the protesters the arts dices of Cincinnati pleaded no contest yesterday The charges of failing tall authorities about sex abuse allegations against priests Becoming just the third Romicatlic dices to strike a deal with prosecutors in a criminal investigation How do you like that? They're striking a deal. There's no fact in the church. Of course not Hamilton County please judge Richard Nehouse who makes him great shoppets by the way Find the arts dices 10 grand and five misdemeanor counts. They can pick that up in one Sunday easy in the plate 10 grand With our special Daniel Polarczic representing the church prosecutor Mike Allen read the five counts of faded report a felony allowed in court Each regarded an institutional knowledge that certain felony sex crimes involving mine as a court asked by the judge if he understood the implications of the play agreement Polarczic replied yes sir. I do. I do. I guess he thought it was getting married Not yet Later at a news conference the arts bishop apologized will be as victims adding. I'm taking full responsibility for certain acts that occurred some time ago Instances of child abuse that should have been reported to civil authorities were apparently not reported right How do you like that? The no contest please not an admission of guilty Cincinnati our Sises acknowledge no wrongdoing of course, but means the defendant will not fight the charges Allen said under the agreement the arts dices will institute reporting safeguards even stronger than those required by Ohio law The arts dices will establish a three million dollar fund. They could use that might evail out Michael A three-minute dollar fund a comment say to be used victims even those who cannot sue because the statue of the statue of limitations has Perspired so there you go Everywhere you look it's all over the place. Let me say in if one percent of the crap is really coming out. That's a lot right right Right if one percent of all of this skullduggery 5670560 were changing the pool at noon. It's gonna be a tense one This is Pope John Paul and if he asked me the only thing more fun than playing grab ass with this wish guy is the Neil Rogers 12 to one hour I'm a copy Big tell the melanchal I live hurt in unicthal show Ron and G. E. Oh North rock and Ron MCI world time figure and five tail are in gimmicky Can love brown and roof Carlisle and the rendered roof murder Docs Fox news and Reuters on your moves Choice point democracy by gay to base technologies Chuck Pagels aye bold blocking out your vote George Bush is a liar Exploiting nine eleven four global empire George Bush is a liar You can take the on the left if I now find you fire Big chaney will put with Richard Pearl and other dick Andrew Card Carl Roman Marker kick it cold He'll push can't push George P and daddy Bush pressed and then Columbo no well-matham mentioned Marvin trader Bob no back steps the IA in the back from Phil says all is well another soldier died Oh outspoken them a crack in the mail they get a crack Carnan had well-somed and before their time George Bush is a liar Like all this for Brittany, oh come back to hard on George Bush is a liar And the same as the media as you will be even in George Bush is a liar The song that's something that'll never get on weird channel George Bush is a liar The trader and the lady in a criminal piece is a George Bush is a liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar 12 out to a five sixty wq. I'm okay. Let's get rid of this pool. What do you think of the media friends the unimichael's action arrest? We got 388 timid 88 votes. It's a lucky break for Bush 123. It's absolutely pathetic 80 the media is sick and needs help badly 71 I don't give a shmit about it 65. I love every minute of a 34 and hays buck. He's the king of pop 15. I'm nearly 400 votes Okay, let's change it put that other lines for L pull on this will be the last ever for L pull or anything. Nope Unless we do another one I mean Harold says and guess who wrote part of this article in the hero on a website Ellie Grecker More arrest made overnight tensions. If today everything's quiet and calm police arrested 19 protesters or when I bring in with these 160 the number of people arrested and connection with protests against the free trade talks that concluded early late Thursday End of time. I mean, it said let's get out here Several protests groups planned additional demonstrations today, but the main event a march kids will begin to ten o'clock this morning from the Miami arena apparently evaporated Speaker the Miami arena. Did you even know that we have a minor league hockey team plan there? No, nobody else does either. Huh? Yeah, the amenities. Yes, sir. Well, how many people are going to those games? But third man seriously. I the only reason I knew that is because one went to the lightning panter game I'll couple of weeks ago Somebody was tell me about it I mean how many people really can be go to those games I'm yet to go to one if that Do you know anybody who has gone to one the previous eight to ten guy was doing live spots for them? Did he go to one of the games? I can't really I don't know. No probably not. I mean Listen, there's nothing wrong with minor league hockey, but the fact is we can't throw anybody for NHL hockey Of course when you already got a minor league team like how can you have two minor league teams this same market? Anyway, five thousand people have been expected for that parade this morning only. Yes, sir Yes, how many people showed up By the give you a clue count the count these people you Miguel and you're truly Three only three people showed up and they were outnumbered by reporters and photographers It reminds me that scene that day on the corner outside the INS buildings. I mean I have to just stay remember that. Oh and there's this tremendous and the channel several was hypervettilating and it was nobody there We're like about ten people only three showed up for the big parade the march This is ridiculous that Rob board 21 who joined two friends in the six hour drive from Gainesville only defined that administration cancel because there was no no demonstrators About 50 protesters gathered at North by me Avenue in 23rd Street about a hundred police officers mobilize nearby I think they might have had about number a little bit earlier. Yeah, it's me But most of the city was track well this morning is a strong police president remain evident though not as evident this head of the case yesterday because they didn't need everything's back pretty much the normal everything is fine safe to come home now the coast is clear clear Don't forget Georgia's afternoon 3 to 5. I'll have all our best in the old goodies. We got 41,000 311. We got a long way to go man Best in the old merchandise other prizes for longitudinal Harley on federal highway just on the open park bullet barn free food from Atlantic city subs and dick inside as well And 46 this afternoon Miguel will be in the other van at Hollywood Chrysler Jeep at 2100 state road 7 stop by there to win prizes in geography food again from Atlantic city subs where I Remake's a difference and insist that the green really is a miserable nasty bitch. He didn't use that he used said something we can't say on the air Okay, let's see since WQM fired Scott for real. I don't know what to say. I don't know just vote for something. Okay Okay, actually it'll be honest because I'm not the 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line I won't have it at this advanced audience of ours during the break there at noon doing the cross-election all the way you know lunch time the microwave ding Okay, well we have a smattering of oats just came in as soon as that about 15 votes in an instant. I'm listening to QM less 6 I couldn't care less 4. I'm listening to him about the same three. I'm listening to QM more one I don't know but I'm still pissed off and fired up one. This is early return. This poll be honored all two So if you see one thing we failed to realize is that a very high percentage of the audience either a Doesn't have a PC be don't have access to one or three. They don't have one where they are when the show is on say right And we should recognize those people and say cheap skate Slipper go to the other. I don't have a lot of people either don't have them. They don't want one. Maybe they don't want a freaking computer Well, they're animals anyway. So let them lose their bowls. No, seriously. That's what they said when the marlins let them lose their bowls But we'll see what happens here and this is because it's a two that will put on everyone for the weekend about the demographic pull What are you are you alive did? said we're because I have a feeling man. I could be wrong and of course people maybe that have bail out and they're pissed off And like standing on top of tall buildings right a commit suicide They're not gonna vote on here. We're not gonna know about them 567. 0.560 pound 560 on the AT&T and you know all you people I realize it's the Politically correcting to say especially in the audience because our audience is supposedly more I don't know like interested in what's happening in a world and politically involved and etc So it's not it's not politically correct to say oh, I'm just wrapped up with this whole Michael Jackson thing And I'm gonna be watching every minute of it. People are gonna say that but you know what I am they well just like the OJ thing Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Thanks. They're in the call doctor. Thanks for coming to call I'm reading here from the hair of the few pages away from the Paris Hillton article. Yes, I real play two paragraphs. They're with me The subline the headline is house committee ribs protection of mob The house committee convert it to the FBI sealed it from prosecutors known killers and other criminals when we use this Informants investigate organized crime Discating report also filed the FBI attempted to impede different visual investigations along when it's candle Committee further concluded that there's not enough evidence to find that forming a diversity of Massachusetts president William Bolger Uses political authority to punish those when that to get it his brother mob boss James Witty whitey Bulger who died 21 murders I hang up a listen to make one more comment Neil. This is a good one vacation. I read the listen to rerun of Of the two eight show two and mark ten then George. Thank you very much She'll love George. I'm feeling feel the love smell Totally uncalled for totally unnecessary. I mean I was off a moderately interesting article. I'm not Siddilating well with the music behind it. Oh, yeah, and it killed about a minute and a half But the he hates you like poison is what he was trying to say why didn't you just say? I hate George and you should only die something like that it would be well. I would have been vicious, you know, whatever 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on the AT&T we don't have anybody out there who has an opinion I realized we haven't had the even arrangement yet much less of trial But nobody's gotten opinion on this thing yesterday, which I don't understand how is that possible? You and we know that you believe it or you don't believe it or you got you something Because that's the way the public operates you already make up your mind before anybody testifies it Even said it is gonna be a trauma into these things. I know that Okay, here come the votes on this pool here now. Let's see if anybody's pissed off and worked up 43 votes The last ever for real pool unless we change our minds since QM fired Scott for real I'm listening QM about the same 13. I'm listening to QM less 12 I couldn't care less nine I don't know but I'm still pissed off and fired up eight and I'm listening to QM more one Oh no, I'm listening to QM more one and I think that was a clearance of voted that Here's Miami hello Hello, yes sir. Hi Neo We'd like to hear a Thai Tony could you please play that or work no, of course not we'd like to hear a Thai Tony I'm not doing me question out Jackass We're having a very intellectual suit of intellectual discussion about the important issues of our times like Michael Jackson's nose and things like that you've Simple than you We'll play it 567.0516 It's just I don't know there's nothing to say there's just nothing to say talk about a vast wasteland that that's South Florida It's you know you you've you've ever flown over the Everglades. I'm sure you have this I have when you fly like the tap or you ever A lot of times when you fly in from anywhere And he'll have a circle and he'll go over the Everglades before they landed MIA and you look down there and you say This is like I don't know like an outdoor toilet. There's just nothing here but like mushroom Martian muck you know big empty swamp a big swamp I bet you'll hear a lot of people call in about those Miami manities. What is come on? Here's a crank in for a lot of Dale hello What it says here We were used to say oh Yeah, that was the other guy Not a crank call though. Here's Miami. Hello Miami Going once going twice Now here's one. It's is an Air Force base somewhere. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir One time listener from down south Florida up here now and the washers pen handle of stuff North Florida. I'm so sorry. Oh, it's it's really depressing but in any case. I'm I'm sniffing some funny with this jack-o-deal at this point You know the new governor rush war tomopsies in there and You might be a team pipe the in a little lock-poken smoking with with the police department now and a little diversionary action On the part of the White House after they're they're talked before he went up north. I know they've been holding this thing back They said for 14 weeks and then they said because of Halloween now keep in mind and somebody mentioned this I'm one of the talking he had never seen yesterday if he really is such a danger and was a threat to molest more children What ever was going on how come they waited 14 weeks through a holiday season? Exactly and who paid a visit to the White House just about two weeks ago? Or you know when you got a no right before you got an inaugurated the group and fire I could open here I got you on unit up here and have some people on the base actually listen to you through the unit Thank the Lord for them have a good one, pal. Okay, I get out of there soon 12 13 at 5.60 Q a My Your sports video 560 Q a Hello, I'm Tommy from Pythami saying for the best high food and a best service as long as you're not black Comment down to tie Tommy or selfish We know like black people don't keep well the size why black people are three type food anyway We don't have fried chicken on the menu. Oh, wait. I forget we have a spare ribs You change I call how does bear with our menu? It's a button So if you not black comment out to tie Tommy come to think of it Those damn gay people we know like them either should it get food but they talk too loud with funny list They stop other customers no comeback, so no games no black and why we added ladd in people You make reservation for 17 15 don't show up at 820 and it's for you table We give to somebody else already like a people always late no black no gay no Latin and tie Tommy and Jewish people You stop figuring all of you who can't who have what pay where I'm going set our outside Take 45 minutes to try and do the bite of bill. We ain't all want you here No, you know black no fact no Cuban and white people you think you better than everybody else complain too much if we don't teach your ass You know come back no white no black no June all Latinos no games Everybody else for the best high food Just got hungry for chicks. I'd like that. I think I don't want going for lunch. I'm 16 to five 60 WQ 97 votes already I'm they see I really believe this now call me crazy you're crazy. I were are you right? But I think that this radio station is taking a gigantic hit in just a few days I could be wrong. I hope I'm wrong. Although you're quite frankly we could pay the same regardless Whether we have a other than the bonus money But I just think that this may be the straw that broke Reg Reeds sack you know what I mean back home rolly-ac No, you can't feel it. I just I'd call me paranoid Come here. It's not helpful. What this musical morning. Oh, I don't don't soft perilous Musical chairs in radio is like a death now man. It's like a deathways just as Charles Bronson I'll let him in more understating it for sarcasm. Well, it's just a very sad Greg I keep begging begging do something and even now we're still like well You know Joe Rose is penciled in because he's got to talk to the people in channel six and he's got to ask Cregmer or Minervini for permission and then Tony cigaretteo. He's got a licton he's kneecaps you know By the way Tony are still a silly cool man. You're idiot 103 votes the since QM fired Scott for where I'll listen to the QM less 29 Listen to about the same 23 I couldn't care less 23. I don't know, but I'm still pissed off and fired up 19 and I'm listening to QM more only nine 29 less 29 more and 23 about the same and Of course you affect your veneer pissed off people. So does that? Not good Not good you gave brilliance in fact. Where's that facts you sent me in the middle of my pile of stuff here Judging with uses the step down in case a brain damage will we'll get to that in a minute just in from the Sun Sentinel She one good thing about having my pewter sitting right here in the way this thing is set up during the break I can go online and just did a lot of all kinds of good stuff as opposed to in the past you know Oh, yeah Or like even when I was down there during the breaks you got people coming in bugging a crap out You're like Miguel for example and I was there for the week as you know I know he's sitting right there, but Miguel cut it out You were doing it oh Would you saw how to graph this way and and then all of a sudden I come back I play the same comedy But again because haven't had time to like you know change my disc It's good your old because I'm old in the one you better respect the others, okay? Something you're something something you're gonna everybody says this, but it's true Some day you're gonna be old borrowing fool and you're gonna say oh remember that old meal arrest and peace he was right You're gonna say that I don't think that I'm old 61 a. Old and Florida here at school here. I'm like an old fart Now that's right. That's a one great thing about living and Florida even if you're there a little bit of time Is that you feel like a teenager even if you're 70. Oh, I'm a spring chicken right ma And by the way ma 90s plenty old So anyway, here's the spanks it's as I know that it was partially as fault because he's hard-ass with a huge ego He refuses to listen to reason and obviously he has bad business since all of these things are right But I have to admit that Scott was extreme the entertaining again right and he was local when he went on the air in the market I thought it was great a fantastic and much more entertaining alternative Howard sperm Who's just become another apologies for the neocons I refuse to listen to him ever and ever again the same goes for a former local radio personality. Are you sure? Joe Rose seems like a nice guy, but he's just boring sports song I don't care if not his fault. I love the tape where he rips mowa new one keep it up Joe don't be fooled Frost got a knife in his back courtesy of mode And you're right That's the reason now that I have this other information that I've armed with this other ammo now that I know about I really believe this that if the audience knew other than maybe about a hundred of those chronic sports Lickers and his little core of a chronic callers every day one in Miami and a crowd Nobody would listen that old coup because if they realized just what a devious batch Stabbing phony son of a bitch's guy is and oh for else my friend and I don't you're longer than anybody Miss radio at the building and ever we always know he was delighted The day when Scott got can he was dancing on his grave man Because this guy cannot relate to any other human being. He just don't have it in him. He's a piece of crap. Absolutely Judge refuses to step down in case of brain damage woman A judge has refused to step down as requested by Governor Jeff Bush in a constitutional battle over a lot of laws doctors to be inserted a brainged Then a woman's feeding cube Okay, so they're talking about on CNN You know a not favorable for the defend it. I have to actually very handsome very good-looking people look terrible Don't know in mugshot, so it's never gonna be done a bigger pardon. Is that don't understand? No, he's a dead brother and a attorney for Bush as Penelas Pasco circuit judge WDW does bear the disqualment find himself have to bear it said at a hearing last week that the law Intruded on Terry Shavo's privacy rights and was presentably unconstitutional Shavo says the Michael is offered those arguments is suing Bush to challenge the law Birds said yesterday he didn't contest the fact in Bush's motion to disqualify him But it didn't reach the legal threshold required to be accused him so how do you like that? Yeah Meanwhile another judge issued a ruling is didn't necessarily go bad over the issue of Terry Shavo's guardianship Circuit judge crockett far now. I wonder if they call him baby crockett far now Decided no more motions can be filed in the guardianship matter until after a third judge George Greer Rules on a disqualification request by Terry Shavo's parents Bob and Mary Schindler no kin to Irbshindler Where is presider over the case line? Oh, now what a mess, huh? Just pull the tube already and cut the crap and here's some good news you're gonna like this Guess what Michael Jackson is saying to anybody who will listen. I don't hate to go back to the game. We said what Don't be just it off. Oh, yeah, that's right. We'd lavish spending and a 2600 acre ranch and playground No, it's never land. It's easy to overlook Michael Jackson's financial problem. The king of poppa was once known as the richest entertainer in the world Will they $750 million at worth? Well, that's not even close to Oprah Is when I was back then I guess is heavily in debt and counting on his latest compilation CD number one's according to a published report. Don't buy it Don't anybody buy it He's up to his earlobes. He's up up to where has knows used to be in debt. And that's great. Yes, it is Well, that's a good news. So I'll buy that to CD because you just help him. Nice. Sorry molesting ass out. Here's pop at OB. Hello. Yeah, sir. Yeah, I'm reading Do's where's my country right great book while you're reading I will you listen to she should be reading here right now Interesting I have a very conservative friend who was reading the book and he's so all he enjoying it He has as concerned as as he is Kind of stand the way you know the media is just becoming a one-sided issue and it's really making a sick Yeah, I just want to ask you something we're out in the poll. You had yesterday You know about what you feel about Michael Jackson. I voted that he deserves a fair trial because you know Regardless of whether I think he's guilty or whatever right I agreed in my third trial. I'm not afraid Is it something we all yeah exactly? I mean something we all deserve because if you don't get it trial then you know If you're just gonna open the floodgates, you know, let's keep using the patriot act to do this This and that Yeah, we are just being about the patriot act for pedophile Yeah, that sounds good to me Anyway, Neil and join the show as always you enjoy. You're doing a great job keep it up Yes, we are have a great weekend. Thanks. Okay, bye and keep it up. Do it Okay Took place just now off the air because I think it's important to hear this Howard just called the radio station Howard David Who I get along with great I thought he called me an asshole Saying I was trying to stir it up my point back to Howard is don't listen Listen to 101.5 let me see what age group 101.5 for Howard Maybe 102.7 some easily listening love music So you could focus on your wife and your family and the grandkids instead of listening and always calling the radio station He's becoming Howard the caller like Howard from Boca Howard from Boca It's like you know, it's okay So anyway, he's he's listening so just wanted to get the message out and don't call my show to just for a record Don't call off the air because I don't want to talk to you and I don't want to hear you on the private line congratulations. You know the private line number that's great But don't call because you're not coming on this show you got you've got your three hours five to eight Monday through Friday you can talk all you want but you're not coming on this show and we'll leave it at that All right, I got nothing against you you seem like a decent person no and I know you've been getting that taking a big hit on the radio station From everybody else, but it's over me and you don't From the producers of American Idol Comes a heartwarming collection of favorites interpreted by America's sweetheart Terry Shival I'm of course he loves to sing look as he's smiling Yes, it's Terry Shival live from room two four teensy another exploitation available now from the sub-looking press Really I still can't get over how much Terry and I one cuts on so much like our friend Eric up there in Orlando when she goes Well like that just like you are almost as if the same person did them both could be 1506 votes on a poll already in half an hour. That is heavy duty. You know it I'm telling you My personal analisation look at that phone is like a couple of calls on her nothing's happened on his show no more Remember how hot things were there under a rail was here? We got nothing we're talking to ourselves. We're just playing with it 156 votes since we're all got fired a QM which is only a few days. I realize But you might as well take the temperature now. You know in other words when you got the fever in the illness That's when you stick to your thermometer in there I'm listening to QM less 44 I'm listening to QM about the same amount 40. I couldn't care less 36 I don't know but I'm still pissed off and fired up 24. I'm listening to QM more 12 Say My personal estimation is that we have lost 30 to 50% of the audience on this radio station Of course the sports nerd shows AC they can't gauge anything because they always get a lot of calls because it's same Hundred people right as Wayne said many years ago We don't know too much other than how to make money easy, but other than that he said you know I don't care about what they say because it's the same hundred answers and he's right Takes one another one Wayne and you're right So they have no shortage well what do you think about that outside linebacker for the falcons? You think that maybe that often's out of go after his ass You know that kind of crap that kind of girl swill For a swill that call my inducing crap That is sports talk see I still maintain out to anybody but anybody tells me that the recent mad dog has the big numbers and a hoppers got the big numbers It's because of who they are right You can have like a child on it. You could put the big oh on here for like three months and to talk at exactly the same crap Even though he has no idea what he's talking about you think he'd have any winner the numbers of let's say to mad dog It'll hopper course not Course absolutely not I'm speaking to mole when I played that thing with Joe Joe and mole. Oh Joe One of the things that he does and all liars do this is he's very clever at not answering your question Like remember when he blew the beast off the show Sure, they have to try to get your ass fired. Where are you getting your information? Yeah, exactly so I want to answer to my question Don't why did you get to beast fire? Where do you get a new information? Which is not an answer to the question? Needing study of it a denial. It's answering your question with another question right Come back. Here's North Miami. Hello. Any all worry pretty good. I have a couple of things one About a comment you made yesterday, but Why does it a bush didn't go after Or some of the love and the name it's obvious He didn't go after them because he needed the booky man So he could rule by fear as long as he's I still out there Until has his war on terror. He's still at Patriot Act one major back to I still I still love to know how come that that we can't fight out the names of those Saudis who finance the terrorists on I'm 11 because the bush administration classified it and I also like to know how come the members of the bin Laden family where the only one's allowed to be doing air travel on the day right after 9 11 How did that happen and why aren't the American people screaming for answers to those questions? Because it's an national security and it's type oil and we've got to keep our customers happy and we don't want to piss too many people off And it's embarrassing to us because it comes out that maybe we knew something we should have Tell the American people in advance In fact, even the first Gulf War which was bogus to begin with I mean you remember six days before the invasion the the state department clearly came out and says We have no defense with so that we would with Kuwait So that was saying called the ambassador and he said my problem with Kuwait You find the Australian away with not not getting the green light right and then right after he went there America used that as an excuse To set up bases in Saudi Arabia Both you have our chain of creation right now the same thing over again Saudi is repressing America to get our Saudi Arabia They figured out okay if we go to Iraq would have a new base there and we stayed there we controlled the oil It's the price of the oil goes too much We just opened the flood there is a lot of the price of oil What about control whatever you want? And we get the contacts or how the traffic is on the right now all of these Bush buddies over there at least a bunk but buddies in Saudi Arabia with there the ones that we ought to be bombing into the stone age and they're the ones that we ought to be blown out of there and put in our own Government and like you said hook up the hose to the oil pumps and take over that then come because they that's where they're breeding all of this crap That's where they teach him the teeth with rosses which they invented in the first place And like that's the right hand the other day excuse me. They're still financing been locked even now Look they have Had the Taliban government was only recognized by three government worldwide Pakistan Saudi Arabia and you write it out of error. Merist know that the government's recognized them And is the coincidence all the money was coming from those three countries in the military expertise and did this data Pakistanis protecting him because a lot of the six officers or Their secret police is still supporting them a lot You see when it comes out and I mentioned as many time out that anybody cares what I say but when and now it's it's a fact It's indisputable that we gave them 43 million dollars that colon pal personally rewarded the Taliban for good good being good guys for stopping the poppy growing over there 43 million cash and that was in May of the same year that 9.11 happened And right after 9.11 we were telling everybody how what bad guys they were in about how they did steal or freight training How they badly they treated the women and had to have their beards like a major enough It is absolutely true because you've heard called there was a person who got assassinated in the day before his name was Ahmad Shamma suit The great they have right He told you that it's safe listen there's a trouble coming in June of the same year Leave our chatis planning a big attack did they be administration listen? No, the only reason they supported Taliban at that time because he was anti-earand and they see here It's because they are ideologically different because they're business with them. It's all about The enemy of my enemy is my friend and America works that way and what happens is the souls that we see today That we plant today comes like and bite our ass ears later. Yeah, I think they're tracing your call Try home to happen. Hey, I'm in there, pal. I know you want to think about the about the Michael Jackson thing I mean whatever you say about the person or whatever if somebody in business is a child life Isn't parents responsible if I have a kid to put it in front of a little track I might want to convict the guy that was driving the train so the parents will be responsible Have a great day, pal. All right Calm down. Take a couple of a wow doggy donors Well, then I said that just a minute ago. What kind of parents what kind of assholes hand or kid over? Maybe assholes that they're looking for a lot of money right or starstruck scum Or or both of the above or all of the above scum 185 votes What that's incredible Since QM fired Scott for real I'm listening to QM less 58 less less less 58 I'm listening to him about the same 46. I couldn't care less less less 38 I don't know, but I'm still pissed off and fired up 20 nine and I'm listening to QM more 14 14 Greg We're pretty pissed off. But you Greg we're discussing what way you handle everything. Okay, you just you just keep Public at all and fumbling about I guarantee that often's gonna suit his ass up or the rest of me there You're an idiot Greg. Let's face it make no mistake about it. You just non-compost penis You call that a penis. That's what screw-and-s says 1241 at five 60 W to QM. Hey listen if you're looking for a place to do your thing I'm talking about a great mattress dial a mattress is the place to call because when the old mattress is lumpy You'll know your back will tell you get up in a morning you feel like you haven't slept at all Your back aches all day if you're awful when you have a great mattress like a once you get a dial a mattress You get a good night sleep and a like a big difference for you and a dial a mattress no fool Any promises no bait and switch does every day unbeatable discon prices on the top brand names in the world now including Stearns and foster hewitt and when you call 1-800 mattress for dial a mattress you still get to pick the day in time for your delivery Any to our window that's convenient for your ass seven days a week from eight in the morning till 10 a night They show up on time they take away the crappy old smelly vetting this setup the brand new one walks through charge and Believe you me right off the bat you'll be sleeping like a baby the very first night on a sales practices Fantastic unbeatable service in everyday low prices and that same day delivery and free setup and removal make it very obvious Why dial a mattress is right number one in the world? Georgia sleep in on a dial a mattress. I'm doing it the girl is doing it. Booker Brian's do it even fat boys doing it And what I thought that is called data mattress right now at 1-800-MATT-RES That's 1-800-MATT-RES or check them out online at macros.com A To our place we know Who's first name begins with oh There's one thing we all understand Yeah I'll get it won't be finished until we blow up Pakistan All right, we could chase and round forever With our tanks and all our troops Special forces are so tired Jumping through them rules You don't need another play So let's cut out all the nonsense and we'll blow up Pakistan How can I need a nuclear tank? Are you sure why don't he stop? We'll see food and blow up Pakistan Oh, you know that copy that Todd Drecass or first mortgage? Yeah Boom boom boom We've got a lemon boom boom dinner Remember boom boom Jeffrey on my truck at 80's number five Thank Just like the Titanic sank 1247 at 560 WDQM 218 votes on that poll. It's just I don't want to look at it by the way speaking of boom boom Stockholm there's a hatred against the US and you have 130,000 American troops sitting there is a big targets at Hans Blix As he leaned forward to make his point about the future of Iraq and its military occupation The borders although guarded are not watertight weapons of mass destruction may not be there but conventional weapons are and the US doesn't have the capacity to guard it all Blix said that the outlook is bad Blix said it's bleak got it bleak said it's blix His time over as T.P. when weapons inspector is a bone to pick with those who took the US and written a war with Iraq on claims that Baghdad could wage quick and terrible destruction This was the basis upon which the war was sold and justified and today I think no one would say Iraq constituted danger in the spring of 2003 Said the 75-year-old sweet the old a sweet Sitting in the Stockholm flag noise lift for more than 30 years. How many got good man between assignments Blix now watches Iraq in the Middle East from the sidelines, but he gives notice that far from disappearing in his piece of footnote his voice will continue to be heard First is a book he's writing to be called weapons of mass destruction Which he says will exhum issues in the facts that some are prefer to remain buried Then there's a new commission against weapons of mass destruction paid for by Sweden and supported by international think tanks He's putting together in heading he says both projects will bear fruit quickly But is 70,000 more books should appear first and set them or could straight about or back at least from his perspective. You know what you go Hans Remember Hans Christian Anderson? I remember Hansel. I just want to know fairy tale. I'll tell you that Here's another call from Tampa. Hello. Oh, yes, sir The history channel tonight is the the new Nigel Turner menu killed Kennedy the guilty men Which is what is what Thomas that on APM? It's the stuff that all the LBJ Bush-lickers are mad about and when you watch this show It's it gives you all the answers. I mean I'm so pissed off about that ABC white Washington They had for two hours last night. What they have not just Canadian Peter Jennings a that I just want to puke I like a program ABC off my TV said this stuff that they show is Just gives you all the answers. It's so incredible right down to the fact that the president Johnson called Into the operating room when Oswald was being operated on in his loud voice demanding the death that confession be signed by Oswald Really it is incredible. It starts at APM and I'm the history channel and it's the best television You could ever watch well one good thing about LBJ man only one. I can say that's he's dead Well, he they show that he ended up being ended up murdering about eight people and it all is All categorized and the incredible part is the witnesses and the and the meticulous details which it's explained The guy was murder and corporator as he said himself. I'm gonna take it for sure Thank you sir. Thanks very much. My name is reach out to the title 8 o'clock tonight LBJ miserable nasty rotten son of a bitch who won up with 58,000 American kids coming home and body bags See what I thought that we might learn all these assholes always say well You know he who repeats his mistake doesn't how well how they said he who doesn't learn from my head the past is Gueranty to repeat his mistake some crap like that Who said that was that Alfred you know when said it something like that? Yeah, you don't know history of doing to repeat it right There was something like that pretty close. I think Michael Jackson said that and he's repeating it But that's on repeating repeating something like that asshole and A public man and you're sucking it up. They love it and all these people run. Oh Michael Michael Kai's shaker hand Michael I'd love one of course Because we don't know where the other one's been probably have some little kids Rectom speaking that song I played is to fisting thing Over a hundred thousand marching against Bush and London My we were all being treated of course to the Michael Michael motorcycle motorcycle motorcycle surface and all in Plains them near jet landing and and sand burn it, you know whether it was a where was it? I don't know I think about a hundred thousand protesters march through London and tour down a mach statue of his any president of Bush yesterday Many of them convinces policies were to blame for anti-British bombs and turkey Demonstrators of all ages beat drums and blue whistles along a three-mile route that took them past parliament and at the end of Downey Street Where crowds paused a year toward Prime Minister Tony Blair's office Tony Blair When he reached to Fogra Square protestors spelled a 20 foot a paper-missie statue of A bushing a parody of toppling of a statue of Saddam Hussein when US trips troops went into Baghdad and that stage Ceremony and its top-pocket was a public with a greeting Blair face Bush and Blair said they were fighting a war against terror to make the world a safer place for people said Paul Burroughs 38 a university lecturer. They haven't done that going out bombing people just give them more reason to hate the West and you are Right Which everybody with a brain knew that was gonna happen and they just keep poking at Hornet's nest and poking it and say oh What was us look what's going on over here all these evil doers here do with evil again. What a shock? 560 50560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon marvelous line Here's a call from Kindle hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah One set up got a pp data Here's a call from Miami. Hello Yes, sir. Hey. How you doing? Okay? All right, but you got a special request for the White House Can I can I expand? Go ahead Like wing not see Republican mother fucker. Okay Great 560 50560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon marvelous line I think we probably all three hit the magic thing and a few more people five of the state. Oh good Here's the pull so far 235 votes Since QA inspired Scott for realm listening to QA M less 72 30 and a half percent listening less Greg I'm listening to QA about to say about 55 23 and a half percent I couldn't care less 55 You know less oh yeah less new but 23 and a half percent less faster I don't know but I'm still pissed off and fired up 35 less most need QA more only 18 only 18 as opposed to 72 that Antugget of a percentage is it there? No Not too good not too promising Greg the way to dear our new line up on Monday Here Here is Delray Beach hello Hey Neil how we go pretty good. Look at first time I got to hear a bad word on old when Exciting it's a good really call and get placed on hand right Although you know to say he'll get about two thirds of it out but never less It's still funny That shouldn't even be illegal what he said I mean of course not The funny thing is that kind of lands on what I'm going to talk about for real You know it's like the whole thing is a freedom of speech issue if you think about it I mean the whole problem kept getting into was with the expert's horror remarks Yeah And on that it was more to with than that I know that was after effect Oh what you said afterwards commandment all that the bottom line is that that's what started all They asked him to calm it down a little bit and if you would just done that they would have had Well see they're in an awesome An on all fairness because I'm trying to be objective you know I liked him a lot and we had a really good thing going But but in all fairness I mean you just you just can't go off Half-cock so to speak and keep just doing your own thing and tell people to f off And expect to stay there. You know when you keep having a history of doing that everywhere you go What you're going to have also on your resume is like changing your job every few months and say sad But you know you're saying you feel like there's something missing Well, you know what it is the energy level if he brought the carryover into your show right? I mean the crossover itself was worth a million bucks Yeah, it was and that's the thing that's missing and I think the put you're feeling a little bit of drop off The Joe Rose is not the most exciting guy in the world although he's great Yeah, Joe is great, but he does a whole different Yeah, yeah, you know, he's like you know at that time in the morning You know like to go from for wealth to Joe Rose. Yeah, it's like two different worlds. I mean like like Emerald would say we're not gonna down a few Not we're kicking it down. Yeah, you're taking the spice out of it Well, that's all I had to say man. I was just to do well. So I probably had a great weekend Yeah, he's right and it's not a knock on Joe Joe is his own you know his does his own thing He's actually my rear end and okay, kiss this Blackcomb, but the fact that it matter is it's uh we we got like I mean Plus it's even though for I'll did supposedly do a sports or let's face it he didn't really do a sports I mean that's just that's just window dressing. We all are dead Yeah, well, that's never gonna change those idiots But so now we've really got a whole uh you know, it's like if you're if you're in it Let me give you a good analogy If you got like a retail store and one day your selling Men's clothing all right And the next day you're selling Chinese artifacts. It's gonna take a while It's gonna take a long time before the people are came in a matter how beautiful the clothing was Before the people are coming to patronize you for that to start saying hey look at all the interesting Chinese artifacts. Yes. Yeah. Do you see what I'm saying? Man, in other words, Greg you in any Local But it's the one to do hour Blast I'm gonna go to the house. I'm gonna go to the house. I'm gonna go to the house. I'm gonna go to the house. I'm gonna go to the house. I'm gonna go to the house. I'm gonna go to the house. I'm gonna go to the house. Here's a wheel. Come on, Bob, so have a blast. We're going to the bath. I love your ass. We're going to the bath. Come on, Bob. Come on, Bob. Come on, Bob. Come on, Bob. Come on, Bob. Come on, Bob. On 02 or 560. WDQAM. Anyway, I figured that. I was Susan to destroy at least the dozen homes belonging to family members of Gorilla Suspects in and around to create was within the rules of war. There's a proof by the commander of the fourth infantry division in probably by the overall commander of US forces in Iraq. Aish Buxman for the division said this way. Oh great. You knew who that commander is, don't you? No. Rick Sanchez. The destruction, but some of the theory officers acknowledge that the tactic had caused debate over whether would inflame opposition rather than tamp it down. One officer referred to the demolitions as unprecedented. The destruction of homes is a sensitive issue because the tactic resembles a controversial Israeli practice of destroying houses and families of suicide bombers in the West Bank and Gaza. The US State Department previously has denounced Israeli actions. So in other words, don't do as we do, do as we say. Right. Hamid Hamode, a member of the US appointed to clean governing council, condemned the demolitions this week and said the council is considering demonstrations against them. How could a great state like the United States be so shallow, he said, we're wondering why they stoop to this level. It's winter and they're putting innocent women in children in the street. Maybe because we're stupid. He said the council was informative that demolitions after the fact that was too late to protest, what could we do? What can I do? Like how Martin was said in the guy, father, what can I do? And Rick Sanchez probably is stacked in a long-ness side of the head and said, You can act like a man! What can I do? Yeah. You think? Probably. And Rick also probably told him if you don't watch that, I'll run you over and you're donkey. 560, 50560. Why do that guy still dead? The one where Sanchez ran over in front of a PB park years ago. Still dead. 255 votes. Now I don't forget about a corner to two. We'll put that demographic thing on it, which is it's nothing to talk about. Just what category you are because we're desperately on this radio station trying to see if maybe Greg Reid didn't chase away about half the audience. I think he did. I mean, that'll come back slowly, but surely it'll take a few years. Not third man. 255 votes on a poll so far like I said, changing again in midstream 263. Since 30 QM fired Scott for well, I'm listening to QM less 82. Not good, less, less, less. I couldn't care less, 62. You see, not mole, but less, not mole. That's a moody. Couldn't care less 62. I'm listening to QM about the same 59, same amount. Don't know, but I'm still pissed off and fired up 39. And I'm listening to QM more 21, which if my math is correct, it's about a quarter of the other one about listening less. Not too good, 75 to 25% ratio, not good. 80 to 20% ratio, bad. Here's open part, hello. Yeah, yes sir. Scott for all of you, I've been hearing about reaction and tangovers. It was a good show. You want to hear about parts for you to about it. I think of more people listening to you. Good thing Michael Jackson should be convicted of a felony to pass. Be convicted of anything and a bad thing. Okay, thank you so much. Why he touched all the bases there. Home run. He touched all the bases right for a second and third. You turn. I was going, pal. What do you say? I don't know. Oh, this by the way, I'm a couple of things I mentioned off here. What that was one of my forgotten. Now it's so damn important. It is crucial. Oh, about speaking to Michael Jackson, which I realize is very unusual. The deal is that I'm not on this one, one hits album, which is the CD compilation of all his number one hits. But the previous album? Yeah. One of the songs on here. He did it. Do what with our Kelly. Yeah. I just mentioned that. Maybe it's just a coincidence don't you think? Of course. You're just one of those. Marty and Miami says on a fact, the order difference between Feral and Howard's sperm is that how it's intake revenue. So far surpassed the FCC finds, Feral tried to pull off Howard's stern and failed. The good news is that Feral won't quit and eventually will succeed because he's entertaining. Have an atonere sperm listener to discover Feral. Think of the station would have stuck it out. Oh, yeah, Greg likes to stick it up. And maybe work around some of the things he would say on here. He'd have been taken and even larger crunches during listeners. This might come back to bite Qm in the. That's great. It says Marty and Miami. You're right. I think it already has. I can feel it. For us it's this. I feel like somebody took a big bite out of the old rotten apple. You just kill on a scrag. You just kill on us. Keep dittling around and again. You either want to start at this. I know you're boyfriend very Jackson don't say that. But you started it with that first team business. You couldn't leave well enough alone. I looked you in the eye a hundred times. Maybe not a hundred but at least. I've heard of man. I said if it ain't broke don't fix it. He'd come in there. But it would like that. You know what that hole in his head. With a finger deep down in there. He's searching for what they were that brain used to be. And he would actually say to me, well, you know, we got to run all the spots. See, he was he was pissed off because the guys in the morning. He used to put all that heat on because the numbers were okay, but not great. And so while I had all these long ridiculous commercial breaks. Guess well says long commercial break. Speaking of Howard sperm. Okay. He's got probably got the longest commercial breaks in the universe, which is all the more reason. Even though we may not like you show all that much, which I should know. But nevertheless, you got to hand it to a man. The fact that talk about the loyalty factor. Boy. How anybody can stick with a show where they got like 16 and 18 minute commercial. And I'm not exaggerating, no. Commercial. Oh, breaks go on so long and then some shows. But they stick with it. They're loyal. They're obsessed. They're fanatic. They like boobies. Whatever they like. Dikes. So that was the big thing with the first team. Wow, but I mean, but I'm so bothered him that because he knew they were belly aching and rightfully so what was long nine and ten minute breaks. I'm an AM station, which you just don't do. But in the meantime, we were making some money on it. Everything was going long. Just fine ratings for the station were good. Everybody was happy. People got along. We didn't have no mom. I've got a loan. Say that alone. Speak volumes. Was there any problem with bills in for? Oh, got along. Great with a mad dog and let them add dog B mad dog on a broadcast. Everybody loved that. Great chemistry. Was there any problem? No. But again, the radio philosophy 101. If it ain't broke, fix it. Dick with it. Diddle with it. And everywhere been in this business. I don't care who that was. If it wasn't broke, they started digging around with it. I guess because their board is nothing else to do. It's called mess with success. Remember that? Sure. Mess with success. Things are going great. Let's screw it up. But Greg, not are going too good. Texas man chokes the death on marijuana. A man changing a flat tire choked the death on a bag of marijuana. He had stuff down his throat. In an apparent attempt to hide it from the police, who stopped to help him. Nicholas Sandevel 24. Died Wednesday. Officials run away at first. Sandevel had drugs when they stopped spotted him on a highway in Corinth about 45 miles northeast of Fort Worth. Said Corinth police corporal Frank Lot. Officers went from O.H. here. Some of the flat tire that he had this guy's choking. Lot told the Fort Worth start telegram. Sandevel of Tonder was pronounced dead in the hospital. Cause of death. Asphyxiation due to aspirational plastic bag. He was convicted at least three times a year. He was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who performed means all people who was retarded Maybe they go to the same barber. Now that you mentioned it. Here's tempered pines, hello I don't deal. Yes, sir. Hey, are you? Hey, I want to do a make a couple comments on this Michael Jackson psco. Yes, sir. It sounds like we're John's to me sounds like we're everyone John's to me Sad this like because yeah, you know there's so many people are always used the same Lingo you know, I mean sure Like there's the one guy that calls about you know, I just want to ask about your right tiniere if you're gonna be in town He starts in about him. I'm gonna do personal appearances. We're in the same bag. You close that guy and then there's that Dennis lunatic Always starts up. I want to see if you have the courage to love your slightly No, it's not a question of courage. It's question where we stupid enough to give you a airtime and by the way, we're having Joe and you're gay. Yeah, get lost And dick a fine bird still I want to see you as a pop at a park idiot Here's a call for Miami now line six for some reason. He's got some kind of like disease on it. Here's Miami. Hello Miami See what I mean yeah Right going once and Dean's Va How do you know I read it there just for Donia? Here's Hollywood. Hello Hello Neo. Yes, sir. How you doing great great? Well First I want to ask Scott my chair lets fire really here or more not that's my vote Okay, I love to hear you more often on my car, but there's always a problem with AM I like my marriage. I really get you great a lot of times I don't our signal balls We got the worst signal in history of radio. Yeah, here a lot of static It didn't just this talk because it's sometimes a really laughing hard all of a sudden Like all right Like Like that exactly Yeah, I mean when you hear that power on you sticks you hear a little girl like oh, I'm not saying but don't buy the stock Life I hear more static I hear more static from here and some old people live and down the block in my neighborhood So I like okay, whatever and that's something really quick It's like don't people still get even though when you can travel on that you do sometimes I do lots of work It's like an Italian front that line and then take your shoes off winter. It's please do it It's a lot of time and aggravations people Right, I go why it's so long and airports well, but anyone would just do exactly what they said this will do We would have this hassle and if I go a lot Hey, listen if anybody in front of me does that I just knock them over. I say let's not my hurry I'd like to get through here and go back and sit down and relax. You know, I just knock them down Oh, the worst thing is I had someone on my last week I was going to LA LA front of Miami and it's God had like a two huge large bags and right in front of him Wait before he was pretty immediately check the end and it says this specifically If you have large bags, I was that you can't bring one a plane right? I get this guy's one is bad or he thinks he's the king of the world so he can bring anything you want and then right the front It's all you can't do how to use complain. They threw him bad I mean, I mean, regardless of the people tosses after I soft the plant and wait till he take off and tosses I saw Have a great weekend, Pelling. Thanks. Thanks. Yeah, I'm tired of the people are come on a plane Well, we all know it. You know, they look like they're going away for the weekend and they're carrying like 16 pieces of luggage And they're trying to like sneak and and what they do is they pile one on top of the other so that pretending like it's one You know it You're only allowed two pieces of carry on and they got like 15, but they got them like all jam together and tie together I Well, why why in one or why because they're obnoxious stupid and considerate assholes That's why and then those are the ones that stand in the aisle when they're boarding the plane People are desperately trying to get them out of the way and they're standing because they got to put like 16 different things in the overhead and pull the stuff apart Die die already. That's all just like mo that's a good guy big news man I mean really big news now. How did Pontiac GMC is now auto city Pontiac GMC of Pine Christ Our dear close personal friend Tom Laman sold a dealership to Roberto Perez who used to play for the marlins of auto city view of Pontiac GMC of homestead Expect the same great kneel deals and customers satisfaction your custom to his habits long times General sales manager Joe Prieto is still in charge. Thank goodness for you Joe and Roberto and thanks a lot of time for all the memories Stop by auto city Pontiac GMC of pinecrispher great kneel Rogers deals on all makes and models in stock Take advantage zero percent financing from the 72 months or save up to nine thousand dollars with rebates and incentives right now Don't forget the old heels continue at the new auto city Pontiac GMC of Pine Christ same great location 134.01 South Tixie Highway That's US one across from the fall shopping center open every day seven days a week if you want more info still do the same thing call that Neo Rogers Neal e-Li online. It's a toll free call one triple eight five three four 42 11 that's one triple eight five three four four two one one Don't forget all presented credit to provosty to folks at auto city Pontiac GMC for details the new auto city Pontiac GMC of Pine Christ low prices without the high pressure UAM 9-9 E Entertainment television on Michael Jackson interview Michael thanks for the interview So I originally thought that the name your new CD was invisible and it was about your nose That's very so crazy I mean one of those tabloids things. Okay. I know for about your nose. Let's talk about your uh my penis. Yeah, that how big is that? Very very little to 9-9 E Michael you've been great. Thank you very much. Hey, I'm I'm gonna try to get some new photos of that Harry Potter kid for you 1 18 at 560 WQM We got the same feet times got a little pool or taken to the aid you think Michael Jackson will be convicted on charges of child molestation They got 1131 votes at the same feet times 600 18 say yes that's 55% 513 say no 45% that's pretty close right almost on a middle How come those six 18 say yes? Well, of course, that's uh Yahoo's over there in the West Coast all those same feet is a little out of them old people But what makes anybody think he's gonna be convicted? How's that gonna happen? Because it's gonna be the kids word against his and how do you write something like that? Right? Maybe they'll do another lineup with photographs in addition to which it makes you wonder oh, yeah We got to see his what his penis looks like again And and even then it that I mean if there were sleepers in the same bed just because he knows what his penis looks like doesn't mean he was molesting him It's a very hard Pardon to prove that is And What you wonder what the hell they were looking for when they were doing the search mirror a couple days ago before the Res issue the rest ones they were like scouring and they were in there for hours and how what were they looking for? Video tapes because even if they find all kinds of kidney porn and god only those what else unless they have specific evidence I don't think I mean what I'll do I know but it doesn't seem to me as relevant, you know right and especially when he's got that wacko A defensive tourney mark Gerer goes who comes up with all these off the wall things like the dog done under what he? He's just an upcase this guy he brings in things like from outer space as the defense mechanism is me And this thing of course immediately they're going after the family which is easy pickins because they got a good point What kind of a bitch turns your kid over to a well suspected pervert pedophile? And not an forget about even if she didn't believe the pedophile part here's the same guy that hangs his baby over the railing there in Germany oops I'll but here have my kid because I see like a pot of money down down the line But as Paul is really depressing me. I'm almost sorry. I took it Nothing worse than a bad Paul 312 votes since WQM fired Scott for rail. I'm listening to QM less a hundred a hundred I'm listening to QM about the same amount 73. I couldn't care less 73 I don't know but I'm still pissed off and fired up 43 and I'm listening to QM more 23 123 on a more or less Wow pretty bad Here's a call from four lotterdale. Hello Yes, sir. I have no control over Mike. Yeah, I know you know if your balls I know it can smell it rain and your mouth right Broward this I don't know why we didn't talk about this yesterday because we didn't have time What we do that was so important yesterday. I was right. I read all that crap from my old Frankenstein's great book I apologize again for that apologize. I was bad ruling Broward can't exclude Calvary Chapel display from the festival of lights Now the sun sent a libely but was was taken a poll on this this morning. I might just prove that I'd again You know, can I do that? No Yeah, I can't on a lock-in heater as fast as lightning as opposed to the piece of crap you got there that I bought and it's not the computer It's the airline is it still slow or is it the it depends it comes and goes What is that slow On a this is Wow They changed the pool. They were taking a poll on this thing this morning and a majority of people agreed with the ruling Oh sure they are Christians have a right to an of course. It was all Christians who cast the votes The poll on the Sun sent a day a Massachusetts Supreme Court ruling is set the stage for an national debate on whether to log game marriages What's your view see first of all Sun sent let's not what's your view that's wrong It's what's your take It's what's your take as intake this in the shove it Let's see I'm in favor same-sex marriage it doesn't pose a threat to our society I'm against it this Sankt in the official marriage needs to be preserved and protected and a special type of civil union that is not marriage Should be agreed for gavels bins. Okay. I voted you can imagine which one They look at that Lucky lucky lucky here count of scookie. Well share 37.3% in the Sun sent all out of 179 in plus votes say I'm in favor of same-sex marriage it doesn't pose a threat to our society 640 be saying that 615 35.9% that I'm against it the Sankt in a traditional marriage needs to be preserved and protected And 26.8% say a special type of civil union that is not marriage to be created for gavels bins So if you add the 37.3 then 26.8 it comes up to like 64.1 What would you call that new kind of civil union marriage? Yeah, marriage Quirage Storage Quirage for the storage What the 60 what is it 64? 0.1% are either in favor same-sex marriage or civil unions that would grant all the same legal rights And 36% if our business lawyer might have there probably orthodox user I mean oh they don't say yeah probably half of them just got divorced this year Like you said and I you said it well you said two things well stirring the hornet's nest I wrote that down on the bottom of my foot just like in Momento That black and neck and the other one was why should anybody care? What's it to you? Oh because God didn't create Adam and Steve and they sank to the Emerige and the morality of the country about yeah Anyway, again back to this I apologize again for not using this story yesterday a federal judge ruled Wednesday and for Lauderdale The proud county officials cannot exclude a religious theme display with a message Calvary chapel says Jesus is the reason for the season at the popular holiday festival likes which opens to art today Jesus is the reason for the season and he's pleasing Use a reason US district judge William J. Lock order the county to allow this play at the drive through holiday light show at the trade winds parking coconut Greek Calvary chapel Thank you It's hard to be a Jew One Christmas My friends while let me join in any game and I cast it Christmas on the decorator Christmas tree or the water raffle route I'll cut there something wrong with me my people don't believe in Jesus Christ is in And I I love you I'll only do On Christmas I On a car is nice, but why is it? The Santa Pastor my house every year and instead of eating I might have to eat kosher like me instead of I will night I'm singing new hot don't copy and what the I'm fighting on the Family please I'm a Jew I'm only Jew I can't be married Because I need room On Christmas I'm a Jew A little boy I couldn't help but hear It feels left out of Christmas cheer And I've come to say that you shouldn't be said This is the one month that you should be glad Does it nice to be a Jew On Christmas You don't have to deal with the season No You don't have to be on your best behavior Or give the cheer a team You don't have to go to grandma's house with your alcoholic family I don't have to go, so they can't as fast and have a delicious family That's right You're a Jew It's time to pay a rule On Christmas As a great Chinese philosopher once put out many years ago It's a glacier valve 134 26 till noon at the till of two Don't say that 354 votes baby Don't forget a quarter of remind me about the have an error change the poll Hey, or I change your poll at a quarter of We'll put that demographic survey on our which is nothing real exciting Which you know even people that haven't got a brain can check in on it Just check in on it, okay? We have to all week in long. We do it once a year Just to see if anybody's out there listening you think so Not anymore, not no more The old annual demographic survey which are you we got the ages male under 18 18 20 female etc The interesting see how many females we got of course? Yeah, I want to know We only get like a little tiny fraction of the audience thank goodness on him Maybe lately it's the whole the whole audience who knows Who knows not that I'm paranoid but boy I tell you we've he really open up the heart It says this time Greg you idiot Just keep compounding one mistake after another I mean, you know, right's we have what's his name? What's his name? They used to play for the dolphins that they kept coming in a ball of time Oh, what was his name? Same he's with 354 votes I'm listening to QM less since Scott for L was far 108 I'm listening to you QM about the same mod 87 couldn't care less 78 I don't know about him still pissed off and fired up 52 I'm listening to QM more 29 got those two numbers one o eight 29 got them Here's West Palm Beach hello West Palm Beach Going once Underwater are they under water on West Palm When it's after getting flooded out okay, well when he time out of the bowl he'll give us a call Lot of open lines 560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon world of slime pretty sad, you know, I guess we talked our whole audience to there That was it good calls though today you've had a admit Oh, yeah, they were all right. What's the late evening? What the late evening the beginning then we had that song? He had several good calls today. He of such negativity. He had a lot of good people tonight Like I'm talking about like living in breathing people plus our usual assortment, you know, speckled Spangled in there with a you know a few idiots which is what we like a few Here's West Palm again another line. Let's see if they're all alone Yes, sir. Oh, you saw right about the Jenning thing The other you have a night I mean and and and they're all just one sided Luminarity type Therry's you know, I want you to get this book by Eric John Phillips. He Implicates the Vatican really yeah, he says that The monopoly of the Jesuits Federal Reserve Bank and the Kennedy was Circulating over $4 billion in interest free United States notes Only be only to be recalled after his burial And he was also trying to dismantle this CIA he hated the CIA And this this every John Phillips book Apologizes to the to the Kennedy family and everybody And he also says you know the last one that could have done anything was John Jr But they killed him too. And what was it what's the name of this book is it a recent book? It's called Vatican assassins Okay, Eric John Phillips said you know I could believe it after they killed John Jr You know because a few became president he would dig into what was really happening You know, no, but he was digging and I had that story on it the day from the old the tabloid that he was obsessed with it And he was digging and it said yeah just when he was getting to the end of the investigation Oops all of a sudden he died in a plane crash Hey George George My name is Go. All right. Thanks Eric John Phillips Yeah, okay, thanks amigo. All right, but I rebelled urge my decline. Yeah, yeah Who got home? Get it on okay Eric John Phillips Vatican assassins I worked at dammit a row because I have a habit of I write the stuff down and I Schmidt can't of page I wrote it on I say what the hell I do with that and I can't find it Okay, I'm gonna go on and get that. Yeah, I got like a whole bunch of books. I've heard of man. I got a read maybe I'll just read him on a year Now who's doing this is Miguel Lippon is calls on hold. Yes, because I noticed he's got crawl geobiles on seven Now you know what that always is, don't you? Yes, here's crawl geobiles hello I wish I would ever you are faggot. Yeah, okay see and it always How many like real living and reading people live in crawl geobiles? I'm a third man. That's it the rest miss fits no speaking English net in that case Here's sunrise hello Good afternoon teacher First time long time all right I've been listening to you for a long time and what I'd like to bring across you to if anybody wants to lose a Child that Michael Jackson has Molette that he's been on TV with Michael it's the kid who said he had cancer and now it's in remission right I'm not in that special lady British guy. Yeah with the she or guy Right I can't thank you enough for bringing across you turn any other radio station It's not as in depth and as meaning follows how you have it so we appreciate you being you Thank you, so with everybody else whatever. Well, he says also before I go Yes, is there any way we can get the guys number who calls you every day and says retired so we can call him and tell him nah I'm actually I kind of enjoy him, you know, I know, but it just doesn't say he's encouraging me to move that retirement date up a couple years Okay, but you know Justin just in closing keep it up which is grossy to me go. Thank you See you I'm working on it trying to keep it up I've had a mass they're pills for that now. Okay. I'll 20. No, I think now's the time to change that pool because otherwise I won't think about it Okay, no seriously Eric when you get around right I don't want to get real pushing because we got almost 400 votes on area That's 279 here's the final total on his forlpool and I promise this is the last forlpool. We'll take this week Since WQM fired Scott for Rale I'm listening to QM less 112. So I don't think they understand I want to numbers came out in the trend the other day Yeah, the mornings had a 6 3 in men which I don't think they ever had a 6 3 in men any trend. I could be wrong about that But I was like a human just number and granted the sports segments on the station all went through the roof. It was a Marlon's month and then might have had something to do with it. Bye I think the crazy bastard was really catching on Yeah, listening to QM less 112 listening to QM about the same amount 97. I couldn't care less 85 I don't know, but I'm still pissed off and fired up 54 and I'm listening to QM more 31 got those two numbers in your mind got 112 on his side 31 on the other side It was in folks if you're looking to replace that tired old nasty carpeting in your home. Let me tell you about laments or us a great place They're the easy low maintenance alternative to a very very much expensive natural wood flooring. Laminants or us is the best place to find lemonade wood flooring from parador per go Wilson are uniform or quick step And all of laments or us flooring is installed by per go certified installers too. Another really good reason to call laments or us is their prices are so low. It'll absolutely knock you on your ass. You won't believe it Right now you can get their fall special for just 1495 bucks just 1495 gets you up to 295 square feet of beautiful easy to care for laments or flooring positively unbelievable and laminants or us will might any legitimate but not for two For free and homestimate column and as a rust hole free one eight seven seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six nothing could be simpler. They make it so easy. How to help. Can you say no free carpet disposal free furniture moving a 25 year warranty and years and years of beautiful easy Care lemon wood flooring when in doubt check this out on the cranky old Neil Tordid call lemon serush It's a toll free call 1 877 777 33 36 Sports radio 560 Why the you What's the problem officer deploy from the vehicle If you're pod driving without a seat belt you will be removed from your car and shot The police now have the authority to enforce seat belt safety under the new Patriot Act do the new laws and effect now So click it or be shot Officers don't like doing this. They are only following orders. It's for your own protection in the neverending fight against terrorism terrorist acts such as mouth noise Corping and fighting that could be annoying to others so under Patriot Act 2 eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants Anyone eating outside the designated eating area will also be shot It's the law We like saying that the law law 146 at five 60 by the way, oh frosty mad Well Eric came up with a great idea. Although our poor did you notice was a little screwed up there in the beginning of him a little bit of a problem Huh, I did not notice it. Oh good. I'm glad it was embarrassing But he got that straight enough and anyway Neil's annual demographic survey and he's got the acronym there That's like that. Neds Frosty ones of that So just to go on here over the weekend you'll have to like rush on here if I can say that can I say rush? No, and just they I'll click it on and let us know if you're alive. That's all I think you'll find that anybody under the age of like a hundred is gone because they're all pissed off But see they're gonna take it out on a whole station especially y'all. General why they should be taking that on mode Here's the call from Cooper City. Hello Neil good afternoon. How are you sir? When is when is to you? Actually a very good lead in for my question. I had a question for you about First of all, I think you've been doing this along if you can look at a line light up and know that it's a pretty call I think that you've been you've been on the air too long for that one probably you're right Let me ask you a two quick question first all the questions about the Elephant Is that her twin sister to come then you get to your job there or what? Yes? Okay, and my next question is what happened with lush limbo? Why is that just not talked about of the news? And now I said I said that I've been saying that to George every morning when we talk before the show and and tell their people It just disturbs the crap out of me the Michael Jackson thing And granted of course, you know being a pedophile is a horrendous thing in the frowned upon by everybody Plus it's been going on for so long all the allegations But the fact that a matter here's a guy who sets himself up as whole here than all our rest of us and always finger pointing and calling all the Drug people scumbags not to be in prison He turns out to be a junkie of gigantic proportions turns out that even if they don't call it long to bring money that he's he's sneaking You know cash out of the bank in humongous amounts just under 10 grand at a time so we can make his drug purchases and It's like nothing ever happened to me not only is the meeting give him a free ride generally But then on the day comes back on the air Monday CNN and all the other every 10 minutes All rush returns to the air. They like it's a free commercial He is he's on this week. You're kidding. No, I'm not kidding How is that that someone does when he does gets caught get arrested? I'm gonna rest it. No, he did not get arrested. He went into rehab there the investigation is ongoing. He ain't never going to jail Maybe that's all I can tell you have a good day. He leans he leans in a right direction. That's all way to the right and Happy to day yourself What am I gonna tell him? I mean the guys on your it's sick. It's pathetic What the not gonna do this stuff today you're scumbag, but if I do well, you know I had that back pain. I was hooked on painkillers sure anybody's hooked on painkillers They go out and buy like 30,000 oxy-cons and more sets of whatever else I held the Lee heroines and then start to go death from it make up all kinds of stories about Hawaii's going death And everybody's supposed to feel so sorry for Rush because he's losing his hearing Well, guess why he was losing his hearing boys and girls because he was poppin 80 million pills every day What you wear anyway Why are you bastard? Whoa The linkage might have done But there should be some rest in two shots Because you know Can't be as good as not the water And there is nothing more may be leave There's nothing I named he out new breeze I guess the one I'm gonna see Tonight Tonight Tonight I'm on this white prince of new shot Cut you know The last one you make much sense You talk about your convole, new shot And swear you know If you listen to me on the edge If there are any good scenes for Lawrence Fishburn I hope there are plenty of cards at over turn Or This is the one I'm gonna see Tonight Once the last kind of you start Rick James Yesterday Turn on the CNN right now And take a look at that What is that? Oh my god There it is He's not forgetting about Michael this and Michael that And I know the family and they're all wonderful Never stole a freight train and they're all ridiculous charges You're out of yati yati and I didn't really beat up anybody And he said we're in so I'm super freaky That he is super freaky man He looks like Rick and Williams in drag Donnie? Washington said that That was bad Anyway, here's what's going on this afternoon Let's raise some more money for a band and pair rescue and cut the crap Already even though I'm I noticed most people are gonna wait till I went I'm related to the day over the weekend with a chance to check in on our website And we'll probably get a couple hundred which will be the whole audience We have no women I mean 42 people have clicked in on there and we got let's see four five six six out of 42 women See what I mean? I know so it's not just and all this crap Well, you have so many women they all this near show bull crap That's why I didn't ever show up in the book because we don't have any Because it's just not fashionable. It's okay to watch Jerry springer because that's a really upstanding a very intellectual show But listen to the new Roger show. Oh, no the untouchable one, you know Let's scummy perms. That's right. You might catch something. Got only knows at least the very worst stars or maybe scars Or start smoking someone in long scars like a one's a W used to use on Monica Anyway, three to five the staff known little George is gonna have our best meal merchandise and other prizes And I use the word prizes loosely at Fort Lauderdale Harley located on the federal highway Just south of Oakland Park Boulevard, Food from Atlantic City, Sub Zen Dickens cider and If that isn't good enough to really get you your tonsil tickled Fort a six to seven. No the other van will be at Hollywood Chrysler Jeep in 2100 north-state road seven Stop by there and see the lovely Miguel when prices and you see the lovely Josh and when prices and enjoy free food from Atlantic City Sub's where I remember the difference and as a good guy because he said to win is a nasty hateful of notches bitch with a crappy attitude And nobody said that's a but it's paraphrasing but go on pretty damn close. That's the jizz of it pretty gosh during club Close By the way, stop and see Duff on the way out It's just just a suggestion that ran through my mind there And we 51 people let's see we got the six Ocinasse woman or get a eight nine. Well, that's not too bad. Yeah Just Robert Creeper count as a woman because he might get a vote on her What's he just the york? Oh, and now why does this guy got this line down the middle of his eyes? I don't know that's a signature. It says I love the seat bill bill that's just a bill a bit. It's just hilarious Don't know if you're a word next. This is what this lights your some of our representatives in conjunction with the floor Highway Brown chairs will introduce a bill a menu the seat bill. Also the officers can put you over. We strict your feet or move in simply for not wearing a seat But no they're moving by licenister. Yeah, they've been trying to do that for a long time and that is a bunch of crap So in other words, if you don't look right don't have your swastag armband properly displayed or at least a choose-life license plate You can be pulled over that any other excuse can be conveniently made up to search or acid, etc So glad our law enforcement's taken care of every child abuse in murder case So we now can concentrate on the real dangerous people those of us who aren't wearing our seat belts and I'm not and won't and eight. Yeah, can And I got no car here, and I'm not driving and do I miss it? Oh, I didn't I I'll say it again the what what when I was there the week Yeah, I got up early Sunday morning went to publish to go shopping really early when there's nobody on the road out there Especially up I mean West Broward and man I loved it. I'd my car. I just got an advent and felt like great Other than that to rest of the time when there were all those assholes under what I thought to myself. I don't think I'm going to survive any of this But I did so Anyway, have a great weekend. We got a guy Curtis Stevenson is standing by who's going to be big he in fact he ought to be on instead of the big Oh, say that right now he knows his crap And dog has the day off. You got the hopper at four and nice go a jugs McDonald the trashers of the panthers 732 night Oh, God, his Curtis Stevenson