From home, whatever you do, take off your check-up pants. Do, do, do, do, do. Boy, did that movie suck or what? All apologies to a very nice lady called yesterday to tell me about what a wonderful movie that was. Goodwill Hunting, man, that sucked. Big time, it was. I mean, aside from that scene that she was raving about on the bench. Yeah, other than that, I mean, from there on, of course, Robin Williams, he eventually, you know, after a pretty good start, he eventually latched into being Robin Williams again and started hyperventilating and doing this patch Adam's routine without the red nose this time. And it was horrible, so predictable, so tight, so pointless, and many driver, 20 years for overacting, honey. I mean, she was just, she was squirting more than Teresa on passions. She was like, I thought she was going to drown in a sea of her own tears. It was awful. I put it a lot to the warning. No, don't waste your time on it. Badwill Hunting. And I got really upset a couple of times with Robin Williams put his arms around the mat, Dana, and started rubbing it back to his neck. I thought they were going to do something. Speaking of somebody going to do something, the beast, since they were just talking about it on my close personal buddy, the mole mice do show. And I know that everybody who listened to this show listened to the mole man, the man of the mole man, the beast he's off our list, your screwed beast. I already told Trostrat for this morning, stop his food, he's done. So you can get away with it once twice, and it's being a fat person that she's all the time. You're making it with how you do it right. But when you do it as blatantly and overtly as he's doing and have no common sense at all, we can't waste our time with him anymore. You know what I'm saying? This is the beast. Yeah, bye bye. Bye bye. Find some other sucker, okay, to try to help your life along. He's like a charity case. Everybody's got to try to get him food, help him lose weight, get him a date, maybe get late once in his life. Uh, no, bye bye. When I heard them talking this morning about how he and Greeper went to the Rascal house, and didn't we just yesterday unless my Alzheimer's is kicking in, was that only yesterday? We had a spy report about the beast man. I love eating nuts, sucking food down, sucking in these. It was only soup, it was only a gallon of soup at the hurricane game. And I will say this, I think there's a reason that they put him on those hurricane games. Probably it makes a ganky sound a lot better. No, no, no, the boys were there. Time to dodge a loose raccoon, you move the light from the day. Now they're coming again, man. Revolve. Just coming down. Revolve. This is our lunch room right there. Let's get him. Yeah, come on. Here's a kick. Yeah, come on. Yeah, come on. Let's go. Let's go. And our friend, let's bend the mirror. We'll let it get the piece of that one. Shout out to the game. And the scream of a hole. Can't get it out. Fire, put it on. Here's a big hole. Shout out to that. Go, go, go. Go. Go. Go, go. Go, go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. That's for that asshole, that cold from Philadelphia, yesterday. Typical Philadelphia. And of course, very possible. Flyers probably win a home tonight's possible. Didn't happen. Last night, Mr. V. Schodmiss. You're big mouth. Typical Philadelphia fan with an arrogant obnoxious hostile attitude. Rude disgusting. We're going to put you out of your misery tonight. Yeah. We'll see. We'll see what happens. Down Mr. Hodgschott. You can take your freaking flyers and stick them right A moon don't you? In fact, maybe he's got a bunch of freaking flyer points. Given you those freaking flyer points. Yeah, that's right. So Moth was just tell me he came back from Boston of his Abustment Hollywood weekend. And there were people on the plane wearing surgical masks. Yeah. From Fort Lauderdale to Boston. First of all, I haven't heard of any cases of SARS in Boston. And for Lauderdale if we haven't either, we had a couple in Dave County, a few, a couple hundred. Well, whatever was. But people go and we're in surgical masks on a plane from Fort Lauderdale to Boston. I think we could start a concession. Yeah, what happened? I mean, there are people up here doing it. It's all on the side of the road. Dollar holler. You know, for dime a surgical mask. Very, very strange. Don't forget to check out our hot couples contest. It's on our website. Starts Thursday, May 1. So we got a week going to have to get going on that. I don't want to waste a time with it right now. Got too much too many fish to fries. They say in a biz, don't they? Hmm, probably. I mentioned an asshole from Philadelphia. We kicked your ass last night that I mentioned at you. No. WC, who I am. Yeah. Hey, listen. Tell me. I want to form medical equipment company. Yeah. And we cannot keep those masks in stock. People are constantly buying them. What are they doing? What are they doing with them? They're doing, they're like going out of town and stuff. And they're afraid they're going to catch fire. Oh, I'm sorry. You're just funny part about the mask. Yeah. They're X halonely. You're following that. You can't. You can't. You're wearing one. You inhale germs, but you will not exhale them. Oh, man. Go back. I see. In other words, you probably should put another one on the outside of that. What if you sprayed it with listering? Hmm. You need it some kind of like a respirator. Maybe that's why, maybe that's why I'm Baba didn't inhale. Okay. Thanks for good news. How do you like that? I'll exhale a mass only. So my suggestion is if you're that worried about it, just to kid yourself, would be a good idea. I mean, you know, I'm sitting right up in the middle of it. Okay. Well, I'm in the middle of it exactly. Thank goodness. If I were I'd be gone. But, uh, huh? I'll seriously, I mean, what if the only precaution like I've told you that I take every time I come in this place, I go to the kitchen sink. I got my big thing of dawn this washing liquid here. And I put on the warm water and I wash, I scrub my hands very meticulously for about like 30 seconds. And I'd wrap my hands off and that's it. That's it. Yeah. Go on. A bad part is not they discovered that the virus actually can live. Uh, they thought it was only going to live like outside the human body for like maybe an hour or two. Now they say that lives outside the body from to 24 hours. The danger there being that if it gets on surfaces, you know, right? And so it's just a little for it. Not that it's really on my mind and I'm sure you don't believe that, but it's not. But you just get in the habit of doing certain things like when I get on the elevator in my building. Right. I take my key my apartment key. And I punch the ground floor button, which, and that's the one everybody punches anyway, because they got to come down from somewhere. And I punched that with a key and then when I come back on, I do the same thing for my flow. Yeah. I believe you're not the paranoid type. And no, and you just get in the habit of doing that. It just makes comments. Because they said that elevator buttons are one of the possibilities. I mean, it's so, so unlikely and so obscure. But it's just one of those things you're going to have it to do. But the idea of running around getting hysterical about it, in addition to which 95% of the people survive it anyway. Not that's a pleasant thing to have or anything, but. Especially when you get to be mosaaged. Hey, well, I wear a mask if I were you. For a lot more reasons than one. Well, he talks about me being ugly. Man, I guess, I don't look at him mirror, especially after he puts his piece on. We leaves the house in the morning. Wow. No one, we come. No, seriously. It's a good thing he works early in the morning. Because by the time he's coming in, there's nobody is even awake yet. Can you imagine to be his age to be in your late 70s? And I have to get up. What time you think he has to get up in the morning to come in from Boca? Up three? At least wait. Yeah, the wake enough. Yeah. I get up a three. Wash off the piece, right? Uh, a range of, imagine that scene from La Caja full. Remember when he was sitting in front of the mirror, that he was seeing at him adjusting the piece, the piece, the juer. And then getting out of the highway, how long would you say it takes even at that hour in the morning? It's not much traffic from Boca all the way to where we are in the day, Broward line. I would say the better part of an hour hour. So I'm thinking, um, yeah, he's got to get up like 3.34 at the latest. Forward. Would be really pushing it. Yeah, do you think he's a morning shower or a evening shower? You've resmeld the aroma that comes from that room early in the morning. Huh? Anyway, that are the letter of the editor in Sunday's paper, which I understand, according to a spy report from Vener Boy, that the mole mice directly mentioned my name this morning. That he was admitted listening to the show. How are you doing? Well, have a safe drive home. Be safe, Moby safe. But, uh, he actually admits not he listens to the show. And that's something he's really making progress taking little tiny baby steps. You know how they say that you, you revert to your childhood as you get really ancient like him? Yeah. And he's taking little tiny baby steps to hopefully joining human race someday, but we have our doubts. I'm a positive one. What happened? But he admits that I had some interesting things to say about that letter from Jim Lens and Plantation of the Sunday Sports section in the Harold. You're not going to melt that again today. Are you any else sure why not? I like it. Eric was something that that would be a good option for this poll. Who was suggesting? Eric? Eric? Eric? Who? Now, what do you mean, Eric was suggesting what would be an option for the poll letting the Collars decide when they're done talking? You're done talking, Eric? You're done? The beast is done and Eric is done talking. Let me ask you, you saw the poll and I did put one additional assault on the poll. I was like, I'm not sure if I was going to be a good idea. But you think, I mean, we've got two, four, six, eight, nine choices on there. Do you think it's lacking in choices? Yeah, I think we need more. Yeah, but thanks so. Don't see that movie. Goodwill Hunting. I won't. Yeah, I was wrong. Other people warn me, but if you get it, I don't know what we think a lot of calls on it. Plus it's a, it's not a guy's movie anyway. It's a fact. It is. Something I would like ordinarily. I mean, I enjoyed seeing Matt Damon. He looked pretty good. Ben Affleck really gets on my nerves. He hears no purpose in him. He has younger brothers in there. Two Casey Casey Casey. Yeah. And he also served no purpose. I don't want to go to the police. He served a purpose to get paid. I guess so. I served a purpose for himself. But he was useless as usual. And he just seemed like a, a math dayman's appendage. What a were a math dayman. There's been Affleck. He's a appendage. So I guess if that wedding would jail whoever happens, which I'm sure won't. But Matt will have to be long on a honeymoon. He'll have to be like the goby twin. So to speak. Huh? He'll have to be like the meat in the sand. The third wheel. The meat in the sandwich. Anyway, speaking to me in the sandwich. The beast you're out. Bye bye. He's had well how many chances have we had for him. But third man. At least. And once we get past 30, I just give up. I mean, it will be one thing if you were cheating, which we all do that. You know, nobody's perfect on any weight loss thing. But when you're cheating. Openly like that at the ball games, everybody can see. And then going to the Rascal house with Robert Greeper and eating lunch at the Rascal house. I got news for you. Security didn't take his little black sack to the Rascal house. Okay. You were a sack of crap is what you are beast and were disgusted with you and nauseated. And we feel ripped off. I feel like I've been raped. Did you know? I feel like moments feel all 10 like I've been raped. And it is not funny. Especially when the beast is on the other end. So I'm starting to think that Mo had the right idea when he dumped his ass. You know, as time goes on, the Mo we start talking about balance for like a loose the weight. The serious way. Get serious about it. Okay. If you're just going to screw yourself and you're wasting your time. And if you're just going to try to fool yourself. But there's no reason for that because you get to choose two choices for every meal. Every day that's run a program and every snack. There are three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks in your little black sack. And you get two choices for each every single day. So you don't have to count any calories. And after watch your carbs, I do have to do is watch the spoon in fork as it goes in your mouth. And really enjoy it because like I said, there are five servings, five feedings in your black sack. Which is more than enough to keep you satisfied and full all through the day. Except for the worst of the pigs. Believe me, you'll be more than satisfied on the great food from balance for life. It's all fresh delicious. Did nothing frozen? No preservatives? No additives? No crap like you find for most other so-called diet per vears. Let balance for life. You lose the weight and get back your good health and start looking good. To get some real size clothing on call balance for life today at nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine. If you're really decided you want to lose the weight in your series about it. This is the way to go balance for life. Check out their website at balanceforlife.com. Five and a local. Five six five six. The rears on your top. You way. You way. It's time to get it on. Congratulations, get a life. I don't lose a few pounds. Hands to your chin. Seems what's in our. Tell me, George. Just kind of think the reader with me and rise. Salsa on top with some extra spice. Like some extra spice. I guess not. I'm down in the bathroom with an egg. It's having. Sound of cozy butter was ready. She's surprised. Why can't I cross? Where's the reading the news? I'm working on a bowel move. Trying to move some better. I'm trying to move some better. Working on a bowel move. And it was taken time. Pretty big. Was the last night trying to make some thunder? I want to take a sad and wounded. Stop with the magazine from 1962. You know, we didn't want to bowel move. Because of all about it from cheese to tender glue. Rain for bowel move. About a paper. You asshole. He didn't put a helmet. He's so much tough. I want to remember. I want to remember. I should have brought a camera. Oh, oh, oh, oh. I really am dead. A masterpiece. There was one. Let's see 1344 votes on yesterday's poll. Not too shabby, eh? Where would you never eat even if they gave you the food for free? We asked yesterday. Stop and think about that. If they gave it to you for free, and I'm really proud that we finally got under 30% That said, if it's hey, I'll eat it. We were embarrassed in the beginning. It was like 36, 37%. I think finally is the day we're on. We had more like civilized people instead of the usual free loaders who vote during the show. 28 and a half percent, though, said if it's free, I'll eat it. 384 of you. So we got some lunch standing by. Thurves worked on it for you this morning. He's got a big, tightful for you. 7. 11 food was second 139. They don't like them. Pickled eggs and them sausages. Man just give them the old schmits. And they're subs with wet bread. They have subs at the 7. I guess they would. Hogies and saran rat. Mmm. So that it locks in all the moisture. Mmm. McDonald's 114. Good choice. Soft Florida Stadium Food 96. The Swachoff Food 88. You don't want to eat Preston's hen. Pizza Hot 58. I don't know why you're so dumb. I mean, I'm not saying I like pizza, which I don't, but it's not like I don't see it in the same category. For example, the Olive Garden 48. I would croak. I would sacrifice a chicken right in front of their door before I would eat the food at the Olive Garden there. There's just no way. Denny's 46. Burger King 45. Started moving back up ladder again after kind of getting stuck on about 30. Burger King 45. That was my choice. I would not eat there. Under any circumstance, they have a lot of food. They have nothing there that's edible. Can you name the other than their sodas, which are gets kind of hard to, although some places actually water down the sodas so much of the food. Yeah, those felt in sodas taste nasty. Yeah. So you, I don't think there's anything you could name. And, oh, I take that back. There are breakfast stuff. The croissants, which is good. Okay, there you go. Yeah. You're right. I'm not a breakfast person anymore. I certainly wouldn't eat that crap anyhow. But back in my days in WI and Z since I'll admit I have no shame. Back when I used to work at INZ at night. Mm-hmm. On the way to work, I would go through the drive through what Burger King. And I would give me a, like, two croissants, which is with bacon and cheese, no egg. That sounds good. Oh, it was great. It was fantastic. I thought I would eat it when I did that. But the egg. Oh, the egg. Oh, the egg. Those are like, they're like, plastic hockey pucks. Carlos, too. He's the orders it with no egg. Oh, my God. Oh, the slimy nish. Yeah. Like, snat. They call it egg, but it's not Burger King in 45 votes. RB's 43, which I think, I don't know. RB's once upon a time, back in the beginning. RB's was great. What do you mean? Huh? They're fries and they give you fry options, like potato cakes and stuff like that. That part's good, but they're sandwiches. In the beginning, they used like real cheddar cheese, melted cheddar. Huh? Instead of what they use now, you're right. Instead of whatever that miscreate cheese is now. And the thing that would infuriate me, there's an RB's. I think it's still there. Maybe not. On university by sunrise? Don't know. Or is it punyland? Well, whatever. You know where the fucker occurs is? They're right. I know the fuck. Mucker. Right next to it. There's an RB's. Pretty sure it's filler. And they used to have these specials, special sandwiches. And the specials were great. And they would say, for a limited time, when is this the same thing, too? Really pisses me off. For a limited time. And you'll say, this is the best damn thing they've ever made. This is the best sandwich ever ahead. And you go back to the following week to get another one. Oh, we don't make that anymore. Yeah. It was too good. I don't understand. But RB's 43 votes, Miami's subs 36, the waffle house 35. Checkers 26. Red lobster 25. You can't complain about their food. They don't give you any. KFC and Popeyes each head 23. Look at that. Those chicken people think are like. Applebees 20. Churches chicken 19. Little Caesar's 18. Little Red Cabo's 16. It'll turn your loose baby. Crazy John don't mind. Oh, God. I got this and so did I on the wrong pipe. Oh, sorry. Yeah. That's a better not go until I get this coughing out of control. I'll be quarantine right on the elevator. Roath house, real 15. Boston chicken. The dairy queen was ear food seven. Newton year seven and Smith. We're in Lensky five. In last place. And maybe we just had a bad experience. No, because I had eaten there on two non-categorifications. And it sucked. Yeah. I'll be damned. But boy, that colorary they brought me was great. I think I might sell it. No, seriously, they brought me a real expensive knife said. I think maybe they were trying to like give me a message. Look at that. The Canadian dollar is all about the 69 and a quarter cents. That that is the worst at least from my perspective. It's been in 10 years. Merck and dollar is declining like it's going out of style. It's declining faster than tourism and Hong Kong. Here's the fact that says, and this is the time's right. And what something I wanted to mention. They before we give today is very important pool. Which stems from that great letter from Jim Lenskin plantation on Sunday the hero. I'm going to milk it again today. Why not? Why not? It was not not only was it a, I mean, it was a stupid letter. But the idea is it was so funny because you can analyze every sentence. And air almost every phrase in it is a rip-off from somebody else. That's why I'm sure PDLenny wrote it. Don't you think? I think it was the info. Do you think it was me, fo? Hmm. Me, full of money and two to show. Well, he is awful tired with a polyman. That's his buddy. They're driving. They've just like been an aflacan mad Damon. Right. Can't pay me to get him on the air. Why doesn't he put him on his own show? Oh, you think they're going to put up with that crap. First of all, they won't pay him. See, that's the difference. They won't pay him. Do you think DFO's going to pay him out of some of the Indian money's got left over? Oh, I doubt it. Anyway, here's the fact that he's going to put up with that crap. Anyway, here's the fact that this is hanging. You know, the war is over. I was watching CNN this morning and guess what they reported? Shark attack. Oh, yeah. Next up, it says have doxions. I guess whoever fast this to me didn't already discover that they've made the transition. And I was telling these guys this morning before the show. That the reason I would see the Scott and Lacy Peterson stuff on there like round the clock is because The war is basically over. I mean, Operation Iraqi Freedom MSNBC still pumping that crap. But now like right now, that's CBSM watching story. Because they actually are showed a bunch of demonstrations everyone out over there. Then we met one of the, of the, of the, a moreover with James in the city. And he was telling us how the she eyed wants to be counted. One to be part of the process. But they will have to, Oh, here's the guy he is. I was slapping himself on the chest and they're flagulating themselves again. She eyed to, you know, I was watching this this morning and they're showing it on there again. And I was thinking what for the um team time wouldn't it be great? If we woke up on morning and all religion in the world is just, Oh, wouldn't that be great? Oh, I mean, you people are there that just don't want to hear about that or in such denial. That's where it comes from man. That's the reason that the evil, the real evil doers like these corporate, uh, lunatics are able to manipulate the public the way they can. Because it is religious, hoax, pocus, man. You don't need a focus group to see through the hoax, pocus. Although they are doing hokey, pokey. Thanks to the American troops teaching in high school. But they're over there. Some of the people are even doing like that. I thought they only did that like in a far east. Their flags lay themselves with chains. All the options that come out of the Middle East involved that self-peating self-punishment, bloodletting. I see. Like I said, if we woke up tomorrow and all of this crap would just disappear. All the fairy tales, uh, all of a sudden people would say, well, how come I hate you? Because I don't anymore. Imagine. If there was no yoko ono, we'd all say, Oh, yeah. Excellent choice. Well, I'm gagging on this soda. Stars. Well, you stopped. You know, the eating center that I've talked about, which is a downtown probably the most, the biggest or the most famous shopping center in the city. Yeah. And serious about eating is department store that, you know, how all kinds of problems went under. So they finally changed the sign and as you walked on there, it's, there's a big serer sign. I was thinking the other day being as sick as I thought they took the e out of there. If like the light on the e went out of would say stars on the front of the eating center, people would be like, yeah, it's morning all over the place. That's probably probably not real good for business. Speaking of business, if you're a business agent, if you're getting like a puny paycheck, or be weaker to it's because you got a crappy did end job. Here's the answer for you. Get out of that and the end listen deal and get yourself a real job from our friends at past train. Get trained for a new high-paying computer job in just four short months. And you can be a real men, even if you have no idea what that means. Fast rate offers convenient day evening and weekend classes. Check them out of the web if you like it fast train.com and like I said, get out of your dead end job and say goodbye to your butt plug of a boss. Call fast train today and like I always tell you, no matter where you live, that's going to be a piece of cake because there's body of location convenient to where you live. They're all over town. Or in Miami, Kendall, Pembro Pines and Alan Fortlottordale too. So there's body one close by you. And also be sure and register at fast train.com to get your free American flagbuppers sticker. Call them today and get all the information. There's no obligation. Get yourself started on the road where we'll see where it's coming. You want days. On man came on the two-fifth song. Me, don't wear the shirts with barren shots. Again. And I'll say. Does anybody really know where Bosnia is? Can anybody tell me where I'm here? But go kick, change it all the time. No, no, no. I can't keep up so I don't try. I thought that what was up so need these days. The Russians packed it in MCMM is on the watch on that. And they're all night and day. Oh, so I'll say. Does anybody really know where Bosnia is? No. Can anybody tell me where I'm. No. You know how much of my advice on the road. But I'm not trying to be who I is, guys. Can anybody tell me where I'm. Bosnia is. But I'm the champion. I don't know. That's the one with you, lucky. I 33, 5, 50, WQA. Rum spell calls for regime change in North Korea. Before I get to our pool today, a secret tunnel rum spell Memorandum calling for regime change in North Korea was leaked yesterday. Opening a fresh foreign policy split in the Bush administration. They had a great documentary on last night in between the 85 periods of the hockey game. I was able to see quite a bit of it on the history channel. Yeah. About the origins of this whole sedan was same thing. But it went way back into the late 40s and early 50s. And about how the CA was operating in Guatemala. At the behest of the United Group company, which later became Shakita banana. And all the machinations of what the CA has done in outsting of various dictators and making some of them offer, they couldn't refuse and outsting other people or even dictators, right? But nevertheless, starting with Guatemala and then moving through the Bay of Pigs and on and on away, I was scary as what it was. And that's one of the reasons I told you that there's no history real history taught in American schools. Because it would be pretty embarrassing and awful on of it. Anyway, the rum spell classified discussion paper circulated by the fence secretary by him appears to cut directly across the state of Bram and plans to disarm Kim Jong-il the North's dictator, though threats, 11 by promises that his regime is not a target over our canyver read it. There's a couple of words missing in it. But nevertheless, you get the gist, it's on our website. Rumisfield says, regime changing North Korea. The bulls he says, regime change from that fascist in Syria. regime change regime change at QAM. I'm sorry. And I can't expect it as poll today. Here was this great letter by Jim and plantation who did not have it. I bet I'm your a T he'll call us today. How much you want to bet? $30. Talk radio needs a boost and for anybody who might not have been listening yesterday, which yesterday, even I wasn't an official holiday was somewhat somewhat of a half-assed holiday. Yeah, because I noticed, well, they had the Boston marathon day after Easter Sunday of year in Boston. And so it's kind of like some kind of a holiday there and here like the post office was foes yesterday. So it's like not it was in the twist of between you said your kid wasn't in school yesterday. Correct. So it was something. So I'm sure we have how many people you think didn't hear yesterday on the show. Talk radio needs a boost, wrote this a guide to the Harold on Sunday of the sports section. And the program general manager Greg Reed needs to energize how our David's morning show. That's so lovely correct. And as Jim Manage and Hank Goldberg shows the changes it says, David, a stand up radio host, I'm characteristically faded like a cheap playmer at Gulfstream Park when a February call arrest him to come in and some new oranges and marks on a show. One A.D.F. was in that is faded like a cheap playmer at Gulfstream Park. There was the first telltale sign that something really stung from this letter. David who has an opinion about everything said I only worry about what happens between 6 9 a.m. Howard gives you a opinion on Rogers be a good or bad. David should inform listeners on the specific support he thinks is lacking by QA amansment, a reference to a very jackass column. I think what happened was it was like a circle jerk very jackass, VFO, PD Lenny and the Pauli man. I'll set around in a big circle and put their minds together and wrote this crap. However, here comes another one of the most glaring points. Paul Messel should be brought in as the third personality of the day. Now they live in up the morning show. Messel is clever, glib and very funny. And he would add a much needed honor, of course, met a chemistry to the show. Even though QA amans reputation of being cheap, a co-host to see this is his PD Lenny. Yeah. A co-host needs to be added to manager to show as managed capable of intelligent conversation more than 30 seconds with any caller. The competent Wolverine seems to have proud himself in getting the caller off the or as soon as possible and he rudely cuts off callers too soon. And that comes to gem the piece the resistance of this letter. Why not let the caller decide when the conversation should end? That's it. I can't read that often enough. I'm sitting here and I'm looking at that. It reminds me of Jellies' compliment this morning when Robert Greeper made it very clear that he's tired of one that chronic the calls every day on a show was got nothing to say by the way, very annoying guy. And Greeper was trying to make the point that maybe he just might not call every day and Jellies saying, Hey, talk show, he might even call and he's not going to call us in. See, Gellie, if you know anything about doing a talk show which you don't you understand. The audience doesn't want to hear the same happened to some people air-resing old day. There's nothing that they have to say that's that entertaining, that interesting, that fascinating that they want to hear the same chronic misfits air-resing old day at the death mail at talk radio. And here's Gellie defending it. Why not let the caller decide when the conversation should end? And then he goes on to say, What does the force that needed stick to the managed gig? Goldberg's picture in the is next to the word B-O-R-I-N-G in the dictionary. His unpredictable caller tyrants are disgraced with his profession. Why does Reed allow Goldberg to continue to parade callers? The answer obviously being because it's a very entertaining part of his show on people love it, including me. Sports Talk Radio should be fun, lively and thought-provoking, another major market sports talk radio pairs likeable personalities, and make sure enjoyable caller friendly, humors and intelligence sports conversation. Sunny South Florida sports talk radio deserves better, writes Jim Lens in plantation. Wow. And so in honor of Jim's letter, which I find most amusing and entertaining. Is he on a phone yet? I don't see the line ring. Come on, Jim. Get with it. We'd love to have a great conversation with him. We're giving people an opportunity not to switch that book up at our own Friday. We're just killing time. Let's be honest. Tomorrow Thursday. Until that big winter rainy book comes out on Friday. The pressure man. Can you see the steam coming through the windows a month? It's car on highway back to Boko. Wow. Don't worry, his car's not on fire. That steam is just coming from the bag. Okay, it's a little steam this morning. Because the pressure is building. I wait a minute. Maybe this is Jim Lens. Yeah. Jim Lens line. Hello. Hey, this is Jim Lens. No, it's not. And I'm a douchebag. Yeah. I could tell it wasn't Jim Lens. I was Jim's voice. Huh? It was him. It wasn't him. Let me give it a pull question here. Quick, ticking around. Okay. What programming changed is WQM need to make to improve big time. That's our pull question today. An anticipation of the winter book coming out on Friday, which could be a little marginal in some day parts including this one. If the writers get to die, we're in March. We're screwed. If the most people all tend to get to die, we're screwed. What programming changed is QM need to make to improve big time. Here are the choices. Don't mow new morning show. The ocean retirement life George step in. Move the al back to tend to too. Dumpt the mad dog. Dumpt the hump. I like that. That was cute. Nice going Neil. Thank you. Bring back the crow. Lots more Joseph Gackie. Don't change a thing. It's fine. Or keep George off the year. Which was his own. He I didn't have that on there originally. But he wanted to put that on her because he knows it'll get a tremendous response. Already is. Is it really? Well, you're second. Your second. Tie for second. We got some preliminary votes on here to pull one up a little early. Twenty seven votes. Dumpt mow new morning show 10. You're in a lead mow. Oh, they can't touch them all man. Dumpt mow new morning show 10. Keep George off the year six. Move Neil back to tend to too. Don't change a thing. It's fine. Three. Dumpt the mad dog. One. Lots more Joseph Gackie. One. And the other ones have no votes yet. But I'm sure they will. They will. They will. Twenty before 10 at five 60 WQM. If your carpets look like. If they're bad. If they're real schmutzie. Then the answer is dry concepts. I've been using them in my whole. I don't want to admit how long well over 20 years. Let's just leave it at that. The dry concepts have been coming to clean in my carpets. That's why I've turned all of my friends and my relatives. Everybody I know I did dry concepts and they all agree. They don't agree on anything else. But they all agree that these people are the best in the universe. And you'll agree too when using the first time. You'd never dream of calling anybody else. Because these folks dry clean your carpets. It's an exclusive patented method. And it sucks out even the deepest dirt weight on her. And if I was your carpet. Make some look and feel and smell just like brand new. They're limited fresh. They're drying a couple of hours. And you'll be amazed at how great even the nasty old carpets can look just like brand new. They also do with stupidity of vegetable job or clean your furniture and your drapery. And of course fantastic on your leather furniture and your oriental area rugs too. If you have problems with pet orders or milled orders caused by water damage, they'll weigh their little magic thing on it and make that go away too. And look just like brand new. You can't be too job they do. And you certainly can't be too deal because they give your written guaranteed price. Before they start the job. Soon after we about rip off at the end. Call them tool free. You'll be glad you did call drag concepts at 1-800-248-5071. 1-800-248-5071. A log under their worldfamous website at dragconcepts.com. And with your deal with these folks, it's a true as a man with drag concepts you can clean today. And then entertain tonight. You're my and local. This is the virtual life city. You weigh yeah. Adneal. Coming up tonight on inside the behind the Chuhaliwood Celebrity Music Bar of the Profile Story. We take a good, hard, stiff look and a start-up. He was born in Prove Czechoslovakia and began playing music at age 4. Like all gifted European prodigies, he dreamed of one day coming to America. To write a theme song for a crappy TV show. He was Jan Hammer. I blame the communists. The stinking filthy communists. Jan Hammer had to flee his native frog because of the communist invasion in 1968. I was educated as the Academy of Music and Arts. I gave concepts that would have you beeping. And what am I known for? Don't f**k Johnson and Philip Michael f**king Thomas. Croquette and f**king Tubbsman. Oh Jesus, Jan Hammer. Why that tight ass? Sloppy gold. One time, Jan Hammer manager. Well, say that three times fast. Jan Hammer manager. Jan Hammer manager. Jan slumber manager. S**t. Anyway, sloppy gold. Hey, this was the 80s on location in Miami. No way would he have scored that much blow back in Czechoslovakia. But Jan Hammer needed closure. So inside the mind returned it into the modern Czech Republic, where this country would give a grateful welcome for their returning musical genius. Hey, Jan Hammer. Look at the good good good good. Go, good good. Go, good good. Go, good good. Jan Hammer. Hey, at least you got to do a lot of blow. It's a big juicy, sobbing wet-looker show business. Tonight, uninside the behind. 947 at 560. Notice I've got to kind of like a theme with a bit today. Play a lot of stuff. I haven't played in a long time or haven't played off enough. Good. Don't you think that's a good idea? Excellent. Who's asking you? Oh. Anyway, what programming changed is WCMD to improve big time? Huh? We're not just talking about like a little adjustment. Okay, like a chiropractic adjustment. We're talking about a big major movement. You know? You could smell it about 100 miles around. Dump mode, new morning show 34. Oh, no, mo. Keep George off your 18. Move Neil back to 10 to 2014. I like that. I didn't vote for that, but I noticed you and I voted for the same one. We're not saying what it is. Move Neil back to 10 to 2. 14 people say that. I still think that's the catch me. I don't know what we do about the rest of the schedule at that point. I think what we'd have to do probably is move the mad dog to the morning show. Yeah, we talked about that. Right. What we talked about a lot of things, but then of course, our middle management people there. They're like useless. You know, they talk a good game and I was spend a lot of time telling me about their trips to Boston stuff like that. Which I'm glad that stuff had a good time, but who cares when you really come to the omniscient? A lot of small talk. Small talk is for like after work. You know, we're in a hallway. How was your weekend, Greg? You know, you went to whatever. But other than that, like when when when what I'm saying. What do you say? That there's a time to like do small talk and there's a time to get down a business and this place never gets down a business. Too much monkey bin and not enough real business. That's what the monkey man said. No more facts is monkey man. You're getting me your bug a man. I'm going to tell Larry box about you. I'll be already knows. Let's see. Move Neil back to 10 to 2014. Don't change your thing. It's fine. Eight. Lots more. Joe's a gackie for. Yeah. Neil should retire on a George step in two. I know who those two were who voted for that by the way. Yeah. Who's that? Ronder wolf and David Raw. Oh, ring. And I'm thinking about it. I'm thinking, you know, 27 years is a long time. I'm, you know, every day to have to try to come up with something new and different and new, interesting pull and new bunch of stuff to try to get these people to call. You know, after a while gets ponderous. It gets really freaking ponderous after a while. Then of course payday comes. You think, well, this was kind of rewarding, which is the only rewarding software. Hey, speaking of before I finished the rest of the pull result, which is very much. Speaking of most threatening not to do the a draft show this Saturday, which is a sponsored and paid event as you just turned on the promo. Uh, it would seem to me that the guy who's pulling on a half a million here to do a three-hour show and getting really crappy numbers to top it all off. And then on top of that, getting whatever the dolphins pay me do those ball games. Uh, that's a very leasedy. I mean, to look at paid extra just to work a couple of few hours on a Saturday? What kind of crap is that? Forgot it's making like three million a year. When you say? Yeah. I'll do it. Yeah, George, I like to have to price anybody that's making seven and a half million a year. And it's, uh, working a three-hour crappy show and has to have a side kick in there to top it all off with a squeaky voice. Who says that he's delighted to hear from one every day. That's part of your problem, Gellies. You don't understand what talk radio's all about and you never will. Your two obsessed would try to stab Justin McDonnell in the back getting that panther job next year. That's your problem. If you'd pay more attention to what to stand in what talk radio's we go about. And not worried about stabbing other people and trying to get everybody else's goddamn job because you're so paranoid and have about how to work with a cranky old man. And which day you're going to look at him in a wrong way and piss him off and get your ass fired. I think he's got a point. How'd you like to have to put up with that stress up? Look how easy you got, Mr. You and you're not making crap. How much you think Gellies pulling down? I don't know. I do not speculate. Well, come on. Let's get tough anywhere and find out. I think that no serious. I'm tired of this crap. Let's, let's quit beating around a bush. Let's put it all out there on the table for the honest and I said, if we're going to ask them there opinion, let's find out. Oh, yeah. That's what the Carlisves making. That's him a month. Carlisves on the automatic deposit now. Let's hear it. He's really moving up in a world. Automated deposits. So they don't have to like clear the check. And believe me, when you work for the beastlies, let's see. Oh, oh, here's an excellent one. Let's add this to the pool. Oh, this is great. No more marlins game. Oh, even though it's a chronic factor, I like it. Get that on your Eric, please. Gotta say pretty pleased Eric, we get very slowly. Special after every check is a gestion. I don't remember what his gestion was and don't say, yeah, I do remember what it was. Was crap. Let's see Alex says, here's some suggestions for your pool. Bring back default. No. No. Drop gold even morning showing Ed poker Brian. No. Oh, can you hear that? And poker Brian is not an on your person. See, people, we already tried that once that I would remember those horrible days. Or the pattern show. The sheki patterns and guitar man, Booker Brian show. I mean, forget about that. Some people are great comic is it's like brought Robin Williams. He's a great stand up comic. His movies most of them suck. Like, what was that one? Touch Adams. No, well, that too, but the one I just watched. Goodwill, badwill hunting. Oh, God. I'd like to hunt down whoever came up with a concept. The concept of that for that was just, I mean, so corny. Oh, so predictable. In addition to what just, just out of nowhere, here's Matt Damon and the Boston accents. That wasn't Matt Damon and Ben Affleck. Aren't they from Boston and England? I think they are. Carlos says yes. The worst, I mean, I lived in Boston for two years. I spent plenty of time there. And there's no question people in Boston. I got a very heavy accent. In fact, the first job I had in Boston, I could understand what the hell that people were saying. It took me about six months before I could understand them. But the Boston accents that they affected in this movie, they would only come into a, they'd be speaking just like I am right now. And then, yeah, yeah, you know, they would run over the next year. Yeah, they like, I don't know where they forgot. Yeah, I like they forgot that they were in Boston, but then all of a sudden, what they remember. They'd remember. Oh, God, well, horrible. Or please, any of you people out there that might have been influenced don't watch it. Even if you want to see Matt Damon naked, which he, you know, forget about. Now, we're not bringing back to you. Sorry Alex, but you're going to, you've written reject. Probably used to it anyway. No chance. And then the Pauli man is not coming back. And I find out from the moment, it's going to get so much information from me, you know, because evidently, because he's in South Florida in Paradise, he spent all of his waking moments and maybe even during his sleep with the Sony Walkman listening to QAM listening to radio station. So he was quoting stuff that the Gurly man did on Sunday morning, which I guess that's another one of our horror trade station out. And the Gurly man is on there with the Gekky and say, Mad Dog thing, Mad Dog trades out the time. He's got some kind of a scam going with the Greg Reed. He broke his time and then he pedals the spots in there on Sunday morning. I'm going to tell you, I thought I had a great deal. You know, doing a show at Toronto and I did some from Amsterdam. And I got all these vacations. I'm like a tiger compared to these guys. Not only guy teach them, but they passed me like I was standing still. Right. We got guys like show up like two out of every 10 days and like have all kinds of broker time got all kinds of scam money coming from shows that they don't even do. How'd you like to have that going on? Right. How'd you like to get paid from shows that you don't even have to do anything on? Wouldn't that be something for some smuck like the Gurly man to be on there with Joseph Gekky, no less. What a quenal of that is. So what do you think, Gekky's pulling down? Fuck third man. I see, you think about the 100 grand? Yeah. Nice. He's my friend. Huh? I don't know. I'll tell you why, because I remember when their contracts came up for renewal and they had that one pretty good book was good for them. The first team. Hmm. And I think of that time Greg made one of his many, many, many mistakes. And I think he's making, I don't know, maybe 200. 150. I'll call up, no one can't find out. Let's find out on the airport, Geltysmaken. And of course, I had that old defo contract around somewhere in my briefcase. Right. And where I got a hold of that contract, you got a few. I'm going to let it out. Here's the guy. I talk about defo being a sit down guy. This is why I have very little sympathy for him. I'll grant you that when Greg screwed up the morning show that was like the Kiss of Death for QAM. But, well, I'm sure Ramlin, you know what? That's because I worked up. This is a subject near and dear to my heart. Is radio mismanagement. But this is a guy at IOD and Steve Nickel and Hemward Tight. Nickel was the program director, Paxon buys out the station. We all go over to work for Buddy Bud Paxon, which, you know, the first month or two wasn't too bad. And defo is like leaving him hangin because QAM is dangling a job in his face. And he's always going to do the morning show on QAM. And he's got all these perks and he's going to make a whatever was way too much. And so he's leaving them hangin is he coming? And so they got a sports show on at night at six o'clock. Remember sports talk between six and eight p.m. Of course after Rick and Scott, do I remember it? I had to work at a lot. Yeah, so anyway, he's supposed to be on it was on a Friday evening. And he just doesn't show up. He doesn't show up. He leaves Steve Nickel hangin. I mean, Steve Nickel is not, you know, one of the great Americans I've ever met. But, you know, no, seriously, I mean at that point, I mean Steve Nickel keep in mind was a guy who never even thought he was going to be there. He thought he was going to get canned. He packed all his crap up to get fired. Yeah, Steve Nickel. And all of a sudden he just shows up and starts moving to the desk like, oh, I guess I'm not fired yet. Am I right? No, it was a strangest thing. It was bizarre. Like, they're not going to hire me a Paxon. They're going to can my ass in and he shows up. Once they find out all these old, sorry. And then what was Steve Nickel doing sports talk between six and eight. And that's not to me. That's about as classless. No one had his property Indians. And then they're going to grade read behind the scenes and they're being honest about and say, Hey, I got a real problem here. And I don't want it to blow up in your face. They just got through a rename in the morning show instead of the morning crew. It was the, whatever, the first it was the, what was it? Jeff to forest. The morning shows with the sports. The, the, the, the sports. The, the, something like that. For a Jeff to forest and a crew. Something. And then the show after him. And he's still then by the time he buddy until the thing blew in the newspapers. They find out he's like, I got a problem with the Indians. He's got a bright bracelet on his ankles, the whole deal. So I don't have a whole lot of sympathy for him. Plus the fact he was always stabbing me in the back anyway. I was paranoid. I'm going to get rid of him for his job. And the rumor was never going to get your job. Okay, default. You paranoid little scumbag with your silly cliches. I'm not a big default fan. Joe roses to go. We need back in a morning. Joe in a mad dog. Can you imagine? Oh, I'm just telling you. Guilty on the updates. Keep this squeaking to a minimum. Little hockey talk from Guilty not too much. I'm not going to how much hockey talk there was this morning. I didn't hear too much of the show about those great overtime games last night. Minnesota beats Colorado 3 2 and the least of course. Right. He said Tucker. 957 at 560. I'll tell you a great place you ought to be eating very soon. And that's the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. There are so many Chinese buffet. Pretty soon it's going to be like churches. You'll find one on every street corner. Churches and bars. But the fact that a maddo is no maddo. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. You're not going to have to do that. The buffet at Emile Coast features a full salad bar, new sushi bar and fresh room cocktail, and even better news if it's possible. Emile Coast famous lobster fest is back featuring lobster thermators and lobster biscuit and what a dessert bar. If you have any room left at the end, try to pace yourself. They got a dessert bar that's unbelievable pies and cakes. Paced res ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit as well. Three locations of the famous Emile Coast buffet. They're in sunrise, Pine Island of 44th Street. They're on Collins Avenue, just know the 163rd in Prestige's North Miami Beach. And if the Innocent is a Mingle and Pembroke Rhodes, the original Pembroke pies. Emile Coast accept reservations. Take on the Lime available to by Call of 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. I bet you're my friend, Richard's happy after the leaf one last night. He's from Toronto, and a great guy at the Emile Coast Chinese buffet. Have a great pickup. Why? In local. We're sports radio 5-60s, you and you. We AM. Don't say too. Well, congratulations, Denalise. I guess it is. There are no noons. There are things we know that we know. Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob. There are no unknowns. That is to say there are things that we now know. We don't know. But there are also unknown unknowns. Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, We Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob Rob, Rob Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob Love you, show me your love you, love you. What programming changes is WQM need to make to improve big time or ask you today, giving the audience a chance which we do a couple of times a year to stick their nose into our programming which they certainly don't, they're not reluctant to do that ordinarily. Always got an opinion. Dump, mo, new morning shows 71. Keep George off the year 38. You're not even close. Sorry. Move Neil back to 10 to 22, 29. Don't change a thing. It's fine. 10. Lots more Joseph Gackie seven. No more Marlon's game. We just put that onters. Got six votes already. Neil should retire on the George step in. Four step back in. Four. Bring back the Crow 3, dump the mad dog to and dump the hopper only one. So there you go. That's the way it's working out so far. We're still waiting for Jim from plantation to call in. All the other calls that we take in and around here are just like window dressing, as they say. Right? Right. Just killing time waiting for a good host, buddy. Jim. Thank you, I am. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, it was up, bro. Hey, definitely got to give my vote to take in George off the year man. That guy is so good. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, Neil, bro. You know what? It's how the warm minutes are already like the third story on the news in shit. Maybe you're not going to be. Ha ha ha ha. Why'd me quote what was that? You should have just said, I'm done. We had a bit much of a heart. Oh, that's right. You forgot a little too much of that. In fact, I don't know why he's not can you because he sounds like one of your people. When you're, oh, the stoner. Yeah, stoner. 560, 750, 560, pound, 560. Anybody else out there see the movie? Good. What was it? Good bed wheel hunting? The noted minute. I wouldn't have been in public. And if you re enjoyed it, now that woman who called in yesterday, she's in town of Orpening. She's probably got the hotstermat Damon, but so to why, but that's being still as a horrible movie. And I wouldn't watch it again. I am going to go see that. Is it not bounty hunter? What's the name of the movie that Lynn emailed me by yesterday? The other Matt Damon movie. Somebody will tell me. Boring. And Jerry. What is it? The Boring. I didn't. That's it. You seen it? Yeah. And you're right. The movie, whoever fasted it was right. Jerry was the movie with Matt Damon and what's his name? Casey F. Casey F. F. Was in his click yesterday. Ophel. Just horrible movie. I just awful. The dialogue was the most incipid, the most ridiculous, the most ludicrous crap. And you can't really judge the acting, the other than many driver riperton. She was awful. But because there was nothing to work with. The dialogue was just so corny and awful and pretty, but I was pretty good. I think it was Matt of bed's first attempt at a speedwriting. Oh, Ben and Matt wrote it? Yeah. I wrote a clothes when they wrote it or what they like naked. How would get the latter probably? They were on the latter naked. Could it be a QAM? Of course, being in the waitmen, remember that song hang down your head, Tom Dulli? Yes, sir. Neil? Speak to me, yes. I'm not a nail. That's good to you if you're more about this ridiculous attitude that our government has, that we have to put faces on a deck of cards. You'll catch these guys. Childish? Oh, I felt that way when they came out when they first announced the shock and arc, part, portion of the war. Yeah. All right. I thought I was going to be talking to you. I mean, we so stupid that that's how they have to deal with us? Yeah. That's what that's the way that's the level that they deal with the American public on, like, we're all bunch of little kids. Yeah. And now they got this boycott French product campaign. What's that on these people? I don't care where the product is made. If it's sold on the United States, if the American job, there's America tax is being paid. I just don't understand what people are thinking now. They're not. I have no love loss for the French. I'm going to give some French. I'm getting French toast today. Just out of spite. Have a great day, Pally. Thanks, Neil. You're done. Don't you think? I'm going to go out and get some French. So I really shouldn't be in that. Oh, you know, something that guy that called yesterday, remember from the vet his dog was barking. I kind of mock his. I thought it was Frank because I was either that of the dog. Go make it a run. But that guy had a good point about the red grapes, right? Because after I spoke to him, I mean, after the show, obviously. In fact, I might just go out for the store now. Get some more right now. Okay, later on in the day, I went to my little supermarket and I got me some nice, they're from Peru. I believe red grapes, see this. Worst of them off had him last night as opposed to like a real dinner. I just had some grapes. And of course, you can't eat like a pound of more two pounds. That's a problem with grapes. Right. There's certain kinds of fruit that you can eat way, way too much, you know? Uh-huh. Now I'm not talking about that kind of fruit. Well, you can do that too. But I'm serious. You can eat too much of it. Then it's really bad for your blood sugar rushing. But red grapes in my blood sugar was great this morning. I think it was like 84. Huh? I didn't know when to prepare half a pill last night because my sugar was, I don't know, 80 or someone I went to bed. And that guy I think they have a point. Now don't get carried away on your diabetic's out there. People trying to lose weight, but I think there's something in them red grapes. No, I'm not impressed. I've heard similar stories before, but it's one of those, you know. And don't you remember, of course, every couple of months, they've got the new cure, do you sure, you know, if you eat this and about the red wine, but they're always saying that it's good for your heart. And I think it's also not the sweet wines, not like Manishavits and those other Jew wines. I'm not talking about those. But I'm talking about dry red wines, right? And that's the weapon, guys. So keep up the good work, Pali. And thanks for the suggestion yesterday. I never would've even thought about that with the red grapes. Here I was being skeptical with his call. Cause he didn't seem to know what Lily was talking about. You know, forgotten diabetic. He didn't seem to know the old ins and outs too well. Of course, he's probably older if his dog is eating the grapes. That's probably why he took the dog. Huh? Oh, no, maybe the label called it. Good for you, but know something about that fruit. If he too much. Oh, make a sh**. No question about it endlessly. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. I do want to get to that horse meat story here pretty soon, no one from Texas. Horse meat. Perth. If you'd have that on the menu for yesterday, WQAM. Good morning. Yes, sir. Is this Jim? No, unfortunately. Oh, damn. That's okay. No, this is hard. Sorry. I like to split my vote, please. Okay. Half of votes for. Volmus go. Yeah. Half of votes for. Get rid of George. They're running one and two. So I guess you did a pretty good job. I, you know, I had to call you because I couldn't give half of vote on the website. So I actually had to call you. But, you know, I don't know how about if we dump Mo and put George on his back like I like it a path poose. But that's fine by me because, you know, I'm on certain days. I just don't know who annoys me more, you know. Really? Yeah, and if they're both on, I, you know what I'm asking this since we're doing a scientific survey here on behalf of the company. Okay. What is it about each one and there noise you? What is it about Mo that bothers you? The hairpiece is the arrogance, the, uh, how everybody? Yeah. You know what it's the arrogance that it's about Mo. Okay. That's basically what it boils down to. You know, how would George? How would be, you know, what annoys you about George is a long time ago, you had to carry me used to use all the time, pseudo intellectual. And I think the textbook definition of a suit. I think if you look it up in the dictionary, George is pictures, right now. I think that's, you know, if you look up arrogant in the dictionary, you find Mo's hair piece next to it. Okay. Well, I found this, I don't get my fingers on it. But, you know, I look up old, uh, fat, fat in the dictionary, my pictures next to that. So we've all got our place in life, you know. Exactly. You know, nobody's perfect. But, uh, you know. I don't know. I always said I was the most perfect fat old, fat, you'll find. Well, we all have a cross as to bear. You know, I just, I'm certain. When it comes out, bear it. On certain days, you know, and if they're, if they're, if they're stacked day, where George follows Mo, you know, I, you know, I, I, I, I look for a bit of a double whammy. That's a double whammy and stuff. That's called on from a, on top of the stage. Uh, on that note, I think I'm done. Okay. Thank you. Excellent call. Now, see, there was a textbook example of a great call. Yep. I mean, he ripped you an ass, but he ripped Mo and gave us all a chance to rip ourselves, which I like. Nothing like the, uh, grim, ripper. So the bottom line is defoing coming back. That's for God, damn, sure. And the, the, the polyman over all of our, I'll tell you one thing. I, I know that we don't, Mo is always talking about the negativity and the station about the hostility and the backstabbing. I think we would all agree. That's one area we'd find unanimous. Just like the fact that we all hate Mo. So even more so than that, we'd all lay in a doorway to block the polyman from coming back on here. At least Monday through Friday. Weekend that trade out shit. I don't care what they, what I said. I just had a dump by so well, that's what it is. It's right out. She said I said, I just got through saying it. I can't believe I said the S word right there. Well, it is. Yeah, well, I must be making a comeback. Okay. Wow. Okay, it is. Yeah, the trade out Schmidt. That's what I said. Well, not, I'm sure that's what I said. I leave the M out. I don't care who they put on that crap. You get the message, Mo, if you idiot, God. What are you all gooseed up about, huh? I've done that before. Four times. That's, it was only the S word. And we're out. Get to the good one. Since I've been here. What programming changes does WQM need to make to improve big time. We're asking them on the O'Rangeers.com. 236 votes already. Holy crap. Holy. Whatever I just said. Dumped Mo, New Morning Show 89. Keep George off the year 60. You're going to move around there. Move Neil back to 10 to 235, which they talk of a game about that. They're not going to do nothing because they just, they're sitting there to like the impotent. We got two important leaders in there. We always have to go back to Greg and Greg says this. And Greg says that. And Greg says that. And Greg says we're going to nice suit and Greg is constipated. Greg can't make a decision. You know, move Neil back to 10 to 235 votes. No more Marlon's game 16. Don't change a thing. It's fine. 13. 5.4% of the audience six hour station is fine. It's a okay. That's not too strong. Not too strong. Lots more Joe Zagaki. Nine. Bring back the crow five. Neil should be tarmac George step in five. Dump the night dog forward. Dump the hump. Dump the hump. He's got only a period. You don't got a hump or. I go on. Great. See, that was a lot of people out there. He didn't like boys. New wrong. Hank, they love you. Mad dog at one today. You got the hump or in the studio at three. 60 Marlon's on direct. That'll be the beginning of a massive turnout. Oh, we got games seven. We got three games seven in the NHL. You got the blues and Vancouver to conucks. You got the vile and the avalanche. And of course, the Leafs and a flyer. Oh, in Philadelphia. In Philadelphia, horrible city with horrible fans. Brewers at the Marlon's at seven. Any camp to the baseball game from GA and Joe Mark overnight. With a lot of pornographic crap. 1013 at five, 60. When did them off ever tell you that? Gildi was making me come over with a figry. He looked under the contract. He's still looking up. How many times have you heard about an opportunity? And you just sat there like you were frozen. Like you were in suspended animation like Larry King. And you just didn't act soon enough. Didn't grab it. Well, right now is one of those times. You should do something. Interest rates have gone down even lower than we were telling you before. The financial group was offered. Uninterest rate of 3.45% was pretty good. Then they lowered it to 2.95% which was even more sensational now. Rates have gone down even lower. 2.45% financing with financial group. Let me say it again. 2.45%. Call financial group. 1.894. Orlando said all about it. How long were these low interest rates? Last two to how low is probably not very long. So here's your window of opportunity. Winning for you to reach right through it and hop through it. Do it right now with financial group. You can do an incredible low rate of just 2.45%. And save yourself a Schmidt load of money with the M. Call financial group. 1.894. Orlando. What will 2.45% financing do to those monthly payments? Here's some examples. If you have a $200,000 loan, you pay only $700,86 a 100,000 loan. Only 3.993 bucks a month. Do it now. Call financial group. It'll be one of the smartest calls you ever make. Call 1.894. Orlando. 1.894.OLE and V. There were an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions apply. Rates have to exchange without notice 5.34 APR. 5. My. And low. This is for 205. 60. 2. 2. It's big. In my early town. At 5.6. Oh. W.Q.A. Micky Mouse. Mr. Mouse. No. It's my galizer. Oh, nice. I can do it. I'm going to answer my phone. Sorry, boss. It's not the other. Founding a husband. What do you want? It's it's Michael Isner sir. It's not Johnny. I'm going to make Michael Isner. The touch president. Oh boy. I'm a good morning sir. I'm going to start with you, pal. Sir? I was looking at the waiting for this nightmare. You had a skull and through. I'm a polarity. Get me out of here. What a smashing successor. What? It was in the toilet. It was unbelievable. It's your breakdown. The demigrant. You know what I say? I'm just happy. It's over. Sir, I believe the second go around will be much better. The second go round. You must be on crack. We're not doing that thing again. What do you want to bring that back? Because the first time around. You barely missed toppling the entire network. Well, sir, it's already done. Well, you mean it's already done. Nobody ever told me it was already done. Hang on. We must. I'm on the wall with. We must. What the hell are you doing? I'm trying to some kind to it, pal. So it's quietly remo- That's not quiet enough. We must. A blue bird stinks like a lion pet. Oh. Sir, our base weeps will be amazing. I'm a celebrity. Get me out of here too. Instead of 15 nights, 40 straight nights. It's already night. So Bob, I'm a celebrity. Get me out of here. You're killing me. And the celebrities 10 times better. Oh, my God. We got. Hold on. We must. We must. It's devil. Take the harmonical. Why does up your back end? Walk it up. Ruff it. Woo. All right. We've got Bernie Capelle. Who? Bernie Capelle. The doctor from the lab boat. Bob, I haven't say it. He hasn't once since he did the stop snoring spray commercial. We've got a real hotty. Adrian Barbot. Oh, my God. She's terrible. And someone I know you love. Billy Bush. Oh, I'm in it. Is that the president's annoying nephew? That's the one. Oh, I haven't say. You can't put him on there. And. Oh, I'm. Prima. Prima. I can't hear you, Bob. I'm going to come on the phone. Get in here, Bob. Stop drooling. What are you making? Making a new cadenza, Bob. What's wrong with my old cadenza? You should like him, shot. My shellac, I'm shot. The red shellac, I'm shot. Oh, you're. Oh, I don't care who you have on the black mayor. Or we only have to make her use her, sir. We got got, thank you, Rob. And letter, Nemoy. Even Remus doesn't remember the letter. Nemoy. You're a new boss. Remus, I wasn't addressing you. Sorry, Bob. He was found out this. Oh, my God. I'm surrounded by idiots. Hey, Remus. I thought I told you to put that harmonica off your butt. Sorry, I got it. Oh, so far to the office, Remus. Oh, my God. I can't. 1021 and 560. Those are better every time you hear them. Yep. How much shorter commercial breaks is this one on Hanks and Mad Dog shows 15 minutes stretches. It's a, you know, I have 15 minutes breaks. Doing? It's just you handle it so much better. The show keeps on moving. There's makes me change the channel or turn up. Well, that's right. I do handle it so much better because I may pro-fresh it. Look it up in the book. Because I know how to paste my stuff. Plus we, of course, have it in my contract. If we hand it like 600 minutes as spots, I guess my contracts better than there. I got that. I'm better, but it's just a contracts better. What am I going to sustain is diabetics? What was that supposed to be? It's supposed to make you feel better, I guess. I see. Well, let's get my blood sugar away. How about a feed to pay for the fish is printed on? Who, who sent me this facts? It's sucky. You handle it so much better. Man, she has been well. I tell myself off. But I do. You're right. Jack Benny. I didn't know that. Of course he's dead. How he buries that, but did you know that? I had no idea. She's got a type one. Which is the one we have to take insulin. George would probably volunteer to give her a shot. Okay. Wilford Brimley. Oh, remember her, and... Huh? He was that way. Wilford Brimley? Am I confusing him with somebody else? I'm pretty sure he's one host. Okay. And he's also diabetic. Delta Burke? Well, that makes sense. James Cagney? Roy Calhoun? Nell Carter? Well, help. Did she die? I think so. I thought I heard something about that. Nell Cagney? She was enormous. Yeah. Phoebe Cates. Oh, the bird would be so excited to hear about that. Rest in peace. Jackie Gleason. Jackie Gleason was diabetic. Can't imagine why. Like a lot of us other fat folks and Sydney Green Street. Way, way before our time. So there's a short list of famous diabetic people. I have no idea why that's interesting. I thought it was pretty boring myself. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Getting a spectacular response on this because this is the meat and potatoes of the audience. The sad part of it is that Jim hasn't called in yet. That's the press. Bad angle, but check manic was busy trying to put his glove back on. So missed it. One nothing to run a flyers evening. Okay. Calm down, Colleen. Go back to your curling. Okay, Colleen. Get out of here. What programming changed is QMD to make to improve big times our pull question today. And like I said, it's obviously one of the most or here comes the wild. I think Minnesota to a three to win. So that series is also going to game seven. Nice gone boys. Jacques Lamar when at Voring Style and his been nice. Jafford expansion team. Dump mode, new morning, show 110. Keep George off the year 83. That's the race right there. You and him on my two two good buddies. Yeah, race and back and forth. I can just see the two of you chase these other up and on the hallway. Move meal back to 10 to 242 pretty good number there. 42 votes, muffin, clearest 42 move them and back to 10 to two. Give me my show back. Give us back the hours. Okay. Give us back those numbers. Why couldn't they stick? I don't want to go into it. There's a minute and different ways to slice this cat. But they just refused to do it. And you want to know why? Because they want to continue siphoning off our night to 10 hours. Which isn't that great in the first place to try to goose up the lane numbers. They have it in the morning. Now come this Friday. You marked my words. Market down right now. I said this today. Okay. Come. I won't be disfried because we won't get the hour by hour until one day next week. You know, Maddie Bell till he gets his head out of the toilet. Till he gets his head out of the grigs. But once Maddie comes in here with those hour by hour stuff next week on Tuesday or whatever day it's going to be. We get them. Then we'll see what the lay of the land is. And then they will fear you. Because at that point is when we lay down and say, hey, cut the crap. Okay. Cut the crap. Move the aback to 10 to 240 two people. That's 13% of the audience want them to get 10 to two back. And I also didn't even vote for that, but I would. No more Marlon's games 28. We didn't even put that on or until a lay the addition. Thanks to whoever. To pack that in whatever they did. Bring back the crow. 16. How do you like that? Some other words they hate the Marlon games, but they find the crow very entertaining in his own bizarre way. Good thing they never smell them. I never know the guy in my life would took a bath in cashmere bouquet in a talking pot or before it's long after crow. You can smell him a mile away. Don't change a thing. It's fine. 13. 4.1% of the audience. Oh, that's really puny. That is a huge red number. 4.1% of the audience. It's fine. Lots more Joseph Aki. That's got to be a crankboat because it's still stuck on. Yeah. Neil should retire the George dip in seven. That's a six end up in Mad Dog four. So they're doing very well. Unlike you, and you're a good friend in the morning. Let me see Jim calling you. Like on a bat line or anything Carlos. Right. What are you? What are you churping about? What are they hate? You started to do like a brunt thing now. Yeah. Like where we came. All they're the Micah. Oh, no. No, no. I'm trying to mic off. But church was so much. Well, that was a funny line. He's not going to call. that. I'll bet your Carlos' life on it. Obviously, this is, yeah, but not necessarily to this show. That's somebody named Jim will call this show today. I can't guarantee it would be Jim. It might not be Jim Lens. It might be Mike Lance, but that's close. We only can hope not. It won't be, if it is, it's a very short call. Go away, Mike. Go away. Every talk show host in the world hates you like poison. Don't take it personal. Just go away. How many fingers am I holding up? 1026 at 560 WQ. I'm let me tell you about my ball spot. I got a big one. It's about the only thing he says. My pupic, I'm my body that's so big. And I don't really care. See, at my age, what happens is it makes a lot of guys out there, especially younger guys, which is almost all of you. You really do want to look better and younger. How do you do that? You get your hair back. So many, it's amazing to me. And this is one of the biggest industries, one of the biggest rip-offs in the world now. Everybody's peddling all kinds of hair. They got the holes in the head. They got the pills you take. They got the mouthy-looking pieces. They got ridiculous looking animals that crawl around on your head. Everything out of the sun except Charles Alfie, he's got the only good system. So even if you're a multi-millionaire, that's why those rich guys go to Charlie. No matter how much cash you got, you can't buy a better looking more natural system. Then Charlie Alfie, he's natural hairline system. The key is it looks like the hairs grow out of your scalp like real hair, as opposed to a musk rat rambal on your forehead. And of course, you have nothing to lose with the bald spot because Charlie gives everybody a sturdy day guarantee. If after 30 days you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, if you're not getting at least 15, 20, 30 times a day, return it for a full refund. And be sure, mention my name when you call because it needs an extra 200 bucks off the regular price. The Charles Alfie are a natural hairline system. It is the best. Look a lot better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again. Come today, tool free, 1-800-3212413. 1-800-3212413 or log out of their world famous website Charles Alfie or e.com. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lot of good news. The company has a lots of good news. And the business management crisis has to be upgraded to the market to do all of this. animal talents include Free film No, no, no, Taliya. Taliya. Let me talk to the devil. Please, hold. Mommy. Mommy. Mommy. Mommy. Mommy. What is it? You got the phone. Oh. Oh. Oh. Tommy, Matolia. Speaking, this is Michael Jackson. You lost your job. You lost your job. Oh, man. Hey, I didn't want my job. I stepped down. Or sure. You're however you want to paint the picture. Whatever you have to tell yourself in order to save some sort of face you do it. But you will lost your job. You know, actually it's kind of nice to hear your voice. What? It's kind of nice to hear anybody's voice. What are you talking about? Neckle's got a hand. Yeah. Can you hear that? That's my Mexican wife. Let me tell you. It was a cue for maybe five, ten minutes a day. But if I got to stay home on her every day, I'm going to go crazy. You're getting your justice, search. Tommy, Matolia, that devil. All we do is eat Mexican food. Chimmi, chongas, burritos, toastitos. I got more gas and eggs on. And you deserve to have the bloat. Listen, Michael. I'll reserve for somewhere. I'll start another label. Sure you will. So you can destroy the career of other budding artists. Are we going to, Chevy? Yes, honey. We're going to Chevy. Thank you very much. All right. Oh, cheese. If it's not chevys, it's che cheese. If it's not che cheese, it's a... What's that driving place? I don't know what you're talking about. I called to be way too. And all I'm getting is dribbler and chimmi chenga. Mmm. Mmm. And minute, I was the reason you were forced to be fired. Right, I know. Because I'm very, very, very devilish. I want to live in a mess. See, I want to live in a mess. Yeah, living in America. All right. Hey, look, Mikey. I got to go. Okay. I got to take over the Taco Bell. Chevy. Okay. Chevy, do you want to come with us? No, I don't want to be seen with you. You are the devil. So at this point, I am finding myself having some sympathy for you. Mmm. Oh, no. All right. All right. All right. I got to go to MITC. Let me tell you something. If I were to fart right now, after neighborhood would go up. What the fuck? What the fuck? So I'm asking one thing. What was Robert Reiko thinking about? I was a slap shot in that penalty shot last night. 1049, 11 before 11 at 560 WQA. And a state where horses have long been revered for their service on cattle drives and in combat. The Texas legislature is about to consider where they also should fill another role. Food for the dinner table. You've told you for that expression. Are you going to be a good person? Yeah. How about eating? For years, two companies in North Texas have produced horse meat for human consumption and shifted to foreign countries. Only last year today learned it was illegal. Thanks to an opinion by the then attorney general John Cornin. The opinion sought by animal rights activists that it's a crime to sell or possess horse meat within intent to use it for human consumption. The companies, Dallas crowned packaging of coffin and belt types corporate foreworth, are the only two firms in the country that still process horse meat for foreign tables. Now they're fighting on two fronts to stay in Venice. They've got a court to try to overturn the attorney general's ruling and have asked the legislature to change the law. Stay representative Betty Brown Republican of Tarraula Sponsoring House Bill 1324, which would allow them to stay open. It would make what they do illegal because they don't sell food products for human consumption in the US. So David Royals. He doesn't grill it. He brawl it. It's a attorney for the horse slaughter companies. I don't see. I mean, I'm a horse lover. They're dumb animals, but I love the track. But I mean, if they eat dogs in some places, you know, if they cat fried pussy. And what's the big deal with the horses? Is horse meat like poison? Obviously not. I heard the French are big into it. Now, are you going to start with that again? I'm going to go out and get a double order of friends toast today. With strawberries and powdered sugar on it. And poison very syrup. Not just maple syrup, but honor of AntioMama's diabetes. Boison very syrup. You know, the one neat thing, and I can't say too much about them. They all die hot. Yeah. Which of course, they'll be down in the sponsor on the station. So we won't say too much. Although it will be true. But the old I have. And I don't know about it because I've been in their years. But the one good thing there, you go in for breakfast and there will be like six different tubs of syrup. Different flavors. Different flavors. Boison very in the cherry and maple. Well, whatever. Really nifty neat in the, you know, and of course the food itself probably wouldn't like wait. So you just drown it in that syrup. And we, you know, we almost like you said before like sucking the syrup right out of the container. Oh, man. When it out suck it out. That was AntioMama's, of course, look what happened to her. Here's a facts from Fiddler and Mudgate. We got so many chronic facts. You know, I don't know what that means, you know? It's almost getting like the number of colors on a Mosho and by the way, that I would, I'm going to make a challenge. Not to this my business. They can talk to whatever jackass they want to. I want to challenge them to go through one show tomorrow on a Mosho. And of course, I only hear a small part of it without one calling him from Little Havana. Wouldn't that be great? I bet you're Robert be happy about that. You know, Robert that was eating at the rest of the house with the beast. By the way, Carlos, did the beast ever call in and I that? Yes, it is. What did he say? Oh, did he call into the night that specific incident? Nobody called in today to ask if you were being serious. Did he hasn't been eating a lot? He ate with Robert Greeper at the Rascal House. He was picking out at the Hurricane Baseball game. Hey, guess what, beast you out? I've already told Trustradvert. Cut him off. Because he's embarrassing us. He's he's he's a fine sponsor of ours. There are a lot of people who are really great on it. We've helped him lose 62 pounds. And by now we should have lost over 100. And I'm the last person. The last one ever said point to figure out, say, why do you cheat? Because I know all about dieting and nobody's to try it hard and I have. Well, more times than I have anyway. So I know that you occasionally cheat. You have maybe a tub of nestle's turtlescope. Whatever, just to tidy over until the next sugar fit. But I mean, to be going out in public like that and eating at the Rascal House with a bunch of old yentas. What is wrong with you, man? Are you some kind of a moron? I think that I think the mole mice who had you pegged right man. You're a legend in your own mind. The beast. You know, I heard some of those clips from the, Does he actually do the UN baseball play by play? They share. Oh, no, you have to be joking me. No. Because I heard the clip that Greeper was playing over and over this morning. I mean, that made the Gackies work on it on the football. Sounds sensational by comparison. Oh, my. Oh, my. And Zagaki screaming and puking on a football was some of the most embarrassing stuff in history of the human race. I mean, you can't complain about his broadcast and because generally speaking, I'm those games he doesn't do any. Oh, sorry, Hank. I don't want to pick on Hank's buddy. Because I like to go personally, but his work on here is it's an aboshen. If the right wingers ever get a hold of that and find out what he's doing on here, they'll probably put him into whose go. It's an aboshen. No matter which semester you pick it in. Oh, my. Oh, my. Screaming and puking and yelling out of control and you're like an overgrown child. But, but I'll say it again. Come cut he sounds like mel Allen compared to the beast. Okay. Does that give you any idea what I'm talking about? Even you know. You don't know mel Allen. No. Come on. I never you never heard of mel Allen. I've heard the name. I don't know what you know. He was one of the great broadcasters of all at least baseball anyway. Okay. Here's Phil and mugge in chronic. I purchased Michael more stupid white men and it's excellent. You're right. I was watching Dennis Miller doing stand up on HBO last night. I never knew he was such a right wing. Did oh, hey, yes he is. Just as Tom Jika who's afraid to piss off the didohads because he don't want to criticize him too much. Says hey, Dennis, you're marginally funny and best in your politics suck. Right on Phil. So the beast you're out. You're off of the food. Okay. It's like wasting it. You know. It would be like giving it back to fat boy. You're not getting an either fat boy. Don't even think about calling into he calling. He's not going to be in the end. Not yet. But it'd be second. No, no chance. No. The answer is no. No. No. You got a fat brock. No. You're not getting nothing. I mean, if the audience could just see him, I think I just see this guy in his walker. Verily able to survive. Verily able to breathe. Every breath could be last one. Read in the push. And only have to imagine any kind of food. Yeah. Nobody wants to hear about it anymore. Right. I'm going to talk about eating a dead horse. In fact, I wouldn't surprise me to have a number to get that horse meat. There's lunch for a fat boy and the beast. There you go. A max maiden heaven. So what? You called Carlos. I figured, pardon. You have to. You called. And said what? But why? Because you're a fat, hopeless, tuba crap. That's why. You're a fat, tuba, scoped of what I said on the ear before. Without the end. That's right. And we're sick and tired of your crap. You're not. We already. If we hadn't tried it once before, I'd say, okay, I'm maybe maybe this might work for him. Your hopeless man, you want to die. And because you want to die so bad, we're going to do everything in our power to help you out. Just like he was trying to do to me. Remember when I was there? Yeah. He had food coming in from restaurants that he even opened up yet. That day from curkeys, which we love curkeys, and they were appreciate them. We're going to food it. But then we had a double dose of curkeys. Because I wanted it. That was just before I had my stroke, right? And then after I had the stroke, and he still got like two, remember that they had two different places showing up with food? Sure. After you were screaming at him, don't ever do this again. Not only are you a food pusher down your throat, but you're pushing on everybody else, and we can't stand you. And by the way, I'm loving my great new bit here. You lion, sack, a crap. Everything that your extra neighbor Dave says about you is right times a thousand. Okay, fat boy, aka, jf. Man. He's one of those people who is a, you can put up with small doses of it for a while. And then you finally reach the saturation point and just, and at it, it's over the fat limit. 1057 and 560WQ. I'm speaking that, what a segue. Oh, that's right. That's not good. Thank God, we're not doing it right now. We're supposed to be in 560. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Or David's a bitch. You asshole? It's like, hark and show time. Wait, look, then you will just have hark for hark. They also have pressure and bloating. That's gas. Oh, no. Holy crap, exactly. Sorry, guys. They need more than just hark for an relief. They need paila snarfs. Yeah, they want snacks in a mob. That's hark for an relief. What's wrong, gas really? Hey, last night. Cause it treat diarrhea. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. All right. I don't know why the man does come along. I want to climb this head. I want to climb this head. I know a lot of clunk to say, I know a lot of pressure. Cause he's going to cut everybody off and I'll hark beat. Okay. So whatever you have to say, save quick. And I agree with him on that. You know, I mean, when it's obvious that somebody has nothing to say, that's the time to move on. Don't we all agree on that? Yeah. Yeah. I'll over have it heard from Jim from plantation here today. Maybe that's Jim on six. It's the only one ringing right now. WCOM. Hello? Yes, sir. Is this Jim? Hello? Yes, sir. No. This is lost from the mobile. I want to talk to you. No chance. How do you like that? You're not, now you understand. You people out there that think I get carried away talking about cronics? Now you understand? These are people more, I know I've said this before, but not for a long time. I don't want to rehash it. But back in the days when WGBS was doing talk, I was on INZ at night at that time on a formerly great station. WINZ, WNWS, WGBS, and WI would be also was doing talk. I think King was still at that time. Or whoever. So you had four stations doing talk. Yeah. And you would just come down and just take him deep breath because I get so agitated about this. And you would have this little coder read this little club of chronic callers who would call around from one show to the other one. And then they'd finish talking like David Gold on WGBS. And then they would call me and rip him and ask. And then like two colors later somebody said, you realize that that guy just called David Gold five minutes ago was ripping you. And it was like a cluster of flock. He's what it was. Huh? That was with an L. Don't get nervous and I'm a little control. That's what it was like. And the more things change, the more they stay the same. Wand from a little of an. Don't you understand the audience hates you. Maybe you're not a bad guy. Maybe you actually need some day actually had something to say or might so. But nobody wants to hear the same people every day. We could rent a room real cheap with the holiday in. And Mo and guilty could sit in there with a would start a ring Steve and with one from a little Havana and with the Venice the professional Catholic. And with the other half dozen, there are ten people they speak to almost every day. And that would be it. Wouldn't have to waste all the juice from the station. In fact, they probably in that little room and how they probably put his whole audience in there. Nobody want you're killing the man. Okay, and they don't have the cohones. They don't have the courage because when I was down there, most of the time I walked by at the other extension phone at Corona extension that sits in the bullpen. It was dead on a door nail. No calls. No calls. So that's the easy way out there. It reminds me of those old days that I would be with Joy Reynolds. Remember that on a weekend? How could I forget? I have call for $100. So what did he want to do with? He became the maggot magnet and the guy with the eyes. And then of course, Gilbert and all the misfits that nobody else would talk to. Even Rick Riley wouldn't talk to. They all gravitated to him because he put him on here and then there was the Billy. You know, he was doing his imitation to guy in the clockwork and whatever that was. Cool who's next? Right. You know the one I'm talking about. Billy, but the did it. Yeah, whatever the hell this guy's name was with a phony or stutter. I'm and that's what it was. If you wanted to hear the same half dozen misfits week after week on a weekend, we had to write on the Joey show and a Boschian. Here is a says as a former program to a suggested the morning show. There should be two chairs. One with only most hair paste the other with Gellies teeth and two microphones. As a former program director, I'm actually this is from Duff. Because now he's ops manager. He's not programmed or to be. So I have that would be him right. In fact, look at this. Oh, no. You know who this is from. You know, you're letting stuff slip by. Sorry. I didn't look. You see what's from? Let me dig it out. Isn't that Jeff Heiss for my neighbor? I think it might be. Yeah. And you also you also sent me one from Tim Pots. Tim Pots. So George is on the such tremendous pressure from the beat. He's taken on a poll today that he's the Christ just. Crouch out. Yeah. Collapsing. Under this under the strain, he's straining it. Oh, look at a nice new piece of copy or two. And that sales department's doing it, baby. But I got news for it. We took a look the other day. I changed my mind. Todd Recky's annoying because he won't service as a counts. But we almost never see him. But fat boy, he's always there in his face. In everybody's face. Hi, I'm Pally. You want some. You want some food today. How about the corkeys today. How about some. And of course, our at least corkeys is good stuff. Yeah. Let's talk and think about some of the stuff that he's brought in that even even the people that he'd the horse meat would turn out. No, no, no, no, no. Really don't want to think about it. Yeah. It's too close to lunchtime to resurrect memories of that crap. Oh, my god. Anyway, here's what to pull. I don't know why I'm so worked up today. Is this special reason? Maybe you're just feeling good. Yes, I think we're trying to move a little bit better. It's taking me a long time to recover from this little problem, you know. For me, no, that food when I was down there. And you're part of the problem, by the way, fat boy. That's why he you like poison. You're part of the problem. I'll take 90% of the responsibility about giving about eight and a half percent of the other. You and other people are always leaving food around for me, like, you know, if the cheese with the in the trap. Just like if you want to, if you want to argue on to you, if you want Christina Agalera to come to your house, just leave a little trap with cheese at your front door should be there in a half an hour. Although I do like that song, beautiful. That's a great song. I'm going to create video. You know, it's pretty faggy. That's why you like it now. You're right. No, actually there's nobody looks good in it. It's just, it's interesting. It's different. You know, that it is. What programming changes can, I came and read this thing. Does WQM need to make to, I can't read it anymore. You know. Yeah. I thought my glasses on. I could read it. Oh, the print on there is so goddamn smaller. You know, it's how he keeps making a print smaller and smaller. So I can be like vision challenged. What programming changes WQM need to make to improve big time. We asked, you know, work on the size of that print, Eric. It's too small. Dump, mole, new morning show 145. Look at the way Georgia's catching them all. I'm so proud of you, man. Keep Georgia off the year 136. He has closed the gap and I was training by only. Yeah, and the latest kind of when a votes come in from the outlying areas. Just like Truman, be do we. Move meal back to 10 to 66. 66 muff and clearance you idiots. Okay, you're simply empowering cowards. 66 muff. They show back where belongs. And the two so we can do the one to two hour. Right, right. In fact, I missed those great one to two. Our rejoins like don't you just hate people that you snappy. All banners for their show segments like that one to two. Wow. Yeah, we hit him, Andy. Oh, I missed those days, man. And then a hump are used to be on. We got to just find it a different place to stick. Man, it's like on the morning show. I still say Joe Rosen, guilty six to eight. Joe Rose, guilty in the mad dog eight to ten. They still got his two hours. We go back to 10 to two. Hank comes back to the six, which that three to seven to kill him. Right. And then we got room for the crow in here for baseball season. So I was a lot of problems. Makes a lot of sense to me. That really question is, well, the mad dog get up that early in the morning. Of course, what do we do with the old man? Maybe he was a seed baby Ruth again. Dumped mo. No morning show 147 keep your job that you're 137 move. Move knee up back to what 10 to 67. No more marlins games, 44. A very, very strong bad showing for the marlins considering was the late edition. Bring back the crow 24. You know, even when at Kashmir, Mochair Roma and all of his goofy saying, That's where he's he's a long problem. We still love the crow. He's a good guy. Got a huge ego and we really want to be manager of the team. Don't change a thing. It's fine. 17. That's out of three and a half percent. Realize that that's almost the statistically insignificant. Yeah. Go change a thing. It's fine. And you know that of those 17 votes. Let's see. Greg voted one of those. Very jackass a couple of times. Uh, who else? The smell. That. Mo. The son of nobody in the sales staff. They can't stand it. Neocity retired like George step in 11. Now we're talking. Lots more Joseph. Gackie 11. Dumped the hump or 10. And dump the mad dog only six. As the mad dog continues to be hysterically popular. That's why going back to Ted's facts before the mad dog should be on it morning show. And put this one back where it belongs. That's the cat's meal. This isn't leaders that saw them alive. Sot of Hussein is alive and on the move inside Iraq and Iraqi opposition leader said. Ahmed Chilabi and Iraqi and I'd like to say that. Ahmed Chilabi and Iraqi national congress leader now embanked that. Told the BBC his group is tracking the post leader Iraqi leader and at least one of his sons. We are aware of his movements between 12 and 24 hours after he's been there. We told the BBC. In fact, why don't we turn on the BBC just for a second and two year to see what they're saying about it? The whole of the United Nations in Iraq in this post conflict era and talking about a return or a mouseable return of weapons and spectres is an opening gambit if you like in that direction as stars away of thinking about getting the foot back in the door. Okay. They're so boring, you know. Sotams were about some condition have been in question since the war began with an air strike on a bunker where he was thought to be sleeping. Was that supposed to be is that on a bunker or a bunk bed? Well, look at it. It says B1K ID. I'm sure it's bunker but it looks like a bunk bed where he was thought to be sleeping. Another attempt was made to come April 7th. But failed. We just can't seem to get to big guy. We got the the ace of spades and we got the six o'clock's and the eight of diamonds and the Queen of Hearts and all the other crap. I mean, we're reducing it to a bunch of playing cards. People are dying. People are been tortured. They still don't have the electric back on a huge parts of the city. It's still like slump and desperately trying to get a little water. You can only imagine what it smells like there. And we're worried about a deck of playing cards. And then we got Rumsfeld saying, oh, North Korea needs a regime change. And you got Woolsy saying, well, Syria is run by a bunch of fascists and they need to regime change. You're dealing with a bunch of crazy people in a media here. What are they talking about about Scott and Lacey Peterson? Because that's, you know, everybody's burned out on the other crap. Scott and I'll say it again. They could have Scott and Lacey Peterson on TV. 27 hours a day and I still will not watch it. And I don't care about it. I for the life of me can't understand why we're supposed to care. I did understand with Shandra, okay? Because Gary kind of was a hypocritical democratic member, Congress was pointing the finger at Bubba for blow jobs. And the meantime was a wild sexual deviate who was involved in maybe even murder we don't know. Right? So we understand it was a reason for that. Even though they milked it way too much, but then it's the hysterical story, do you sure that the media has to have since O Day started that? I was called O Day, you know, or you're the innovator. But this one, I still, and you said it's because she was pregnant? Yeah. I'm just speculating what makes her different than any other missing person. She was pregnant. I don't understand. So as the end of these kind of stories, you know, for whatever reason, the media hopped on that man. And, of course, during one of my channel surfing in between Pyrrids of the hockey last night, there's the King Meister on there. Once again, he's gotten anti-grace back and he's got to go out with a mustache. He's got his panel, his panel again. And they're talking this crap. And I'm thinking about my guy. We got the, the hit-honshow is the Hops and the administration talking about invading Syria and Iraq and the Iran and North Korea. I'm talking about some of which that was murdered. I mean, some of a nice lady that was murdered with her fetus. Of course, they have to make a big stimulus about that because now the right to life is our step in and I want to think about the fetus, you know. Oh, the fetus is a real hit. You've got to make a whole big stimulus about that. The right to life is I noticed have been very silent about all the little children that were killed and maimed in Iraq. Yeah. I just mentioned that in passing. So the good news is, then Samuel says they still have those great flavors yummy at the, I hop. All those serfs. Good. And I great. She said, Miss Grides likes to us. Spritz him on her gowns. That's what she said. She likes to spritch him. So if you smash that blue gun, remember Monica's blue dress with that evil telltale sting. Anyway, I, I, email back and I said, I'm going to put some on my French toast today just in honor of these, the whole thing. I'm going to study, not kind of French food, just to show my anger. And I, I, I, the test of the French law before we came fashion shirt. I, I knew that they were a bunch of pigs. And then it got calls up yesterday. How are you doing up there in Frogtown? There's no frogs. Maybe there's two or three laying around. Maybe they'll get SARS. We hope not. But, uh, this is Toronto. This ain't Montreal. This ain't Quebec. They had no clue. They didn't even know where to find Canada on the map. They think that like Ontario is an appendage of Niagara Falls or something. They just don't get it. They don't know. I mean, you know, people have been around like you guys. Another story. Like Carlos. Boy, if they saw Carlos at the board, do you think there's any chance they'd let him across? No, no chance. Then he voiced your time. 1114 at 560 QMS. Speaking of balance for life, I'm not mentioning any names. Okay, just do people out there. Take your yourselves. If you're fat, if you tried all the other fat diets, if you had just a bit of failure. Like so many of the rest of us, don't give up. You owe it to yourself to at least try balance for life. It's a piece of cake without the cake without all the carbs and the calories. They figured all out for you. Based on the zone diet, which is very complicated, but like I said, they do the figuring. All you have to do is pick between two choices for each meal every day that's run a program. They send you a little menu each week. You pick what you want for five meals every day. Two, three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks. And they deliver the food right to your door to your house to your work wherever you are in your little blanks. You're a fan. Welcome back to the highly rated at Mohaw and a David at the show. Holding for my own navigation. Okay, stop it. Where are we? We're doing this. Oh, you were going that for me. Oh, yeah, sorry, Moh. That's better. Oh, wrong day. Oh, I didn't see you could see that. Okay. Oh, wrong day. Now you. Cut. I'm running. Run day. Let's be. Not that's it. Not on my watch you. Okay. A run day. Hey. He's a prettiest. Wow. What's with that kung fu grip? Sorry, Moh. And we've got one of our three very important coolers on the line here. WKWM, what do you want? WKWM, what do you want? WKWM, what do you want? I just want you to remind me. Can I spit it out? What should I do? I'm wrong. Get up and say that got them thing you say. What do you do? I'm playing with my very coconut. Oh, it's not. Oh, that's quite understandable. Why are you sometimes? Oh, yeah. Yeah, until the. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I've got to be told. Almost there. Sing or I think. All right, hey. All right, hey. All right, hey. Hey. Hey, hey. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. Let's come on. Oh, oh. Look at that. Look at it all over my way. Yeah. 11. 20 and 5. 60. Nobody can help me. Tuesday. What do you like it or not? Now it's pacer. How many days does pass over run? You're asking me. You're supposed to know these things. We got that Duke calendar in the other room somewhere. I don't like old fashioned Christmasers. 12 days of 25. No, no, no. That's a hot year thinking about. Hanika. I don't know. I think it's older. WCU. I am. Hey, deal. Yes, sir. If you ask something before you start talking about the cater since you're going to check yourself. You're left this flavor. You're so boring, man. You're so terminally boring. 5.670560. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. You're going to get a lot of things. Jim? Yes. Not Jim in plantation. No. But you've got them today. We're calling Jim. That's a good start. What's up Jim? I think Neil, I'm done. Oh. He wouldn't even tell us his take on anything. It was just a guy named Jim. Well, like I said, a good start. It's not Jim. Let's from plantation to work with that very, very famous letter in a Harold sports section on Sunday. But at least it's another Jim. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We'll find that guy if it's the last thing we do. If we have to put P. Linney on here and do the voice. Because he wrote it. Him and me, full and the polyman. Oh, God. How would you like to be a flying a wall in David Busters or somewhere with those guys that sit and run? Haven't a few pops, huh? Seriously. You know what I'm talking about? Can you even begin to imagine heavy duty in smaller over town? W2QIM? I jack, I would. W2QIM? Yeah, you know, can you tell me, will we ever have America back? And I mean, Lancet also mean liberals because I'm really tired of the conservative swing. No. We never, we'll ever get it back. Remember all I bullcraft about there was going to be. They were putting together this liberal talk radio network and they were going to counteract the Russian all these regulators. You heard anything about that lately? I heard that it was dead in the water. Yeah. That just liberal radio wouldn't do it. And they're probably right because liberals we don't want to be told the thing where it's because they're, you know, it's common to think. Liberals are busy sleeping just like the Democratic Party man. I hate to break the news to you. But it's, you know, it's like if you just lay down on living room floor and you went into a coma and everybody came and emptied out all your possessions and you woke up the next day in a house was empty. And you said, what the hell happened here? That's what's going on in this country. Everybody else has been sleeping while these people feverously have been ceiling all the goods. Is there a way to what? Just get the good back. I mean, it's not the hatred act in this. It's just calling protesters on American. I mean, I, I have shocking. I'll see at the border. Okay. I'll help you over the piece bridge. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Of course you could always say, well, we could make sure next year in 2004 election that we have beat the bush monster. That is if there is an election. Let's take a look at that stock market today. Shall we take just a quick peek at it and see how it's doing? Oh, look at that. Everything's coming up roses. That was up 20. That's up 5.5. Everything's looking really rosy in it. Yeah, sure. Not. Dollars in the crapper. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. Or any professional IDM. WQAM. Hello. Jack Burrie. Can you believe it? WQAM on the line. That's always the same guy, not even there. Didn't even hang on his time. Good. Good step at our direction, Pally. 560, just a frenzy of his theory. Just don't know where. You know what I said? Just out of nowhere. Just not yesterday decided this was the time. Have we had a woman on the phone today? No. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. No. How can you charge? Not going to be charging his fears and go with two counts of capital murder. Isn't it more than legal in California? It depends on what the trimester the baby was in. What was it was? Two. Let me ask you this question. Why do you care about that story? I just found it interesting to say what is apparently the. The one right. The right. The right. The life is one who has spoiled the dead feeders. Don't you understand? I want to read this. But what I'm just trying to figure out is if. I'm going to have a choice. But if you have. If you have a law that says. Is that it's not a life. How can you charge a guy with murder? Okay. Okay. I just answered your question. It depends on what trimester how about far along she was. Well, baby. And that's what the law says. The third trimester is. It is. It's her boat and man. Very good. Okay. Thank you. You ask him. We tell. 670560 pound five 60 on the AT and T line 1126 of QAM. If you're buried in a crappy job if you're working for peanuts like Carlos. Here's the answer. It didn't help him out. But that's because he didn't get the right training to get. Pushed in the right direction. He made a bad mistake. Got into radio. Not a good idea. If you want to new high-paying computer job and a fast growing computer industry. Get yourself the training you need from our friends at fast train. We're just one simple call. Get you on the road to doing it. And in just four short months, you can have a great new career in a big. Fat worthwhile paycheck. Call 1-86-Fast train. You'll be making enough to get yourself out of that underpass and over the underpass. They offer convenient day evening and weekend classes for it fast train. Check them out of the web if you like it fast train.com. Get yourself out of a dead end job and make it a good income. Call fast train today and like I always tell you they got locations all over town. To make it even easier for it is about to be a location nearby where you live. Fast train's got locations in Miami and Kendall Pembroke Pines and for Lauderdale. So like I tell you it is about to be one close by you. And don't forget to register at fast train.com. To get to your free American flag bumper sticker. Pick up the phone. Be sure to tell me that Todd Dreck. The useless Todd Dreck tourney to call fast train toll free. 1-86-Fast train. Why in local? We're sports radio 5-60-U.A.M. That is plate those retreat. This is a 5-60-U.A.M. Higher alarm. Please take the building in an orderly fashion. There is no need to panic. Everything is fine. Self-destruct sequence and gate. T-mine is 10 minutes at counting. 10. 5. 3. Woo! I gotta get out of here, Kelly. Hey, I'll come here with me to work. As I gotta use the stairs just to put more on. You're done fast and you. You're just looking fat tired. Oh hi, how are you? I'm fine, I'm fine. You're just looking fat tired. That's right, Rook and all. I don't think I can. How do I wait, Fatso? All right. I'll have to go. I'll just do it at a time. Oh, you're good. No. How do I have? I have. I will. I will. My wheelchair. I can't go. Some thought you helped me. I was getting fat. How about you, Patty? Who wanted to get me a seat? Oh, sorry. You're going to get a place. Sorry, I'm sorry. I'm going to die. You don't need to die. My goodness. I'm not sure. Is there a fort with the round? No, no. I'm not going to get a place. Hey, maybe I can hang your pants. You're my, you're my. I'm not gonna get a place. You're not gonna get a place. I'm not gonna get a place. I'm not gonna get a place. I'm not gonna get a place. Hey, ah, five! Nice knowing a high boy! Just three of the girls in your kid put your arms around the memory. I can't even put my arms around you! Faa! You're too old, old. I think I feel like we're in this poor place. We're beside an adventure. We've seen a couple of cups that was even stuck. We've shared it like this in our day. But he gave me an elbow at this. Ah, yeah. He made it. All the way down the stairs. I have your attention. Please, this was a false alarm. I've been a real fire. But just be honest. Good thing, high boy. I'm a next self-interail gay party. Everyone, back to your arm. Everyone, back to your arm. F**k you, pal. That's him. That's our very own fat boy. All right, you got to do his mention of word food. I want it. I want it. You weren't getting it. Okay. 1132 at 5.60, WQA M560, 0.5060, POM560 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. Remember that great salad he brought in from that place? An interesting part of it is that a lot of these places he would discover would be out of business within six weeks. I know. And we're at like a was only yesterday. In fact, I think some is still coming out. WQA M? Yes, Jim Lance, please. Ehh. Do you realize how many boring people there are in South Florida? Yeah. I'm not just talking about off. By me, just boring. Terminal. It's not the ambiance. It's not the environment. It's not the climate. It's not the natural stuff. The beach descent. It's the people that make South Florida what it is. Boring. Crap. WQA M. So? Yes, sir. Yes? Me, O, O. O, O. Has anyone said that yet? WQA M. Hello? Yes, sir. Yes, it is. Yes, it is. Hello? I'm here. That's your bookie under the line. Hello, let me ask you. I want to talk to you about the old J. We are already so have you heard about that? Yeah, we talked about it yesterday. It's a disgrace. Anybody in the country, somebody in the country doesn't have to go to the families? Really? No, that's why he moved to Florida because they came to harness his wages in Florida. Wow. They haven't gotten one cent. That's incredible. Uh-huh. That's incredible. Well, that's a story, man. Anybody scumbags that would put him on the air? What does that tell you about them? Incredible, man. Like I said, it is. Oh, good evening, Blake. Have you done? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Moe? The morning show. Don't mow 163 votes. Keep your job there. 145. I think he's open up some space on you. David, I'm not saying you're safe. What programming changes QA? I need to make, uh, what does this say? Need to make to make. I can't even read this. What programming changes are you? I need to make to him. I see. It's poorly worded. That's my fault. Cause I word it. But I think the print needs to be a little bit smaller. To improve big time. Not mo, no morning show. 163. Keep your job there. 145. Move Neil back to 10 and 288. No more Marlon's games. 53. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Get rid of that crap, okay. Bring back the crow. 27. Don't change the thing. It's fine. 24. Up to an impressive 4.4%. Cool, but it was. I mean, when it's down there in the threes, that's pretty lame. Neil should be returned to a George step in 14. 2.5%. I'm ready. What do you laugh at about? Lots more Joe's a gacky 13. Dump the Humper 10 and dump the mad dog 6. Where did that last one come from? What? Short or commercial breaks on Mohanken mad dog show. Why is that on there? We had a shorter commercial breaks. I heard you want to, when you said it. I read it off of facts. Did I say, let's put it on the pole. I thought you had my mistake. Oh my god, I'm saying, you know what? We got a battle going on between Bina Boy and Eric. We have our own war going on. Put everything else mixed with pale and wince significance. Call up Rumsfeld. See what we can do about it. Time to drop the bomb. Like, mode did. Boy, you can't get anything past you. I was just reading the facts. Short or commercial breaks. And I said, do they want to have 50 minute breaks on those shows? Is what I said. Yeah. That's okay. Get it off of their Eric. I'm a tiny attention to what a little Quizling tells you. Okay. He's full of it. How that he's on direct deposit. He thinks he's safe. WCWIM. Hello? Yes sir. Meow. Yes? Am I caught him in the help? Sounds like the old a me? Oh, are you going to help the boy? Hello? Good morning sir. Speak to me. I must go to George White to the cheap court. Uh huh. Great. Uh huh. Another one of your people by the way. Yeah. When you're crowed, 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Can't imagine why they didn't get on the Earser. Try it again. Not. WCWIM. That line nine guy. He's just he ran under patients. WCWIM. Yeah. You think I did blows people up from the... Ah huh. WCWIM. Oh, before we got there. WCWIM. WCWIM. We got hookah. Okay, let's take a break. Hi, and I'm not taking any more calls today. This is the crowd. Oh, you got to bring the calls back near you. You know what? Oh, seven months of bedtime. I'm sorry. This is the worst... This... since 11 o'clock. The worst 37 minutes in the history of broadcasting. Okay. No question. Beyond the shadow of a dog. WCWIM. Hi. Tie. This is Jim. Yeah. What happened to your voice, Jim? And I'm a woman. And I'm boring. Um... Neil, I... I know you told me to call you back, but I sat here all day. Friday waiting for just one person in the audience to call about to... Booseborns. About what? The Booseborns. Oh, the Booseborns. No, nobody called. They just call and make gutterable sounds. They don't want to talk to me. They want to say anything. They have nothing to say. They just want to call and make goofy sounds. I know. Like the Booseborns. What do you think they were really saying when they were like... Beeping, beeping. I have to spell it out for you. Do you think they were... No, but I mean, on the set. Do you think they were really... That's exactly what they were saying. Of course they were. They weren't like censoring themselves. They left the editors put that in. And there are people out of the... They must have been so funny. They must have the tape it over and over. Well, what do you mean that must have been funny. How about just doing the ordinary page and show every day has got to be a panic? Well, you know what I mean? How do they keep a straight face for more than five seconds, especially with Charlie on there and his other crack going on? I know now it's like a special. But you know what my favorite line was. And we didn't see today when Eve finally waddles into the club. And what's your name there? What is your name, the daughter? Uh, which one, Teresa? Um... None of the daughter. Well, whatever her name is, she's singing in the chat. Oh, we can't. Oh, we can't. Oh, we can't. She's singing up a storm. And there's doing this sitting there getting all emotional and Rebecca wants it or what? He's getting all emotional about. And then Eve comes running at the end of the day. Yeah, you love it. It's great. Yeah, but I loved it when they threw Eve out and her face on right in the snowbank. Yeah. But you have to admit, one of the great lines was when Hank, when Louise and he could barely get the words out when he goes, I'm already taken. But you're not dating anybody. Yeah. And then Hank says, I'm sure there's a big, there's a big egg and that's to me in the future, but it ain't going to be me. Mm-hmm. That was cute. Okay, listen. Sorry that you see when I were watching it. There's plenty of people watching. Just not in this crowd. They have nothing to do. They are capable of doing it. Don't you understand? They can't discuss. They can't discuss. But you don't have any women-clank colors. Why is that? Well, because they're not as immature. Have a great day. You too. They're not as childish. They're not as much into the ball games. You see with too many ball games in the first year, 20 till noon at 5, 60, every QA. I'm how many times you're at about an opportunity and you didn't act. You didn't reach out and grab it. And you just missed out. Like was passing you by. Alright, now's one of those times don't let this pass you by. Interest rates have gone down even lower than ever. The financial group was offering interest rate of 3.45 percent. Then they lowered it to 2.95 percent now. Rates have gone down even lower. 2.45 percent financing with financial group you heard right. 2.45 percent. Confinantial group tool free at 1-8940 Lend. How long will these low interest rates last? Probably not very long, so it's a win of opportunity. And if you're smart, you'll hop right through it. With the financial group and give yourself an incredibly low rate of just 2.45 percent and save yourself a crapload of cash. Confinantial group tool free at 1-8940 Lend. And what will 2.45 percent financing do those monthly payments? A $200,000 loan cost only $70,000. A $100,000 loan rate $393 a month. Do it now, Confinantial group. 1-8940 Lend. That's 1-8940 Lend equal housing lender. Queter restrictions apply rates of due to change without notice 5.34 APR. 5. And low call. This is 4.4560. 2. 2. 8. Phase it alone because you might get an email from one saying you'll say, When you're loving to get a mouthful or French toast and then French kiss mad Damon, I sure would. You're following that? Get a mouthful. Hey Matt, you're gay. I mean Matt Damon, maybe. Oh. And Matt. What's your name? Dylan. Don't hold it, Roger. I know I'm a poster of this sport. Still lying to me. Better rule. It's no matter you bet. I'm fattening you don't forget. I still got a way. Getting chicks wet, slum-pour. That you're dead. So, there's no sleep on my eyes. Well, I said I had no. Was it ever me too? I could kill this. She's past middle-class stage. Still what does this backstage show? They can finish my behind. Raccoon. I just have to laugh. When the ESCIP they can do. Me, ESC. Old times and old vests. I still find my old tracks. And why I still do these concerts for you. I'd be on the street without you. But, for you, five years, Blake, he's been on class. It's interesting to see the supposed and hate that you get on some of these Polesco's that other one. You came in second to very man-low on a one-person. You really enjoy, but would never listen to or enjoy. Yeah. How do you like that? Well, not fashionable. So, they're all over the place with you. They'd a lot of them enjoy it, but they went to house. Alan says one of our regular faxes. The faxes and other reason to despise the flyers, that they only team in any child of where those mandated US flags and a helmets. But what is it? What passes for reasoning under our white wing regime? They must be the only team in any child that supports their troops. Nine weeks to Vancouver, Countries, is Alan. Good luck. You have a good trip, eh? We're a mask. Henry says, there's a problem with your pool. I voted for shortening the commercial breaks. It doesn't drop on a total. That's because we took it off of their air. Henry was never supposed to be on the first place. It says, fire Carlos. Okay. Now, sir, sir was never supposed to be on their. Carlos is starting to get jumping out of anybody whispers as a gestion. He sticks it on there. Don't keep sticking it on there, okay? Can't help it. Like, too much sticking man. Put sticking it. God. God. God, a flyer's suck in her fans. Make me sick to my stomach, okay? And, you know, a good chance to win tonight. It's infillion. And, leaves, uh, of course, both teams had a play just in what happened. 800 periods so far, Jordan. Yeah. Yeah. But we'll see. We'll see what that'll happen. I'm not only going to be rooting for my leaf tonight as usual, but I mean, even extra big time. I have to take about 20 extra blood pressure pills just out of spite for that asshole that called yesterday. And the rest of the obnoxious flyer fans, which you know, the scene never called back and said, well, nice game. We'll see what happens tonight. Not even anything. Not even a pretence of being a human being. National, miserable, a hostile. Root, crude. I think, you know, something I think New York is a bad rap. I think New York, the, the, the sewage from New York City has gone down stream and wound up in fillings, what I think. How do you like that? Okay. And then, of course, whatever sewage went beyond that, it came all the way to the South Florida. But, if you notice that, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, for example in New England, there's a lot of really great people in Boston, but the people from New England in South Florida, which there were very few of, but they tend to be really crusty hostile. They're not like, not all of them, but just most of them. What's just like the New York thing you're talking about? And that's what I was going to get to. I mean, in city, attending in people, there's a rather, a lot of really great educated people in New York, but generally speaking, they're not the ones that came to South Florida. Right. The ones that came to South Florida, these stereotypical ones, the ones that you just every time you hear one of those voices called on this station, you want to just take your radio and smash it to smithereens. And then, of course, this Philadelphia. Garbage from pillar to post. That's really man garbage. A sea of swivel. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I guess they just ran a gamut today. They went out of material, 11 o'clock. Okay. They should advise me ahead of time. I mean, even she even our lady caller with a passion stuff, which quite frankly, the audience don't want to hear that, but even she starts out with a, as it's Jim or whatever, stop trying to be funny. You're not funny. You don't you understand it? You're not funny, most of you. Okay? Just calling me civilized. Is that possible? Just have a conversation. Travelling that friend of stick, like Carlos, they're he's tried to stick it. And every one of them now, they want to do stick. You know what I'm talking about? No, what are you talking about? I don't know. What programming changes this QM need to make to improve big time. We asked on your Rogers.com. 579 votes. Dump mode. Give him no morning show 175. Keep George off the year 146. He's pulling away from you like you put it reverse. I can't move me. Move me back to 10 to 2 98 17% want this show back. 10 to 2. As muff or parents come into tell us what they were putting the show back. 10. No. Asoles. No more marlin games. 57. Or that's right. It's payday week Friday. Like I said, Ed Duff and asshole. Terence is okay. Bring back the crow 30. Don't change the thing it's fine. 27 4.6%. That's lame. Mm-hmm. awful. The ocean we tarlight George step in 16. That's moving up. Lots more Joseph Gackie 13. Dump the hump. Dump the hump or 11 and dump the mad dog only six. They love that mad dog. You know, right. God. In spite of his sports proclivities and spite of the fact that you don't let people ramble on for hours at a time on the phone. Over here's a picture of somebody washing your hands on TV. Don't you think we need to have some of those? Show us how to wash our hands right. That's good. Over, under, over, under. No, you're talking about wiping now. We know how you want to go into it. Maybe I see now this is a little delicate, especially close to lunchtime. Yeah. But you know, there are various ways to figure out if you wiped through really improperly correct. There is one I would not recommend. How about a QA? Hello. Yes. I want to speak to Neil, please. Yes. Hi. How are you today? I'm pretty excited sitting here by an hour ago. Did it? Was that a good result? Yes, sir. You took that call call, huh? What what call was that? The call I just made now. Yeah. Yes. By the way, Neil, and I'm not playing games with you because I don't know. Sounds like you were. Sounds like right from the beginning of sound like your playing games. No, I'm not. I'll send this to the victim. And I do live in plantation, ACR. No, it's not. This is not. Okay. Yes, it is. Well, what did you say? You took that phone call. What does that mean? Well, when I call, you see somebody else answers. Now, we're doing it. We do screenless lately. It adds a lot more spice to the show. You know, I mean Jim, we want to spice it up a little bit. It was supposed to somebody other boring shows. Well, I had a call from Mark and he told me that you wanted me to call in. And Mark, I'm who's Mark. I'm friend of mine and he, I guess he looks into the show every day. And in other words, you don't listen to the show every day, Jim. Not every day. For why not? Well, I have to work for a living. Now, you really wrote this letter. The editor that I wrote in the sports section on Sunday. Yeah, I did. And you didn't get any help from Jeff DeForrest or Pete Lenny or anybody where I would call the Paulie man? Believe me. Paulie man and Deepie, I would not go to any help for anything. I don't have any respect for either one of those two. But what did you write here about the Paulie man should be brought in on a morning show? Well, do you listen to mode, don't you? Yeah, this isn't Jim Lens. No. Yes, it is. No, it's not. I'm going to talk to you off the air. I'll give you my home phone number, the whole nine yards of his Jim Lens. No, we're need to come up with all these deepo whizms like fading like a cheap Plamer gulstine park. We're going to come from. Well, I need to see deepo at gulstine. I used to see him a call for all the time. Yeah, we need to talk. And if you have such little regard from them, why do you think you ought to be on a mandate show? Because I think it would be a nice fit in there in the morning. Moe brings nothing to the table. Please, deepo does have a following. Now, his call, Nessel, is that the polyman? Yes, it is. The Mawajie, if you have no regard for a Mawajie to suggest he brought in as a third person to live it up the morning show and say that he's clever, good and very funny. I don't think this is Jim Lens. Well, I'll tell you why I think that. Yeah, that's because he works good with deepo. And I think he would be a nice person. First of all, what do you mean? He works good with deepo. He just got through saying that deepo should be on with man. It's mandatory in a morning show. No, man, it's just on the one to three show. No, no kidding. Yeah. Keep going. Keep going Jim. No, it's not. One of our regular chronic color. Oh, God, Teddy, I'm going to put you on hold. Okay. There's some Jim and give an additional wish. What's there if this is a make-up? Give the, let's see what number he's calling from. Okay, I'll tell you what. We'll call you back. Okay, that's fine. Okay. Take line one near Carlos and find out what number he's at and see if it matches the two numbers we got. Because how did anybody call and refute everything? Yeah, that he rewrote me in the letter. What does that tell you about it? Okay, exactly what I said. Like that. Just like that. He has no regard for either one of them, but they both ought to be back on the year. And why should the polyman be on a morning show? Because he works well with deepo. But deepo should be on with man. This person, you know, you talking to him Carlos? He's talking to him. I'll tell you one thing, whoever this is, we should make a big personality of them. That guy sounds like one of our chronic. Let me. Wow, they all sound, you know. They're all, they're right. They're all starting to sound the same as basically this hour. But I think we may have hit the jackpot. Do you think so? Oh, no. He didn't even know what their law was in the article. What does Carlos doing? Is he taking a shoe size and social security number? What are you doing? They're the most fabulous. He's doing all I can. Can family, peanut, boy? We want you to find out if this is the real. Will the real gym lens please stand up? Come on. That's what I'm trying to do. Well, and how you doing? Are you going to call him back? I call him back. I got phone number. And he says he's calling from his office. Get out of here. He's calling from his office. OK. He's calling from his office. And when what did they say when you called back? Well, I wasn't yet because that's what you said. You didn't want me to come to Beverly with him. Shall I come to Beverly? File the FN number. I'm going to say the word. Dial the goddamn number. So like a machine. What happens when they answer? See who it is. OK. See what they say. Good. There we go. There's the on hold music for you. You talk about a man. This kid can make everything in the biggest God damn production. We don't want you to confabulate. Just call back and get the guy back on a year. OK, Carlos. What do I tell you about him? He thinks that now that he's on the direct deposit, he's got to make me shave. He's in for the duration. Why is he calling him online? No, anyway. What not? I don't know. And they're going to. Huh? Which other lunch will I call him? Are you and dial the number yet? Would you like? Would you like to get us some assistance for you to come in there and dial the freaking seven digits? OK. Maybe I'll take a plane and I'll come back up there. Or do I have a hell of it? And I'll dial the guy damn number. How's he stay up there? Your stars and fest it. Oh, God. I'm star. I'm starzy that I go through this experience. I'll tell you that. Real starzy. How long can this take? Talk about a project, man. Well, if he's in some kind of an orphan, it's how to help it and not the nobody pick up, huh? He's talking to something. Yeah, OK. Here we go. He's talking to somebody. There's a voice on the other end of the line. It's lips. I see his lips moving his writing. Yeah. Like something's happening. Yeah. OK. OK. Yeah. He's hanging up. Wait. Put him on hold. OK. What happened? He picked up marketing gym lengths. I mean, I could do that. Yeah. Why did you make this call? Who is this? Hello. Hello. Who is this? Who is this? It really is. This is gym life? No thought. Yes, it is. OK, let me ask you this. What did you say in the article about Hank Goldberg? What did you say about him? Oh, about him being boring? Yeah. Well, I like him. That's the thing. But he can be very boring. And let me ask you this. What makes you think if this is video which I doubt, but what makes you think that you know anything about talk radio or about radio in general? Are you like a radio person? No, but I've listened to the last 25 years. And I like to think that I have. So the right. In other words, you're a chronic radio groupie is what it is. You're not in the radio business. You don't really know anything about it. You're just a chronic listener. Well, I'm a listener. I'm not chronic. I listen probably an hour and a half to two hours a day. If that's chronic, I don't know. And I listen to a ball game one. Oh. Oh, OK. Well, I think that's interesting. OK. Well, Jim, thanks very much for making a call. OK, you're welcome. See you. That one, him. 157 at 5. 16, W2QA and four years have been telling about a really fine product. I'm taking it myself. It's called Olio Med. Olio Med softs. Just contain the finest olive oil and money combined. Not just your ordinary pedestrian olive oil. It is super concentrated loaded with all kinds of good stuff for your health benefits. Olio Med every day can up-produce your risk of heart disease and high cholesterol. Plus, now there are 14 different Olio Med formulas for you to choose from. Each one combining pharmaceutical rate olive oil with vitamins and minerals, herbal to support specific health needs from your bones, your blood pressure, your immune system. Just pick out the formulas that are right for you. And now, three new Olio Med formulas want to help you sleep. What can help you control your weight and co-cute 10? You'll find Olio Med all over time because more and more people are discovering what a great product of this. Pick them up to the public's, Eckridge's Walgreens Whole Food Markets, Navarro's or Arizona's or order it online if you'd like it. Olio Med America.com. If you want more information called toll-free, 1-866 Olio Med. That's 1-866-653633 for better health start popping some Olio Med in your post right away. And more, this is 4-3-05-60. This is Dick Chany. I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdalene massage my balls while listening to the New Riders 12-1 hour movie. Hey. We have all this not the kind of that we'd like to see. We have any balls with us, rep reasons our team and we want our name up of the side. Yes, it is in bed, rain, night and flow we want to verify. The dolphins have no ball. That's for hope, the board finds that we've got balls. Don't rush out on us. Don't know what's out of five and throw a ball. He's out. Many, many life with her, he came back. We'll now be checking inside their pants. Do I have two? Or am I fool? Take down that coin. So why it ain't? Don't think don't have any ball. That's why they slap each other's teeth. Rectom. So ball's on our team and I too. Marketing, this is Jim. I'm sorry. 12-3-05-60, did you ever come out? Do you believe that was really him? No. Could've been. It was a crazy. How's that? That means it could've been. Don't say that. That's a very, very bad thing to say. I don't think you said that. Did you? Not case. Oh. He's just making a worse and worse. He's in town with his opinions. I mean, totally countered a threat that was him, which we hope for his sake. We hope that it wasn't really you, whoever that was. He has no regret, but see, there were a couple of tip-offs in that call. First, he's noist, Paulie, and he's seen Defa with the track a few times. A track guy. Okay? And he's been listening for 25 years. Any list is the ball games once in a while. Like Marlon games, maybe. Does that tell you everything you need to know? Chronic. Chronic alert going out. Chronic. Whatever that wasn't him. And if it was, like I said, we're very sorry. Chicks takes go and quick despite Bush controversy. Nashville. Despite some backlash at Radio and Retail for negative comments about President Bush, the Dixie chips are flying high in preparation for the upcoming Arena Tour, according to Rob Light. The axe agent. To be brutally honest, there's been no effect other than the odd phone call to a building and querying about a refund. There's a lot more noise than action says Light, head of the music division that creative artist agency. Actually, the buildings are getting more asking if their refunds can they buy the tickets like says there are no refunds. He says that a 59 shows only 6 have left, have seats left, and those are all 85 to 90 percent sold out and expected to go clean. You're going to go clean. Ready for that? Okay. I don't know what that means. Joan Osborn supports on the first leg of their tour, Michelle Branch on the second to tour his work with several promoters, and kicks off made one of the Bilo, Center in Green, Phil Sapk Carolina. How do you like that? The chicks march one national on sale, move 867,000 tickets worth 49 million dollars at the box office during one weekend. Boy, better take up a collection for them, huh? Yeah. Just like Michael Morris has, he's really really taken a beaten since that, Oscar's thing, not, not sales of his book to Skyrocketed. Back to number one on the New York Times bestseller list. Here's the fact, this is cute from a chronic handwriting. You notice how the fact, I think there are like five factors and three phone colors, and they're all the same. And two of the colors are two of the five factors. It says you want to improve your station over. Bring back Rocco, a Purgola Bend over, sincerely Andrew Asson Woods, which of course, you know, speaks for yourself. Yeah. Let's speak to Andrew Asson Woods. There's an interesting story about him that Norm Kent wants to hold me. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. How many? Five, six, six. I'm a big of a person. Nothing. Pound five, six, six, the only 18, 10 of rise in the wireless line. WDQA, Anna. See, you're tempted, just like to hang on a weight much longer than usual? Do you make it up your mouth? WDQA, Anna. QA, yeah sir. Good afternoon. How do you know what? I'm doing okay. How do you expect people to have any brains out there? Number one, they moved down here. Number two, it's just look at the environment around them and look at the newspapers that they have to read. Oh, come on. If you think you're going to get your mentality from reading a newspaper, I mean, you can get information from it, but there's also the internet and there's like a whole bunch of other stuff and reading books, things like that, which are illegal in South Florida, but never to less. But then you have people that listen to the station, and yes, but they happen to stay on a little little listen to managed. And this old gentleman calls up about a specific book. And ManDish and whoever the kid is who does his boards, but him was talking about how everything is in the town by somebody has a tension span at 30 seconds. Yeah. And that's what happened about him. Nobody does have an attention span. What is it like? And he's running around. Why is it only down there? It's America for it. Not just down here. America's spoon fed. That's why, like I said before, Lacey and Scott Peterson were supposed to be all worked in a well-edited. I couldn't give a flying crap less about that story. I mean, it's unfortunate, but why should I care about it? But they got to keep up the smoke and mirrors so that people don't think. If you take a look around you, what's being cut like you said is the doubling down of America. They're cutting back everything in other states. By the way, how about a number of firms? This had a close six schools. There you go. You get people that are having the schools closed down around them. Nobody's going to think. They have no brains to begin with. And then they can't educate with little things they haven't saw at any way. Yeah, and then they move to Florida right. Well, what can I say? Neil, I just hope it's a good crossing because the border is so I can get over real soon. OK, I'll meet you there soon. 560, 550, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I'll see you at Buffalo with the Peace Bridge, eh? WQAN? Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. I wanted to speak to you about subject that really been bothering me. I don't call you so much. I've listened. I'm a listener. Yeah. For a long time, 20 years. I'll be damned. And I just, you know, you're, you're seeing on the war. I think you're looking at it the wrong way. I don't agree with you at all. Well, sir, I hate to break the news to you, but the war is as far as the fighting part of it is all over with. So it's kind of like the horses already out of the barn. Uh, there's going to be another war, Neil. Don't you, it's going to keep on going. Yeah. Yeah. You're going to keep on going. But you keep on getting on this station and pumping us all these lies that the media calls you up and tells you. Stop doing it. We're sticking fine with it. Don't you want to hear anything more? Lies that the media calls me up and tells me like what? Yeah, they can tell you. Don't do it. I'm the truth. Who is who is day? Who is the media that's controlling us? You can't find the CNN. No, no. Sir, I don't watch CNN. I don't watch CNN. I'm telling you the opposite of what CNN tells you. And what are you screaming about by the way? What are you screaming about? Are you pumping all these lies off? So such as what? Give me one, give me one lie. Well, the other day, you said that, uh, the guy that was giving the misinformation from Iraq. What's his name? Do you know the guy you may not talk about? Tell him a truth for the last meal. Great thing. Uh. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. See we got SARS here and down here. It's a scary. That's the amazing part. We've got scars. We've got SARS. You've got scars. And I got battle scars just from the phone in my ear. It's kind of the good thing we don't actually pick up a physical phone. Can you imagine? Oh, God. Used to the olden days. We did. All the producer had to. Well, that's right. I forgot about the olden. I forgot about the olden. I forgot about the olden. I forgot about the olden. I forgot about the olden. I forgot about the olden. I forgot about the olden. I forgot. Big colleague, flower ear. Right. WDQAM. Hey, how's it hanging? Got. Okay, sir. Hey, I got a ball for you. Who's the hottest news person that you've seen to cover in the war, Malian female? Boring. Very boring. 560560. Haven't seen any hot people covering the war. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WQAM. You've got a lot of news. You've got a lot of news. It's not real, don't you? I was thinking about the economy. I'm the chronic who caused you yesterday. I'd be in the most so-and-the-hat to begin in your show. And when you come back again, and didn't even call me yesterday. You called about six times yesterday. Yeah, because it kept hanging over with. Why don't you get the message here? Why don't you understand? Why did you call his show yesterday? And then you followed as soon as I came on here. And you called immediately again. The audience is wanting to hear the audience can talk to you. The audience can hear you at home. Why are you becoming chronic? Is it some kind of like a bug in the ear? Not a chronic. I'm trying to become a blockhead. You're what? I'm trying to become a blockhead, sir. And I'm being so-so part of becoming a broadcast. You've become a chronic collar on top shows. Not a chronic collar. It's about hearing your voice in your ear and making edits to the pitch and sound of your voice. I think I'll be able to get to your level. Good to hear. Okay. You're supposed to be a little bit of a solid. I'm enjoying it now though. I'm getting into it. Sometimes if cases are off guard, you're not prepared for it. Now I'm really getting into the swing of it. Well, this is not the memo when they do that. See, I'm doing it. And later, the use of my finger now, my lip is just flat and by itself. But I'll see for that. Rahaaah. 11 past noon. I'll put that Tommy Matalia bitch right out of business. The thalia. Thalia. Thalia. Thalia. Thalia. Thalia. Thalia. Thalia. Thalia. Thalia. Right. I don't know what is good as a venerable. I'm sorry. He does better. Ha ha ha ha ha. How you homeowner's out there. There's nothing worse than especially on a hot day, which is almost every day in South Florida going out in the vet backyard for nice dip in the pool as well. And you're looking at, you say, oh, forget about that. I wouldn't even put a dead piece in there because it's stained. It's dirty. Maybe it's cracking in the pool as well. Well, just make up your mind that you're not going to have any low ugly pool and call our good friends at Atlantic Marseille. These are just a couple of slippers who drive around in a beat of whole pickup truck with a big net in the back and claim to be pool guys. This is a real construction company. They use full time employees, not some contractors Atlantic Marseille specializes in the most beautiful innovation at the pool business in years, Diamond Bright. Atlantic Marseille's been pouring it on for 12 long, amazing years. They're licensed and ensured professionals who have been trained other companies all over the world, how to do diamond writing right. And they'll give you the same price to give it to the contractors. They service Broward Palm Beach in North Miami too. So, call the Atlantic Marseille. They're the biggest installers at Diamond Bright in the entire town. They'll come right to you in the obligation to be a free estimate and don't forget they also do a super job of pool and deck renovations, custom lighting, pool heating, exotic water features too. For the very best Atlantic Marseille toll free, 1-800-558-8883. That's 1-800-558-8883. Diamond Bright do it right because Diamond Bright be a pool's best friend. 5-800-556. And now here's Timidine, founder of Timidine forksoset with a few words about new Timidine Vagal Sanctions. Hello, I'm Timidine. You know, someone had told me a 25 years ago that I'd be making Vagals out of the sea. Huh? That's due food, isn't it? But times have changed and I guess I've got to change with them. But I don't have to like it. You people want your Vagals, I'll give you your Vagals. With a big ol' Greece's slab of Timidine port sausage, Johnny. New Timidine, non-co-share Vagal Sanctions. If you're Jewish, you can buy him. You just can't eat him. New Timidine Vagal Sanctions. There's a little bit of bigot in everybody. I've heard you can't beat the Timidine's pork. It's 1217 at 5.60WQM. 633Q votes on a poll already, Bina Boy. He's always keeping track of that. He wants to be impressed. He wouldn't like break all these records in everything. And then he'll take credit. See, it's those extra ones I put on the poll. That's what put it over the top. Sure. Don't be putting away for choices on a poll, Mr. Arcade of that right now. What programming changes to WQM need to make to improve big time? Not just some little like, you know, like a major adjustment. Not Mo, New Morning Show 192. They have pulled away from you like you're not even a small potato. Just wait till I get home. Keep George off the 151. There's no way you can catch that. A 41 vote. That's my prediction. No chance. Move Neil back to 10 to 208. No more Marlon's games. 69. Oh, there's something so symbolic in that. Bring back the Crow 30. See how many votes across God? I'm 30, man. Don't change the thing it's fine. 4.5% 29 vote. 4.5% lame. I mean, really, and the Oshudbury Tower of the George Diff in 18. Lots more Joe Zagaki's 17. Dump the hump. Dump the hump or 12. I dumped the mad dog only six. Mad dog, he demand. Can't touch him with a stick. Here's a facts from jury in Vinita Springs who says. The problem at QA. Am I didn't realize we had one, jury? The problem at QA is they want to pass it off as a sports station even though you run in Medean, Joe and Mark two overnights. And jury, you are absolutely correct. Right. I hear this all sports radio crap one more time. I'm going to puke right on Greg Reed's nice book. Brooks Brothers suit. How do you like that? I'm going to mong. I'm going to do a Linda Blair Oliver's post. Oliver's bad haircut. All sports were a sport of it. I like calls for it. You know, back in the beginning was supposed to be sports and entertainment. Wait, you know, that was the talk. You know, it seems strange to me that a macho guy like Miss Tanner came to me. And he had to convince these people that sports talk radio is a Miss Nomer. It's got nothing to do with what this station's all about. It's been never less. It'll ever change. And it'll ever change because I general manager is a sports nerd. That's the problem. That's the chigrin of woodpile is Greg Reed. He's a sports nerd who wants their sports and more sports. In fact, the only thing that's ever been on our show over the year five years. You know what? The only thing he's ever quoted and started doing originally? That's not it. You just played it. Sports? I give up how many votes is the crow. I'm not going to man. He was saying that like relentlessly when I was one year. Oh, yeah, that's all he was saying. He's obsessed with that. Well, that's the only thing I see on the show that he can understand. And so good thing it's not more than 30 because he can't count that high. Why not add one more non-sports show it says here. Oh, no, Jerry. And but he just brings now. I think you've crossed the line, baby. I see Rick and Sudsix to 10. He says near Rogers 10 to two mad dog two to four and hang four to seven. It's really quite simple, but that would cut down a hump or from an hour. And of course, I don't see Mollon as listed all. Listen, the old name on here. Oh, yeah, this is it. It said this would work if QM didn't insist on being a sports station. The only problem I see here is that managed would have to wait one more hour to get to his green lizards. This is just one man's opinion. I voted for no more marlins games. Jerry and Vanita Springs actually job there. Jerry, you're hired. Why not have one more program, director? We've got a bunch of losers already. Why not one more, right? Sure. 5 6 7 0 5 60. One of the most important stories on our website today on nannyarroggies.com, which B&B has worked in frantically a little computer there to get these stories on there for in those cartoons and those grizzly pictures and all the good stuff. Hollywood revives McCarthyists climate by silencing and sacking work critics. I'm an I've been screaming that for months now. Yep. Back to the grotesque ugly anti communist the red baiting days of the late 40s, nearly 50s, the Richard Nixon, Helen Gahigan Douglas, does that? Pink lady? Huh? No one remembers that. That's what he called her. He ran against during for Congress in California. That was his first statewide job or first a federal job. Congressman from California. And he ran against the very respected Democrat named Helen Gahigan Douglas. And of course the implication being because she was a liberal that she was a communist. So he called her the Pink lady. He got he got elected. And then he got a lot of gear from there with Alger. His every everybody was a communist. We were finding communist into every goddamn rock. Thanks to Joe McCarthy and right Colin and all those other lunatics. Hollywood is often depicted in the US media as a hotbed of anti government descent and left wing politics. But that's how it how it feels to Ed Jurin. Mr. Jurin was in Tauhrishly a TV producer with CBS responsible for a four part many series on Hitler's rise to power which will be shown next month. He thought the timing was act and said so in an interview with TV God magazine. It basically boils down to an entire nation gripped by fear who ultimately chose to give up their civil rights and plunged the whole nation into war. He said, I can't think of a better ten to examine this history than now. A mini series on Hitler. That was far too strong for Leslie Moonva as CBS's chief executive who promptly fired him. No reasons were given although politics and astronged is there not to fall followed the Bush administration apparently had plenty to do with it. Another person who doesn't find Hollywood especially in all these days is the comedian Nakhras Jenin, a giraffelow who's outspoken views on Iraq have made her object of a vicious email and telephone campaign that is intimidated ABC and pushing her new sitcom, Slice Alight and the next year's mid-season. Again the network sphere of losing viewers' advertisers seems rather stronger than its desire to defend one of freedom of speech of its stars. The clearly emerging pattern is that entertainment personalities who speak out on touchy political subjects, especially Iraq do so with their own peril. The group in ten on stringing up Mrs. Graffelow citizens against celebrity pundits has campaigned energetically against everyone from Martin Schene, who's anti-war views led to a credit card commercial of his being scrapped. Two Susan Serrand and dropped his a speaker at a Florida branch of the umbrella charity group United Way to Serrand and Susman Tim Robbins, who's invitation to a 15th anniversary screening of the baseball movie Bull Durham at the National Baseball Hall of Fame was withdrawn because the Hall's President of former Reagan administration press secretary felt his very presence might undermine the efforts of American troops in Iraq. Beyond the film world powerful radio station chains, we'd want to mention clear channel with strong political ties to the Bush White House, have been orchestrating boycotts and heat campaigns against civil anti-war protest and performers most notably the Dixie Tixie to Texas Country Trio now throwing further safety not to mention their masses here their public records held not true. After their singer Natalie Main said it to concert in London last month that she was ashamed to heal from the same state as the president. One radio chain cumulus media responded by ranging for a tractor to push Dixie Tixie Tixie these tapes and videos in an episode that carried uncomfortable echoes of his historical bookburnings and other cultural purges to question it and I say push them, question, sorry, push them off the edge. The venom or is that venom? The venom behind these campaigns is disturbing enough but there's a second strand of the story and that is that Hollywood might not be such a liberal place after all as Robin said in the speech to the national press club in Washington last week. I'm sick of hearing about Hollywood being against this war. Hollywood's heavy hitters, the real power brokers and cover the magazine stars have largely been silent on this issue. And it goes on about Michael Moore getting food and Mike Ferrell, one of the matched people, it says the intimidation is experienced by Ed Jurnin, the CBS producer with the Dixie Tixie is certainly having its effect. In his speech to the national press club, Robin said an unnamed famous mid-laid rock and roller who thanked him for speaking out against the war but said he didn't dare do this in himself because of the power of clear channel that nation's largest radio promoter and station owner which is an unabashed pro-abush agenda. They promote our concert appearances, the rocker said, they own most of the stations that prior music I cannot come out against this war which we had that in another story today but it's worth repeating again I think. How do you like that? Here's the anti-Christ, David Ross, all of those go ahead to the anti-Christ. Shame on him, with his grace. So not only have they destroyed radio in terms of variety from listeners, not only have they destroyed it for those of us who work in the industry but now they're destroying the first amendment. What I tell you about them always. And Masikisto. How about a hell like those? Well I say happy Christmas. The count of Amastikisto. So let me tell you about the banana people in Guatemala. The key to banana. In fact it's a damn good thing they got a bunch of them bananas on pastens there so that precious is keep them under pus all the time. From 26 at 560 WQM here's some more great deals for you for my good buddies Tameline and Joe Prado, Halipani, GMC. Listen carefully, put your ear right up to it and the radio too. Neal deal number one. You know maybe one of these days we're going to have something new from our good buddy Bob Eisenberg I doubt it. I just think our sales department's on permanent vacation with the widow out Stevie Etailer came across with that barbecue copy. Oh is that him? Yeah. Oh let's not push him through too much all our ones. By the way, if Tameline is listening, I shouldn't very flatten you down. Anyway, here's some great deal deals going on right now. Neal deal number one. It gets 0% financing for 60 months and every Ponec or GMC in stock. Neal deal number two. Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new GMC in Ponec in stock. Let me say it again in case you missed it the first time. Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new car truck in stock. And Neal deal number three, if you're currently a GMC smart lease or smart buy customer and you drive a Chevy Blazer old Revado or GMC Jimmy by or lease a new Ponec or GMC and get you an extra $1,000 off the price. And while you're at Halipi's sure in stock, I take a test drive of the powerful beautiful Ponec Grand Prix. Halipani, GMC, they've been in business that long because they know how to treat you right and give you unbeatable deals in the same joint at 1.34 a one-saufexie highway. That's US want to cross in the falls 35 years plus open every day seven days a week. For more information you can call the Neal deal hotline and 1 triple eight five three four forty two eleven. That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven and don't forget all the deals are submitted to credit approval. See new to four details. Halipani, GMC, you know what I find out. They be professional grade. They're all in the middle of the school. We are sports renewal five six four two a-a-a-a. It's a big boat. That's the least problem I've ever been to have a system. I want to challenge you to your the day. The U.S.M. said we need you to play. They didn't have an offer that I thought was cool. Just when it put fall it's so get a touch. We got food. We got food. We got food. We got food. We got food. We got food. That's it. We got some benefits for you. Just when the game is all that you got to do. You have all the drugs and women you've ever seen. And party down the street in a little thing. We got food. We got food. We got food. We got food. We got food. We got food. We got food. We got these double ladies. You got this. They gave the school a little slap on the wrist. But that would set it just another day. We gonna keep on doing what we do anyway. We got food. We got food. We got food. Are you? We got food. We got food. We got food. We got food. We got food. We got food. We got food. We got food. We got food. Oh, God, they're here. Those are the radio content for you. The radio content for you. The radio content for you. The radio content for you. The radio content for you. The radio content for you. The radio content for you. The radio content for you. The radio content for you. The radio content for you. The radio content for you. The radio content for you. The radio content for you. The radio content for you. The radio content for you. For 33 at 5.60 WCU. Anyway, don't send me any more Francis please by Mike Oxlong. Okay, chronic. Yeah. See, this is the problem. If you give these people just a little taste just a little bit of notoriety. Or they're just... And they're just, you know what they're doing. Yeah. Nashville songwriter, Felice Brian, co-author of Rocky Top, and bye-bye, loved eyes at 77. Oh, I think I even heard of the guy. And he died before we could define out who he was. He died? Felice Brian. Is he going to, well, Felice never die? Felice Brian, who with her late husband. Oh, it's a she. I would think so. Wouldn't it? Felicity? I don't know. Who with her late husband, wrote by by love and other Everley Brothers hits in with a hand tapping, Bluegrass standard Rocky Top. I have no idea what that song is. Oh, you heard it. She died today. She was 77. Oh, and I'm saying he died. And it's a she. I'm sorry about that. She died? Yes, sorry. Brian, who have been diagnosed with cancer, that her getling burglombs, said Carolyn Davis, And got political licenses an a back to the free union on the Society of  MOOC to apply sex money to Do different slang as CoW. Since shezy near theienda address and the major selection provided by two of the genre of how things become. Say you can give her a call. Nicely, Greg. My name is tailscreen, but approved by Norman Powell, and was like, to. Is rate price dead? I think they're all dead. Any? I don't know. Come on, get with it. How about Vincent Price? He's dead. Yeah. Same difference. Others should be recorded songs by the Brian Seguid Elvis Presley. He's dead. Beatles, uh, some of them are dead. Half Bob Dylan might as well be. Oh, that's bad. I shouldn't amount. Greatful, grateful dead during Garcia. The Beach Boys. Let's see how many dead Venice and Carl. Yeah. Ellie, anybody out? That's dead. I forget. I think that's it. Okay. Tony Bennett. He's hanging on Simon and Garfunkel Ray Charles. Roy Orbison dead. Sarah Vaughan dead. See, not a good idea to be recording songs by these people, but I guess they won't be anymore. A couple of again writing songs together when Boardlow Brian said his wife's poetry to music. The first major success was country board by Little Jimmy Dickens in 1948, who later came out with a thick insider. Rocky top written in 10 minutes in 1968 recorded by the Osborn brothers, is that the Osborns of the Boosborns became a state song in 1988 to joining Tennessee Waltz and others. It's been the fight. Oh, I say the fight song for the University of Tennessee at 11th, 15th since early 70s, whipping football crowds into a frenzy at Nailin Stadium. Never heard of it. You've heard it. Let's see, uh, a low and board low Brad wrote all I have to do is dream the voted to you both recruited by the Aroly Brothers and love herds by word Orbison. Love herds. Back home by word of boy. So there you go. There's some bad news for you. You're dying like flies, man. Here's another fact this morning is a perfect example of why you did you show with no phone calls. Oh, there's no question about that. They didn't like it, though. They didn't like it. They hated it. They hated it. They hated me. They wanted me to like, uh, die a wicked death. Without sucking your ass, it says, honestly, don't know how you do without using major amounts of drugs and alcohol. Well, who said I don't? Huh? I don't. There are people and their organizations like P-NAC out there and administration that is a hunger for world domination that we haven't seen since Hitler. Yeah, that's right. People killing each other for such important issues ranging from the acquisition of latest model of Nike sneakers to the acceleration of a spouse's life insurance benefits and all you get are the purest of assholes calling in spewing very lame and extremely weak one-liners and hopes that they're Schmidt somehow becomes a needle bit and by doing so making their hopeless lives complete. That is, Rob, you put your thumb right on it, sweetheart. After living here for more than 17 years, I'm thinking bagged that isn't so bad at all. My only concern is I'm too late for the free for all withdrawals of the banks. P.S. Check Monica Katsu. What that's okay, maybe you can put that glove on again a couple of times. Drop it on the ice again, the Roman. What do you laugh in about? Even a human. I'll check Monica. He's chuckling again. You know what that car was forced last? For last. Yeah, bird junior. They're carcass cut up. We got bird junior man. 567.0560. Power 560 on the AT&T. I'm going to bring him back and prop them up in a cheer, you know? What programming change does WQN need to make to improve big time? We're asking on the arraggies.com today. At one time during the middle of the break, the total votes on there was 666. I almost ended up at the break. I would have been bad. I almost blurted in the middle of a spot. Oh wait a minute. I would ask you to remain vigilant and to continue to respect public health advice. No, Ernie Eaves. That's the Ontario premiere he's out. Get out get out of here, Ernie. 684. Don't mow. Get in the morning show. 210. Keep George off. You're 161. You're falling down by 49. I'm hoping. Move Neil back to 10 to 216. I'm up. 116. That's 17% want to show back to 10 to 2 where belongs. Where was like a tradition? Or was like part of everybody's life and part of my life. Now I got to get crawling out of bed at the An ungodly hour early in the morning and I'm a dottering old fart and no one to be doing it. Okay. There's only one dottering old fart that should be getting out of bed early in the morning to do a show and that's until we get rid of. I mean Well, you have any idea how oh You have any idea how desperately I'd like to find a magic wand to just make him disappear. Yeah, there you go. George has got it. No more Marlon games 74. Doing tremendously well. Don't change the thing it's fine. 31.4.5% lame. Bring back the crow 30. Lots more Joseph Acca 22. Neil should retire. I like George step in 21.3%. Dump the hump. Dump the hump for 14. Humpers doing okay. And dump the mad dog only six out of six. How many of you can you believe the incredible unbelievable popularity over the mad dog? I believe it. He is he's more popular right now than French toast. That whole thing about the French toast and about the freedom. You know, this is such a great example of the juvenile The that is the dumbing down but the aging down of America. We need everybody like little kids in a sandbox with the deck of cards with the eight of diamonds and the six of spades and the freedom fried. Everything is on such a juvenile level. Honey, expect man this guy's asking me before. Well, how do we take it back? You're not going to take it back. It's too late. Baby the horse is not only out of the barn. He's 100 yards down the road and they're getting ready to fry him for dinner and Texas. How do you kidd man? Twenty-two one at five sixty W to come. But I'll I'll wave at you from the border. Okay. From a safe distance. Anyway, I'll wave at you. I'll be wearing a mask. And out of our Tsar's either. Hey, if you've been thinking about buying a new barbecue or any barbecue accessories, you must go to barbecue's Glora great place. Get you a head start on the barbecue and season with a perfect real accessories. All at the Guadanteed lowest prices. Barbecue's Glora carries barbecue's in every price range from the top of the line commercial grade stainless steel grill to the more portable Weber charcoal real like the one I got that is great. Get you an amazing deal right now on the top of the line 38 inch grand turbo stainless steel grill. This powerful 62,000 BTU grill comes loaded with accessories like a stainless steel motisserie, a rear burner, and a pull out gas cylinder shelf. You won't beat the quality or the price anywhere. For all your barbecue needs at the Guaranteed lowest prices, don't forget, shop barbecue's Glora their ententation and the University drive into fountain shopping center. Call 9-5-4-4-2-3-14. And across springs there were at 7485 West Sample Road, Corner Sample and Rock Island called 9-5-4-7-7-668. For the largest large number of barbecue's in the country, it's barbecue's Glora and believe me they'd be the best. For that the Lord even loves the Oradras. Is that me touching you or are you touching me? I can't tell where you end and I begin. My skin is your skin. We are one. Is that I who dealt it or you who's smelt it? When it wasn't me. Was to. Was now. Was to. Calvin Klein's repulsion. Oh, this is manly. It's a 12-44-5-60, I can almost smell it all the way up here, you know? How do you know I fart it? Or any eaves is still buck buck buck. It's behind us. Yeah, put it in your behind. Get lost or any okay you're out, man. That he'd you like poison, useless. What a politics up here, so strange, you know? And all I guess it would be the same if you were first coming to the US because you got your federal government, you know, and then you got your state government and you're and it's the same thing here, but it's very hard to finger out. And most of our bunch of smokes anyway. Here's one that says a fact, thank you for pointing out the many and how he would are being blacklisted for anti-war opinions. Michael Moore gets food for denouncing the war in a man who raped the 13-year-old girl and who can ever enter the US again, receives a standing ovation and then a Academy Award. Phil Henry claims that Tim Robbins and other anti-war activists in the Hollywood are sabotaging his TV pilot. Are you? Because he is pro-war. I knew he was all these full of BS, but he used to be funny now. It's Lard S. Light. Lard S. Light. Good work. Okay. Okay. And then to bottom of this facts under what looks like sheet music. It says, Condolize, Condolize, I see you in every day, but don't tell the your stop-o. Obviously, unsign. Do I understand the stop-o exchange track of everyone? Yes, we do. Here's one that's very disturbing, but not no surprise. There are no surprises from the uh, gift stop-o. FCC Chairman Michael Powell, son of course of colon Powell, and correspondence released last Wednesday told Congress, he would not delay his planned June 2 vote on major media ownership rules, saying it is time to make judgments. Because the team channel don't want to wait anymore, I guess. Powell statement came in correspondence, replied to eight recent letters from federal lawmakers split on one of the agency should proceed quickly or propose rule changes, and submit them to more public comment. The five commissioners are liberating privately on what changes to present to the June vote. Powell and his letter dated April 11 said the agency is tardy and complying with the congressional mandate to review ownership rules every two years. He said the FCC has received significant input from the American public, compiling a record of more than 18,000 comments, the time to make judgment based on the record is before us, Paul Road. Congressional correspondence urging action by June included representative Billy Towson Republican Alusiana, the chair of the House Commerce Committee that oversees the FCC, those urging more public comment include 12 senators from both parties, who comprise a majority of that chamber's Commerce Committee, which likewise oversees the FCC and see. An issue are rules that limit TV network size, restrict local concentrations of TV media ownership, and prevent daily newspapers from owning nearby broadcast stations. The FCC's two democratic commissioners have pushedward lay in the rule making saying more studies should take place before they vote alongside the three-bore public and colleague. So as usual, like I've said, both parties suck, but the Republicans are the dangerous team who lived in one and then Democrats are a benign and a sleep. There you go. I say, let's like clear channel on every station. There you go. What do you mean? We can have all our tasks. We can have a large ass heavy and a large ass light. Are you sure all day? 24 hours a day. Every word in America. Sickening. But the public of course is busy with Nancy Grace and believe this panels, we got a panel on a Scott Peterson, Lacy Peterson, controversy on a murder in California and a thesis. It's just amazing. They used to talk about the power of television and little did they have any idea, even Howard Bealon is wildest tirade. They've even came close to what it's turned up. The public's minds have been turned to mush. mush. Just take a look at Azihazborn. Yeah. See what I'm saying? Right? He's a great intellectual compared to most of the little America. Yeah, I'm serious. At least got a great sense of humor. I still have my die Pepsi spot. We're a little bit contrary. Yeah, a bunch of bloody magicians. He is he's great. Not as good as Julian Kranon passions, but he's then yours. But I even knew like that. See you like that. It was funny. You thought sure, and was hot and you enjoyed Julian Kranon. I'll never watch the show again. But that's okay. At least you realized that I wasn't just totally out of it. No, I- because I know that show. It's visually compelling when I was watching it over here with the I with the sound off in those days. I mean, I will grant you that that show is- and oh yeah, there's a lot of really hot looking people on that show, which of course attracted to me there with the first place. But the fact is it like any soap opera, even though it's a comedy soap opera, you can't watch it once and get the feel, you know, right? Especially on that show because it drags on forever and they do it purposely. They're frustrated and if you're 80 audience, but you become a sarcastic and you can't show it off. Just like today, in the episode, I'm going to see today with Eva Barge's in that blue note jazz bar, screaming in hysterical- Stop, stop the music because your daughter Whitney is a singer and she's afraid she's going to turn into a life of drugs and lose sex in crap like she did. It's it's right. Like I said, George, if you're watching again today, drugs and lose sex. W-Q-I-M. Well, yes, sir. I don't think that you'd be dumbing down of America what's happened, Stan Threx's in, I think it was perfectly orchestrated because historically proven facts is the best way to control the population is to make a ignorance. That is correct. And then what you do is, you know, after you get an ignorant population, you can pretty much tell them anything, especially if you control the avenues of media. And then you get the silent majority of educated people and you silence them with true intimidation or other attacks. Right. And then you get all the parents to go along and wave the flag and do the super patriotic thing and you criticize anybody who doesn't go step along. Like you said, you point to figure out they're going to be their communist or whatever the appropriate label of the day happens to be unpatriotic. I mean, historically, I mean, whether it was the church reading the masses and Latin or, you know, any 10,000 other examples of a dictator coming to power and kill them the doctors and the lawyers because they were the one who had the education. It's all a matter of keeping people ignorant and that way you can tell them whatever they want. And talk about ugly stereotypes. Look, you know, we talk about progress from black America. There's almost no progress in black America. Blacks are represented by the same ridiculous stereotypes that they always have in all of my life. And the amount of progress you could measure in a teacup in a symbol. And they'll never think. I mean, ignorant people are, you know, you need to make a profit off of. I mean, whether McDonald or Walmart, some of you need ignorant people to make a profit and they's like, I always said, more people need to make tunnels than any good restaurant you can name. You got it. Have a great day, Palhangan there. Yeah. See at the passport office. There's a guy that's got his summer on San Tony. It takes 50,000 calls. You're finding it one at really, really makes a lot of sense. I mean, we've had a few today. We've had a few. Oh, well, look at that. It's just the way it is. Okay. I'm starting to enjoy it this way. You know what I mean? So we go through fits and starts and you keep, you know, it's like life in America. You know, it's like searching for intelligent life. You have to drive. I mean, if you're in the deep South, the question might have a long graph. Hope you got a good take a gas. Yeah. Hope you can afford it. Of course, pretty soon we're going to have a lot of cheap gas. Once we take over the whole goddamn Middle East, then and just keep in mind, oil had nothing to do with it. Keep that in mind. Okay. Okay. Oil had nothing to do with any of these things. Now that pipeline that they want to build a hyphen is real. You know, and just the coincidence and that pipeline is Syria that they chopped off from Iraq. That was also just a coincidence. Really, that's right. Life is just a series of coincidences. Just don't start getting paranoid and delusional and start making up stories about peanut and all these other sinister organizations. That is correct. And he merkin the enterprise and toot all these other right wing groups. And they're all the same people that show on his channel last night. They showed you that all these same people were like from Bush one man, only only Bush one number 41, might have you call him. He was like the most moderate of all of them. He was a dove by comparison to them. I just again, I should end passing 1252 at 560 WQM. If you're tossing and turning a night now, maybe you're worried about the war, maybe you're worried about nuclear weapons, maybe you're worried about SARS, or maybe you're just still got a crappy mattress. That's probably the most likely reason. If your mattress is lumpy and worn out, you're not going to get a good night's sleeping. You'll feel it for all day the next day. Hit yourself a great night's sleep for months and years to come with a quality name brand mattress at an unbeatable price with an absolutely unbeatable delivery service from our friends at dollar mattress. Just a one simple call 1-800 mattress will do it. You'll talk to a train bed and expert when I was bedding inside and out and they'll hook you up with exactly the kind of mattress you want to size the style and when it comes to brand names, no crap. They don't carry any off-brands. They've only the top names in the business. See these sort of Simmons King coil. You'd be amazed at the tremendous bed that I have here in Toronto. A fat boy wasn't so full of crap. Call 1-800 mattress right now to guarantee what great night's sleep. And let me tell you, once you do it, you'll never go back to those showrooms and comparison shopping and wasting your time money again. And don't forget, when you do buy your mattress and dollar mattress, they set up the new one and take away your crappy old-sural bedding for free. Let me repeat that because most folks won't do it for you. Dottom mattress sets up the new one takes away the soiled nasty worn out old bedding for free. So make the call right now and you and your back will feel a hell of a lot better for months and years to come and you're a great night's sleep from dollar mattress. Call 1-800-MATTRES. That's 1-800 mattress and be sure and tell them that old fat boy, you know, which one we're talking about, told you to call. We're talking about Korean, the new theretochum and the right queen is feeling it over and over and to our head. But don't worry, I'm like a daddy, rag, hat, hat, hat, hat, hat. When the sun passed this stretch on the light boat. 3000 people filled are now forgotten. Let's exploit them and stand. Eight, there's oil to be content going after sit down to play kato summa. There's no longer mention of the name in law, but no one's seep concerned all. A fee and complacent believe in every word of this cartel administration that controls us by fear through medium and manipulation and us. For right queen is feeling it over and over and to our head. That I rag has a weapon of mass destruction. The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now, not the ass, drop this thing. I have nothing to hide. Table partners all are saying, but I know idiot cattle don't have any reservations. Battle of provoke, battle at world and violation. Old regime must fall and have a virgin and stoke with no objection at all. Just a cred to know how the fall and the right queen is really little over and over and to our parade wash pants. I rag has a weapon of mass destruction. Only I rag has a weapon of mass destruction. Then you read the whole article there are no travel restrictions to Canada. They're just telling people when they come here, don't go to hospitals, don't go where people have a bunch of masks don't go where people are dangerous. Stuff like that. It's his excuse me. Is that what says the I mean typical CNN certainly not news Anyway, dumping mold the biggest change possible on the Furry and Group QAM 226 George is the way he's past your man. You're sucking win. Sorry 164 you better speed up long way to go to mad dogs next the ever popular Jim Man it's This is better than sex