again it dark and back home Don't. She was second best at it. So, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Nancy, care again, the bitch was going to win again. Tom, your blocks, ribbon. Highest, out, a henchmen, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. If Nancy, K, was leaving, who ring. She's locked up from behind. Bang, bang, Tom, you still the hammer came down upon her knees. Bang, bang, Tom, you still the hammer made sure of victory. A limb thick, little round on you, his an ugly crowd, oh, the every move. She can't find her. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. She forecos a plan makes a way into the stand murder on her mind. She has never minded a challenge, oh, oh, oh, oh. The crowd they make a break for the door, but it's too late to run. Bang, bang, Tom, you still the hammer just smashing in their heads. She would not leave little hammer till the very warm ones could end. She's locked up from behind. She's locked up from behind. She's locked up from behind. She's locked up from behind. She's locked up from behind. She's locked up from behind. She's locked up from behind. She's locked up from behind. Now this guy's out of line that he's got to go. Oh, oh, oh. As Saint Pete was turning the page, Tom year took her in. Bang, bang, Tom you still the hammer made sure of victory. He to his bed, but states time can't no slaves and heaven and she will enslave you in. 24-12-560WQAM and I think that UO Bruce Springsteen and Apology Mr. He sucks. I think that your position on Bruce Springsteen is very rare. He's suck, but I talk about exploiting a tragedy, which is, you know, that was the right foundation of his big comeback. Why do people get lauded for doing things like that? Because people are dumb. I see. But you know, we're rooting 42 votes on a pool. What do they enjoy here at most about on the show? Health? None. I just noticed that. Out of 342 votes. Health a big fat. Not even a sympathy vote from your fat friends out there. By the way, I emailed a linda letter. No, that we are the oddie was back on, but, you know, she's not where she's at. She's out walking or you want something or, you know, find herself a new instrument. She's out doing something. Either that or she heard your voice in the beginning. Right. But seriously, nobody knows they tune in in nine. If the thing is screwed up, that's it. So I guess our engineering department isn't concerned enough that we're destroying the lives of a lot of people. And probably our engineering department doesn't believe that we have anybody outside the media market. Or we need to watch to hear than you Roger show. They don't show up in the ratings. We don't sell ads to them. No, no, it's not that. They just don't feel that anybody who wants to hear this anyway. See? I understand. Music one. One. And I think like I said before, people are interested in music. They're listening to what music plus if I'm talking about music. It's usually my music and being the old fart that I am admittedly so I'm not going to be talking about what they're interested in. That's for damn sure especially looking at these grand. Uh-huh. You're not going to be talking about nori. And I do like the food fighters. That's one. Right. Corn. I mean, the best wrap album the M&M show. Oh my god. Corn sure is special. Your favorite got tub. That's the digital pop vocal album. Did you see that? Catagul I 13. You're very favorite of all time. Cornhole. Tony Bennett. Got what? Best traditional pop vocal album. Like I said, the whole thing is a cluster for cocaine. That's all it is. The bunch of crap. That's everything. Song of the year. Jesse Harris don't know why. Find or Jones. Have you heard it? No. Neither. Carlos here. No. Oh for three. Well what do we know? And where would we hear it? On maybe gloves 94. Uh-huh. Well, but she's jazz. I mean, who'd help plays jazz? Yeah, please warn me so I can avoid them. Jazz vocal album live in Paris by Diana Crawl. There's a good Canadian girl. What kind of rhyme likes her? Who? Book a Brian. Like the Diana Crawl? Yeah. Maybe like to see Diana Crawl. That too. Female R&B performer Marie J. Blige. He think I don't know. He think I don't know. He think I don't know. What kind of a name is that? Dog. Oh, he think I don't be no one. What is that? Best mail R&B performance you don't have to call by usher. Okay. That's interesting. Some of the stuff on here. Yeah. I haven't been born yet. Contemporary R&B album, a shanti by a shanti. Well, I'm excited to make. Faith Hill. Oh, who'd how was Rippon? Oh, the news guy? Oh, this is news guy? What does his name? I don't know what his name. I've never known his name. He ripped her an ass. He said she doesn't sing. I guess what he's trying to say. She's a female Bruce Greenstein. She never sings one note. All she does is scream and kind of like Maria like what's her name? Mariah Carey. She cat her walls. squeals. She just crecator walls. Right. And thank God Mariah Carey didn't gain it. Did she know? Don't see her on here so far. Thank God. Female Rot Performance Vocal Steve McQueen by Cheryl Crow. Yeah, exactly. Makes me want to grow up. And all in, that's it. So they don't want to hear about me. Use the getting back. Yeah. See how I ate her up myself and I get sidetracked. Good. Kilt some time. I know I noticed you're playing a lot of long stuff. Thank you. Food nine. See? Right. Health none. Food nine. Right. And that was a late edition. TV and movies ten. National news thirteen. Local issues 17 and most of the really aren't any hockey 18. You're right. That's been freaked. I'm going to start calling remember the Freeper. We are Robert Greeper and the Freeper at the hockey games. World affairs and judges a homosexuality and job performance each have 20. Sex 28. Religion 38. The personal adventures 40. Hey, went to the store this morning in the middle of the show. Yeah, would you get took a shower. I got to mommy. The Toronto star Toronto son. What kind of soap. What kind of soap do you exist? Ah. Is this the unsopened? I didn't drop it either. The meals personal adventures 40 politics 51 and internal WQM shenanigans 84. Hands down your pants baby. They want the inside story. And believe me in our places. There's a zillion inside stories. And almost any name you pick out of the hat you can say. He's an asshole. And nobody will argue with you. Like no, for example. We haven't even got started on a piece of crap. He's a third. Silly old coupe. By the way, Mad news for him. I'm still alive. It'll scratch you throw it a little bit of a head cold. I was mostly gone. I think it's like, you don't promote the show this morning. What is it? He was made aware that you were sick and that I was going to be filling in. And he didn't give a problem. He didn't give a crap as what you're trying to say. That's what he didn't give a food. And then he was made aware. There's only one thing he needs to be made. And I this to disappear. Maybe the genie that wanted to do a certain thing. That's the hernumer. What do you say? How do you know it was a girl, genie? Don't take it personal, Mow. Bye bye bye. Think it was a mean genie. It's time for a break or you can lost. No, just have a couple of things to have a good time. Have a very good time as a matter of fact. Me too. Have an nervous breakdown. So on the maze 18. 12. On 5. 60. WQAM. Hey, let me tell you about our good friend Tom Lavin and Joe Priya. They're buried. They got cars up to their eyelids. The fact we sent Halipodiac. So many vehicles that they got a place to stick them. Even Tom Lavin said it parked cars in SUVs and trucks. All kinds of crap in his driveway. So they like to place one in yours. Halipodiac right now this week. They're blowing out all the new vehicles. Regardless of profit. Including the Pontiac vibes. They're only 13,000,000,000, and up to five grand off on every GMC on Boy and Stock. Plus get yourself zero percent financing or up to a $3,000 rebate. And as always, Halipodiac. It's got a tremendous selection of dependable use cars, trucks, and SUVs. And the credit deal. I keep telling you this over and over again. Maybe you don't believe me. If you're afraid to go to a car dealer because of the fact that you're credit is so bad. These are the people you want to see. They won't laugh you off the lot. They might not be behind your back a little bit. It's the Winter Bliss and Emergency Cell going on right now. And Halipodiac GMC. You'll find them in the same place. They've been treating people sensational for over 35 years. 134.01 Sat. Tixie Highway. That's US 1-Ret across the street from the prestigious falls in Halipod. Every day, 7 days a week. Don't forget you'll save even more. But mentioning my name. Call now the New Rogers Neal Deal Hotline toll free for all the details. Call 1-Trival8-5344211. That's 1-Trival8-5344211 for Halipodiac GMC. We are professional grades. You're way too way, yeah. But that's incredible. I don't remember if we're playing this. How do you good news? I was watching TV with my buddies TV and we saw the screens thing. Sure, long ago. Sure, long ago. I was so calm. I was playing a woman with a cell leg and Maxi and Paz that had wings. I turned again a free and what did I see? But a lady who looked real rich. Living on a hill, bitch, you're back to film for the special. That man in a chee. I tried once more and the piano for an Irish shot. That must have been best. Again, who was shunky said that when she fell in funky she just quarts it with the FDS. Well, it's all everything you said that over time you're racing, but I'm a little bit more in my heart. You're shooting away, dancing over here, boy, and dancing over here. Those magic hands, but stay at peace. That's all fine. Come on, give it a try. It's very much in touch. I'm a little bit more in touch. I'm a little bit more in touch. I'm a little bit more in touch. I'm a little bit more in touch. I'm a little bit more in touch. I'm a little bit more in touch. I'm a little bit more in touch. I'm a little bit more in touch. I'm a little bit more in touch. I'm a little bit more in touch. I'm a little bit more in touch. I'm a little bit more in touch. I'm a little bit more in touch. I'm a little bit more in touch. I'm a little bit more in touch. I'm a little bit more in touch. I'm a little bit more in touch. I'm a little bit more in touch. I'm a little bit more in touch. I'm a little bit more in touch. I'm a little bit more in touch. I'm a little bit more in touch. I'm a little bit more in touch. I'm a little bit more in touch. I'm a little bit more in touch. I'm a little bit more in touch. I'm a little bit more in touch. I'm a little bit more in touch. I'm a little bit more in touch. I'm a little bit more in touch. I'm a little bit more one thinger than a little bit more. I'm a little bit closer in touch. I'm a little bit more and moreAR me. You're just an audience and all the key of all it's crazy Loathings and all the revolutions Summer leaves the mass together When you look to Fattoil, Coach has tampered, Static orders, Stacked to Northwood, Panthers and Feminies can be clumped Fave free, air free, All of us up to same family Montestad, Femstad, A flood for this, a fat for that old scent Mind all the kait you throw with pile Any mind or tampered, The list that have was on and on Out of all the episodes, It's so insane A to be But it's not my pregnancy day Feminies and all the kaits But it's all my day of leave It's them unenhazzy I'm just a bit pissed You ever play that? No I'm pretty sure I know why Yeah, well, Who's up? Green half-minister I'm loyal to you I'm loyal to you Pretty weak So anyway, I must have hit the jackpot Because they had all these different, I mean a huge Jürth thing of oluminat, Yeah Through samples of all the products they make And so I picked out of those the immune system Olive oil, assuming that would have something to do with You know, being under the weather, right? And I'm reading the ingredients now that I already pop too, But just to be curious, And it says it does it the first sign of a cold Mm-hmm Take two softyles, two times a day with water at mealtimes Is the dietary supplement for maximum four weeks I'd like that Okay, so it's cold stuff So thanks again I thought you were going to surprise us with something Like you were reading the ingredients and it had sore batallent and it or something No Just be glad I didn't get my Bicola with sugar free Yeah Because you wouldn't be having to really as much company here We're doing the show run I'll just don't you have a wireless mic up there You could take it into the toilet Yeah, that would be good Yeah, we have a wireless mic Yeah, hey, it's been done Don't even have sound capability through the board here We don't even have any audio Do you realize how easy it would be? Yeah, I did we had audio And I can put a whole bunch of news out in the DCS And Vokobron could email me stuff Instead of like these disc back and forth Yeah, I don't know Are you starting up again? No, because I'll take part of the blame for those We just man like royalty We give him anything We want we build them studios on the moon What he asked for him And this is all he does is sick Dude damn, okay Fast it Now, Ruchie think we should take a call Well, I was thinking about it But then they went away You even had a call from Toronto on there Now and they went away They did Well, it was from Miami But he was visiting down here And he was wondering what you were doing down here He was wondering what Why you were up there and doing the show down here And he was a Torontoite Yeah So If you're back He hung up He might be back We might be back I got a well the phones ringing So all we're waiting for Carlos to screen that We have been doing this for one day Did you see the schedule? Oh, you know what? I didn't find the new updated schedule to you Well, no, this one just has question marks between 3 and 7 Right? Well, the question marks He goes, hey, he goes, go into the in I don't know where that is, Hank at the Roy Jones fight How about that? Mike Tyson fight For 49 seconds How about that Tony Harding fight Yeah, I saw that I mean, I didn't see it, but I saw the pictures Yeah What a beast Got beaten bad Good I'm so proud Nasty, smelly bitch So what is on wednesday that I don't see on here Long facts on the two right now, but I'll just break it here It's Joe and Mark In the daytime How about that? Joe, who was so nice to visit us during the Atresor Island parents on Friday With Janina by the way His Hank contemplating His Hank contemplating retirement or something I'm not joking you, I'm serious Hank is Oh my Oh my Speaking of Joseph Gackie, what would you rather have on? Joseph Gackie Really? Yeah In light of recent developments They run a kitty show, Joe and Mark They have like for little kids They run a prayer old juvenile kitty show Which is fine between 2 and 6 in the morning As a lead into a god's kind of audience anyway But I mean right there in the middle of the daytime That's the last school I've ever seen before I've been down 441 Right when the kids get out of school They can listen to Joe and Mark He runs like right before 3 o'clock Oh my Oh my Oh no Oh no, this is my anybody It's not the guy from Toronto Hello Is it a bug? No, good one See, there you go There's our second call today And he said it so Boringly too You know It was coming from down there because it was so boring Here's Mark, he's hello Hi Neil Yes sir How are you? Okay, I'm coming along Can you put a mischujee on that list? No Nice job there Carlos You're doing it baby You know he's impossible to screen Is he really? Well no, not for somebody who's here Not for a federal night He's a federal night screen or like George Right He calls me There's all the more reason not to be taking calls Because we got about 10 people who just You know that's it Joseph What you give us number out? Who's that? Mr. Jim Hart, Mr. Who called? Who'd you write that for president? Richard Gibb Hart or Joseph Go ahead Well no I'm 5-4 He's obviously lonely Mr. G 9-5-4 9-7-4 9-7-4 9-7-4 6-2-3-5 6-2-3-5 Maybe he'd like to talk to you While you were out He was out I guess it was last week Remember the I'm crazy guy? Yeah Called? We gave his number out Hadn't heard from incense Oh, he'll be back I'm sure So that guy for now And I look at this We're begging for calls here Because we want to take like a real call Before noon I don't think we're going to get a real call But if you weigh in We'll be on 5 Ranked couple of times That was the end of that Yeah, they want the calls I guess we and so what do you mean They want the calls All the poles you took Remember there are any calls All the stuff we talked about here for three hours today And there's not a single call Nobody is anything to say about the Grammys About your name, about anything The house The house on the beach Yeah, the sisters on the beach The illegal alien Where would their grave robbing her? Or would they want to donate in the kids organs? Not, I do like that And what was the other? There was one other big guy And then the fire We told him the truth 97 97 dead people And nobody wants to fess up Now you didn't see the thing with the band They played there before And they had had power to show the floor They should have two other acts As a matter of fact Another band of me and a kiss mock band That all used way more power techniques than we saw in the... In a wood frame building With no sprinkler system We end with a foam rubber insulation I mean, like a space shuttle Right, oh, sorry Here's what a lot of deal Hello Anyhow you're done Okay I just, this is a real call I wondered if the other night you saw a front line Or anybody mentioned about it We had a call about it I'm Friday but I forgot it was on I didn't see it We had one call It was so good Showed how the bush campaign Even before he was president Was already focusing on sedarm Right We'd been up at what his dad had Not completed Yeah, they have unfinished business That's correct All right, that's all I got Okay, thanks Yeah, see nobody watches PBS I'm here I'm here I'm here Are you doing? Fine, you Great I'm here visiting I've been here almost two weeks now I stumbled into your Reocation And I've been listening to it ever since Thank goodness for that And that ironic that you're a Tarantonian who's in Miami And I'm a Miami guy who's in Toronto How do you like that? Now, I just can't figure out In the two weeks of it Listening, I still can't figure out why you're in Toronto Because I don't like it there Because I'm a Toronto person Oh, I see Did not know that Big Lee's fan, all the last night we'll forget that it happened But other than that Great You've only been there for a couple of weeks Now, if you've been there a couple of months You don't understand why most of us hate it Like poison won't get out So since they built me a studio up here My beautiful apartment, why the hell should I be down there More than I have to I see Good move Exactly But I like the weather here now Yeah, it's real toast to here It's minus 13 Celsius You see, it made a good choice this week Yeah, but Also, the reason I stuck with your station I think you're the only station In all of America I think that Let's probably and he wore her, you know? Right And it's a refreshing place That's because of the only station in all of America That's got any balls Yeah It doesn't boost up in the line with these fashes To a running this country now That's another reason I'm glad to be up here, eh? That's right That's right We're not with you Not yet Anyway And congratulations See you thought that that frog would be a With a sliding mouth You thought he was a bad guy But he's not all stupid as we think he was That's right Okay, good to hear from you, pal Thank you See you Foundy Yeah Golly, go How do you like that call from Toronto? Hey One-till-12 On 560 QAN On the connects again Everybody's got a different lifestyle We only different things to help us be healthy That's why you ought to check out AudioMedMediterineiformas Because they got advanced combinations A pharmaceutical grade olive oil With vitamins, minerals, herbal, other nutrients And they're scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions To help you support specific health needs All different things Now, look for OliMed's three new formulas They have one to help you sleep on Help you control your weight And coq10, which is so important for your heart OliMed's also got supplements And won't help in your circulatory system Your digestive, your endocrine system, your skin and bones Even your mind Your mind F-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e Audio is in the benefits of the fine style of old admonic can buy And OliMed makes products for men and ladies too OliMed's an exciting new product That you can pick up all over time At publics, records, whole food markets and logreens For more information call OliMed tool Free them to yell about their products And what they can do for you Call 1-866 OliMed That's 1-866-6536633 Can order their products online If you like OliMed America.com And don't forget to visit their sampling Povidia.sports town Every Sunday during Dolphin season Which is only many, many once a waste Start feeling great today Start poppin some OliMed in your post My name is OliMed This is my 60th There are years on yours How do you know how to act you, Ian More How are they David? Are you always doing funny other rake of David? Is that hype smokestorth or one hour? Whom? You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You goes to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it You go to do it Brothers and sisters Brothers and sisters Brothers and sisters Are friends And everything you really don't call it a thing That's it, yeah, yeah Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Can't be so much And I know when you get Like a fun night Be good, I'm one of one now Make a big hug And everyone was a man I used to be nice I'm a demon man Me so will be my show Don't like it, I'm dead You'll take it just punch I hate it, and then I'll see you Don't worry, I'll take it, but don't get paid Just don't want to take it to your heart I hate it, but don't get mad And I know when you get mad Don't be sick, yeah Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Can't be so much And I know when you get mad I'm gonna be good, I'm just punchin' like I'm a big hug And everyone was a man I'm a demon man I used to be nice Come on, come on, come on I'm gonna have a problem Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Go on, go on, go on, go on, go on You're a moron, you're a moron You've got no good guys like Fucking guys, you've got no good Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Wait, no wait, you're kidding I hate it, I hate it Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh I hate it, I don't like it So, the 5, 5, 6, 3, 2, 3, 3, 3 Clog, 2, 1 I'm going a little bit backwards Sit-co's Panthers preview at 7, 7, 30, it's the Panthers and the Sabers At the game, Joe and Mark and their juvenile after school show from 2 to 7 in the morning To pieces of good news, yeah Number one, it's all the way up to minus 12 Celsius That's, yeah, yeah, that's all over 10 degrees Fahrenheit Oh, time to open those windows And number two, yeah So Lynn Sandil's got my email and she's, she's listening to me, I'm sure Hot dog hot dog on board And says, good, better, please, I'm going to be in my next week or this week And can listen on the radio actually, plus I don't want you to be sick Thanks Lynn, can you know the back and said stop it and see George And we can choose I here to get, we could do another lunch at the Donner now By this time, yeah He's going to buy with Remer's money that the woman was not at lunch Ask me if I ever got the $14 from that lottery ticket that we spent Oh, my, oh, my You can swing it, yeah, swing that's what he said So that will be nice. I got a guest line up for you there. Thank you as opposed to taking these great phone calls Although we do have a lady in Miami, we better put her on immediately, hello Hello, Neil. Yes, ma'am. I'm sorry, I couldn't be the only real caller before 12 o'clock But I am a real caller now I wanted to talk to you about something that I read in the paper this morning I immediately thought of you from the Harold It's by a woman named Michelle Mountain Now content, bottom and Gamora University and the little bylines There's gay sex seekers use a university sponsored website to locate partners for tourists Not about something out in California, there's an anonymous, a university sponsored website at Berkeley But people used to locate partners for tourists and Berkeley bathrooms and reports that as many as 18 glory Holes which are used for much worse than pureing P.E.R. P.E.R.I.N.G. have been drilled across campus I do like that This is a public safety hazard Public safety hazard Public safety hazard Public safety threat to other students unknowingly using these mark bathrooms for what we were intended And of course the homosexuals see the bathroom back in Alias a sacred celebration of free speech and diversity But my favorite is her last paragraph is a A D-D-A-Practice Common at filthy truck stops has infected the hollowed ivory tower And all the campus left can do is blame the messenger and play the victim card And then she goes on to quote, I swear to God, Genesis 1928 Oh And low the smoke of the country went up as the smoke of a furnace And even the house Oh my god, oh my god Wow Wow The creators send a kit 2003 creators send a kit I don't know what Okay, have a nice day I hope you feel better Thanks Bye bye Boy boy I think like that glory Holes had burply because we were much of gay people there Shame on them never word a thunket I think it's part of their broad education don't you? What's the problem? What's the problem? Where else are you going to learn what a glory holes? Excepted Westland and Hylia Some people get in there I think it's easy pennies I thought it was pennies Reset the one when they do the limbo rock under the Estoll door And that was Dwight 2 as a matter of fact Now that you mentioned it 390 votes on our pool Well we didn't get to start it right away I thought we did like maybe half hour into the show Nah You nuts Yeah We had it on there But then we were dealing with it We were dealing with it and the pool too Since we don't do topics on the garage Show what's your favorite Object of discussion Probably worded Internal security In terms of the QM shenanigans 89 In fact a lot of people squeeze themselves when they hear Great hate you Politics 57 The most personal adventure is 43 I'm going to go have lunch as soon as we get done here What are you going to have? I don't know Soup Maybe some shallow and soup Maybe that's the effort now We'll do the soup soup shung Together Religion 42 Sex 34 Local issues 24 George's homosexuality and the job performance 23 Hockey 23 Ah Yeah He probably called up everybody he knew There you go There we go And you'll talk more about hockey Well I talk more about hockey No We're the fairs 21 National News 14 TV and movies 11 Food 11 And amazingly Look at the bottom there I'm looking at it It hasn't changed one ayoda Not even one One shot or a pity vote for health Not one fat word for music And for health we got Oh And why should we be talking health I'm sick as a dog Right The Humper's got his brothers out there calling in You know trying to pedal him drugs to get him better You think during the like those days when you were doing the Atkins discussion heavy duty and all these people were calling in You think somebody would vote for him They don't want to hear about it don't understand The people that were calling again How about the music shows? Can you go? The lines ring off the hook I keep trying to tell you and it's easy to forget when you do an Show the calls had nothing to do with how many people are listening Should spray paint now You can do fire rhythms you can do psychic readings and a phones Or bring it off the hook Right And as soon as like on the buyer with the Michelle's beast did with her knee so soon And as soon as the person calls in and gets their personal whatever Yeah, they're gone They don't give a crap about anybody else's buyer Where let's hook it is a grunt astrological reading right yeah I mean they do care that Greg each other than that Right, well that's big news Yeah, old news But nevertheless that catch a Greg 1212 on five days QAM Call that a penis I can't stand it in the mouth I'm watching for a video Give me my way all around Look before the rainbow Sometimes in the booths next to me I'll see if the thru a tear away Watch the videos and answer me For the morning we'll be home I feel I'm there And kiss it too I'll have a phone Look before the world through We're just standing in the mouth As we both enjoy the show It's can't be wince in the mouth I'm going home I have my two open Since it's my time run slow And the star here is still in The glory of the snow But I know And that's what I had to bear You know hate The broken nose and up the brush The creaks The full beginning of the day To the hell I know That was fucking great I'll just drop in the bottle To the little morning morning Glory of the world Another train monkey Thank you very much Paul 1756 to QM I know I violated the two minute rule But I thought it was topical and appropriate What was that mean? I was going to play two minute No for bits today Just because you know you're sick and I'm lazy Are you being lazy? Is that a cop out? Yeah Like that bitch said that called you that day Is it a cop out? That we're not doing like a topical talk Radio everyday like old crap That went up with a high button Shoe that only 90 year old people on a here Right That bit We're lince as she never did This is amazing She is going to be by Because she doesn't have a driver this time In other words, misguides is otherwise occupied She has a show of that Maybe it has something to do with this glory holes Misguides maybe a drill in for a Oral or news Well, she'll take a cap a cap see A tap But over here she never learned to drive Again, I was not something when you live in a real city like New York Or here for example You don't have to have a car Right I never learned to drive Hmm So I said she could call on in a bat line Which I right email to where or I'm thinking that her close personal friend Book of Brian could pick her up and Right Step around Why not To least he can do Right, he brings her in We go to lunch and then you want to We'll take her back Can you? Yeah, wherever Right, Matt will drive around He won't be in town Oh, how do you know that? I don't know I was just I was making an excuse for Maybe he'll be a J.C. pennies Don't get started Okay, with misguides All right, don't be getting me started Hey, he paid for lunch So he's all right by me Did he really? He did For all of us You weren't there? Oh You're not invited You're small-meteed Smaller even So what about the story about this lady A basketball player Huh? Who? Turns her back on the flag It's on our website, Mr. It's one of the stories I've bedtime stories In purchase New York And then see that a lay division Three college basketball player Returns away from the US flag room The National Anthem was jeered By flag waving students at a road game Even ask he was on the bench Tony Smith, the senior man Hattonville College was booted Mount St. Mary at a game Thursday night Smith is protesting that the government's priorities Are not unbettering the quality of life for all of its people But rather on a spadigate-zone power She is turned away from the flag all season Before Thursday's game The Mount St. Mary's student government Hatton out small flags More than 500 people filled a small gym And jeered Smith at every opportunity Well wasn't that nice and pay-fiatic up, huh? Sure At the end of the game between Manhattanville And Mount St. Mary the crowd saying God bless America When Manhattanville played the US merchant Marine Academy February 11 More than 300 flag waving Mitchib and greeted Smith with chance of USA and leave our country Leave our country In other words, it leave it a love it If you don't win the winners You don't have to play a plastic moronic mentality That's right As in Water Six It's On Level When Smith picked up 2,000 The first three minutes it was benched The crowd chanted, we want Tony According to the Journal News Once he went on with the state media Manhattanville president Richard Burman said he Cool Smith what he's doing is courageous and difficult And he is Absolutely correct So I'd like that If you don't know First member how long ago was very shortly after 9.11 When the administration started painting the Democrats They don't care about national security You know, you're either with us or against us And every respect All the questions we were against there Then you're at the very least unpaid Reotic and a scumbag Right And I'd be buying a condo in the bag And then the electric car And working on radio bag I thought that was this I thought that was us That's what he was talking about Right Now the poll is being skewed now You know what I say Health all of a sudden went from none to 11 Yeah Maybe in and this is right in the middle of lunch hours So I don't think that our diet cuts is crowd out there I don't think they put down there Four or five Donuts Jelly filled Chocolate covered 438 votes Music 2 food 11 health 11 Don't buy it TV in the movies 12 National News 17 World of Fairs 20 Georgia's Fairs and job performance 24 Local issues 26 Hockey 26 Yeah We believe you're Rimmer You clown Sex 36 Sex 37 Religion 46 Neal's personal adventures 51 I might have a diet iced tea with my lunch Or just a little bit more another tidbit Okay for this Politics 59 And internal WDQAM shenanigans 94 Hands down man Imagine what the way here the inside crap All these people over here so I don't too much inside stuff too much inside I die Yeah No way Can't get up at the moment I still tell you that right now And that's a nice rotten hateful sound And at the end He says his third All they want to talk about Right all these stuff Is he really? Yeah? Is he really such a miserable prick Yes he is Oh that's sick Does he really like the way Really despise him like poison You know there are a lot of people they tell He gets a beast blown off of that show How about Carolyn How about How about those not so idle threats about Z? Yeah Or until we out of that on the year And had it like him to relax him into a corn And they think it's sick And it's not sick It's too bizarre to be real Yeah I got the Z I have an lunch and stuff Playing golf together Should we take a call or two? Yeah we're not They made the call Why not take it 560 560 How come I'm doing it? No don't Why don't you kind of slip Very interesting how Like segue from me being here like Hey you out On the day that I'm sick And these these things help a little bit in the beginning You know Yeah These recall eyes But then after all Don't strain it Vale it at any time I'll read the numbers Yeah Now let us told 25 Do you know how to get here Yeah Yeah See a 560 560 Ive of the licorice on the beach this weekend. I've spent a lot of time on the beach. I live on South Beach and I jog and swim and fungave and everything else out there and I always wonder to myself, what the hell are all these cops doing rolling around and gigantic SUVs out there? I mean, I mean, are you looking at doing that? I really don't know what they're doing. They're leading a walk obviously and I don't know why they don't have motorcycles or you know ATVs or something like that. What are they doing? Kills and people. Yeah. I mean, that was just terrible. I mean, this guy should never work again and I mean, the most of them are so arrogant. I mean, what do you mean, never work again? You should be let go from the forest for that for sure. And then that's as much as you'd happen. I'm just letting go from the forest. Personally, I think you should be locked up. But I, you know, you can't really go out and say something like that. But yeah, I believe it. I should, I feel you should be locked up. I mean, I saw the story about the girls parents coming into town. I mean, I just can't imagine the word for that fan. This was this was one o'clock in the afternoon and broad daylight. Please, arrogant, for these guys, they're right around with their arrogant attitude. Thinking they're so great. They're not paying attention to anything. I just, I think I don't need they should be out there to begin with. They can patrol on foot if they feel it's necessary to patrol the beach. Even on a horseback. Something. Yeah. It's not a giant. It's not a giant. It's the five time SUV. Right. I mean, I like to the whole thing just got me shaking out just as I say. I say, I say, I say, I say, I say, I say, I say, I agree with that. I agree with that. I agree with that. I agree with that. I don't want to come off on and too strong. I'm sure he'll be back to work in a few days. You never, you never, you really believe that? I do because I mean, I don't see people sticking up for the little guy. I've seen sticking up for the police force. I read the paper today. A couple witnesses were saying, oh, gee, I've got that officer's really shaking up. I feel sorry for him. Oh, I've got this girl. Yeah. Okay. Good luck to us, pal. Thanks. You're showing the excellent. Thank you. Stay off the beach. I'm sure we have a good, we got a new formula now. Right. Yeah. He must be really shaking up. You know what, you know what? This makes of all over again. It's that. It's Max of the FBI agent. Right. I was just like a friends at the FHP. The same thing, you know? One thing about South Florida cops can do no wrong. No matter what it is, right. You've got a feel sorry for them. They got a heavy burden, you know? In fact, it's a matter is he was tooling around there like a wild man according to one account. Right. All day today, they have the witness account and some video tape, not of the other, before the incident, but no, sir. And by the way, no, sir. And to where anybody who was coming. And of course, when you're laying on a beach, you're not like constantly looking around to see if like any gigantic, he's coming. No, no, I'm not. What are you going to do? Right. I'm usually got my eyes closed or uh, yeah. I'm not something else. Right. Shame on you, officer. Shame on you. A typical soft Florida F and disgrace. 1227-560 QIM. What are we going to do? We're trying to say it's over and over again. And what I found is a lot of times something a work for you once and your brain kind of outsource itself. And you can never go back and do it again. If you haven't tried balance for life, you have nothing to lose, but all of that weight. There's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, just great results, like the beast is getting lost over 50 pounds. I guarantee we've saved that punk's life. And once his head starts drinking normal size and now we're really doing a good job form. They deliver your little black sack to your door by 6am. No matter where you are every morning, whether you're at work, whether you're at home, whether you're at the massage partner, three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks are right in your black sack. It's all prepared for you. It's all fresh and delicious. They're chicken dishes and beef and turkey. All kinds of good stuff omits and fatatas and you name it. Nothing prefabricated, nothing frozen, and they let you pick between two choices for each one of the meals every day that you're in a program that's the only choice you'll have to make. They do all the figuring for you based on the zone diet. So like I said, the food for the entire day is a new year and have to worry about buying anything else and the weight just pours off your body. So let balance for life help you lose the weight to real delicious way, call 9-5-4-5-6-832-29. They'll give you all the details. 9-5-4-5-6-832-29 or check them out on the web at balanceforlife.com and no time at all. You can look better than the lovely beast. 9-5-5-832-29. I got those checkered pants. Okay. Oh, it's somewhere we're going to have some of them filled fond of paradise today. I know Hank Goldboyk and I had our differences in the pair, but it's been brought to my attention that Hank is arranged for some beautiful women to join us in our flushly affirnted studio. Yeah, exactly on the Queens from Key West. By the way, something. Yeah. And as an escape to me, that's around the knee-width women. Is a good way of keeping me from getting raped, did it? Yeah. This hair is a big joy your mid-a-dian respect from Hank. Bigger than his pants. Yeah. And they're coming in now. Ooh. Put your teeth back in. It's... ...made easy. Oh. You may gather around the knee. Hey, that's good to look at your voices. Yeah. It must be heavy smokers. So, uh, what do you know? What do you say, dear ladies? Oh, it's fine. I won't grail in the back there, but it's not that good, you think? Yeah. They're a way to make it something. Ain't you, uh, a perimation? Oh, it's you, ma'ol. Ah, you can't be perimation. You're a dirty, do-do-do-do. Perhaps, but I'm still in better shape than you. I had no good... You got some knife walking in interest like that. Would you mind sharing with the court exactly why we were asked here today? Oh, I certainly, it's an offering of peace from Hank Goldboy, good. And the hell of God, isn't it? You, Mo, who called the Key West Queens Agency and said, help me? My show is dying. No, it's not true. Why? And wasn't it, you, Mo, who said, rapes not funny? Okay, okay, yes, it was me! It was me! I said, rapes not funny. I submit your honor that Mo submits. Wait a minute. I feel real. What the thing? My girls, let's make it my girl. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I've got a flag. I've got a flag. No, no, no, oh, no! No, no, no, no, no, no, no! And I got it here! No, no, no, no, no! You! You! You! For, for, for, for, for, for. Twenty, seven to one, five, six, six, take you away and boy. This is the easiest show I ever did, even easier than those pole building shows, you should, really. A chocolate stick Pour off, easy a show he ever did. What does that mean? That's a joke. It's the easiest show you never did. Right there you go. This is great 476 votes and he stays quiet just just know that you're gonna pick it up. Hey you took a do the show now bet Easy spick what a giveaway So in other words there was never any Extension of sympathy or I hopefully he'll be feeling better soon or cropped Wrapping or something like that from who from my good close personal friend in a morning who preceded us this morning Well, I only heard that you know the last two minute crossover thing there not a word not a thing Then I understand you know how you know they're busy sometimes they back themselves up. They don't have a time. He's backed up Y'all that keeps tell me he's his bag. He's back up as well. Y'all he tells me You know, Y'all he with a squeaky voice that your rose gun into QMM many years ago He's one of those people that shows up and never goes away. Oh, it's speaking of those guys So evidently judge McDonald's you know who does the pants against on a radio right Gerald he is making a full court press because this season. Yeah, we only got about 20 games to go And next season is like touching go. I still hear the rumors that the panties won't be on QAm next year that they'd rather have the heat All right, so so Jaldies now in this Jocking position where he can and his buddy mole. I guess this is what in the payback For Galdies sucking up him all the rest of the time to keep his job is that mode joins in with the the jugs sparing Can we say that sparing the jugs sure in the back sometimes quantum jugs McDonald's all these other terrible terrible things shame on you mo You old guys like you and jugs on a stick together I'll use 65 plus a 70 plus guy. He's 50 something. Yeah. Oh my god From him. I think he left the first digit on he says he's in his mid 50 Here's Miami. Hello hey, you sound better Neil. I am a little better. Yeah, I call them out front line But let me just sit the mob it. I wish they were half as funny as the bits to be honest with you. The show you mean you're no kidding I listen the first the last five minutes waiting for you to come on Pacific and Gail is the main the one thing I don't understand with Gail these domains thing that's been there all along and that shows sucked Ever since he's been on there. Yeah, I don't want to act him anyway the front line thing I thought you watched it so I didn't call in the making a comment about it But first of all you can you can look it up online and second of all the just if it was When pop a bush was in power there was a man in the Pentagon who wrote a report saying since the USSR Fell and we were the most powerful nation in the world We had the right to go out and stop the crap out of any country that wasn't a democracy and we would make them a democracy And when pop a bush ready report you had a fit that the idea that the United States would even consider behaving that way They put the report up up in the up in the cabinet and when now when GW after World Trade Center thing the same guy brought to report back to him and that's the bush doctor and it's almost word word with this guy wrote You have the right to go out and kick the crap out of any country. We want a pre-enter strike or anything And it's you had to really see the whole show to see how it works. It shows the struggle between colon pound and other guy For how the United States would behave in the world different look for what no, really Richard Pearl Libby one of them No, no, I never heard of this guy before I don't know what I can't tell you his name It wasn't that name that I heard before the guy who wrote the report But they said him and his group are the extreme our hawks in the Pentagon and Column powers been trying to fight them all for ever since he you know he Against them and their policies instead of being diplomatic in the world just go out and kick the crap out of everybody That's basically what the show says and Gw adopted adopted that And I hope you feel him better. Okay. Thanks a lot. All right, bye. Yeah, let's let's kiss it around that we had a president who listens to the more moderate Allamacena's party all the time. Sorry in this that show the board again right wing fanatics Well, we can look it up on the website on pbps.com Can frontline sounds like a bunch of pink O comey propaganda to me. Yeah Oh You want to take no I purposely left to see what you were gonna do there. I purposely did that because Carlos made a comment before and you suck me to do in this without even my realizing You know the a tons for your conversation back and for all of us Something like I'm doing a show again I was supposed to be here letting a little oral suppressive. That's all I'm the slick spec. Yeah I have some things that I wanted to talk about but you have no interest in any of that so we can you like what one like You know, so what is it this celebrity full-crap reality show and And the sisters while we already did discuss the sisters on the beach the transplant and the markets in the tank Oh, that's right. I wanted you to keep on him abreast of that so we wouldn't have to flip back and forth All right, but that's now 150 then I stack about 20. I was gonna talk about transplant girl And how we shouldn't be creating incentives for illegal aliens to come here. We've been through this. You already said that. Okay And you don't want to talk about dare devil about what dare devil. It's number one again, and it sucks It's weak dare devil with your best close personal friend Ben Affleck. Oh, that piece of crap. Yeah. Yeah So you don't want to talk about that. No, I don't. Why would I want to talk about when I haven't seen it and I will not see it But he's talking about he's probably got some opinions Sorry my other tight. I've seen the pictures. Okay, not interested I'm towards to describe Ben Affleck in his current condition old troll. Okay. Okay. Fort Lauderdale Hey, how are you? We're great. Good. No, I just won't you'll say, but you know Well sure It's just for a report. It just as I felt that the cop that ran over those two women should be made to serve their time in France in a prison Oh French prison. Yeah bad height on faith preferably Okay, how about our elbow Elba oh Think so elbow maybe or maybe time the elbow room. That would be okay. I heard they still have Napoleon's penis in storage there It's you are the fact that's a true story They've got his penis Hollywood alone. Okay, I do it all right Before we blame this cop about what's happened. Let's really take a look at With all the warnings about skin cancer. What are these girls doing land on on the wall? Oh Oh They would have died from skin cancer sooner later anyway. Yeah Sucks the light of the here. I'll tell you that right what's cool. Sure delighted to be here Hey, where the weather's cold, but their hearts are warm right that's right good good point down there They weather is warm, but their hearts are cool hard-hearted sons of bitches. Yeah, and for that last guy Right coral gables hello Hey, how are you doing? All right Sorry, thank you. That's Yeah, I wanted to talk about that front line show The color just a couple calls go I did a pretty good summary of the of the show kneel But the name of the organization is a call policy for the new American century P and ACP Mac you can look them up on the internet a new American century dot org and you can see their plan written out as a doctor that the color was correct It's a doctor. We talked about that about oh several months ago. Oh, yeah Absolutely, but he was he was mistaken that the bush didn't pull it out post 9 11 They have this all day after Poppy bush Wow, was not reelected right had to rule another candidate that would follow through on their policy That's right. We clearly just had the nerve to interrupt their plans Which is why they tried so desperately to get him in peach and get him out of office So they so they can get controls again and get back in there and continue over the left off And that's why they had a steal the election is a question about it That's really in the show. I really went over about how wolfowits Richard Perro and Condy rights We're training bush on world policy to try and train them You know who are with a good the quote good guys and bad go outside according to their policy And remember the reporter asked them do you know who the president of Pakistan is? Yeah, sure he he couldn't even find those places on a map Well, that's absolutely correct, but I believe that that was part of a bush's obfuscation here Pretending that he didn't know who the leader of Pakistan was because he didn't even have to pretend believe me well Possibly, but he was being briefed during during his election campaign He was being briefed on the pros and cons of whichever you know Muzzlem or dictatorship or whichever kind of leader would work on out or quote our side and And this is what Condy rights and Richard Perro these were the groups these were the group that you know cost up this plan And part of it is exactly part of it is course is this pipeline deal that's going across afghanistan Absolutely and I just read in in The New York Times or somewhere on the weekend that apparently this pipeline deal has been signed up to move this pipeline through afghanistan The petroleum I've got right here the petroleum ministers of afghanistan Pakistan a Turkmenistan on Saturday Reach agreement to invite India for multi billion dollar pipeline to carry Turkmenistan's natural gas to the Indian Ocean by Afghanistan and Pakistan But remember now it's not about oil right it's not not oil Isn't nothing but we but it was already well documented that before 911 that the Taliban were good buddies in We were kind of work with them to build this afghan pipeline and then when they turned tail and they decided to side with the bin Laden Then all of a sudden it became the bad guys They were pressing their women and they were pressing the men and all of a sudden they were evil There was just like now discriminant about how Saddam Hussein gased his own people But back when he was doing it number one week we sold him a gas and number two We didn't say a guy dancing about it and couldn't care less Yeah, all of a sudden we're all indignant because he gased his own people Yeah, how are we kidding? Well, you know there are questions about whether that was gas used by hit by Iraq or Actually by Iran exactly because the Kurdish population that Iran didn't have doesn't have any Or how's we say any love for the Kurdish population there in Northern Iraq so there's a Of course gasing was a horrendous war crime on any Population but they put the way that Bush and Powell and the rest of these guys continue to lie to us repeatedly with this false evidence These are impetable crimes kneel and I think that we need to put your breath man Thank you 1244 got to go 560 QA and guys size matters big time according to the Florida Department of Labor Computer Professionals about Really big ones and of course we're talking about paychecks according to the state of Florida computer careers are among the highest paid in the highest demand Fast-ranking up you achieve your new high-paying computer career in just four short months Fast-ranked got locations all over town. So this body one nearby you they're in Kendall Miami for Florida and Pemberpines Would they evening and we can schedule this absolutely no excuse to stay in a crappy dead-in job Make in a Paul Presum and working for some schmuck when you can start making big bucks So collar friends at fast-drain right now 1 866 fast-trained That's one 866 fast-trained they got full-time job placement and guaranteed financing to call fast-trained toll free and get yourself on a way to a real serious job But a big fat paycheck 1 866 fast-trained or check them out with the web at fast-trained.com That's too sets of lips Packers and it's looking simply North Korea is too risky bomber rack If we have no allies with the bomber rack If we think that's almost as far away So to hell with the inspection's less the cup for the election's closure mind and take directions bomber rack Fall in line and fall the borders bomber rack For our right-ex means our borders bomber rack disagree will call the trees and let's make more net love the season even if we have no reason on Look at this funny. Oh, what sorry I was just distracted by Mark Anthony's monkey face over here on E since you're showing clips from the Grammys and since I didn't see it I want to see what people were wearing oh my god and I think we solved the mystery of the Indian monkey man. There he is Really, I think there was a more monkey looking man. He couldn't be the monkey man because we liked a monkey man on this show anyway frontline If you go to a PBS.org and just take the programs go to frontline or just to do a search for frontline the war behind closed doors The evolution of the bush doctrine and Starting tomorrow from our store for 25 starting tomorrow you'll be able to see the whole program online Okay, but in the meantime you can you know read or print out kinds of Right, oh, okay. I just mentioned because I didn't see the show and I'm sorry that I didn't because obviously was well worth seeing I like people reading to me But nobody watches PBS so they're huh, Phil Diehue does so I gave that later on you and nobody watches him So you know something common So I was worried that we were gonna have time to take all these calls before the next break since we backed ourselves up And we would since there are no let's just take that break Since you're in any call we could read the results of the poll one more time since we're hungry We want to do that triple digits for that first place place in Turtle door 92 votes See and you're absolutely wrong because I didn't even let you give the results of yesterday's of the Friday weekend pool until like at least 935 and 940. No, I thought it was earlier than that. So we blew off almost the whole first hour I'm just mentioning that. Okay. That's a good excuse anyone right They heard your voice. I mean 493 votes Which of these things you like here and most about is the best way to say this which are these the topics objects In terms you have shenanigans 102 politics 69 You're making that up Neals personal adventures 57 religion 56 64 George's sexuality slash job performance 29 or sexual performance 29 local issues 28 hockey 28 World affairs 24 national news 17 TV and or movies 12 health 12 Went from zero to 12 like just like that and I shot 411 and music only three that's it I don't suppose an on 500 vote now until 1 on 560 W QA Solid queda. I'm a little embargo slip fastler Tony and slips ride underneath our nose hat Pawon Slide Cuz we're all gonna now Jimmy Carta thought he was using his head And the farmer's a guy he went to talk to now is dead. And my queer. That's what you get for eating nuts and drinking Billy beer. Hey, bomb, slime. Hey, bomb, slime. Smoking drink does wrong on the dice. Shit it's here for feast because we all are gonna die. Where you dumb enough to think one day we'd all become allies. Or it's a one on five six six two a.m. I'm really excited about the results of the poll by the way. Because we got to have conversations inside this building where people have had them with me about the logic of airing our dirty laundry. Really? Like back during the bow and Joe show. Remember when Joe cast a loan had that altercation. That was great stuff. Yeah. And he, I mean, how could it not be funny? He spat in all of under her boobs for Christ's. And there were people who, who's this day, Clarence to court their line. Oh, Clarence tells you that nobody wants you the answer. Let me, let me say something. That wasn't a good quote by a stick to sports clearance. Okay, stick to something you know about because talk radio is definitely not one of them. Okay. Stick to sports which is marginal. Forget about women because they already forgot about you. And definitely stay out of talk radio. Okay, Clarence. See it was because Joe cast a loan had asked me not to repeat the story on the air because he was afraid that he might get in trouble over the altercation. Asked screw that. Okay. I think that would be such a pussy. Well, yeah. It was way too funny. I think Joe was winking all the while that he told me not to say that on the air. Yeah. But here's a fact I heard on C-Span yesterday that there were repeating the front line to MPBS Wednesday, 9 to 10 PM. And I'd be a good day for that. Because Wednesday is, um, what are they calling it again? Oh, the National Virtual Mark. Right Washington. Virtual March Wednesday, February 26 and supporters are calling on everybody to the facts. We mail senators and the White House during business hours. We'll talk about that more tomorrow and Wednesday. Of course, when happens at 26 and also. This is cute. You read this. David. This is at a crisis. You want security council meeting this morning. Colen Powell requested a final chance to convince the world of claims that Warwood Saddam was the only option. A hushed silence fell over the room. Coffey, Annan. Mr. Powell, what proof do you have that Iraq has weapons of mass destruction? Colen Powell. We kept the receipts. All right. Cute. Pretty cute. Thank you, David. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Neil? Yes, sir. How you doing? Couple observations. You know to talk about getting a liberal voice. I would like to nominate you to debate that bombastic buffalo rush limbo. He couldn't debate his way out of a function condo. I know because I've had a- Well, what I waste my time doing that. Well, listen. Don't you appreciate a condo, at least to see his fall apart? Well, don't you understand he's preaching to the choir. Don't you work? That's what I mean. It doesn't make any difference. He wants not relevant. He wants to debate anybody. Maybe his but Revado's chicken hawks will know who he is. And now let me give you something else. You know something about Mr. GW was in a minute alcoholic till he was 40. I want to know one thing. What you know about alcoholics? I know about alcoholics. I submit that he is so hot out of the house. Okay, sir. Okay, great. Have a nice one. Well, hey, that's really. We've been doing pretty good today. Carl's body of put on his old buddy, Doug. I mean, I mean, I mean, what the guy is saying, you know, he's coming from the right place, but he's also coming from a hundred. Okay, that's the reason we stopped doing tapioca. We'll talk radio a long time ago. Those of us who had a mind and a brain and had this desire to survive and eat and, you know, do those things. Have ratings. Have a future. Right. Look at all the other top stations that are still thriving and breeding. That's how the L.A. Wippers never. Oh, yeah. We put on a young boys to get past Carlos. Well, boy, that sure wasn't easy show. I did their fill in and for you today. Yeah, sure wasn't easy show. You did. He's the cake man. He's like a falling off a log. He can manage his next hike three to seven from Shula's at seven o'clock. Hey, quick to win shows with your sore throat. Oh, sorry. And a Shula's think he's going to be eaten. Sip goes panthers preview. Panthers and the sabers at seven. Go see the panthers tonight. The sabers of panthers are red hot at the macaroon. Any can after the game, Joan Mark, who's written our poll, Rimmer. Then the watchers show 9.5.6. We don't need to wear my uniform or a nail.