I'm gonna draw for you to me baby. I'm gonna schedule with you today, huh? Oh, I'm gonna win her. That was MOL. But think I've hurt you. Well congratulations, Gennelide. You fell in love with her when she was exploited for reasons of the version of the evening due was. And now, Dary Shival is back, singing holiday favorites, the whole family can enjoy even if you don't have one. And there you go. I'm gonna put your girl inто offer. She'll make her put the bag out of her fort. Oh sure her move is not on. Oh yeah, hugchod of herinander. Whaaat? Whaaat? Whaaat? Whaaat? Whaaat? Whaaat? Whaaat? Whaaat? Whaaat? Whaaat? Whaaat? That cherry put your winner go above with this incident. Whaaat? Whaaat? Whaaat? Whaaat? Whaaat? Whaaat? Order your Terry Shival holiday seating today. And happy holidays on behalf of your journalists everywhere. Whaaat? Whaaat? Whaaat? Whaaat? Whaaat? Whaaat? Whaaat? Whaaat? Whaaat? Whaaat? Happy birthday Terry. Such as it is. Tays your 40th birthday. Aren't you excited about that? And how was it invited to the party? And of course great minds work alike. George's birthday is on Saturday December 6th. Jess? What? What about the whole bunch of other people in the building on December 6th? We don't know who any of them are, but at least this week. But anyway. That should cover it. Have a birthday to all and to all a good night. Good night. Good day? On the Eaveteries Shival's 40th birthday last night, the independent guardian appointed for the Florida Woman at the Center for Right to die controversy. Said him in his court order report that she is in a persistent vegetative state. Kind of like Greg Reed. Would no likely have improvement. Kind of like Greg Reed. Dr. J. Wilson, the guardian Adlydem. Did you ever hear that before? Nope. Well that means legal advocate. I said. And the reason I know that is because it says so in parentheses. Dr. J. Wilson, the legal advocate for Shival submitted his report to Florida Governor J. Bush yesterday. On Monday, findings made public yesterday. Wilson also recommended that more testing we done in the case to satisfy the contentious nature of the litigation. Shival's husband, Michael Shival, says he's following his wife's wishes to let her die, while her parents' Bob and Mary Shiner are fighting to keep their daughter alive. Keep that tube going, baby. Keep the old tube shooting. The doctor writes that all the evidence in Shival's file supports the contention that she cannot take oral nutrition or hydration and cannot consciously interact with her environment. Kind of like Greg Reed. But he does not directly recommend the Governor- where it's a recent executive order that re-inserted Terry's feeding tube. Bush said in the statement after he reviewed the report, nothing in Dr. Wilson's report leads me to believe that the state should be lifted at this time or that Mrs. Shival should be deprived of her right to live. Or right to live. Oh brother. It's just pathetic is what it is. You're dealing with a bunch of crazy people. Yeah, I like that asshole that Ohio, which is now not just happy going after the interstate but as well as the targeting elementary schools and, um, what did I tell you, America, crazy people would guns. Crazy people would guns. 111 votes on a poll yesterday. Now before we get to the poll result, I would like to say this that we have a checkered schedule today. Would that be a kind way of putting in? Man, what's going on in that place? We'll be before we do that. Here's our usual call online nine. No good morning. I think it out. Take it out now. Oh, Terry happy birthday sweetheart. Anyway. Oh, this is so cruel, you know, because it's not a funny story, but you might as well laugh. What are you going to do? Sit down and cry. She's in bad shape to put it mildly. Anyway, speaking of bad shape, that'd be a good poll question. What's in bad worst shape? Terry Shival are scheduled today. Thank you, I am. First of all, the moment was out again this morning and we're having investigation in that. He's got the credit, I believe. And he was a no show. You think it was something we said? Oh, I don't know. What do we ever say? Joe Rose was there this morning between 10 and we're here today between 10 and 2 and of course being Wednesday. It's really like that phone he wanted to hour. And then things start taking a turn for the bizarre. Curtis Stevenson does a damn good job, but he's on 2 to 4. Nobody has any idea where mad dog he's in hiding. Oh, right. 4 to 7. The booster is on. In place of the Humper. And all I can say is. We like room. Yeah, well good. He makes it for breakfast. That's enough sign. So Boob Shambi would be on 4 to 7 and it's very appropriate. Duff was rationalizing that whole deal because a lot of Marlon news last few days. And the Marlon's actually flying in the face of the usual criticism of South Florida. The resigning catch the O and this one and that one and they're on to go ahead and the mic. Lowell and now they're on a verge of resigning and they don't want to send punchpacking. Right. Yeah. Not the worst in sending a punchpacking. So while they're working on punch now. And so it looks like the Marlon's are going to keep most of the team together. So I'm sure the booster will have lots to talk about. That plus is orange here and his observation about Hank's breast reduction and his predictions for successor failure. 111 votes on our poor yesterday. Who would you like the most seen retire already? That was our poll question. I think a pretty good one. More Howard David and Larry King were in a just in a lip lock there for the longest time. You know what? They were neck and neck nose to nose. Hairpiece to hairpiece suspended a suspender. Checkered pant to checkered pant. Line green to a lemon yellow. And all of a sudden, more pulled away like there was just a laying out. Who would you like most to see retire already? More Howard David 314 votes. That's a good one. Wins by a mile. Larry King did well though, 193. I'm coming in a very respectable, especially after we left him off for a long time, a respectable third. I miss this so far, ain't it? Don't I miss a dead man in a chair? I don't know if they, I mean, you gotta have somebody watching some time on MSNBC in order to justify keeping that thing on the air. Don't I miss 139? Jerry Lois 114. Hey, lady, my face is so fat. Hank Glovers speaking of fat is head 63. Bob Barker 58. John Madden speaking of fat 49. The Elijah speaking of fat 44. I was like kind of in mid-pack. Yeah, mid-1%. Mid-packing. Barbara Walters 41, I had to turn out barely. Paul Harvey 27. We just filled in 22. David Horneley had 19. On that, that goes to sure that there's no interest in the Marlins. And then Reno 18, Danny Boy, coming in last place. Nobody don't like Danny. But David Horne should have had. He probably should have beat out Mo when he came right down to it. That call on the Marlins winning the World Series is so egregious, so unacceptable, so grotesque, so bush league, so pathetic. Even the rimman who's a friend of David Horne, even he said it was just awful. When he called me yesterday, right in the middle of passions, quick call me in the middle of passions. Okay, it's on 330 to 430 here, remember every day. Don't be called in the middle of passions, call me any other time except during the show and when I'm awake. But other than that, is that now 30 to 430 Canadian time? A. Are you remember that expression? It's A. Okay? Yeah. Well, in Canada we said a little bit to what we say. It's okay. But anyway. Well, River called and he was distraught over the fact that I'd forgotten entirely about the panthers being in my field a little bit a weekend. In the fact that he was there and he was sitting in his hotel room all a block away from my hotel. I'm being able to either one of us Saturday afternoon waiting for the game. Just sitting there, twiddling his thumbs board is crap. Whether it was horrible. He said we could have gone to lunch. Well, I did go to lunch as a matter of fact for the different of my way. I had a lot of great meals. Oh, speaking of meals last night was my big kind of like mini reunion. And you know what? It was great. I've no regrets, no complaints. I must confess. See, now a lot of people, if you have any, if you're vain, like somebody we know, that's a loop. Then you'd be concerned to see somebody 43 years later, and they see how old and fatter and ugly you got. But I don't, I'm not concerned about that. That was the least of my concerns because obviously he had dressed and looked away. I do. He can't be concerned about any of that. But I don't know. I just was worried after all these years. What are you going to have in common with anybody? Sit and talk about for hours and hours. Three hours and 15 minutes later, we left and concluded a fabulous dinner at Ruth Chris Statehouse, which I bought last night. Yeah, but dinner, remember, was great. Man, I had maybe the best revival ahead of my life. You can tear him apart. What? You got a crush on who? Remember? Why do you say that? That's two meals he missed out on. I told him that yesterday, I already, he said, oh, which one? I said, there's only one. It's one in the Hilton Hotel downtown. Oh, my. They're really good one. Oh, it's a beautiful joint. And the check with tipking over 400 bucks, Canadian. That's OK. I can handle it. I bought. I told him upfront. I bought. And there was nice of them because they didn't go whole hog. You know? I said, order anything you like. And whatever you want. And they both got the petite filet. And then we did have dessert. Oh, man. Did you ever have the banana cream pie at Ruth Chris? You know, I might have that. I had something that I forgot. It's like the bananas are like blazed. You know what I mean? And it's not really traditional pie. It's got like a round pie crust underneath it. Oh, my God. I should've eaten that by did. Wow. Wow. Seriously, Ruth Chris is outstanding. You know, you can give me a solid dance. All you want about shoelas. And I know, sure we make a lot of money from shoelas. So we love shoelas restaurant. But the fact that I'm at it was I don't want to eat in the steakhouse where the menu is on a football. Okay. Now, it's just a little bit too sportsy even for me. You know, actually for even for a jacks sniffer like me. It's a little bit too. What the menu is on a football. Yeah. I'm just supposed to go ahead and say to the waiter. Give me the ball. Give me the ball. Give me the ball. I just can't do that. They throw it out. You're from the other side. As opposed to the beautiful ambiance of Ruth Chris steakhouse. And believe you meet a one here is just, oh, gorgeous. My all are. They're all nice looking. But the atmosphere is great and it's not pretentious or stuffy. You don't have to go dressed up in a zoo suit, you know. And it's just to anyway, these are two of my high school friends. David and Jenny that I haven't seen in 43 years. And we've been communicating on the work at web on the internet. And they happen to be in town to see a play and they say, Hey, let's get together. I said, sure, I'll buy a dinner at a great restaurant. Which come to fight out. I was only a block away from the hotel. I was staying at the Sheraton Center. And so when you meet at 7 o'clock last night, like I said, 3 hours and 15 minutes later, we had the talk. We had dissected and chewed up everybody that we ever were in class with. And it was great. It was a fun time. I enjoyed it. And we'll do it again. You know what, I mean, it's not having ever gone to the reunion. See their reunion people. They've been going to reunions a lot for years. But having never got it any of those. And then also having seen the pictures that Dave emailed me as some of my classmates. Who could have passed for 75 80 easy. I was a little bit trepidated. I would like to play the trepidation contest. But it turned out great. So don't have any fears unless you're a vain asshole out there. And you're worried about what are they thinking about the way I'm going to look at. And they looked okay. They looked older than me, which is not a lot older, but a little bit I would say. Which may be feel a little bit better. I'm fairly well preserved for an old fart pickled. I'm pretty well pickled as a matter of fact. I am going in for my breast reduction next week. I want to see how it works out for the hump for today. See if his settle into place. 10, 12. We got a couple of good polls for today. And let me just elay some of the fears and rumors in the history and hopes. But I don't really know. Did you get any response yet from our moles? No. Okay. Well while waiting for that. About the FRL rumors. Wow. We had to talk about it too much. I'm hearing that that's bogus. Now the reason we'll tell you when we come back. Why that morning? 10, 13, 5, 60, WQM Big News. Big important news. How the Pani IGMC is now. Auto City Pani IGMC of Pani Chris. Put the same great deals. Have no fear. Because they're still here. Our friend Tom Laminate there. No more. He sold leadership to Lamartha Perez of Auto City View. Pani IGMC of Homestead. But General Sales Manager Joe Prieto. A great guy still in charge. And that's what you ought to be concerned about. Stop by Auto City Pani IGMC of Pani Chris. For great Neo Rogers deals. On all makes and much more. To save up to 9 grand. With rebates and incentives. That's correct. You heard positively correct. The Neo deals still continue with the new Auto City Pani IGMC of Pani Chris. 134, 01, South, 6, 100. That's US1 across the fall shopping center. Open every day, 7 days a week. Only the name has been changed to protect Bob Eisenberg. For more information called Neo Rogers Neo Deal Hotline. The free 1 Triple 8, 534, 42, 11. That's 1 Triple 8, 534, 42, 11. Keep in mind all offers are submitted credit. The Provalcier friends at Auto City. Almost it is Auto City Pani. What I wouldn't care if I said hello. You know where it is and what it is. See them for details. The new Auto City Pani IGMC of Pani Chris. Low prices without the high pressure. My life and low cost. This is 4305.62. You way too way. No. Moe Howard the Machie Bester. Oh, has a variable this snow. That's tough. When he gets ready for a plaster. Right on the days of his nose will blow down. Everybody hates him. Except a handful of homeboats. Swort holes to low break days. Grab the orange hole that low. One day the wild dressed red green has come again to me. My CTF needs a new hip-like. You mind if I borrowed your veins tonight. There's another line that goes here. But I'm not allowed to measure it with our fluid. But you can do it. Moe Howard not beat faster. That's the cranky bit. You turn. 1017 happy holidays from all your good friends at QM. Those of us who are working today about 3. And that's about it. And Josh that's about 4. And the beast that's about 5. Well, it's just one of those days. Just about 4 in the middle of the week. Huh? That's about 6. Oh, that's right. The beast that's about 8. He ate it. Here's our first poll today. If Scott Ferron and this is based on a lot of these rumors that are being circulated, let me tell you the real reason. But what's that guy's name Carl? What's his name? Was on a morning's on 9. Quarterly. Josh. I'm the last one that'll know. Carl Schmendrick. He don't know. He was looking for anybody else. Carl Schmendrick. Carl Marks. Carl Marks. Anyway, I guess because you know he was buying his way on the ear with that The other kind of like Mr. Ego. No, I didn't know that. Well, he was. He was broochering the time. And most of his potters, I guess with those offshore gaming things which come to find out that nobody can put on ear any more at least with the time being. These those are the Carl Oster. Carl Foster. Was he akin to Bud Foster? I've been foster. Foster hewitt. Foster hewitt. And what about the Stephen Foster? What was Stephen Foster? What was the song? I don't know. Oh, some great Americans song. Come on. Stephen Foster. You don't know what song he wrote? Say it if you know it. I don't know. Some great Americans. Talk about the media and the other room there. Anyway, there's a committee doing what? Trying to take it the name of that song. Oh, I don't know what it is. Oh, you got me. That's just embarrassing. It's like it's as American as Apple Pie. It's like see the USA and you're sharing it. I wasn't that one. Well, Chevrolet and Apple Pie and hotdogs. They kind of go together and die in a shore. She's still dead by the way. And she was still Jewish. Even though he didn't want nobody to know it. That was kind of embarrassing that you. But, uh, will not you bet your life. This is your life with Ralph Edwards. I thought of that a million times. Her name was Fanny Rose Shore. Okay. And when they brought her relatives on there and talked about her real name. It became obvious that she was a Jewish. You know what that, but that real honey drip and so that accent she had. I don't know if I'm going to show her anyway. What the hell am I talking about? Say it goes to show you. You know what, you know what caused me to do that? That reunion last night. I see. Because now that I'm old and I'm hanging out with my old friends from my old days in school hundred years ago. Now I'm like talking about old crap. Pretty soon. We're going to be talking about old people who died. What we do that every day anyway. You're in a time of a gratuit in early. Oh, Stephen Foster. I'm going to have a look at up. What is it? I said I'll look it up. Uh, nobody knows that. Nobody around, but like you mentioned before, no one's in the building. Well, like the mad dog and the Hank would know that. Hank might know it. Thanks a man of letters. Stephen Collins Foster. Uh, Versa Taltown professional songwriter. Well, here. Oh, this is WPVT. There he is. God, Danny he was ugly. But anyway, let's see. What did you write? Uh, that, that, that, that, that. Swanie River. Did you write that? I don't know. No, this is a movie called Stephen Foster. I don't know. Oh, come on. Apparently. You can get, you can get Viagra online from Stephen Foster. Can you? Wow. You're going to rise out of that. American experience, Stephen Foster. The Stephen Foster, the musical. Stephen Foster home pages. Oh, Jesus. Do I hate the internet or what? The music is Stephen Foster. That's the one. America's famous folk songwriter. Died New York, New York, January 13, 1864. Just before the end of the Civil War. Okay. Here's the music of Stephen Foster. Do you think this one will be at all? Are you looking at the same thing? I am looking at search results and, uh, yeah, nothing. Let's see. Uh, most popular songs are, oh, here we go. Oh, so Zana. Oh, so Zana. But that's not what I was thinking about. I was thinking about it. The camp town races. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Okay. Right. It wasn't it, sure. Old folks at home. My old Kentucky home. Oh, man. See, if you are a horse racing person, and you went to the Kentucky Jersey, they play my old Kentucky home before I know that. They made us play it on the recorder. He was a liferound here. He didn't see what it here was. General Annie, beautiful dreamer and the voices that are gone. Now, which one of those is the one I was thinking about? It certainly wasn't Osu's aunt or camp town racers. Must have been camp town racers. Get out of town. Maybe it was a mile Kentucky home. That must have been it. Anyway, how'd we get into that? Oh, because Carl Foster was the guy doing the morning's on the 940. And lost all of his sponsors, basically. So he couldn't afford to keep the thing going. That's the rumor. So a lot of other people have started the room. They've been running an ESP and radio or some crap in the morning and lieu of a morning show. And the rumor being that, for real, and still gotts are going to be doing mornings over there. Well, I mean, the idea of still gotts doing a show anywhere. So just tragic. Although it was fit right in over there in a home of the revolving radio shows. All of who the hell are we to talk today? But nonetheless, so here's the poll today. If Scott for Rell 1 on the air on mornings on another station, how would that affect your listening? Well, this is kind of convoluted. I think you're going to have to look at your computer at your monitor screen. And you're going to have to like absorb the choices. Okay? Well, no, you know what I'm saying. How about it? If you're listening, I'd still listen to Moe. I don't listen to Joe. I'd still listen to Moe and Joe Rose. I listen to Ferrell and Joe. I listen to Ferrell not Moe or Joe. And no change. I don't listen to QM before 10 anyway. Lot. See what I mean? Very complicated. Which I like. It'll get your juices flowing a little bit. Especially early in the morning. That's like that rubbs felt wrap with the no no no no no no no. No no no no. We know what we didn't know. No no no no. No no no no. It's got throw on the ear mornings on another station. How would that affect your listening? I'd still listen to Moe. I'd listen to Joe. I'd still listen to Moe and Joe Rose. Moe Joe. I listen to Ferrell and Joe. I listen to Ferrell not Joe. I can't even keep up with this. I wrote the poll. No change. I listen to QM before 10 anyway. That's a fabulous poll. The second poll will take leaders about that big fat dark guy that they police often Cincinnati. Which we do have more on that later. Another dead GI in Iraq. Oh, a US military spokesman reported that a soldier died yesterday after a explosive device hit his convoy is that it made continues about the number of Iraqi casualties resulting from US forces response to weekend ambushes. That whole thing you know in the Samara. They got about 45 different stories about that. The soldiers convoy to one who was killed yesterday from the 550-15 years group of the fourth infantry division initially called in the wrong location. The laying the arrival of a medical team to evaluate and evacuate the soldier. Coral's official said the soldier was dead on arrival at nearby medical facility. The incident took place south of Samara 75 miles north of Baghdad. The same location is the weekend ambushes. Tuesday's death was the 441th fatality of US members in Iraq. The 333th in hostile actions. 441. Now what number do we need to get to? A thousand? Two thousand before you people finally wake up and say this is madness. This is lunacy. These people are died. Oh, we can weapons in my destruction. Not only were they not involved with al-Qaeda before, but now they are. And we've stirred up the hornet's nest and now Iraq which before was nothing to worry about as far as terrorism was concerned. Now it's a hotbed of terrorism and lunatics of fanatical groups. They're not allowed to come in there from everywhere on a planet. And we got service baby and it is to watch our people are dying every day for no reason at all. I just mentioned that in passing. Isn't case anybody cares? Do you think most people care? No. Unless it's somebody they know unless it's a family member or loved one friend. Whatever. They don't care. And that's why it's going on because the public doesn't care. Oh, but the economy is going so good in the market is up again today. And Ted Davis out there since it's a good buying opportunity. Yeah. See if that's how selfish the American people will come that they don't have any value on human life of their own people. Much less as poor bastards you wreckies who are supposed to be emancipating. But I'm telling you. We're emancipation by decapitation. Right. Emancipation by elimination. We're freeing them from life. And like my mother says, there's no right nothing like elimination. Alan K says, I'm often amused when I listen to your Miami bashing rhetoric. I guess in part because I've always worn rose colored glasses. After hearing from my 10 year old son, what happened in public school, recently, I see where you're coming from. Well, I'm going to read the rest of this after we come back from the break. Then that like me, I could lead you right to the edge of your head. Nice teaser. Yeah, little tease when in doubt tease it out. Just like, maybe I was busy teasing his piece before we couldn't come to work to say absolutely. Yeah, we got a very screwed up schedule that ain't no mad dog. No hump or humpers in there for that gigantic breast reduction. Yeah, I can't wait to get to report to him. What he looks like after kids all finished. Because I'm just to go for it, you know, let me to buy him a card. You know what they tell me it does. Get put to the notion in the basket. That's what I'm hearing. And there's nothing like putting the lotion in your basket. That's what Pavell told me. Or are they? Twenty seven past ten at five, 60 WQAM. It's the most wonderful time of the year. Who sings that? That at the. That's a nice. So, does that math is, was it the African queen? I know he's saying a lot of criticism. Johnny Mathis saying it's the most wonderful. He had the most famous recording on that. I think Stephen Foster wrote it. Thing. On last, it's not so great if you hate the crowded moths long register lines. Parking hassles all a madness that goes on during this time of the year every year. So make your gift giving a little bit easier this year for you and your loved ones. I get certificate from dollar mattress. Call them right now. I think that's what I'm going to give the Georgian Lou of cash this year. What? Call it a mattress from dollar mattress. But I was going to have a spare. That's good for it. You mama comes over for a few weeks. Hey, Latuia. Call and now at 1-800 mattress and give the gift that they'll be thinking you for you and you're out. Dollar mattress has gift certificates in any domination and new bed for the master better makes a perfect gift that you'll all enjoy the whole penny for years. At dollar mattress, no phony promises, no bait and switch just discount prices every day on the brand names you know and trust and love. Now, including Stearns and Foster, you know it. Dollar mattress has got the guaranteed lowest prices on Stearns and Foster anywhere. And when you call dollar mattress 1-800 mattress, you know how it works by now. I hope you still picked it any time for your delivery with an any tour window. Seven days week from 8 in a morning till 10 in night when it's convenient for you. And they show up on time. They take a part and remove the crappy old stained nasty smelly bedding and they set up your brand new window extra charge. How can you beat this dude? You can't. On the sales practice is fantastic service every day low prices. Same day delivery free set up and move a little. It's easy to see. Even a moron can see why dollar mattress is right number one in the world and customer satisfaction. So, for service like you only dream about called dollar mattress like I always do 1-800 mattress, 1-800-MATTR-ES or online check them out at mattress.com. Happy holidays from our your piezons at dollar mattress. 5-800-MATTR-ES or online check them out at mattress. 5-800-MATTR-ES or online check them out at mattress. 5-800-MATTR-ES or online check them out at mattress. 5-800-MATTR-ES or online check them out at mattress. 5-800-MATTR-ES or online check them out at mattress. 5-800-MATTR-ES or online check them out at mattress. 5-800-MATTR-ES or online check them out at mattress. 5-800-MATTR-ES or online check them out at mattress. 5-800-MATTR-ES or online check them out at mattress. 5-800-MATTR-ES or online check them out at mattress. 5-800-MATTR-ES or online check them out at mattress. 5-800-MATTR-ES or online check them out at mattress. 4-800-MATTR-ES or online check them out at mattress. 4-800-MATTR-ES or online check them out at mattress. 7-800-MATTR-ES or online check them out at mattress. 8-800-MATTR-ES or online check them out at mattress. 7-800-MATTR-ES or online check them out at mattress. 8-800-MATTR-ES or online check them out at mattress. 9-800-MATTR-ES or online check them. 8-800-MATTR-ES or online check them out at mattress. And instead of eating, I might have to eat, call you like these. Instead of staring at night, I'm streaming new hot stone coffee. And what the f*** is that we're fighting over these f***ing handles so late please. How do you feel? I feel like I'm not going to be a f***ing handle. I feel like I'm not going to be a f***ing handle. I feel like I'm not going to be a f***ing handle. I'm not going to be f***ing handle. Tell me please. I'm a true, I lonely, true. I can't be married because I need room on Christmas. Hey little boy, I couldn't help but hear. I'm feeling left out of Christmas cheer. I've come to say that you shouldn't be sad. This is the one month that you should be glad. Because it's nice to be a jewel on Christmas. Alright, you don't have to deal with the season. No. You don't have to be on your fancy havia. Oh, give to charity. You don't have to go to grandma's house with your alcoholic family. I don't have to go. Today's fan is class and have a treat to think that fun. That's right. You're a jewel. I'm smiling you. It's a good time to be a jewel. Oh, I'm Christmas. Y'all. Oh, I thought he did something at the end of it. That's why I was waiting. Huh? No. I thought he'd be a married Christmas. There was something like that at the end. I'll be there. Must have a wrong deal with you. I see. Well, I'm lost. We got to hear the end of that nice and clean. 1034 or 560 getting back to Allen K's oba before we do before we get back to the facts. Which I'll read in its entirety because it's very distressing and disturbing and typical. Uh, this poll is shaping up as a real barnburner. You know what? 78 votes real quick like and it is the last for all poll will ever take until the next one. If Scott for all on the air mornings on another station. How would that affect your listening? 78 votes. No change. How do I listen to QNB410A in any way? 38. I don't know if I phrased that right today. What do you mean? I don't know. Uh, I listen to Farell. Not more Joe 20. I listen to Farell and Joe 17. I'd still listen to Moan Joe Rose 3 and I'd still listen to Moan but I don't listen to Joe. His got. Oh, rhymes with Moan Joe. The big O. Wow. How do 78 votes? That is just a barnburner right there. Now, you know, yesterday he wanted to retire pulled by a wide margin overlerking. Hmm. How maybe that was the deal this morning. Maybe Moan was finally decided and a rare act of decency to give everybody a break and retire. And just stick with his dog and get him to get him out and get out of everybody's face. Just take the mind of the bank would be good. Sure. What? You don't think? No. I mean, if I'm looking at it, especially if I had a gigantic eagle like he does. And I'm looking at this pool today if they put Farell on against him, which is the room where we're starting big time now. After seeing the pull result, even though I don't think it's going to happen. I still listen to Moan. I don't listen to Joe. Zero. Zero. It's just changing again. Maybe he hopped on his computer. No, he's still got a 91 votes. He's still got the big gun. None. Woo. Oh, you wanted to why? I was singing that song because I saw the biography show on Andy Williams a few days ago. I remember I told you. Yes. The most wonderful time in the world. I couldn't think of it, but yeah. And the most wonderful time of your career was somebody Andy Williams. It's so I would listen to. Oh, this is a fabulous fact. Thank you so much for putting a smile in my post on Hollywood. Chronic. PS. I would listen to Comerad before I listen to Moan. Listen to Comerad. Listen to Comerad is kind of like watching the test pattern. Same thing. And of course you're not a little not to remember the test pattern. Sure, hey, Harry. What would you order that? Remember the test pattern? Not first. Back in the eight. Back in the eight. There's a television. But there was only like two networks. I think I think like CBS and Dumont. I believe. I don't know. But at any rate, some of us networks didn't come out in the flight 340 afternoon. Till it was how did you do the time when we kids got home from a school. And we said, how did you do the duty? And before that, it was just that test pattern was on all day. Is that the one with the engine on it? No. That's the one with the engine. The Indian? Yeah. What one with the Indian? There was a test pattern with an engine head on it. Get out of here. You think of those buffalo head knuckles. Trust me. Anyway, Allen cases, I'm often used by listening to your Miami bashing rhetoric. It's not rhetoric, Allen is you're discovering. I guess in part because of always worn rose colored glasses. After hearing from my 10 year old son what happened to him in his public school recently, I see where you're coming from. Yes, Toronto. Recently, my son's class at a public school in Coral Gables was asked to write a short essay Other meetings about Christmas and presented to the class. My son who is Jewish, Oye. Nevertheless, completed the assignment and during his presentation said, Among other things, he did not think Santa Claus was real. How revolutionary. With that, the outrage teacher banished him from the classroom and directed that he write an essay on his behavior. Thankfully, my son stood firm refusing to believe that his statement about Santa was somehow a behavioral problem. In his essay he wrote that he didn't think he should change his belief because that was the way he felt. Since when in this day an age or children in public schools required a write-in and talk about Christmas and punished for sitting there beliefs, can you recommend the good place to live in Toronto? Regardless, I'll give you a chance to ask him. We'll give you a chance to ask him. We'll give you a chance to ask him. There's a similar story that I would print up in fact, but for some reason this computer hasn't been printing. Hasn't been behaving right. Well, I think it's the, I don't know, there's something wrong with the connection. I think it's just you start looking for them, Steven Foster songs, and that the camp town races came up. I like it. But there was a similar story that made the news saying one. Oh, there's a vote for it. School listen to them all. But I don't listen to Joe one out of one twenty two go ahead. Oh, wait for it to come up because I can actually read it off of here. It's short about some Jewish kid being having his boss, but he's a... Oh, and Broward County, you got to be a kid and me, Mr. Broward County school officials have arranged for a visit from Santa after a teacher told students he was not for real. School officials said that a teacher, a seat at AC Perry Elementary, was discussing childhood favorites like the two fairy, with her students when she was asked about Santa Claus and she told that, don't be discussion fairies with us kids teach. He doesn't exist. The teacher has since received counseling on Big More sensitive to students. Broward officials made an emergency phone call and had arranged for Santa to visit the calf, the calf, the classroom on Wednesday at 9.30 a.m. to help relieve the students' concerns. This is a public school in Broward and Broward County. Right. And they're bringing in a fake Santa to bring in a lot of students there. Right. So Santa's for real and don't be so concerned and don't have an nervous smith and it's set up and so on. To set them up for a big let down later. And I'm glad you reminded me of that because every year at this time I enthusiastically and fanatically announce even though the kids are in school now. But I announce very loudly and clearly, hey kids, if you're listening if you're out sick today like more, there's no Santa Claus. It's a fairy tale. The lie your parents told you, just like the God Bull Crap. The two fairy Santa Claus, God, all of these things. Just lies that your parents made up because their parents told that lies before them. They're not perpetuating. I think there's a public service on the show we deserved that the honest deserves better than more lies. So while you're 30 and 40 and 50 year olds out there, I hate to break the news to you. There ain't no Santa Claus, okay? There's plenty of fairies running around but no Santa Claus. What are you doing? You're supposed to be a little spicy, huh? You a M. Don't you go back to Canada, you too bastard. The holiday season. Everyone loves Christmas Carol's, but until now, no one has ever written holiday songs about that other big holiday this time of year. That's why I said until now, introducing kind of a Carol's on CD. If you can't hear the song, it's always my that Christmas, this ain't something new. If you did, there's no it's been your love, I'd like to. I think it's like a candle as it gives you powers and powers of how the baby's sick to get you into the other spirit of the season. On the day of song that caught my mom on the day of home, eight hours of shock with us seven slaps of corn, three six foot eight o'clock, a five years of year. If you're tired of the old traditional song, the holidays, there's a whole new tradition you'll get tired of almost before you know it. You better buy gifts again, come on sale. You know how we date to baby's hair. Ah, that's hard, it's coming. Chul-tall. Kind of cancels on CD. It's the holiday collection you just can't give us over. And 45 at 560 WQA and once Hanukkah star December 19th or something like that, I believe I could look at the calendar. Look behind you there, Josh. If you got one of them, Duke calendar's on a wall back there. Look at the 19th there. Look at the print. And what does it say? Or wait. Begins at sundown. Like on the 19th? Yes. Well, see, the 19th is two weeks from tomorrow from a Friday, right? Fifth, 12, 19th. Yeah, it's from Friday. At sundown on Shabbis, no one. Chulukkah, now you're going to be spinning your drails, I hope. You know it. Eat in canados and spin in your drails and have in sex with young Maitles, lighten them in Nora. Uh, Panthers bid to refinance a rena de lait. Oh. Oh. I don't know what angle what on today. The Brown Card Commission yesterday deferred until later day to request by the Florida Panthers to refinance the debt on the office depot center in sunrise. No reason was immediately given by the matter was pushed back. Although, I think the story we had yesterday should give you some pretty good ideas. They've got some great crepitation about that too. The Panthers say refinancing the rena de lait would provide the team in the county with an immediate one-time payment of $12.6 million since they got a real cash flow problem over there. But only the team proposes keeping 60% or about 7.6 million with a county receiving the remaining 40% however, the county would contribute 1.9 million of that five-minute share for a rena improvements under the Panther plan. So, in other words, the county gets pretty much spot like they're getting all along the way and the Panthers would get the Lions share. Our shouldn't have said Lions share. Howard County sold $184 million in bonds to fund construction of the 2019-96 and you know what? It was a bad idea. It's a beautiful building. You ever been there? Yeah. You have for what? Monster trucks? See, there you go. George goes there for the monster trucks and there's some concerts in there. It's a beautiful building but it was a bill of goods that they sold a public. Playing on the euphoria of that big Panther Santa Cup final season that one glorious season and it has to be the franchise. By the way, how about that leave some first place that a vision and almost didn't first in a conference? I was mentioning that in passing. Six wins in a row. How to hell I have no idea. Here's another crowd. Can you please play the South Park Mary Epping Christmas song? Well, we'll do that in one or two hour. How about that? I-e-e. What about putting Carlos Arruca? No, his name is not Carlos. It's Francisco Arruca. Maybe this is a different one. No, no. It says Francisco. He's confused. The Cuban Communist on the maxies of the 1990, Morton's 8 to 9 on your list. I found myself listening to the little socialist bastard from time to time. So is this chronic fracture? Francisco Arruca. See. Have you ever heard of him? Yeah, he's just rips, you know, the exile community, the right wing exiled. Why do you come all ready? He just rips them constantly. Francisco Arruca is the best radio show on him. What time is he on? I don't know. And he's known like Ricky Ricardo, but his English is perfect. Oh, so typical of a soft Florida, no-sphigating, less community men. Don't confuse them with the facts. I don't know what time he's on, but he's really good. I've never heard of sure, but he's really great. And the idea of Francisco Arruca, if that bitch had heard his show, she wouldn't have been touting him. Yeah. Well, you know what? You know what? He was probably too busy listening to. I give up. I'll give you a little hint, okay? He said I'd eat, I'd give you a little hint. He said he'd eat, I'd give you a little hint. He went the way, he'd say, I'd give you a little hint. All right. All right. All right. I'll open the door. I'll open the door. I'll open the door. I'll open the door. I'll open the door. Sweet. Oh, and it's now official. See, the cruise was a guy. Oh, it's just official. I just got the word came in. Right across my table. So redeemed. 170 votes on his poll today. And things ain't looking too good for Mona. What are he's done in the dumps? You think was something we said? Well, what now? I was speaking to something somebody said. Where have you got that Joe Rose thing? Because I don't have it for me yesterday. Oh, on me. Have you got it on you? Well, along with looking for it, thank you to whoever facts in the test pattern with the engine on it. Like I kept trying to tell you. Well, my test pattern long before you were born didn't have no engine on it. It just was like around circle with like things sticking out from it. And it just, uh, and that was it. Maybe you just didn't notice the engine. Howard from Boca. Oh, wrong one. What was he talking about like that? Howard, don't let very Jackson in this stuff. About your show is not entertaining. Get to your man. I hate seeing you making comments about it every day on your show. Let it go, man. It's okay. You don't have to go around calling Barry Jackson. All right. I know he's not listening because when he's off the air, he goes up the boat. He said he doesn't listen anymore. So it's okay. It's okay. I'm listening. Oh, okay. I think you're in Howard and I would you. Anyway, uh, 173 votes. If Sky for Rell Lone on the ear mornings on another station, how would that affect your listening? No change. Had a listen to QM before 10 a.m. Anyhow, 74. That's 42.7% of the audience. Holy crap. I listen to Frel and Joe Rose 45. Well, that's that's pretty good. It listen to Frel like from 6 to 8 and then Joe Rose 8 to 10. We'll take that, right? Sure, what else? I listen to Frel not Joe or Mo either. What I'm 39. We don't like that. I still listen to Mo and Joe Rose 12. In other words, they stick with us all the way from five and a.m. to the 10 and I still listen to Mo. I don't listen to Joe's 3. 3. That's 1.7%. So you got one? Which 173 votes won? I called in England a Patriot guy, which I'm embarrassed about that. And who's the other one? Oh, stuttering Steve, the Emarlin guy. And then, of course, Richie from Boreshead, although they was an all day long because they're chronic. Mark the Jets fan. And a bunch of other Graham. Anyway, that's it. That's a deal. It's not looking to promising. And maybe some people in the audience have got some more scuddle about what's going to be on 940. Not that anybody cared until this day because Carl Foster was under Sing and Dixie. Whatever he was singing for my old Kentucky home. But once he lost his internet gambling, his offshore gambling deals, he just ran out of business and he couldn't afford to keep that thing going. I guess that's what I'm hearing. That's a laged. I don't want to state that his fat because we hear a lot of crap. But I have that from a pretty good inside source. Here's something really shocking. But before we do it better take a call or two because they might have the information we're looking for. WQAM rumor line. Oh, no. Oh, that must have been the teacher from that guy's kid and crawl gables. WQAM. They're doing got a star report. Okay. Uh, you're welcome, please. Speaking. If he could. But he can't. But he can't. He was going to say, would he kill what he if he had the chance if he could. Now, how do you like that? And you're telling me what were you saying about him? I was like, I thought he was a crap. He's much, see Reverend Jones on occasion is amusing. Even though you can't stand him. He on occasion is somewhat amusing. All right. He is. Okay. Even though he is over does it by a mile when he says, You're gay. I mean, that's kind of it. And itself is a, what he has never made a call that was interesting. I'm using a desire to anything. All the years that I've been doing is 100 years have been doing this crap. Uh, he just, he's an asshole. That's all. See, you never saw him. I did. Remember when we were a new action, of course, taking up that asshole's parking spot. But what's funny is he's funny. One day, I'm driving out of there to a clock and here comes this car around a corner and he rolls down the window and I, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, buddy, buddy. It's what he. It is much of an asshole as he is on a phone. That's exactly what he is in person. What you see is what you get. Major, major asshole. And right now he's squeezing himself because I'm talking about him and you're responsible for that. So I'm going George. The panel's still in baby board and Bethlehem draws crowds, but before we get that straight, this goes to show you all your religions out there, especially at this time of the year. It's a good time to passing along this message. What a power crap at all is and fairy tales and silly garbage and people all over the world killing each other because of it. Did you see an India again in cashmere and Kushmir and Tauhs there in cashmere. They had another big incident, just a couple of days ago. The Hindus and the, uh, who is it? The Muslims? It can only be. Yeah. The Hindus and the Muslim Muslims were like, I'll tell each other because, uh, you know, they just can't get their story straight. A baby board in Bethlehem is drawn crowds by the thousands even more than it was alopez's house. Palestinians in West Bank town revered by Christians as Jesus' birthplace have been strong in all little town of Bethlehem. That's Johnny mattress. He sings that to an A-waves. All the going. Uh, revered by Christians as Jesus's birthplace have been strong into the adjacent A-idah. A-idah refugee camp for a glimpse of the 11 day Olympic and New York holiday. Miracle baby. Oh my God. Wow. The boys gained attention from being born that a large birthmark across his cheek that roughly forms an Arabic letters that aim of his uncle, Allah, a Hamas militant killed by his ready troops after he was led to a plan to suicide. The family devout Muslims called the day divine message to support for the Palestinians against Israel, though some local Christians preparing for a subdued Christmas observance of quietly dismissed it as laughing any religious significance. Yeah, these are probably the same people that are a squeeze in the shot of Turin. And are running a slump and over to see that the burial box would geo, Jamie Christen it. When I was saying, Jamie Christen it. That's right. Jamie Christ are you back again? The Israel, it just doesn't have the same impact, you know? Jesus Christ are you called again? Jamie Christ, it's just, it leaves you limp, you know? And the Brad Pitt still wants to know what's in it. The Israeli army to climb combat once the security source said it sounds very freaky, the family denied any hoax. Wow. The security source said the baby's uncle was shocked at eight months ago with suspected of mastermindy gay bombing that killed 12 people on a Jerusalem bus in November 2002, craling the baby in her arms the infant's grandmother, Isha Ayad, 58 set her son, severely joined the Islamic group, Hamas, shortly after it was beaten by Israeli soldiers. She said the birthmark was assigned the soldiers can kill our sons but not our spirit. Remember spirit, I got a sign on you? Yep. On your face. I got a line on it. Well, whatever line across your post. She voiced hope Israelis and Palestinians would make peace and allow her grandson a group free from violence. As she spoke. I guess that roadmap is still a little rocky and Israeli army patrol fire tear gas that's stone throwing you to nearby. Just kind of like in a background. Yeah. Now make a good footage on the night we lose. We are 560560 pound, 560 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. So all about your fairy tales, are you kids out there, okay? Don't listen to all those lies. A lot of people lie. They shared an important accomplishment. There's another one, chronic liar, even worse than Greg Reed. WDQIM? Oh, hello? Yes, sir. I was looking at how this said, oh, chronic. Yeah. I just want to sit and hold my hand and cry. I'll throw that. I'll sit and hold it. I told you at least he's amusing at times. I'm in a bizarre way. I like him, you know? Okay. You remember in the hit your that thing with Rucker Howard and see Tom's cell? Yeah. And it was like something going on there, you know? Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha. Reverend Jones, it's the same thing. I like to wipe the smile off his face. And like with a baseball band. A radiance, dumb ass dirt. This, dismiss, you don't want to old-fanned anybody on your holiday gift list. Ah ah ah. He's been the new politically correct non-denominational holiday record. Who could possibly take issue with songs like The Lovery, who could possibly take issue with songs like These? Oh, I can't believe it. Yes, we've taken that, you know, out of Christmas. Make everybody happy. Get your copy of the non-denominational holiday record today. Wayne, what other world are you supposed to do? That's the one we are prepared to take on. What are all these today? Some of you are happy to be back home. Are you working for Will Heicle? Well, today has only had you home. Have you ever run away from your home someday or get something from reading your picture? HJack Mobile? Nice to meet you!�iny Day! was Chief Thundershut who used to be on how to do the. Remember Chief Thundershut? Nope. And Prince of Summerfall winter spring and Mr. Bluster? Nope. And Dayton Allen? Why not? Book of Brian does. Because you know far like me. Anyway, WHAMTV Channel 6 in Rochester, a Stromberg Carlson company. And but you never had a Stromberg Carlson TV? No. Well, you're lucky. I've told you this before, but it's worth the, oh, and here's another one. WTV J. Miami. Right. And it's got like a railroad crossing thing on it. Stop. Look and listen. That's cute. WTV J. First, my mind's kind of dark. I mean, Florida. And there's no Indian on it. No, but there's a poem three. Channel four. It is like a very bad looking palm tree. And then there's the railroad crossing signal there. Stop. Look and listen. WTV J. Of course used to be Channel four and then to became Channel six and Channel four became WFOR for why we don't know for some reason. Just bizarre. So anyway, that's the dealer with the test pattern. One of them had the engine and there was did not have. Right. And probably the guy in Rochester who put together that test pattern, he was probably a. So that's why it was not the test pattern. 567 056, the pound five 60 on the AT and T in Verizon Wireless line. When you see the results of this pull man, you're going to smit. You're going to drop gigantic loads all over that chair. If Scott for a while on the year mornings on another station town, which there's a lot of people spreading rumors about that, but we're finding out it's highly unlikely. How would that affect your listening? 221 vote. No change. I don't listen to Q and before 10 a.m. any house 98, 44.3% 44.3% of the new Rogers audience says we don't listen to Q and before 10 a.m. or more anyway, that is that's scandalous isn't it? No. Now do you remember when Ferrell was doing and I'm not not good Joe because Joe's demand, you know Joe Rose who's taken him to a permanent maybe not and him and Geldie and give it to somebody. But anyway, that's a quite an indictment because remember we took the pull with the win for Elvazon and it was a much smaller number. But nevertheless, I listen to Ferrell and Joe, which will take half a loaf is better than on 57. I listen to Ferrell not Moor Joe 51, 21.6%, a precipitous decline I think would occur. I still listen to Moor and Joe Rose 16. 16 would forego the pleasure hearing. Big rack. Big rack. Big D are friend Ferrell. Moor's former friend and I still listen to Moor I don't listen to Joe for one. 1.6% out of 236. You think it was something we said? 5.670560, pound 560 on the 18th of the Sunday Shannon here man it is toasty and Toronto. For all you people don't want to get out of South Florida with all nasty, hateful, angry people. It's already a toasty minus 5 Celsius and going up to a high of minus one today and what that is. With a sunny and no snow, no rain, no craved just nice sunny and crisp, crisp and queer man just the way I like it. You know line 9's going to be good WQAM. Yeah, you were talking about Steven Foster before? Right, Steven Foster hew it. The old song called Old Folk's at home. That's the exact same song that goes way down upon Faunee River. Right. Well, how come that wasn't listed on that thing that I read there on the internet? It should be a good idea. Steven Foster, I know it. Thanks, pal. Isn't it ironic that on Thanksgiving, the world's biggest turkey goes and doesn't direct. Exactly. Yep. Thank you Neil. Got a couple. Yep. Yeah, we're, I don't want to go back into that thing again. Okay, just so it's nauseating. In the fact that anybody buys into that, I mean, such an obviously staged event just like Hillary. See, I'm not even being politically partisan. She went there with a dog and pony show for a photo op and Afghanistan and Iraq, but he upstage you're an Iraq, which I still say that tells us that they're crapping their pants about her. Okay. I'm serious. I know that we both have difficulty understanding why, but she's the dark horse man. She's got just like a Prince Charles's about what's her name? What is her name? Camilla. Parker Bowles. He's got her bowls. He works kills and she bowls. My bitch is she does bowl. I mean, game. She probably has about a two, three average. But anyway, Hillary, she just, you know, got upstage there by the bushmaster because she's got them very nervous. So we had to let go in. And now they're saying that the British airways thing that was all made up. There's no British airways investigated unless the guys just absolutely terrified none of their pilots confirms any of that about spotting air force right. That's pretty those rumors or about the conversation any of these things. Not that our government would lie to us, we know that. And more than your parents would lie to us about things like Santa Claus and God and Jesus and Abraham and Moses and know how our David it looks. It looks like that. Ancient things like that. Charles and dear field beats says to mine all is the test pattern with the Indian honor was never used by a licensed TV station as their actual test pattern. But in fact, was used as a logo for second city's TV show, which aired out of Chicago in the 70s, which gives us comedy greats of John Belushi, John Canning and several others who are dead, who are named not named John still live. They're starting show business. Thank you, Charles and your field beat now. So the one that you sent me from Tulsa was that not for real? I don't know. Is real? Right. To peek off, you go to Israel. You'll see the test pattern briefly tell your TV blows up. Right, there it is. Anyway, here's some good news for you for all you four years out there. Yeah. From the New York Daily News, they don't make things up like the post. Good news for Paris Health and lawyers may soon take a break from watching the hotel. Eris is infamous sex tape to check out at a home movie starring Baywatch, Babe, Genelly Nolan. Excellent. See, I told you I had some good news in the middle of all the southern depressing stuff. We got nobody working today. They're taking a busman's holiday. They're not fooling us. Mad dog is off. Humpers getting the brush transplant. Uh, Mo was out getting a penal implied this morning. I can't tell you where was implanted. Anyway, Genelly Nolan was talking to her lawyers. If today after she was informed by the New York Daily News, we informed her reps that the explicit tape was due to debut on the internet in the next few weeks. Keep your eye up, field for it. You're right. Stop and think about that. A dispersion. Keep your eye peeled. Yeah. It doesn't sound good. That sounds how to appeal to me. God. Someone who says he's seen the tape tells us Nolan made it a few years ago. She was still married to Greg Falman, a video producer. They made it at a hotel. Says our source greatest operating camera. I've actually known because good as Paris Hilton's husband, but those his name Rick Solomon. God. Come on. Jesus Christ. Two weeks ago. Wait, wait, wait. Her cell knife. That was a hotel. She's not married. Well, her boyfriend. Whatever she was banging. Okay. How to Rick Solomon. He's a good looking guy. You wish no less. There. And then Solomon probably came to me. Anyway, they made it at a hotel. Says our source figuratively speaking. Of course, Greg is operating the camera. Genelly is in a Brian panties. Oh, right. Apparently she'd recently gotten breast implants. I'm actually the hump or what to the same joy today. She got her. She's complaining. She doesn't want to take off her bra because her breasts are hurting her. Her hands getting breast reduction. Not implants. You don't need those. Greg and Joe Rose all the way by the way, city would loan Hank his and he ten needs him. He was talking this morning about how he's got a big puppet in gigantic breasts. Greg gets her to take it off. Then she does want to take off her jeezed ring because she has an appendectomy scar. Then he says smile for daddy and she agrees. All right. According to our source, Solomon joins his wife on camera and a sort of reputations that's ordered to be every bit the erotic fest be in not lesbian, fest be in her former very watch castmate Pamela Anderson was on her honeymoon tape. Speaking of a gigantic phony breasts. But before long, Nolan appears to tire the routine in bites. Fallman is sensitive area. And it wasn't the fact, though, to be sure that according to our source. Fulman, the father of Nolan's son Spencer says he's shocked to hear their love making may reach the web. I had absolutely nothing to do with this fallman told the National Enquire. Absolutely nothing. If I ever did a tape I certainly would not be involved in marketing it. Two years ago reports claimed that Nolan had been learning to make a kinky video in 1993 by David Filer. Did David Filer? For husband one month, her rep for Jerry Shandrew said he was where only of some embarrassing photos which were never published. So keep your IPO for G.L.A.L.A. Nolan. Well, Periscillus becomes small potato. Since this guy's a video producer, we can be sure that the lighting will be a lot better than it was on that Periscillus' Hilton thing. Ma, what anybody want to see Periscillus' Hilton even, I mean, doing anything. She's nasty, you got an nasty postman. Well, the good news is you can't really see much anyway. Oh, really? That looks like it was shot with an infrared night scope. She looks like somebody put a nose clip on her shnops for about six years and he just had it there. Or maybe it was stuck in a vice for about two, three months. We got more on the Cincinnati business which will take our second poll on that. We got a lot of important calls that we're going to take today. That was, I still can't recover from that. That was so perfect, you know? And you don't like him. No, you despise him. Yes. WDQAM. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Two things. Number one. The reason that the Palestinian Christians are having a subdued Christmas is most of them have left Bethlehem. They've bugged out, man. Their muffler buddies are just kicking their butts left and right. Yeah. Well, there's a lot of people fighting over that holy land. You know what I'm saying? The holy ground there. Neil, I highly agree there for a long time. Secondly, one of the funny things I heard on the radio yesterday while I was between before your show. I went over to Zeta, I was just thinking, well, this will do this for a couple of seconds because Dr. Laura came on. Oh, yeah. Well, no, wait a minute. Oh, Dr. Laura came on I would be. Yeah. There's Schmidt Cannon, her she's going next. I know. And she was talking about that. I didn't want to hear any of her Nazi garbage. Right. So I turn over to Zeta and Caster Noble is interviewing Hector Macho, Kamacho. Oh boy. It was like interviewing a head of lettuce. Mm-hmm. That's Monday. Next Monday he's doing that. Yeah. Well, it was about the same thing. It was like head injury, help line. The guy was I thought he couldn't speak. He started singing some song. So I called it up and I said, what the hell's going on? They wouldn't let me say a word. They wouldn't put me on the air. We can't rip the champ. We can't rip the champ. Don't keep going on. I'm like, what the hell is he put on there for? Yeah. We're channeals that we're going to do it. And I'm like, oh my god. That's why I'm over our reason that I'm so happy I'm not there because I can't hear that here. Not that it would anyway even if I were there. But I just even by accident, I can't hear that. I almost had an accident. I'm 95 when this guy started singing to some song and Paul Sister and goes, he's done, man. This dude is done. And it was true. The guy was totally out there like he was totally wasted. And he's sitting there wrong. There. Yeah. I'm going to pause there. Yeah. And this is a more interesting thing. Well, I think Stephen Foster wrote that one. Have a great day, pal. I have a healthy. See you. Two. I don't like you two there. Two hours. Anyway, uh, uh, I think it's hard to think. Yeah. Yeah. Macho come out to he's going to be on with us a week from circus. Look at that. Paul, are you astonished or what? Are you just almost breathless? Like Jerry Lee Lewis 274 votes in an hour. Lust an hour. If Scott for a while in a year mornings on another station, how would that affect your listening? No change. I don't listen to QM before 10 a.m. 127.46.3% of this audience don't listen before 10 a.m. and not a bunch of sports nerds. Almost half tough clearance. Greg. Wow. I listen to Farell and Joe 63 Farell and Joe Rose. I listen to Farell and not more Joe at all 59. I still listen to Mo and Joe Rose 20 all the way through. Maybe I still listen to Mo not to Joe though. Five. Mo no Joe. Five out of 274. That translates to 1.8%. Mo but I'm very slightly almost perceptively and honest that. Yeah. Just a little wee tiny bit. I'm sure he's got the got some respect for the house. They're probably all voting one by side by each as we speak. We've got something to be said by golf. Listen to the radio. And call in on some of the shows and also call what's his name? Very jackass. They're probably brown bagging it for lunch right now. That's probably what's going on today. I'm listening. Brown bagging it with bird jackass. Just like Joe Rose said Mo quit making those calls. Okay. Get your ass back into work. Do the damn thing. There are plenty of big bucks. Get in there and perform admirablely with gully even though he hates your life poison too. Hey imagine this. Imagine Todd Drek drowning in a bathtub of sulfuric acid. And just go right on the drain. Oh man. Imagine zero closing cost in the next mortgage. Zero application fee. Zero credit bureau fee. Zero discounted points. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. It's the revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group now with an interest rate. It just 1.95%. That's only 738 bucks a month. If you have a 200,000 alone for example. Once you refinance or get you a new home mortgage from financial group, you'll never ever pay closing cost again. So fight out about it by making that tool free call. There's no obligation call 1-800-940 land grab real financing. Power with low rate mortgage you can move to the next property without further cost of expense. It's the only one mortgage from financial group for the sales. It's 1-800-940 land. It's a whole new way to buy. There's zero underwriting fee. Zero. fees. Zero prepamment. Pedalize zero closing costs. Even when you move to another property. Get yourself financing. It's just 1.95%. Call 1-800-940 land. Never ever pay closing cost again. Call financial group 2-day 1-800-940 L-E-N-D, the Renekal Housing Lender. Restrictions apply. Rate subdued change monthly 5.19 APR. RIGHTS IN LOCAL. Here's sports radio 560-Jewing. U-A-M. Were you fudge back? Yes! Yes! A rack. This is my collection is backing up traffic. A-A-M. Cuts looking for anything. Parlagraphic. Take shares and did eat those packed in boxes. They even took the big way from the list. Okay. Never land rents smells like monkeys and llamas. Little boys wearing those trapdoor pajamas. Michael with secrets. They watch when they pee. And haul them up to left-air thinking tree. Rack them. Tenipers wearing tricolor vibrators. Under real panties packed in the dumb waiters. The girish comes rustling superman rings. Those are up to you. Obviously pretty things. Michael Jacko. He's a black hole. He's going to jail. Look at the look at it. Well, this wrong-be-right-it will keep me enticed. But his bear is well. Are you sure? 118-5-60. Happy Wednesday to avoid. It's just beautiful. Sit and hear. Look at that sunshine. A bright sun. No one has crisp and clear yet. Not a cloud in the sky. I bet it's almost up to minus four already. You know? No, it's now you see your laughing. This doesn't bother me. I'm not like, I will say this when it's windy and nasty. And it's snow and sleep like that Saturday and Montreal. Oh my god. No, it's still minus five. It's just hanging in their study. And tomorrow it's going to be sunny and 35. Oh, it's a Ronald. So I do that just to piss off Castor Noah. He's given weather reports for Toronto. Who cares about that? Well, I do. And if people live here do, hot and nice people, by the way. So you need to go back to Alan K and that very disturbing fast. We got in the first hour by this kid of Krogibles school, whatever school was. Mm-hmm. Uh, I'm not hallucinating. I'm telling you just the way it is. I have no vested interest in telling people that the place that they live sucks. It just happens to suck. I hated. I despise it. I revolted by it. And I'll even go so far as to say, thank you, Greg. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for making it possible for me to have like a life. And enjoy it. You know, and there's no stress here. Do you know the difference between living in a stressful environment? And in a place where, you know, the phone is ringing every two minutes. And a baby crapped on a carpet and a dog just, uh, had wild diarrhea on your hairpiece. And there, yeah, there's no stress. Friendly people polite, courteous people. Nice people. Beautiful people unlike Montreal. And just just a nice place to be. That's all great restaurants. Like Ruth Chris last night. Sure I can go to Ruth's Christian, but I don't want to be there. Go to Ruth's Christian. I can still do it here. How do you like that? With my old buddies from my high school. I heard you do it there. I got it. But the fact, so thanks, Greg. I bet you never thought you'd hear me say that. See, I'm like you. I don't dislike Greg. I don't dislike Greg. Why? Well, wait a minute. Oh, come on. I don't dislike Greg. He hates you. No, he hates you, though, say. Right. I thought it was like Greg hates you. Yeah. I just, I just am troubled by the fact that he keeps doing these bumbling. He's kind of like the, I don't know. Like our carny was on, uh, rest in peace on a honeymoon. It's kind of like a bumbling clown. And that's Greg. He just keeps stumbling and bumming his way into a success. I don't know how he does it when we're making all that money. Got this gigantic building on his radio station. What a bitch like screw in and charge the sales in our buddy. Roy! And all the other ones. But somehow we managed to fumble our way through. So he's done some very nice things for me. Even though he probably didn't intend to. For generally when he does something for you, you got to do something for him like extended a little more. Just keep sticking it out, sticking that a couple more years. Stick it out. Anyway, thanks, Greg. Now what, where did that come from? I was sitting here looking at the view. It's just a beautiful, you know, life is more than weather boys and girls. I'll tell you that two things right now. I know for sure. There's no freaking Santa Claus. And number two, life is more than just a goddamn weather. Like some famous philosopher. I think it was, uh, Henry Thurrow one said. The great poet. He said if it's, uh, good, I'll know it. Now what did he say? Now, sell a Confucius said. He said, there's no such thing as whether that's too cold or people who are underdressed. Was it something like that? Did he say that? I thought it was Oscar Wilde. Noah's Bob Weaver. Below are a few excerpts from a terrific UK side by Darren Meldrum, TV test patterns from around the world. Darren's sight includes test patterns from the BBC. And you see if you were right right here right now, you could turn on your original cable. The time. And there were difficulties of transport for players. The future is already looking right for Iraq. Ranked number 52 in the world. They've already been from Syria and Morocco on their way to Liffin, Be Prince Abdullah Cup in South Euribia. Do you know how to like that? Things are going well. The soccer team in Iraq. There's the BBC for you right there. You want it? You got it. Not amazing. Nothing we wanted to see then. Probably the most famous American black and white test pattern. Like I told you, was the so-called Indian headman of scope pattern. And it shows it right there with the Indian ICN ever saw that. I don't know. Well, maybe I did, but how to how to why no. How does pattern was originated by RCA 1939. It was designed to be generated using a special tube called a monoscope, a CRT which had a metal plate target. On which the pattern was printed. Same metal plate that Don Zimmer's got in his head now. The black lines of the pattern would interrupt current flow. As the pattern was scanned to provide the desired video output, these tubes could handle only black and white. No shades of gray. Hence they had to be simulated either with a halftone dot pattern or with patterns of fine lines. The NBC test pattern is dated 1947 but actually it is back to 41. When commercial TV broadcast began in America, 1941. And we didn't get our first TV set because I wasn't born in 1941. Our first TV until 1952 I believe. And I never did tell you about the Strumberg Carlson with a horizontal Edward Bowdoin hold. No. We'll see there a Strumberg Carlson or a Westinghouse. And in any way it was a nice piece of furniture. It was a beautiful wooden cabinet and you would lift the TV screen up out of the cavity. You don't say? You would lift a little handle and you would lift it and pop it up. You crank it and... Huh? You crank it? No, you wouldn't crack it. No, that was the car. No. No, but seriously, the picture, the horizontal hole was just constantly going out every few days and it was just rolling and rolling kind of like CCR, rolling, rolling and and the TV repairman has got a lot of time at the house. Now, if not, what would have been smart? But she wasn't. And nothing has changed. 560, 705, 60, pound 560 on the AT and CC. Back at those days, you had the TV repairman and the Iceman and the Amilkman. Can you imagine that? Talking about old? The Iceman who would bring it the big blocks of ice and that was what would keep your stuff frozen in the fridge and air in the ice and everything out and then you'd open up and Betty for necessarily stuck inside there. Was it incredible? WDQAM? Yes, sir. Good afternoon, or good morning. Good evening to you. Hey, you talked about the BBC earlier. If you or George can take a look on the BBC website and type in German criminal trial, I think you might find it interesting. Okay, is there a drama spell listed on there? It's either on the BBC or the core Google, either one, German criminal trial. It's about the first criminal trial they have about the German cannibal. A German cannibal? Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm doing it right now, as you speak. This is a weird, weird story. Take a look. I didn't see you. See what you think. Okay, thanks. Hi. I saw a story about cannibalism on here, but I didn't realize it had nothing to do with Germany. Literature on German law, criminal law, frenzy bills for German, oh yeah, that was the same story. I did see that for German cannibal trial. Let's get this out. Okay, what did that print it out? I'm doing it right now. Germans have been both repulsed and irresistibly attracted by the story of Armin, muis, muis, muis, muis, muis, muis, the country's first recorded cannibal ever since the news broke about as unique and bizarre alleged crime. How do you like that? Put that head of elected to shame. When you think? It puts the lotion in the basket. So I'm printing that out right now. Hey, we got a lot of important craft to pass along between now and one. We don't have our regulars to sap know we're a little irregular mom. Sorry about that. We got Curtis Stevenson. We don't have to apologize for Curtis. He's a good broadcast to many good on the air. Curtis is a good guy. He's on two to four for the mad dog. Who's just dead? I don't feel like being in today. You know, that's where it is. He just don't feel like it. Right? Like, notice my hint. Feel like it. He's getting tired of being despised and reviled by everybody else. Even though everybody does hate him like poison. Unlike the mad dog. We all love him like crazy. Biggest still take off. Then we got at four. The booster. The old red head. The booster will be in from four to seven. Not red barber, but the book shambi. But I'm sure heavy duty Marlon talk and whatever else. Pusigray guy. He does a horrible radio talk show. But he's a really good guy. We like him a lot. Okay, I printed out that story. Thank you very much, sir. I saw that and I didn't think it was about Germany, you know? Because the idea of Germans eating people. Yeah, just a little bit, huh? They would never do anything cruel. Ever been eaten by a German? No. Not a 25. Twenty seven past eleven at five, sixty, WQM, hey, speaking of eaten. Let me tell you about the lights of West Boca. It's a treat to eat, to beat your feet on a Mississippi mud. And it's also a treat to shop at the lights because it's the only scour of its kind anywhere. They've got over a thousand low-car products for all you low-car dividers up there and I don't care what anybody says. Atkins' works for a lot of people. Some of the other low-car diets are great if you stay with them. But that's hard to stay with because they're boring. And that's where the lights come in because they've got this fantastic variety of neat stuff to keep you satisfied and happy with almost no carbs. Vagels and breads, cheesecakes and muffins. Brownies chuck a lot of these pasta sauces, chips and dips, soups, ketchups that roll famous carbolite ice cream crunchy pretzels by carb-sense, individual-sized cheesecakes and for delicious flavors. Control-car brownies, seven flavors waiting for you. Jeff's chocolate and vanilla egg creams. The flax-o-meal granola cranberry mac-rages, no maltocol either. Thank the Lord. Judy's low-car peanut brittle. Blitz-stoke mince, champion-like-drix-and-five flavors they're back. And La Nuba-Jams, seven gourmet flavors for you to jam on it. The lights-a-west book also lets you try anything the story before you buy it too. So what's not to like? They're open every day, seven days a week from ten to ten. You'll find them on the northeast corner of glaze in 441. Right next to Boston Market and keep in mind all the atkins' products on sale today, all day every day even on circus, empty-lights-a-west booker. You can call them one eight seven seven low-carb-alow-dw-c-a-r-b-low-carb-run-a-web-look-a-m-up-it-low-carb.com. The lights-a-west book of beyond the shadow of a doubt is your official atkins' retail center. Hi! Hi! And low-rolls! This is 420-560. And way away, yeah! Was the night before Christmas? The whole house was mellow. Not a creature with spirit. Because I had my gun on the depile. When I found the roof, I heard something how. I found the window that I sent you. Yo, keep it down! When what's my wonder and I should appear, but the dawn of all else, and ain't friggin' rainy. When a slotted a snout, and a yank on the mains, he cursed me and shouted me, he called him my name. You're Tony, you're Franklin, you're Joey, you're Vito, you're Paul, you're Vinny, you're Rockle, you're Guido, with sweat-to-back black hair, and a red silk suit, Don Christopher was here, and he broke the loot. As I drew out my gun, and he'd bite a bed. He flinched it away, and slapped me upside the head. What the hell are you doing? I've done it on the farm. No, you get this call. You friggin' moron. Then point thinner finger, right up my nose. He twisted his pinky rings, and up the chimney he rolled. Then I heid him yellow, where I least expected. Mary friggin' Christmas dorm, and his bed is show from a spent. 1131, 29 till noon at 5.60, WCM, so here's the story. A German outreach to hold again. German's have been both repulsed, and he resistably attracted by the story of Armand Mewes, this country's first recorded a cannibal. Ever since the news broke out about his unique and bizarre alleged crime. And the excitement and the media's increased in the final days leading up to the trial, which was supposed to start today and see in his house, 430, and the afternoon's probably going on right now. Perhaps the biggest scoop fell to the developmental amassuntag. Huh? The world on Sunday. I see. A newspaper, which incredibly claimed to have gained an interview with Mr. Buys himself. I have intense and positive memories of Burn the victim he was quoted as saying by the paper, I guess Mr. Burn got burned. And I don't need to have anyone else inside me, he said. Huh? Back to him. In a further spine chilling comment. He was sad to say, I have his face permanently before me, that's the sign of a friend of relationship. The paper also reported that he received many visitors and went for a walk an hour a day as he waited his judgment. Meanwhile, a German TV stationman interviewed with his former girlfriend of the former or a girlfriend of the victim, who said he had no inkling of his wish to be eaten. I thought most guys wanted to be eaten, right? We had a normal sex life, she said. Well, Burn would never have a lot of himself to be killed. It was murder, she said. Arthur Kreizer, one of Germany's leading criminal psychologists, already has an explanation for the way of interest in the case, we thought there was a strong taboo against cannibalism and it was reality in tribes, in former stages of human development. He says, but what we'd see is that this taboo is weaker than we thought. The case is also grave detention because of the illegal difficulties in encompasses cannibalism is not on the German law books, and a per-williness of the victim to die is an added complication. The defense's line will be that the victim wanted to be treated like this that it was his own wish to be killed, says Berlin lawyer Felix Hardenberg. Therefore, they'll try to get to defend it the lighter sentence to maximum of five years without the chance that with the chance that he'll be let out after three years probation, so we can have a few more good meals. Of course, the prosecution will argue that Mr. Mu is deserves a life sentence on the grounds that he's just too dangerous ever to be released, kind like Hannibal Lecter, and Jeffrey Domer once he him no more, anything less would certainly cause a huge scandal. So the case is being closely watched, the courtroom packed with journalists, their pacament. Among the highlights will be the two are video that Mr. Mu took the whole thing of, ah, ah, geez, took her the whole thing on his cancorder. The public probably won't be excluded from this part of the proceedings may have a tradition of open trial says Mr. Hardenberger, but the panel of judges will only show the relevant parts. You know, like legs, thighs, nuts, what the victim is saying in doing before and during the killing. Mr. Mu has said that after his trial he intends to pass the time as ill convicted or writing his memoirs, judging by the interest in his whizley case that it's provoked here that could turn out to be a best seller. How do you like that? Time for lunch? Did they mention the recipes? No, but you feel like it. 560560, pound 560, we're going to be changing the pool at noon, underwear and pools change the noon, 230 votes. If Scott Ferrell went on a morning's on another radio station, I wanted to affect your listening. A lot of rumors about him going on 940, and I'll say it again. Carl Foster went by by because all of them are offshore gambling joints, uh, no more advertising on radio. And since he was buying his own time, the rumor is that he couldn't afford no more. He's done out of business. And the other part of the rumor is that soon before you know it, there'll be Ferrell and Stu gots. Stu gots. Who's a real weiner? 230 votes. No change. I don't listen to QMB410 AM anyway. 149.45.1%. I think we saw it in the October trend. You know it. It's us against the sports nerds. Hmm hmm. Stu and I'm saying. Right. That's not good. I'm I listen to Ferrell and not more. Or Joe 76. No mojo. Just for real. 76. I listen to Ferrell and Joe Rose 73. I'm still listening to Moe and Joe Rose 27. I'm still listening to Moe. I don't listen to Joe. 5, 5, 1.4% of 337 votes. Pretty weak Moe, right? Absolutely. Oh sorry. I'm not going any more information about the rumors from the inside. Usually they plant some affony stories, you know, he's older. And you're not getting no info on your email from your moles. No. Once bleeding though. Is it? Yeah. Don't pick it. Autolite. WQAM. Invisible. WQAM. There you go. There's one for you to hit the button. Gilbert of no less. The lungs in jail no doubt. Isn't that incredible? Just out of nowhere in a holiday spirit. See what I mean about that. That's not out of nowhere. He called on Friday. Did he? Yeah. Well, you probably inspired him to call and say the effort over and over again on the year. Gilbert Solomon on Miami Beach. I thought it was the Gables. Easy? I don't know. Well, he just fit in perfect Darryff. He's a piece of the Gables. It's a perfect match. I'll tell you that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We're doing screenless. Not as not a call on the board. We're doing screenless for the rest of the year. Oh, and then not that we have an option because the computer still doesn't work. Yeah. Fix it came in and just as soon as he walks in the door it worked and then as soon as he laughed at stop working. But the good news. Oh, you mean line one? No, not line one. The Josh's ability to actually use the computer to answer the phones and talk to people that are sitting. Well, line one don't work anymore either. So I bet you're fixing his back there or fixing it. He's probably back there working on it. Or he's part of that meeting. He's part of that client destined meeting that they're having today. Right. That's got to be what it is. All these wild stories about Moa was sick this morning and mad dog. It's just disappeared and the humpers in for a breast implants. Is anybody buying that crap? Oh, no. And did we hear from Clarence? The current show. He's ugly. Pushing there today. No. He's the right person. You did? Mm-hmm. Just as ugly as ever, huh? Wow. Whatever. He's, yeah. Figures. Not a script. WQAM. Neil. Yes sir. What's up bro? How you doing? Pretty good man. I'm just walking into the pizza shop, dude. I'm right. Now which part of he's talking about? What in the day do I hope? Oh yes sir. Good. I'm literally walking and barking on. Well, I heard you talking that the thing to me is this whole thing with push going over the turkey with the troops, the hand-picked troops. And did you notice that have even here and on the radio? Yeah, complete morons are calling and saying, you know, I was just so sure about push, but you know that he did that. That really made it for me. I'm surprised how many people. Well, we did a pull out of yesterday in 22% of the audience so they thought it was a courageous act of bolster troop morale and of course we don't have no 22% of bus supporters in this audience. So that goes to show you some of the unsuspecting morons out there. It's not really on to him in all a bull crap, but there it is. That's a point of the standard people that listen to you alleging me are claiming that they have to He's doing such an upright thing. What is it? They're in the first place man. Right. They'll teach people's kids their dying and you know what that's like? Tell people he's done no idiots. He's going to go assholes that look sit there and I say to them, you know, what am I asking you question? What if he's your kid over there? Those get shot at every day or getting injured, blown up. Do you really want you to really want them over there for what they're over there for? You know, they all say, no. There you go. You know, you've heard the songs that somebody else's kids who are dying, they don't give a crap. Exactly. Was it they were saying every member of Congress or the House, there's one person has a child in the military that's even over there in the neighborhood. Absolutely great. Listen, give Jeff a big kiss on a forehead for her. I love your bro. See. Yeah. Yeah, that's right. Let me say it again for the eight many of the time even though I'm just whistling in the dark. You know, just the farting up into a windstorm. There's absolutely no reason for anybody to be dying over there and it's not part of the war on terror. It has nothing to do with terrorism except for the fact that it's off planning and spawning it. But the other night, it's got nothing to do with the war on terror. And he keeps saying that. And because he keeps saying it a lot of morons out there, fear of what that makes it. So just like all of a sudden, I had something to do with 9-11. No, he didn't. Oh, yeah, but I heard that. I heard it. Bonn never shat it. And then of course, don't forget that, you know, it all those meetings in Prague and all those uh, Hanky Panky would dial Kada and uh, and the rackies never happened. But yeah, well, why bang your head against the war? There's nothing you can do. You're dealing with a lot of uneducated idiotic people who have no idea where a rack is on a map. Never got a freaking clue. Polarically, partners and writers who all they care about is their damn fetuses and their bull crap and gay bashing. That's about all they know. Well, what's not to like, you know what I'm saying? That's it. Pilling to that bass of the end of the halls in Oklahoma and Texas and Arkansas and uh, Arizona and Utah and Wyoming and Nebraska and North Dakota, at South Dakota and North Carolina, at South Carolina and Georgia and Alabama, Mississippi and Florida. Do I have anybody out? No, that covers it, I think. Virginia. I want to know what you're doing. I used to think that I could not be home. I'd say we'd keep quite the zone, a storm. I'm not being here so fast for carving fields. As long as grass is on the plate, you can feel you. If I can see it, then I can do it. If I just believe it, then they're mature heads. I'm a big pedophile. I believe I can touch them by you. You can see it on video tape. Don't give a more than try to rage. If a pirate's home home, you see me running through that open door on a big pedophile. Yes. I'm a big pedophile. That's a good one. I'm a big pedophile. I have attorneys defending R&B star Arkelle against child pornography charges. It's a file of a host of motions, including one contending the alleged victim could have been old enough to legally consent to sex. Also included in the 11 motions, Kelly's attorneys filed Monday and Cook Kelly Circuit Court in Chicago was the argument that the occasion be dismissed, because prosecute is failed to specify the date of the alleged crime in their indictment against Kelly 36. Kelly's first name is Robert. Was arrested in June 2002 after a video tape surface that allegedly showed the Grammy having sex with a girl, the Grammy Wea Wea. By alleging that the illegal acts happened between November 97 and February 2002, Kelly's attorneys argue, the girl could be anywhere from 13 to 17 years old. If she was 17 at the time, she'd have been old enough to consent to sex. All right. Further, they argue, such a large window of time is impossible for Kelly to mount a fair defense. It's no secret that Mr. Kelly's well-known musician who frequently travels the motion says by failing to narrow the date to charge the charge defense. Mr. Kelly is wholly deprived of the opportunity to bring an alibi defense. I think that's supposed to say the charge offense, but what does ABC News know? The attorneys also raised questions about the law that allows the foreman to have sex with Girl 17 and older, but illegal to video tape such acts with Girl 17 and younger. It is theologically irrational and disproportionate of Jack one to a criminal conviction for taking pictures of conduct that does not otherwise violate the law they said. You know what that tells me? What? He did it. Of course he did. Defense attorney Edward Genson said he could argue the motion is as early as Kelly's next scheduled court appearance for boy six. Prosecutors do not have to come on any of the motions. I think it was the mother and child reunion. That was the motion that they were talking about. What is this thing you just fax? The US military outskate kind of linguists. In case you missed it, I didn't fact you all ate pages like they did us. Kathleen Glover was cleaning a pool at the Sri Lankan Investors' residence recently which you heard the sound of error big drifting through the trees. Glover earned $11 an hour working for a pool maintenance company, skimming leaves and testing for removles in the backyards of Washington. No one knew about her past but sometimes the past found her and that's all you fact. Don't tell policy needs to outskate of error big speakers. This is today's story but this has been going on along. There have been several of these. So in other words as soon as they find out that even though they have this desperate desperate need of error big speaking interpreters, if it comes out it's to find out that they're fag. Well bye bye. Right. Well that we're going to kick your ass out. So it's obvious that the security of America is really what's important about a weight guilt but we're going to put your ass in jail for the holidays. Ooh can I help? You asshole you simple didn't you miss fit you disgusting piece of crap? Iraqi council head demands direct vote. The head of the Iraqi government council me new dis demand today that a proposed traditional transition legislator be elected by Iraqi voters. The move opposed by US occupation officials. Abdel Aziz al-Haqim before you know something no I know nothing you don't want to forgot before I give up. And I already smith can it. Uh oh because it was part of the story about the latest the US soldier that got killed yesterday. And later on it told about the fact that Saddam's right hand man we're here in all those breathless stories yesterday he was either he was either dead or alive or killed or not a not killed or in custody or not. But I was all a bunch of bull crap. Nothing to it absolutely untrue. And I put that like a little teeny tiny letters on the whatever the wire service story was. Which is why I missed it. Anyway Abdel Aziz al-Haqim a she-I'd Muslim Therak were recently he's been a vocal critic of American plans for restoring sovereignty of Iraqis holds the rotating presidency of the US appointed council for the month of December his assumption the post could point to rocky relations with American administrators. It also highlights the transformation of Iraq since the fall of Saddam. Iraq's she-act majority were pressed under Saddam's regime particularly religious leaders. Al-Haqim holds clerical status unlike Ahmad Chalabi the secular she-it who held the presidency earlier this year. And remember 15 agreement between the council and Paul Bremer the chief US administrator calls for caucuses and iraqs 18 provinces to select the transitional legislature. But Al-Haqim literally Supreme Council of the Islamic Revolution and Iraq has insisted on a vote. The assembly will be elected by the Iraqi people he said this is what we're trying to achieve and that was God willing will happen he said today. So the conditions continue being rocky and rockier like the S.A.B. before we should be there in the first place you got no business being there absolutely none. You'll need people to have business our Bechel Hallebert and Nosegoim and Chevron. It was grave robbers. 560560 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line. If Scott for El-Run on the year mornings on another station how would that alter your listening? 46 for 45.2% say no change adolescent to QM before 10 a.m. 160 five out of 365. I listen to Ferrell and Joe Rose 82. I listen to Ferrell but not Moor Joe. I still listen to Moor and Joe Rose 33 at a bottom and I still listen to Moor but I don't listen to Joe 5 1.3% 5 out of 365. He sure got that big exclusive QM there don't he? Yep. 5 so far but it's a loyal 5 that is correct. QM? Hello? Yes. Hi good morning. Do you know if Ferrell is coming back in any other station for a factor maybe? Are you listening to the show? Yeah. And what did I say? But you don't know if he's coming back or not. Right. Okay I thought you knew. Okay that I don't know. You don't know? No I don't know. Okay. I don't know. I don't know. Bye. Have you ever read that? I was to hit your meters. Well, you know. Yeah. 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Ferrellis line. Rederule is screenless here at the end of the year. It's a holiday. Let's face it. We're just all faking our way through evidently. I thought that was over as of this week but evidently nice. Surprise. I thought that yesterday we kind of reached that turning point. After Monday the day after Thanksgiving weekend people put their lives back together. I thought yesterday we kind of like turned a corner. Did we turn it? No. No. WQAN. We want people. No, no, no, no. Oh, no. WQAN. QAM. Turned up a little bit louder. I thought we had a time tunnel to Wednesday but it didn't work out. QAM, Ola, last chance. Last chance for greatness. Too late. WQAN, hello. Roger. Yes, sir. Yeah, Mr. Rogers. Hello. What can I do for you, sir? How are you today, sir? Great. Sensational. I'm sorry. I had some speaker phone that I took off now for a minute. That gentleman before and you've Ivan absolutely correct. Sir, there's no reason why we're over there and the people just don't. They don't care. I didn't make me mad. And I said this before and I'll say to you, Mr. Rogers, there's two things I'm sure of in my lifetime. One that OJ killed those two people and two that they stole that election. Right. And it's sad. It's no doubt about it. It's sad. But, but. But, but for it to border pal have a good trip. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Library at 42,000, 905 through yesterday for abandoned pet rescue with our best in the Umar Genized. We got a fan hit to far between noon and two. We don't know where yet. No. Some random place. And the good news is we're sending Scott Junior out there in the fan. And he'll probably he probably knows what's going on with for a while. I won't tell us but he might tell you and then you can tell us. That good idea? Sure. Go pump him. Go pump him a little bit. He probably enjoyed. He'd have his head like way up in here anyway. Kind of like stirring at the moon. Come to the Q.A.M. Come to the Q.A.M. Come to the Q.A.M. Hello. Fox Sports should go Odees. Odees will be good. Mike, they will be good. Happy holidays. Mike, don't ever call us again until we let you know. The coast is clear. And they can hire. They can hire him to be a DJ. They can hire Mike Wants to be on air. You can play some nifty jingles and it will be great. What's the thing? Yeah. Let's bring back Odeo Q.A.M. jingles and it's dangerous. I like those. That's an idea. That's a thought. Mike, sure, they couldn't get any worse numbers than they got already. Nice going, Pete Bolder with that 50,000-mots in the middle of the dial. That you people have turned into a toilet, a cesspool, water radio dial. Shame on you, Pete. Use suckhold. You idiot. Use cypledon. See, I didn't even mind hearing from wine Mike. Because it's the holidays. You're just too much of a heartache. Yeah. Which points the light nip a little bit. No. In addition, which keeps us in mind, as little as you're making as much as I'm making, it doesn't change regardless of who's on the other in the phone. You know what? I know that. Never the last. See, I was telling my friends at our three hour dinner last night at Ruth Chris. I was telling them that, you know, really when you come right down, what I've adopted several months ago, and I'm just ecstatic that I have. I think being here a much of the time is helping to do that. But I've got just a completely totally different attitude than I used to have before. And my only regret is that I didn't adopt this attitude long ago. Much, much longer ago than I did. Because it just doesn't make any difference. Whether we have a one share, a 10 share, a 30 share, whether we have great calls, horse crap calls, a bunch of chronic. I mean, crap share. It makes no difference. I know. You follow what I'm saying. You don't have any of your duty to do your best every single day. And if the audience is typical, it's, it's, who cares? Well, everybody's very nice. It's Wednesday. We got the big one to two comedy guitar. It's Wednesday. Oh, yeah. Forget all about that. All right. We got to look. We're looking at it. Any chance I get? WQAM. Yeah, Mr. Rogers. Yes, sir. How you doing today? I'm doing great. How are you doing? I'm doing fantastic things. I just want to know if you have a chance yesterday to read a column on poll, quote, and then at the time. It was on our website. You know, I'm glad you mentioned that. I don't know if I even mentioned because I was going to read it on the area yesterday, but I'm going to do it now because you are fair to me to do it. Hectavote. Exactly. Please do it because you don't know what to expect anymore. But I don't think we're going to win no more. The fix is in, baby. I think you're right. I think I see that kind of it. Okay. That's all going to be over the next hour. Thank you. Thank you. Great to have you. I got it right here. And it is on our website. I put it on today, which I should have had it on yesterday, but I screwed up all the way around. Well, I had a big pile of crap here yesterday. You know what I'm saying? I'll just clean it up, though. Good. Paul Krubin and Times Hectavote. I'll get to that like, almost immediately following the break. In other words, when I get around it, pretty soon. Also, couriers arguments over Slop machines and South Florida. Well, I bet you should take fine break in my friends at Pumpet O'Parker, just hangin on the edge of their seats. So you only hope we got, baby. The only hope we got, get to Sloth. Get quit with all that Bible thumb and right wing lunatics that make Florida the end of the thought placed at it is. Powered and David, and you're only saying funny other rape of it is that pipe smoke is 12 o'clock. Well, fool you, the boy. Welcome back to the smug mother, not a victorious firing. Thanks to the Moja with an evening shoot. Hey, Moja, what kids with a clown chill hat? Rochalaz. Ha! Are you in 78 and I'm an old Jew? Why you? Ha! My hair's not back from the tailer yet yet suckling. The tailer? Yeah, I'm having it a him. The him. The him. The him. I'm excited. It's it. It's now. It's today. Why you haven't even noticed my big baggy low crotch pants. Yeah, it's a good one. I can lose two. Every night. It's a scotch more room for my bag. I do hat for the king. Thanks be one a singer. Wing, blink, blink, blink, blink. I'm gonna have me a hypnotic anaheinecy. Hellency. Hellency. It wasn't that Jackie Cooper. Am I a heaps the man? I gotta do what Teddy do what did he? Tang clan. And a do. Google, Google, my tent. And we we beg. I'm a Google pan. And that puts my skills on the middle of my iskabimble. I got more than a cosmenzer than the mitsikina. Mitsumizo, mitsumizo, mitsumizo. Grand the not my balls. That ain't all of this, but I want to die. And his back shirt sizzles. It's 12.05. 60 WCM. We have 96 votes on a pool. Here's our first pool. This is it. We're changing pools right now. Okay. We're hopping on the other one. Okay. First one's kind of limp. If Scott for a while on the ear mornings, got another station. How would you that affect your listening? No change. Outer listen to QM before 10 a.m. 178. 45.1%. I listen to Feral and Joe. 90. 23%. I listen to Feral. Not more. Joe 86. No mo Joe. 20. What on a half percent would say that? I'd still listen to mo and Joe rose. 35 is opposed to a Feral. That's 9%. And I'd still listen to mo. I don't listen to Joe. 5. The same five. I don't really 400 votes. 1.2%. Most exclusive QM. 1. 2. 3. You got the one from wherever it held. He's from Little of Anna. You got Stuttaring Steve de Marlins guy. You got Mark de Jets fan. You got Paul. You miss fit the wingland Patriot guy. And Richie from Borset. That's five. You know with all those chronics who need to host. And of course Dennis and the closet. Oh yeah. Paul Kruglan right. Oh here's the new fool. Excuse me. Coach is clear Eric we can change the pool. Pull number two. What's your take on the black man, the fan, your Jones who died in Cincinnati after a confrontation with the police. For a five choices, they should have had taser guns. And let me ask you this. Why didn't they have taser guns? I think there was one taser. Taser. Taser. A teaser. No. They should have had taser guns. They overreacted. They were defending themselves. He deserved it or it's a racial thing. I think that covers the A-Zero 2, A-Zed. What's your take on a black man, the fan, your Jones who died in Cincinnati after confrontation with the police. And we got a group of professional black agitators there in Cincinnati. One of whom she saw light complex. She makes Michael Jackson look dark. They're like already starting to want to get the mayor fire and start a whole big sentence. What the was that? Oh, soda. They should have taser guns. They overreacted. They were defending themselves. He deserved it or it's a racial thing. Now today they're finally showing a lot more of the tape. And what will get to that in a minute? Because there's more to it that meets the eye. And also the thing about slot machines and stuff. For a while. Let's go. You idiots. You clowns. Let's move south for another dark ages. All these Bible thump and redneck, right wing assholes. You had every kind of gambling that's ever been invented already. What they'll could possibly be wrong. Oh, the evil slot machines that are struck in the Harold in the Sun Center have an nervous crap about it. God, they make me sick. You know, the media. I don't care what anybody you can argue with me all you want. The media leads the public in America by the nose and a lead him right into the toilet. We're going to really want to lead them. That's why they'll bush that farcey pulled on Thanksgiving. They if a word for the way the media presented it, I was watching CNN. The moment that they got the announcement. And what tells that Jack asks his name that they got under all week in long. Oh, gee, what that can see him now. I can't see him. But anyway, uh, asked by Mike. See if he can see him now. But uh, he was sitting there and just to own well, this totally takes us by surprise. Here's the breaking news. Low row comes on, you know, and the president has arrived in Iraq for a surprise. Visit nobody knew about this in the audio audio and of course by the time they announced it here. But he left. Right. He had already high tailed out of there. And they presented it like this was the most glory. And I'll say it again. The media and the weak need Democrats who just continue having no balls at all. No cahons. Oh, and of course it was a very courageous thing for the very wonderful thing for the morale of the troops. Mullcraft was just another photo op. Just like yours, Hillary. You bitch. Just another funny photo op. All these people are dying over their every day for no reason. What's so ever new people are worried about ball games. That's what makes me nauseous about WQA. Makes me embarrassed. I'm humiliated about. Still take the money. But I'm embarrassed to be a part of this thing. This sports sickness. It's like an illness. It's one thing to be a sports fan, which I am. I watched a bit of the after my eight hour dinner last night. Little bit of the at least range your game. Glad to see him under six. That's nice. But I've got it like in a compartment of my life. It's over like a little part of my interest. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. Supposed to be my whole existence revolves around. Well, when Alexander McGuany coming back and how about Gary Roberts injured again? A and all of the other crap. God. Well, there's that Alfonso Rodriguez junior. Be convicted kidnapper and the rapist that they let out probably way too soon. And he's the one responsible for that. The soda. Young girl. Moonface beiner. Yeah, one of your people. Rodriguez. So thank you. One of your people. Rodriguez. I'm a gritty. He's up in your family tree. I went out for a main tree. And obviously they're all in the same tree. He's a great strumman on right now. Now it's his habit. He's going to be in a mommers parade this weekend. Anyway. Paul Curgman writes hack to vote in the New York Times yesterday. It's not that long. In fighting Bush supporters to a fundraiser the host wrote, I am committed to helping Ohio deliberate selectual votes to the president next year. No surprise there. But Walden O. Del who says that he wasn't talking about his business operations happens to be the chief executive of Di Bold Inc. Who's touch screen voting machines are in increasing the widespread use across the U.S. For example Georgia, where Republicans quote spectacular upset victories in the 2002 midterm elections, relies exclusively on Di Bold Machines. To be clear though there were many anomalies in that 2002 vote, there was no evidence that the machines miscounted, but there's also no evidence the machines counted correctly. You see, Di Bold Machines leave no paper trail. Representative Rush Holt of New Jersey was introduced to be requiring that digital voting machines leave a paper trail, and that their software be available for public inspection is occasionally told that the systems lacking these safeguards haven't caused problems. How do you know he asks? What we do know about Di Bold is not inspired confidence. The details are technical but they add up to a picture of a company that was at the very least extremely sloppy about security and may have been traveling to try to cover up product defects. Early this year, Bev Harris was writing a book on voting machines, found Di Bold software, which the company refuses to make available for public inspection, on the grounds that it's proprietary, on an unprotected server where anyone could download it. The software was in a folder titled Rob Georgia.zip. Hmm? Rob.jurgy.zip. The server was used by employees of Di Bold election systems to update software and its machines. This and itself was an incredible breach of security, offering someone who wanted to hack into the machines both the information and the opportunity to do so. An analisational Di Bold software by researchers at Johns Hopkins and Rush universities, voted both unreliable and subject to abuse, a later report commissioned by the state of Maryland apparently reads similar conclusions. It's hard to be sure because the state released only a heavily redacted version. Meanwhile leaked internal Di Bold emails suggest that corporate officials knew their system was flawed and circumvented test of whatever reveal these problems. The company hasn't contested the authenticity of these documents instead it's engaged in legal actions for a venture dissemination. Why isn't this front page news? In October of British newspaper The Independent Rana Hair Racing Investigative Report on US touchscreen voting, but while the mainstream presses reported the basics, the Di Bold Affairs been treated as a technology or business story, not as a potential political scandal. This difference because the treatment of other voting issues like the Florida Fellon Purge that inappropriately provided many citizens from voting in the 2000 presidential election. The attitude seems to be the questions about the integrity of OAK Council are divisive at best paranoid at worst. Even before Maddbek and Slug Mr. Holden make a point of disassociating themselves from conspiracy theories instead they focus on legislation to prevent further abuture abuses. But there's nothing paranoid about suggesting that political operatives given the opportunity might engage in dirty tricks indeed given the intensity of partisanship these days. Once suspects that small duty tricks are common, for example, or enhance the Chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee recently announced that one of his Aids had improperly accessed sensitive democratic computer files that were leaked to the press. This admission, covered in earlier the declaration by Senator Hatcha to step up and clear the capability, came on the same day that the Senate police announced that they were hiring a counter-espionage expert to investigate the theft. Republican members of the committee have demanded that the expert investigating only how those specific documents were leaked, not whether any of the breaches took place. I wonder why. The point is that you don't have to believe in a central conspiracy to worry that partisans will take advantage of an insecure, unverifiable voting system to manipulate election results. Why expose them to temptation? I'll discuss what to do in a future column. But let this be clear. The credibility of U.S. democracy may be at stake. Where it's Paul Krowman, and yesterday's New York Times, it's on our website today on TheoRoges.com. You go Paul. You go Paul is right. And a public sits out there. But I don't even mind. Just like I've called me for it. There's no question. Just like we know OJ killed the two people. Even more, more positive we are that the 2000 election was rigged in every possible way under the sun. Forget about the butterfly ballot. Forget about the fact that the Supreme Court that his buddies on the Supreme Court stopped the vote cut when Gore was marching into that margin. He was marching in. Forget about that. You just take the people who were illegally and improperly deleted from the voter rolls like he says there was so-called felons who weren't. Most of whom were blacks. Most of whom would vote if were Al Gore. And that we're talking hundreds and hundreds. Maybe thousands of voters who were disenfranchised and prevented from voting. Remember the stories we had about people that were turned around? Oh, you're not going to be allowed to vote. Right. By the FHP? I mean, you talk about the fixed was in so anybody who wonders why Jav Bolshev three o'clock in the morning while the networks were crapping in their pants changing the announcements of who one and who lost. Three o'clock in the morning calls up brother, Dubya. And says don't worry you won. Da. But yeah. Boy. And the public sits back and blu, blu, blu, blu, blu, blu, blu, blu. It's it's just it's frustrating. It's frustrating. It's pathetic. It's embarrassing. It's humiliating and degrading. It's like one of your backyard and find and four pounds of Tigrex body left over after he was molded by sixteen pit bulls. Imagine that. Imagine this on your next mortgage. Imagine zero closing costs zero application fee zero credit bureau fee zero discounted points. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. It's the revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group. Now with an interest rate it's just 1.95%. That's only if you have a $200,000 loan for example, 738 bucks a month your payments. And once you refinance your obtain a new home mortgage from financial group you'll never pay close and cost again. So what you waiting for call 1-800-940-LAND. Grab yourself some real financing. Power would lower it mortgage that you can move you next property without further cost of expense. It's the only one mortgage from our friends at financial group. For details call 1-800-940-LAND. It's a whole new way to buy. You pay zero underwriting fee zero dock fees zero prepim and peddley and even zero closing costs even when you moved another property. So get yourself financing it just 1.95% and never ever pay close and cost again. Coffinants you group today like I said it's a toll free call. What you got to lose? 1-800-940-LAND either an equal housing lender. Restrictions apply rates up to the change monthly 5.19 APR. Always love them pit bulls. 2-A-M. Video was permeated with the likes of Dr. Lauraville, Andrew and Michael Reagan. They call it clear channel cost clearly out to make the message clear. Are you sure that the right wing not see Republican mother? That role right wing not see Republican mother. For all the table talking it is too to get any dumber. Mattertory to whatever they are told to believe and worship Georgia's there king. By wing not see Republican mother. Well the Democrats who crap their pants like a child that is scary moving. At Terry McCullough who should go home and shut up but he don't have a clue what he's doing. The Democrats have a death wish when it comes to deciding who they will run and you could cover them done. If they run jolly, they're my boy right wing not see Republican mother. There are right wing not see Republican mother. Who get a dignity if it isn't them that's getting a juicy hummur. Just remember what I said when it comes to your back they make you or that's right. Right wing not see Republican mother. There are right wing not see Republican mother. The 2016 or five, the 2016 of the film are second pull us up. What you take on a black man of Daniel Jones who had died in a Cincinnati after that little concerto time after the competition with the police. 69 votes that were defending themselves 18. He deserved it 18. They shouldn't have had taser guns 14 that's what I voted. They overracked in 14. It's a racial thing five. Do you think it's a racial thing? No. No. Neither do I. That's an e-racial. Should have had taser guns. I mean he was out of control and we got more on the story in a bit here but you know he didn't do anything. He deserved to die for. See? Well, he put himself at risk. I'm going to say it again. He didn't do anything that I can see that he deserved to die for. If they wouldn't have taser guns, I could have said do it him without all the crap going on and we're going to have all this uh, it's him. It's big of a sentence. Mark facts is us this. This is from a website. It says a must see objective. Jesus save us saved. us slash kids dot HTML. It says scroll down to the spiritual safety tip and click on old Mr. Groshead and see what he says. Almost dog laughing says Mark and here it is. Spiritual safety tip. Now what is that? Is that like a picture of an envelope? What is that thing? I don't know. It's a box. It's a box. Well, what's in the box? It says what you do if you find an atheist. If you find an atheist in a neighborhood teleparent or a pastor right away, you may move to try and witness these poor law souls yourself, however avoid talking to them. Atheists are often very grumpy and bitter while lash out at children. They may even try to trick you in an neglecting God's word. Very advanced witnessing techniques are needed for these grouches. Let the adults handle them. So while you kids out there, if you see an atheist call a parent or a pastor right away. Oh my God, Daddy, it's an atheist. Oh, Jesus, that's run for the hills. Man, thanks Mark. Most amusing and most typical. Now we got the new tape, which I'm sure many of you've seen several times today. I've heard of an Nathaniel, whatever his name was, Jones. New video released yesterday showed a man who died shortly after violent confrontation with the police dancing and marching around a restaurant in the parking lot before officers arrived on the scene. The video shot from inside an outside the white castle restaurant. See, when I called up was the yesterday or Monday. The first call. He did have a good line. The only problem is he's so chronic and has always started a racial crap that as soon as I heard his voice, oh, I never even got to that part. So you understood where he was saying the brunch line. I didn't get to that. He was saying what was this black guy acting up outside of white castle. Something like that, right? It's sure to get beaten. The video shot from inside an outside the white castle restaurant. Show Nathaniel Jones greeting your friend inside the restaurant early Sunday morning and then dancing briefly. Well, he's got rhythm. Then when it's part and law work it, when you listen, he then went to the park and law work continued dancing, Mark like a soldier. Maybe he was just practicing the old goose step. He knows the votes are fixed. Later he fell down and rolled down a hill. I like Jack and Jill, give him a thrill. But he took too many pills. Restaurant employees called the fire department of 545 and report his bizarre behavior to take also shows another view of the altercation with the police in Jones' scene, lunging at one office or as he is on the squad card dashboard video tape. He lunged at him. Jones who way 250 pounds died at a hospital shortly after the police speed him with metal nightstick to subdue him. The Hamilton County Courage officer said money and autopsy showed Jones 41 had in the large heart and cocaine and PCP or Angel does in his system. An official cause of death expected to be through today. The coroner's office yesterday said Jones had bruises on his legs but no sign of injuries to his internal organs. Police later found about a third of a gram of powdered cocaine and two cigarettes dipped in Angel does in Jones' car. The coroner's office said preliminary test showed a presence of both in his system like I said. At about a third of a gram of powdered cocaine and two cigarettes dipped in Angel does. Maybe he was listening to Rush. I was early in the morning, he was getting ready to prepare and listen to Rush. Or get in one. So now he's dead and of course there are the same usual agitators. Now sometimes it's a racial thing and how many people say so far in our pool it's a racial thing. Seven. Out of 92 votes which means we got seven dark folks who voted that way. I don't think any white people would say it's a racial thing to you. Nope. No. No. Not even the ACU types are saying that. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T in comparison wireless line. Let's get these phones spoken. Maybe we've got the 39 minutes here to solve the problems of the world. To get with it. WDQAM. Yeah. I'm going to do. Yes sir. Speaking. Oh well. Sorry. Don't be sorry. Two quick things. Number one. For a will not be on the air over a fox apparently it's going to be a final cast for more land it would dance silly. So another sports hole from out of town. What's the number of it's for rallies? This is official now. It's pretty close to being so yeah. You can go to the bank or leave this alone. Who's this ass on me? Who's this guy that put on for more land though? Like a sports version of Jeanette. See the reason that they're doing that is because it's not going to cost too many money. They just don't think it's not. It's another cheap channel way to like a big go. Just already air waves right. Well much too expensive. You bet. And it gets you know for the hundred thousand wherever he's the man either saying that thank you. There may be some local post co-hosting but they're not sure whether that's going to happen or not. Stu gots. No. No. Would be someone who gets speaking English and put two cents on. Oh. The co. The other thing is that on that video we can't see the first one two minutes right. Right. So we really don't know if the guy did anything to provoke. I mean anytime you whack a cop especially if you're high on PCC you got to believe it's going to end up in a bad way. The problem is in a special way especially when you're stoned on your ass like you said and especially when you weigh 250 pounds and especially when you got a bad heart and you're like probably on a virginy drugs. There's one the one thing that the cops down here and other places around into is that there does come point time when they deal that they have at least it might be kind of a control of situation and control they're not danger so the whack them with the batons. Right. May have not been the best idea that point. Of course the best thing would have been that have tanger. That's what they're there for. That's what I said is what I voted. But when those done guns around they felt they weren't danger and I guess the guy would do fanceted his arms behind and then the other thing that we're trying to do so it's going to be a close call but the problem is in fact cops killed with like seven or ten people in the last year they seem to have like a little epidemic going on there yeah. A little bit of a problem. All right good luck. You're going to be in full cow have a great day. Better for you. That was good but that was a good call I was great. He sounded like an insider to me. Who was that best man? I don't know we don't want to we don't want to I want to tell but then we're not going to tell. He's the mole. But anyway there's the story for round one and over there at Fox in a worst way get right back on the year and Chief Channel said no we ain't going to pay out no money. See this again I want and that's not going to make any difference because it's just like the bush thing you know and no matter what you say but at least you got to say at least you feel like you got to clear conscience you've said it and you hope you've been for somebody's brain. This is why this whole growth test thing that the Republicans and Bush and the right wingers have gotten together in done with the FCC regulations ownership of radio stations and TV stations and newspapers. This is why it's so grotesque because this is what's going on. You've got Viacom and Chief Channel who of course are both now suck up for the right wing well. Chief Channel has been part of it for a long time. But then again you saw to Reagan many series being shipped off the show time we're nobody watches anyway because of the pressure and then they lied about it about the right wing because they they wanted to get that deal that compromise through there so they could keep their 39 stations the 39 TV stations and guess what that was the compromise number not 35 like I was supposed to been do like was before not 36 39 how do we believe that that number just came out of thin air no because we had the story the other day match number yeah I think they pulled out of their ass just to satisfy the people at Viacom CBS last year all the other assholes and Chief Channel they're not going to put anybody under the they have to pay money for because they're that's not their philosophy their philosophy is to buy up as many radio stations as they can and as many markets and it's a numbers game oh we're going to deliver your clients 70% at local audience because we own 70% of the goddamn radio stations whatever the help percent really is it's fun the fact that they got like each station got a 1.2 share and a 0.5 and whatever else they got you know I mean what are they really got when you come right down to it I'm not talking about the fact they've stuck Howard Stern on some of their stations of the fact that they've got rush but I'm talking about what what have they got that they haven't been did that they originated that they created as we got a number the Schmidt myster I'll give them that all the numbers are declining rapidly what have they got what have they put on there it's just an about to pipe the indicated crap that if turn your radio into a cesspool you can't complain about the choices on radio no more cause there aren't any and that's what these grave robbers in your federal government have done nine is getting worse every minute so all you people to think that oh this is just wonderful this is great hallelujah man it's tricklin' right down your leg that's right that old trickle down this is Reagan part two all over again only he forgot about part one part two it's the same crap all over again and say of the suspects we were the same ballooning why are they spinning all of this time on the lazy Scott Peterson case why are they doing this to us it's important what have we didn't know what is not in the world it is not important yes it is okay in fact I think what's more important is the ascent of this panther's game and good you know even I said we have to like a compartment of our mind for the sports stuff but that's more important to me tonight and we got it after the booster seven o'clock panther preview auto was sent it is at the panther 739 auto whether stumbling in bumble000 the beginning there's 172 watch though especially Marty Hamblad and anyway any case on after the hockey game in Joe Markov and I two to five in the morning we certainly hope that Moe is back in one piece tomorrow back on a year because we got that humongous dolphin and the winland game coming up this weekend absolutely we want to get the audience all primed and ready to rock and roll for that with a mole my absolute what your voice of that often such as he as well as mistakes he's been making lately that's why he took the off don't try to unscramble his brain no he said a lot of stress low you think maybe what something we said something Joe said probably Joe Jumama what did you say no don't play that again that would be bad only one last thing to how or two how or don't let Barry Jackson and this stuff about your show's not entertaining get to your man I hate seeing you making comments about it every day on your show let it go man it's okay you don't have to go around calling Barry Jackson all right I know he's not listening because when he's off the air he goes up the boat he's said he doesn't listen anymore so it's okay I have a thing yeah Moan stereo 12 28 at 560 WQM on tell you great place are you guys that there want to look snappy Shelley Bloom's fashion closures they've been serving the guys in South Florida for 40 years from the same great location 26 15 Northwest Fifth Avenue Miami Fashion District a Shelley Bloom's you'll find fine beautiful men's clothing from suits and sports coats slacks dress sports shirts ties one of the biggest lesson designers shoes anywhere in town Shelley's got a tag in slacks super 120's 15 colors maybe even line green and lemon yellow for only 60 bucks Georgia our money suits itself from 1395 bucks to 1595 you pay only 795 bucks at Shelley Bloom's fashion closure so why get ripped off someplace else Shelley even offers a fantastic selection of Italian suits starting it's just 225 bucks a piece service selects you own and price those are the three ingredients to the kept Shelley in business over the past 40 years and he guarantees all of his customers that's never ever going to change the selections fantastic unbeatable alterations always free and with 1000 the suits in stock up to size 70 you're sure to find what you need so stop over spending at the malls getting ripped off make the trip to Shelley Bloom's in the heart of the Miami Fashion District open Monday through Saturday 930 in the morning you'll 6 p.m. if you have questions you want to compare price talk turkey give Shelley a call to 305 5 7 358 90 that's 305 5 7 358 90 Shelley Bloom's fashion closers no matter where you be it's well worth the trip this is which we're gonna fix it you way yeah just in time for the holidays the most unusual Christmas album ever over a win free burps the Christmas classics listen to over a past gas and Christmas mask all growing free first the Christmas classes available in the freezes section and routes all as big a people who fart bad can you imagine over farting though in elevator oh my god I don't know why the hell I came to mind but said something about past gas wow the thought of that is just grow test 125 two votes what's your take on a black man the fan your Jones who died in Cincinnati after that confrontation with police which we've seen at video a thousand times already just today 122 votes they were defending themselves 33 they shouldn't have had taser guns 27 which is clearly the correct answer even that call or before said they overreacted 27 he deserved it 26 and it's a racial thing nine nine people said a racial thing I bet Robert Greeper voted for that just to be an asshole you know hey Robert you're an asshole man though he's our best friend I didn't say we didn't like him we like a lot of assholes why is that oh he got a step tape that's okay he doesn't care he's not he doesn't give a crap he's got a lifetime job there as long as he and parents are still doing it man he's he's got a job for life he don't give a credit is the fact that he hates moes much as everyone else does right oh we all know that I'm sure in the back of his mind whatever's left of it mone was it that's a loser he knows say mo I want to I cause I know you're listening right now okay I'm listening I want to say this to not as a friend because I'd he test you like poison but just as one human being to another I'm using the term very loosely in your case uh when you work at all of these different places and every single place that you go virtually everyone that you work with and around and near despises you like poison he too and wishes you an evil evil fate there must be something about you the cause of it is an accidental it's not that the whole world is out of step in your lines who that's not the way it works there must be something about you and your evil evil backstabbing behind the seas scenes machinations and threats and blocker all of these things that cause people to hate you like poison absolutely they're I'm just saying that now in his case what's which 90's probably too old to change budget uh yes reach 89 it's a total of the change but I mean good golly Miss Molly when I can't even imagine working an environment when every single person around me detested me say I can't imagine it I know there's people in the in the station that don't like me hate me like poison that's fine that's fine that's not about them because I'm not there most of the time anyway but even if I am I'm not there to what a popularity contest but if everybody despised me it would be so uncomfortable I'd feel so squeamish just being there I couldn't show up every day right I probably have haven't built me a studio out of town or something or out of a country out of a country even overseas maybe like an Amsterdam maybe in Colo and Germany and let me say again the meal at Ruth Chris was outstanding thank you Neil you're welcome see the Ruth Chris here unlike and I'm not knocking on but this one a menu has got more things on it I don't know why that is now Ruth Chris he yeah it's far more diverse and perverse the menu here and I don't know if they do have the banana cream by they probably have that because I never get to Zerda Ruth Chris because you got to be a real pig to get dessert because of the fact that my friends ate the look petite filet and they didn't want over do it and thank god they didn't because it was still cost an arm and leg but uh you know and so we had the dessert uh Jenny had the what does they call that's simply chocolate something like that oh god just looking at it made my blood sugar up to 420 then that banana cream I'm telling you should get that next time somebody takes you to Ruth Chris because you can't afford to go there oh maybe when remember takes it for that lunch get that banana cream pie it is oh gee it's the other that's that's that's that you're playing pedestrian but anacreme pie like cold it's like heated and glazed you know the bananas are like glazed and like the little toast in her eyes I'm heated wow core here's arguments over slot machines in south Florida oh a proposal let's out Florida voters decide if they want to allow slot machines that tracks and highlight front tons is good for the 2004 ballot lawyer told a super important yesterday Florida's high court will review the proposed constitutional amendment to determine what the wording of the amendment is through to voters and to ensure that it only deals with one subject the citizens initiative pushed by a group called Floridians for level playing field was organized by south Florida race tracks must win approval by the court and get nearly a half of it in signatures to go before voters next November local election officials have notified the state that some 80,000 petition have been verified already if approved statewide the measure would allow governing boards in Broward and Dade you got this and I'd already did ask voters that they want to allow slot machines that rate tracks and highlight front tons it would also airmark any tax revenue earned by the state to education Florida voters have rejected gambling measures three times in last quarter century and it goes down above the same group had their proposal struck down in 2002 because of the wording and had more than a single subject on yada yada yada yada Stephen Grimes a former Supreme Court justice representing the sponsors pulled a current justice is that the new version was designed to satisfy the problem cited by the court last year opponents to the measure include oh wait to hear this opponents to the measuring include the American society for the prevention of cruelty to animals the humane society of the United States in anti casino group of Bible thumping asshole called no casinos and opponents to greyhound racing called grey 2k us a there attorney mark her and agreed that the new version may have dod some of the flaws of the original but he also argued that the proposal qualified as classic law-growing the practice of connecting a popular proposal such as school funding to a controversial proposal such as slot machines in order to win approval of the controversial item the single subject requirement is intended to shield voters from law-growing ever rule a law all the term drop on all I speak of that meld Gibson he's rolling it he puts passion on hold not passions but passion meld Gibson has pulled his movie the passion of Christ from a Vatican sponsored film festival all Vatican sponsored film festival holy crap depicting the son of god on the screen because he says it's not ready the unreleased but controversial movie about the final hours of life of Jesus the schedule to be shown yesterday to a select group of Roman Catholic officials as part of the Christ and the cinema festival but Gibson had second thoughts about some of the scenes in his re-editing the film the movie producer Nick Hill wrote in letter the organizer and we appear salty the former actors written in his coproducing the film said he'd be having a schedule of preview in the Vatican once the movie is finished the letter added once the holy fathers finished with the last altar boy the festival screening was supposed to have been for a very restricted group to include a cardinal Paul Poupard I knew like his mustered though head of the pontifical counsel for culture archbishop John Foley president of the pontifical counsel for social communications and various religious experts from the Roman Catholic universities based in Roman apartheid in poetry organizer Pier Sante and Cardinal Dario Castriano Hoyos sounds like a spiktomy pre-prefect of the congregation for clergy is already viewed earlier version of the movie the film is already coming for criticisms from some Jewish and Roman Catholic groups who are concerned of a few anti-Semitism others including fundamentalist Christians and media names such as columnist Cal Thomas and Jewish web personality Mad Drog has said the film is beautiful and magical you know it's been going to be a wonderful and magical miss far how does it feel to be sitting there you self-hating faggot looking in the mirror knowing that you're a cell out to the right wing and I'm going to say it again other people have had the balls to come forward and say hey guess what I've been used and abused I have no conscience you're a piece of crap you're human garbage on two legs is what you are miss farge I don't care if you get 50 billion hits today and you're thinking as colorless website you're a piece of garbage what are you trying to say he sucks about 50. Youx.chau so hard he loves neoerod your co-founder They got intentions that are lethal People are waiting for them on their phone But I don't think that that's the way to go No, I see we're dear friendly point now, Bo Okay Listen to me, darling, we're not Bo Could you look just like a hilarious song? We'll figure time to a telephone phone Oh, it's time to do it finally, boy Malbo I think just like OJ Michael Jackson is the racial thing myself Uh, 10 people say that about the Nathaniel Jones and Cincinnati 159 votes, what's your take on a black man who died since the end of the confrontation with police and what castle parking lot? He probably should have got the order to go don't you think it's a dancer run See, and they're right through that's what that's for They were defending themselves 44 They overreacted 36 They should have had taserguns 35 He deserved it 34 and it's a racial thing, 10 10 we see in that crap A piece of Josh A big a party You heard of a piece of Anstus is a piece of jug This is a very depressing story Young woman saves sperm of dying husband Oh From the moment they met his young teens Joshua Garvin City was going to marry Amanda Elliott his sweetheart at Heritage High School in Littleton, Colorado Last year to the light of both their families, the couple both in their early 20s Mirri did a fantasy fulfilling wedding The newlyweds worked hard with Josh reported as a mechanic at a local car dealership and Amanda who was by Mandy working as a beautician from the beginning Their sure goal was to start a family but before those dreams could come true tragedy struck October 12 Josh Garvin was riding his dirt by 20 crashes blocks from home his wife had to be driving home was one of the first people at the accident scene I pulled up to the side as I got closer I saw Josh lying on the ground Mandy told Good Morning America He had flipped over to handle bars and spiked on his head. He lost control of the bike I said they don't leave me and waited for the ambulance for husband was conscious and even feisty He didn't want to go to the hospital but Mandy insisted it turned out that Josh who was not wearing his helmet Suffolk of air brain injury in the hospital he slipped in and out of consciousness for about a week Josh's brains were other While he knew his family he seemed as though he were unaware of his surroundings speaking as though he were in church or out dirt biking Speaking as though he was in church Mandy Garvin recall that her husband still looked handsome even with a swollen head but then things got worked worse Surged relief pressure on Josh's brain did not go well and the 24 year old was left brain dead Mandy just 22 faced a nightmare sing goodbye to the man she loved But before I'm plugging the ventilator that was keeping Josh alive Mandy Garvin as doctors at Swedish medical center for husband sperm Be harvested so that someday she might fulfill their dream of having a baby to go on with myself I need a piece of Josh, Mandy Garvin said I know that I have a piece of him, but I need more But a Colorado sperm bank in an organ donation agency be joked at a request The sperm bank said it was against his licensing rules and that she needed donors written consent clearly impossible Josh Garvin's designation is an organ donor on his driver's license without enough Your organ donation agency said its mission was harvesting organs not reproductive cells to save lives Had no specialist to help Mandy Garvin was frustrated and upset we were running out of time She said the hospital was great the nurses were trying to find a place to store the sperm the harvesting was the problem. It was the storage Don't say anything other however the family soon learned that a California company would store the sperm And he roled his Denver would do the procedure Josh Garvin sperm and his organs were harvested and California cryo bank stored the sperm that they use International harvester Yes, they did The tractor pull that you saw the marker That's a detractable It's not a funny story. It's very sad, you know Oh well, at least his memory lives on and that's right part of heavy ending and otherwise very depressing disgusting story 560 5050 pound 560 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line We got our big one to two hour coming up and then it two we got us a whole bunch of surprises for you Curtis Stevenson for the mad dog at two the booster for the Humperate 4 pants and people with seven auto was senators of the Panthers You better go to the game than I'd argue hockey fans all the 10 of you because we're gonna lose that franchise if you people don't So it's a poorly with team and getting with it. Okay. I'm just telling you that right now Don't forget I told you that right here on this show That franchise is going by by unless they start getting some real serious asses and the seats and I'm talking about people paying for the tickets and our free loaders like me Almost somebody paid for mine anyway W to Q a m push pressure for that Yeah, your calls are boring man your pathetic your tragic get a new voice come up with something original. Okay, like like that would be good your tragic 560 560 pound 560 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line whatever it is man W to Q a m Okay, sir, hey, you know, I noticed something I'll bring your attention. I noticed this big spin with our new American mascot What is this so be keys to the guy on the Ford commercial with you? Yeah, they're right wing asshole. What about him? Yeah, I was all thanks to that. I never heard of him until he Until he was like high five and we stand rather and George Bush. Yeah, my is the right wing Yahoo country assels what he is and I think you're and okay For fashion is born and all since we're trying to get the NASCAR both Yeah, he's getting the NASCAR vote, but not from Joe Costello 560 7.0 560 pound 560 on the AT and T the NASCAR vote. Oh God don't give me started on that crap man go ahead Don't give me started. Yeah, boy You know something they won't even let that crowd into injury Remember you saw them old beat up cars there was an accident but nobody got hurt He QAM hello WCQAM Hi, let it talk to me. Oh Sounds like say fox Is this say fox? No, it's not oh you sound just like him The old 25 And old washed up DJ Now that happens. It does. Who's that? Go ahead, speak to our car I'm sorry, you know you had a collar earlier It's said that something about no member of Congress It's like their children are serving. There is only one and he's a Democrat Who's that? Senator Tim Johnson from South Dakota his son has been the 101st airborne. He was a Afghanistan and And he ships the United States for the holidays last year then he I think he's back in Iraq So you know I mean good I don't mean there's you know be a dick about correct in an attack No, that's okay I think the point is that you're well taken though and that is that none of the Iran sons who the sons of people like rummisfile and changing all these other gray robbers Oh, no, they're okay. No, they're fine That's not a controlling the Democratic population my friends You know You're on them off and wars Yeah, okay I'll get a good idea good luck to us I'll say it again, but I'll tell you you get that word that five letter word draft going again And boy, all of a sudden the holes generation of people who couldn't give a fine crap less right now Maybe say oh wait a minute, maybe we ought to start paying attention to all of this DRA FT a five letter word that'll then they will fear your man. I'm playing that right now Then people start peeing in their pants 1251 at five 60 Q a 1254 now you notice how I like back myself into a corner when it was so bad before, but that's okay No, but this was by intent believe it no Well, I just forgot about our big one two hours thing That's okay because I it gives me time to like sneak a couple of things in here Good Because on Monday we've paid now you may reference to this before but a lot of people haven't seen this a comment last year by defense secretary Donald rummisfile on the hunt for a racks weapon domestic instruction was awarded the foot in mouth prize Monday by Britain's planning was campaign Rummisfile renowned for his uncompromising tough talking received a prize for most Baffling comment by a public figure Reports that say something hasn't happened or always interesting to me because as we know there are known Noons there are things we know we know rummisfile to a news briefing We also know there are known unknowns That is to say we know there are some things that we do not know but there are also some unknown unknowns the ones we know we don't know Now let me say again, but the ones we don't know we don't know oh, that's great I don't know the ones we don't know we don't know John Lister's booksman for the campaign which strives to have public information delivered in clear straightforward English Said we think we know what he means, but we don't know if we really know Although rummisfile's comments were made in a news briefing in February 2002 they were nominated for this year's award Rummisfile whose boss president Bush is often singled out by language critics for sometimes unusual use of English The feted actor turned politician Arnold Schwarzenegger for the booby prize The new California governor said I think they've gained marriage as something that should be between a man and a woman That's what Arnold said I'll get it previous holders of the award include US actors delicious silverstone and British chancellor Gordon Brown last year's winner was actor Richard Gear Y'all Wow I do like that oh, they didn't tell you what they said No, I mean, I'm sure there was a lot more than that, but it's you know when it down just chop it out We don't have a whole whole day here to fart around with that. We only got like three and a half minutes Until I'd pick one or two. I might even take another call or two if we had them WQAM Hello, yes, sir. Hi, is this George? Yeah, hey George is Billy from Schultz Hey, Billy, how are you? Good. How you doing? Pretty good. Hey, I just want to ask you that did you guys ever Find another distributor for champion light I hadn't recommend that the lot the lights in my spoke a one of our sponsors is got it again I don't know who the distributor is but the lights can tell you Okay, oh no, I just want to find out about that because I found another one then in water. It's for waterdale Right, it's a chest of big bagel over there on commercial in East 15p Avenue, okay But they're back in business what that I say they're back in business champion light Oh, okay, I didn't know the wind they were out. Yeah, okay, all right. Hey, I get a package. I'm just sending off the in a photo from Amsterdam to so Also, I want to send you guys a check for the The Bane and per rescue. Yeah, do I just make it out to them? Yeah, okay, great. Thanks. Thanks a lot, Billy. Talk to you soon. Yeah Who was that George? Oh Billy from Schultz apparently oh? I thought I always like Schultz even though they do have that menu on a football Hey, I got loose for I'm sure it's very fine a hump or who knows his meat. He said it's excellent But I just I'm just a root Chris guy. It's all I can tell you know I mean, let's not to like right Brokland is in which we don't have no Schultz restaurants in Toronto What we do have a root Chris and he held the hotel right in the middle of downtown and it's a pretty damn good It was damn good last I remember damn. I'm sorry. I missed it God, he would have loved that A steak that would have just put you into orbit that fantastic banana cream pie for dessert Those stuffed mushrooms with crab meat Those fantastic sauteed mushrooms with a steak. Oh my god Anyway, yeah, I mean I can't feed the whole world, you know I haven't seen these people and you know there's nobody even called about that today about that Well, I mean it's it's a good topic though. We talked before on the show about you know Class reunion into people go they you know, I haven't never sprained down about that What they see I didn't care what anybody looked like because we're on even footing, you know Wait and I'll say it again. I think I looked a little bit younger than them and they they look fine I'm not knocking them they were there nice people It's not like like I look like a dottering old man like you're always saying and they look like a teenager something like that 194 votes on air and you know, I'm a student say a word You know, it's that Josh when I said he's always Santa Madadering old man because he knows that Saturdays is birthday And whether or not he gets that usual birthday check from somebody Probably depends on his response to that so the less said the better you're a spring chicken. Yeah, talk What's your take on the black man the fan you'll Jones who died in Cincinnati after his confrontation with the police 196 votes They were defending themselves 51 They should have had taser guns 49 He deserved it 44 now one. I want to send me. I mean I mean I know I put it on there. What does that mean? Yeah, they coming who's this comeback. That's right They overreacted 42 and it's a racial thing 10 out of 196 votes Well, I got a really good. I well that bush bashing is really boring, you know that's right off with the show right Americans who hate their president we had this on our website either today or yesterday I believe yesterday still on there you go back in the archives if you missed stuff on there. It's really good and important But I just don't have time Also your friend Alfonso Rodriguez junior. He wavedextredition So he's gonna be sent to North Dakota with a banjo on his knee Okay with a veneron as knee I think we did a pretty good job there. We got all the we touched all the bases be covered at all. We had those horrible horrible Day van horn clips and those marlin spots Let me say it again all you Marlin people was very it's really a promising thing They're signing all the high pay talent again to bring them back. They're not pulled away and I think they're not just madly the team They're not doing all those things, but if you're gonna run spots and try to get people out there Please leave the vaid what's his name? Lady the hair piece off davant boring. I mean he's an embarrassment to the human race. It's not just the one to two hour It's a phenomenon There is no Christmas in the silly middle east No trees no snow no Santa Claus they have different religious feelings They believe in move homin and not in our holiday and So every December I go to the middle east Hey, they're mr. Muslims Mary fucking Christmas put down that book the car and and hear some holiday wishes In case you haven't noticed this Jesus has partite so get off your he's and muscle a massive fucking sell There is no holiday season in India I've heard they don't hang out there stockings and that is just absurd They never read a Christmas story. They don't know what rude office of the house and that is why in December I'll go to India and Hi there mr. Hinduist Mary fucking Christmas three-cake nog any some beef and pass it to the Hey Casey haven't noticed his Jesus has partite so get off your he's and do it I can sell them right Now I heard that in Japan everyone just lives in sin They praise a sample gods and put needles in their skin on the Sanctuary 20. May up all they do is eat a cake And that is why I go to Japan and walk around and Oh Hi there mr. Shenzou. It's very Can't Christmas God is gonna take your ass who into the elegant scum In case you haven't noticed there's best thanks to you so the call rejoiced for Jesus Mary Christmas you On Christmas day I travel around the world and say Now it's Christmas bonus and all you is the S2 Mary Yeah Yeah It's gonna be It's I'm just going to buy you I'm talking to my sheets From the night with me Cause I'm a guy The friend's in for full birthday I got a thing for tarts And class is in real life Some warm and sweet show I follow it by tomorrow I hear my voice If I lose I know where And the next thing you know I'm looking at the bed And the present He's asking me to bend away And now I'm as this could have been And he clear it If you want to make it world I bet to place my purpose So bend and sway I go It's Saturday morning TV He's about to get a makeover It's queer eye for the Popeye Classy of a timbre He must feed the faggots prize Oh boy, it's gonna look at what he's wearing A faggots that fits So where's the rest of the bill is people But for the next race Queer eye for the Popeye Is the famfive's most animated project yet? What would you like to prepare for your big dinner day with olive oil But I'd rather pesky this spinach gonna taste There's only one thing that's good in the can honey And it ain't spinach How about if we throw sweet peat in stash? Wait pays Well I look like a cannibals We didn't do you see how a queer eye for the Popeye team Has redecorated his swinging bachelor pan Okay Popeye Pop your eyes up Whoa Well, it'll close me down Well hello sailor Easy fellas It's just an expression I think that the queer eye for the Popeye Saturday mornings right after while you geowr out Oh, right Amacope peat peat Tell me an ellenchel Hall of Earth and Unicthalchewron and GE Oh, Northrop and Ron MCI World Time Figure in Bots, K.L.R. and Jeremy Key Oh, K.L.R. and Rood I land the Rending Group Murder Docs FOX news and Reuters on Youngbill Watchpoint on democracy My date of basic knowledge Churpe eagle's eyes pulled Blocking out your both George Bush is a liar Explaining 9-11 Poor global empire George Bush is a liar Can chase me a little bit Get my house out to fire If Jamie will pull with Richard Perland Other tick Andrew card Card, carol, robin, mark, wreck, kick, co. Oh, real bush, get bush, George P and daddy bush, Preston and Columbo no well not mentioned, Marvin. Trader Bob, no tax, taxi, IA in the back, from Phil says, all as well another soldier dies. Are you outspoken, them, a crack in the mail they get in, a crack, hard to hand, well, some dead before their time. George Bush is a liar, my call is for a pretty old, I'm who that's hard on, George Bush is a liar. And listen to this, there be a, as you believe, and George Bush is a liar. The song is something that'll never get onward, gentle, George Bush is a liar. The traitor and the baby, and the criminal piece, and George Bush is a liar, my, your liar, my, your liar, my, your liar, my, your liar. Do they see them watch the TV, put the finger up there, but whoa, why does it know why it's up to know what Christians who perform, repythe in the corners, while pondering their nuts, whoa, why does it know why it's up to know what Christians who perform, most who why it's basically from the faculty, they're failing back to faculty, rolling empty, got holes in the bed, because they're facing the doom, that's just about over a loud and gloom. Why does it know why it's up to know why it's up to know? Why does it know why it's up to know why it's up to know? Do they hear this whole and fun, while cleaning up their guns, whoa, why does it know why it's up to know what Christians who perform, do they polish up the fish, on the tailgate of their truck, whoa, why does it know why it's up to know what Christians who perform, see that standing, eating, sitting back down again and chew, watch it all down with a 12-pack of food, live a life of order, up to heaven, you go, got only smile upon pouring that hole, whoa, why does it know why it's up to know, hey, have mercy low, why does it know why it's up to know, y'all are not gonna do this. We made a mistake, vision that we saved, I coverin' that hole, not a theory of soil, fixin' that hole thing, weapons that we burn, and we don't want to be a fool, we don't want to be a fool, we don't want to be a fool, we don't want to be a fool, we don't want to be a fool, weapons that we break, no more turmoil beginin' to boil, we say in our time again, and let me hear we have a bill, searching for our pieces for ourselves, some people claim we got George Bush, the blame and you're right, it's how George Bush was wrong. You and I went to the bar, we drank some whiskey from the jar, we got drunk all over town, then I asked you to go down, you'll go to, like a master, but soon there, was disaster, the food share went down easy, now you're saying you're crazy, it felt good just like it should, but then it's done, because you would drunk, you spilled your guts, you can't find that, there's drunken horse really whack, I look down to see her less neck head come right back, you can't find sack, I thought I could get a decent Homer, but dinner on my boner is a bomber, now my lap is full of crap, because my monster took all your tonsils, filled your guts, you can't find that, I was hoping for a decent B.J. but now I am wearing Chinese buffet, all my mows were getting louder, now my lap looked like cramped out, her nasty slut, you can have my guts, I should hand help that, my frost, you will love to have lunch, now my lap has turned to disgust, you can't find that, don't be in all your lunch, you can't know my notes, I'm going to say after one at five, 60 WQM, how's that pull coming, what's your take on it, the Nathaniel Jones, who died in Cincinnati, that big black guy, the dude, 206 votes, they should have had taser guns for 57, they were defending themselves for 57, he deserved a 56, they overreacted 47, it's a racial thing only 10, only 10, following that, good. Hey attention horse racing fans, Pompano Park Carnus track and car room was open for its 40th anniversary season, almost as I speak, in fact they are open right now for silmo casting, the track features free admission, free general parking every day, live harness racing in a poker room, open in four nights a week, Monday, Wednesday, Friday, poker starts at 12 noon and live racing gets underway nightly at 705 PM, including tonight. Don't forget every Monday night at the track, a 2 for 25 dollar dinner special at the top of the park restaurant on the 6th floor, every Wednesday like tonight, 2 December 17, the Hooray's girls will be at Pompano Park for dollar night, helping serve draft beers, meeting racing fans in the handing out some good crap, and coming up this Saturday, December 6th, come see the Broward County mommers, struck their stuff from a 7 to 8 30 PM. The mommers, I didn't say hummers, I didn't say hoppers, I said the mommers, Pompano Park open seven days a night's week for silmo casting, the best and hardest to bread and high-lash in from all across North America, for you to watch and plunge your guts on. And what happened to Randy Wapels by the way, he disappeared? Or is he your got more problems again? Pompano Park or block south of Atlanta, full of right and power line road, for the new race schedule, you can go on a web at pompanopark.com, or call 9 5 4 9 7 2 2 1000, don't forget first post time, tune 9 for live racing 7 5 at pompano park. Come on, I'm all this is 4 20 5 6 1 2 1 2 1 Yeah, the cold kidney stiles in the human's day. Yes, the human's day. The spilling of sportage on the sheets, about a woman who even drives a sportage, he tried everything from cheer to all, but he could not anymore. The human's day. Run to your dear soon, to see a film called The Human's Day. Gunker thought to make a bond. Grow a kcho denega hon. When you get into a gold wood song, Hawai'a hon. Gunker thought to make a bond. Much time over all the day now Taking my best seat Dip your seat Please can you make me pray? I will pray everywhere And as a home you gotta come and kick it up! Yeah! Let me show the back door! Yeah! This is a major wall to farm, a troll! I gotta feel comfortable! How the heck I suppose to be the one to fool! Two when you fucking don't give me a present! Who you fool? What is? Why you don't give me my second hand? My second hand! To put on the secret! What the hell is this? This is gonna be real bad fright! You left out my fourth fire, right? What are your deities to bet? What the hell? What the hell are you doing? One pill makes you browsing, okay? And then also, make you high. It will once my house made days made, but it may be achieved all the time. But I know as well, I'm gonna be a shoo keep you well supplied! You need to come on! Founding them goofballs, you building her own, bring me to a higher, asshole plate! I can have a groom, rather than not get posted. Thanks to my friends in a higher, moral place. Who has will up? She'll get you some worse than a handful of ghost balls. I, in fact, my sub-legance and ready to build bulls of its sub-pergy, noisy, in other disinterest friends, less extracted gold out of their teeth and donated the proceeds to the RNC. Ever show a blind support for our glorious leader, and go ask Ruma! You'll get you through your show, by putting the logic out of proportion, to justify your ceiling page out my ass, I'm talking backwards, my dinner head friend is here. Oh, yeah, I'm not a little bit left yet. I can't get you free, remember! What worse will fall, sin? All drug abusers should be dead! Let's put it for a try, man. I am Charlie the Gay, I am Charlie the Gay, I am I am I am I was very true princess, I she never even knew it, I was by and now everyone knows Charlie Charlie! Like she give it to me, to a man! To a man, I'm a Gay old prince, I'm Charlie. Charlie the Gay, I am second first, just as per burst, I am Charlie the Gay, I am Charlie the Gay, I am Charlie the Gay, I am I think man, I'm really keen, that's why someday maybe I'll be queen my boy, prince name is Camilla, Camilla, I love her because she looks just like a man. Like a man, I'm a Gay old prince, I'm Charlie. Charlie the Gay, I am you, you, E. E. E. E. E. Charlie Charlie Charlie Charlie Charlie, Charlie the Gay, I am I am Charlie the Gay, I am you. E. E. E. E. E. Creyden Mall, of the Never be truly only necessary idea, same so silly And every belong in salt This killer we belong in salt Right out of the corner field on the hall Has been silly, is not see boy When you think that I'll feel just enjoy white walls And now just a memory, hey hey And every no doesn't ever do no say With a lot of so damn slippery And every belong in salt So I'm like he's really Well hell yes I do I'm like he's to develop all your time to it And I'll just do it Well stay out We know I'll take care of things Take care of him I'm a BTOF man This Every belong in salt Is the damn thing I ever saw And all runs with you little ghostly dogs And you never had him in your soul James, you're mine, running in an oil And all the way We don't believe that you're a human No sign You're a don't be saying bad telegrace And every belong in salt Actually, you, hey, hey, oh why Hey Hey Hey They were the discelc he was stuck with me to see The violent happened there Don't think rusty The children talk but fail get through it Tough as their heart's all a way You've been into it Every when they came out Oh, which quintal became art And throwing coins at the came art Get by right away No one says on two thoughts And I'm there where No more fuzzy slippers to none And I'm not a pair No No more of those teachers Despite these days You've had enough time And back to get right again Helping with the came art Oh, now it's quintal became art And knowing toys that became art Get by right away What's one of your three at five, 60, WQIN How's that pull coming? It's a kind of a piece of anus Maybe I got too many categories there, similar It's always fine 257, once you take on a black man Thefangled Jones who died in Cincinnati after a Confrontation with police at the white castle And boy on this show we sure like white castle We like rock castle two when Wayne Arnold's run in it 257, they were defending themselves 67 They should have had tasergun 66 He deserved it 60 They overreacted 52 and it's a racial thing It doesn't 12 It's a racial thing It's a racial thing He is 24 past one a cummed over here We had a van hit tomorrow Sometime between the noon and noon and two We know where we know we had some time somewhere Sometime somewhere somehow and of course We don't know if we do know or if we don't know But we'll let you know when we know If we don't know then we won't let you know No I'll tell you one thing we do know No, yes we do Is about here Well I don't know about it But Charles Alfere does and that's why we talk about our own Tom Plussy Paces Bill's Charlie's got that natural hairline system man It's the best piece you can get on your head Anywhere in the world at any price That's why for almost many many years Paul's the 30 now Charlie's been working with a famous and the not so famous The flaming and the straightest in arrow everybody in between Because nobody anywhere in the world Any kind of a price can get a better look and head of here That isn't the real thing because the natural hairline system looks just like the real thing Here's the deal the I've nothing lose but that shiny ugly balls pot that makes the look ancient Everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guaranteed But the man just said that if you don't love the way it looks and feels after 30 days If you're not getting more action than you have in a coonzate Charlie give you a full refund So like I said you have nothing lose but that shiny dome and take advantage of your $200 Neil Rogers discount to when you make the call just mention my name two of us for having a ball to mention Neil Tony Nicole knocked off the price of the system Here's the toll free number to get your hair back from Chuck Alfere 1 800 321 2413 That's 1 800 321 2413 Or log out of his prestigious world flaming website at Charles Alfere dot com I have a local this is five six years Three years old you're so How cute Fuck yourself real American Souls we salute you Mr. House arrest guy After 3D WI convictions the judge had no choice but to throw the book at you But you don't care The correctional facility is just too damn crowded for the likes of you Just get the orange just to Tax payers are grateful that they aren't wasting their money feeding you Now their heart and cash can go to something more important Like the crackle with eight kids two trailers down from you Spray the foot down Through the electronic monitoring device on your legs impossible to break off But that won't stop you from spinning to the liquor store for a bottle of thunderbird and a carton of luggies If there's a fence you'll jump it if there's a bike you'll steal it Just as long as you get back to the double wide when that damn thing starts to beat So we salute you Mr. House arrest guy Your ankle bracelet your parole officer and your bullet You are a real American You told now for random thoughts publishing It's Ozzy Osborn's new children's book on tape mother fucking goose kids will love all their favorites Done as only Ozzy can deliver like the classic Jack Spratt Jack Jack Spratt could eat no fuck His wife could eat no ring And so be twitching both you see They've been trying to clean and the time was favorite three men in a top Robert Dobb dubb three men in a tub And who do you think I be? The butcher the bike and the candlestick like she's split the fuck at these three lines doing a fucking tub together I'm surprised one of them wasn't a fucking such an act of man Over 100 nursery rhymes interpreted and read by the prince of fucking darkness Ozzy Osborn that wasn't old woman who lived in a shoe What the fuck is she doing living in a shoe? This makes no sense at all Sine Sine Mother fucking goose the new children's book on tape only from random thoughts of a few Rocks rocks rocks You will find what you are looking for at rock mark Grab a fistful of savings on the Palestinian area's favorite projectile Protest in style with an assortment of fine itnious and concommoderate rocks many sizes available Pelt with pride with our handsome selection of metamorphic rock and new imported granite chunks Toss in fashion with a fabulous selection of limestone and shale in the latest new fall colors Plus, girls are last minute summer clearance specials on sticks and bottles whilst supplies last So for rock bottom prices on the Palestinian area's favorite projectile Playing in today to the rock mark for a fistful of savings There's one just a stone throw away from you I was so thin can take direction that from what we see And she's just right after camera Oh yeah She's done see all because her self-own leaves But I'm still done really love to walk Yeah, perfect He'll tell me really things it all But perfect, he'll tell me he's a body girl And now we need me to keep No New New Free Hey My dear Mo-How, it's David, he's gifted and I'm aging. Oh, my little boy, my little face, I'm blue and very sport-world face. I don't know why they hate me. Oh, my day war is great, me. It must be good, I'm just blue and ready sport-world face. On my arm, like a ram-ignally map, a locker-one. I got me and John my nose and nobody knows that under my clothes I whip empty holes. But that don't mean that I'm gay. If you think my arms have had you ought to see my legs, I might as well keep on smoothing, shave, the show little glass, the next time I'm rapin' it. I could go to a surgeon, but that can be the shivers. I wouldn't want to walk on looking like John Rivers. Where am I? I'm hired the least, the fat little freer, I did him a favor. Now we can afford to meet, but reason I dismiss that snake and fat bastard, is the guy she wouldn't shut up, and he can't play contest. I'm somebody called good over there, nobody talked from my rap. I raped the new talk. Look at me, I'm hit hit, I ain't nowhere, I'm a thing done, baddie man, I'm really dead. I fire anyone I want, I don't care, but believe they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair. I got fired myself and even happened to the grids. With one one said you can add a hair oil, we break your legs. But now I sit by the pool, life's as good as it gets. With my paladin cut tailed, placing bets on the gins, who powered dice, powered dice, I don't kiss nobody's hands in powered dice. I'll be sure that the screw kids wouldn't get the gins, but the cleaners aren't ready with my line green band. I wanted to say take, how's he calling me, I'm like, it was just a little thought, so what I left his day. I guess that's funny, I want to know if I'll sell his buddy, I can do what I want, because the management loves me. Can I tell you something mo, something you ought to know, but along this time I wanted you to be my home. I'm going to buy my dad, now I have a great pal, how about? Who? Who did you go? I don't take no for an answer to that. What is that? You? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? No one embodies the holiday spirit better than Gordon like for a, really? And now Gordon like for it takes his best known song, the wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald, and gift wraps it around your favorite Carol's to create his new holiday album, Gordon like for it, sings Christmas. Yes, Gordon like for it is coming to town with a sleyload of songs like this. And the Christmas night you know, give me a heart and a baby. It's Gordon like for it's six Christmas, and you want to beat him like a drum when you hear his rendition of the Little drummer boy. Who come, they told me, hurl of a boat, a land of wine came to see the little boat, a boat, a boat. Gordon like for it has compiled a holiday music collection, you'll wish would sink to the bottom of Lake Superior. Take the home with thousand holy by the Lord of the Lord of the Lord. Your friends and family will pray for a silent night when you put on Gordon like for it's six Christmas. Return to Santa, return to Santa. I got a sweat of from my grandma, it was pink and black, but don't worry be a heart pin, with printed iron and back. Hero with a heart and a hand, return to Santa, but just send me cash. Your tacky sweater, gave me your ass. I got a fruit cake and some plant pants, where it clippes for my nose. A null bottle of old spines, for it is our given host. Hero with a fondant return to Santa, a who needs this cup. But this is Christmas. A real is known. Hero with a fondant return to Santa. The only needs of you, who's... I got screwed. Return to Santa. What a shame, what a shocking news, you just packed me man, that is the smoking gun. That is unbelievable. Anyway, we got Curtis Stevens and come out of my dog at two, he's no slouch. We got the booster, a rare visit from the Booster 4, Mr. Orangehead. Thanks, getting breast implants today. And then we got to the panther game, all of that stuff starting with a pregame at 7 o'clock. Go to the arena tonight, okay, you ought to go to everybody should be going and support the panther. Come on, you know what I say? Let's go, we're going to lose our hockey team, damn it, if you don't get with it. Hey, you know what's that time of the year again, everybody's going to be stopping by your home for the holidays. Not too late to call dry concepts. And rid your carpets of all the germs and schwits that sitting deep in here, the naked eye cannot spy. Take care of those carpets clean and fast and clean right by calling my good friends at dry concepts. The only people in the world who dry clean your carpets. So don't trust anybody else because nobody can do it like they can. That's why I've been using dry concepts for over 20 years in my home. When you do finish carpets smell lemony fresh, it looks just like brand new. They're drying a couple of hours, and you're ready to rock and roll for all your holiday traffic in the no time at all. So, called they ask the folks to dry concepts to put you understand by list. You can say 15% off the regular already low reasonable price of that job. And don't forget they give you a written guaranteed price upfront before you work with it. Have them do for you. You have enough to worry about during the holiday, so leave your carpets to dry concepts. Here's that toll free number to call, come that ancient Neil, Tony, to call. 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 or look them up on a web at dryconcepts.com. 1-800-248-5071. We're supposed to be in 5-6-1. You AM. Oh, in. 5-60-W-U-A-U-A-U-A-U-A is proud to announce how our David is dead. Hey, thank you Howard. Forget about it. That's hardly ever days of intensive chock therapy. Management emerged with a brand new lineup for the vacationing Howard David. Starting tomorrow, wake up with the Joe Markins' Ungell. Baby old, the way it was intended to be. Mysterioticsports updates by Yubin. That's the Joe Markins' Ungell. Now, on 5-60-W-U-U-A-U-A-U-A-U-U. Okay, I hear my little brother, so I have to show you how to celebrate the Hanukkah. This is called a dream. You spin it and see where it lands, and you sing this song. I have a little trade-o-all. I made it out of clay, and when it's gotten ready, with trade-o-all, I shall play. All trade-o-jettled, trade-o-all. I made you out of clay. Trade-o-jettled, trade-o-all, I shall play. Now you try it. I just spin it with your fingers like this. Hey, can I take a little pay? This one, like all the way. Play. Can you take a little wave and wash his fire out? Hey, what's the hell are you doing? Oh, hey, Carmen. Ripley and Trayles. You want to try? Sure. Here's a little trade-o. That's not it made of clay, but I'm not gonna play with it because they don't fucking game. But, shi-t-t-a-m-o-all, that's a truth. They shoot a game. Shoot. That's right, they're natal-taddle-taddle-jettled. Shoot, I made you out of clay. Hey, you've been chateled-taddle-taddle-taddle-jettled. Shoot with trade-o-all, I shall play. That's right, they're game. What's going on? Oh, it's that Hanukkah thing. It's your amazing. He's spinned his thing on the ground and it goes, man, man, I can watch it pounded. Let me try it. All tried, I made you spinned. It fell, all tried again. Oh, I'll tell you, I'll tell you, I'll tell you, I'll tell you, I'll tell you, I'll tell you, Ah, I'll tell you, I'll tell you. Come and move you like a play. It's usually that terrible if onlytracks are fun. But black & white, we'll tell you. It's again a play you've got, I know, what's용ing, say that I'll tell You and wish you a title game! This record fits you in-all right, and it has excellent weights, just sing and play. Interesting. Now, when you are to make the drapes, it will spin. Oh, I think I'm always when you're spinning hard. So, can you make the drapes, it's just me doing. I think I'm always when I'm spinning hard. Oh, hi, Dad. Hello, everybody. Say, can I join in? Sure. I have a little drape. I made it out of play. And when it's time ready, with drape, I shall everybody. I'll make it out of play. I'll make it out of play. I'll make it out of play. I'll make it out of play. I'll make it out of play. I'll make it out of play. Courtening comes. I love you. You're so hot. On that show. Yeah. Courtening comes. Dad. I'm pushing about a treat. Oh, sorry. You're talking about the way to show. Now, let's go. The whole game has a play. If the game is playing, let's play. You can keep it fresh. I'll make it out of play. If the game is playing, let's play. If the game is playing, let's play. Oh, hi, Dad. Yeah. Tonight, on ABC, experience Christmas the NYPD blue wave. But naked and wrong. And rock, Sylvia, I'm fucking home! Whoops! You make it! And I'm so fucking glad to see you! I have a fucking surprise! Of course you fucking make it! Not that, it's all big! Ah, you got me a fucking Christmas present! That's a fucking sweet! That's just shit, it whole big ass, whole bag and fucking suckin' motherf***in' poop-o-head! My pleasure! Hey, let's f***! Hey, I better remove my holster! It's Roger Thunder for everyone! And why do you do that? The Christmas special! Tonight, right after Luther Campbell's Christmas Carol on ABC... Oh, rock! 147, here's some depressing news, where I don't want to say the American public are stupid, but you know what? What? Oh, there's stupid. Oh, President Bush is standing with the public has improved since his surprise thanks giving trip to Iraq amid signs of a stronger economy. And following congressional passage of prescription drugbed if it under Medicare, you know the one that's going to screw everybody. Yeah, oh, folks. Bush's job approval was at 61% of the national and in-virtual elections survey conducted four days after the holiday, up from 56% during the four days before Thanksgiving. This approval of the President dropped from 41 to 36%. According to the polaroid, he says today. Bush's visited the troops in Baghdad Thanksgiving and was a move that even won praise from political opponents. We'd need political opponents. Public opinion about Bush personally also improving the four day post-hality span with an increase in the new number of view and favorably from 65 to 72%. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Republicans shifted from 83% favorable view of Bush personally to 94% Democrats 46 to 55%. Public opinion on a war in Iraq did not shift significantly however, people about evenly split and whether the war in Iraq was worthwhile before the holiday and again afterwards. Uh, it goes to show you, man. All it takes is a little one little dog and pony shop. Yeah, man. That was great. He demand. I hate to say it, but there ain't no Chinatmins chance and hell. You see, barring some miracle or in no Chinatmins chance and hell. That his weak knee the ponets have got a shot. Oh, and also the corner in the Hamilton County Ohio. Yeah. They said there were intoxicating levels of both PCP and cocaine in the thing. You'll, uh, Schmutz is system Jackson Jones and that the blows by the batons were like the lower legs and the shorter didn't harm any of his internal organs. So the cops didn't kill him. So they say. Would you expect otherwise? No. It's a lot of knock I said to shoot at TASACO. 11 before two or five 60 WCM on the best kept south food and dining secrets A. Stu Penn this place is right in front of your push and you know, the old C. The gold co-cifu grilled a celebrated their one year anniversary and they got three and a half big fat juicy stars from the Sun Sentinel Showtime dining review. The gold co-cifu grows got fantastic specialties on the menu. Like delicious mango plum salmon. I'm encrusted by hemy, orange honey glazed tea bas and crab and shrimp stuffed trout. There's a great bar atmosphere. You'll really enjoy two an extensive line of Martinez. During happy hour, Big Martinez only five and a half bucks four to seven PM every day. Seven days a week. Your final gold co-cifu grilled in C. Carl Springs at 2752 North University Draven's had the beautiful walk shopping center for reservations and information called nine five four two five five fish. Take the little family. Take all your guests and visitors to a fantastic place. You can dining inside around side large parties and private functions. Well, come to experience one of the best kept secrets in lunch and didn't dining anywhere in town. The gold co-cifu grilled in C. Carl Springs at 2752 North University Draven's had a walk shopping center. The gold co-cifu grilled where you'll find great seafood always of great prices too. This is for 20 prices. You weigh in. Liver. No. The temperature is here. It is cold. It is so freaking cold. And I cringe every time the wind blows. In my pants, something is shrinking. I'm so cold. I can't. Let's see. It's because it's zero baby. And I cannot feel my toes. I don't want to get in. There's a thing bringing my fingers. And my pride that parts of life. Oh, my nose. He's about to fall. There's a cloud. Every time that I call. And my hands are blue. They are turning home. They might pound you dead. My thoughts. Let's be called zero baby. I can barely move my mouth. I'm a red hot Latin lover. But first I am near. You be the cloud. Yes, I need to be the cloud. And that's because it's zero. I'm so free. Every time I ask. It's because cold. I can't help noticing how much peace. No one's calling. All that you can't. Grotted his brain. Inside his nose, nothing else. Re-made to the nasal passage. Oh, my. That's why George. Always thought he has no nasal passage. He wanted to entail the surface line. He was born into money, but he's so cut him down. Without his evil fear, homeless bump. Life of the party is college days. And we can't let him pretend to sell his wallet. Brake and a baby, but not the judge. That's the reason. He's thought he's a baby. He has no nasal passage. I've got my chicken, then I'm holding my passport tight. Oh, right. Heels the cards in my neck, the china. But you let's dial the gigo. When he makes it way go, money goes, is not the kind. You can do in the behind, but a cigar and her vagina she's all mine. Where he don't know where a stoke goes. I can see how there was some confusion between humans or and human or. And then I can saw the turn, see the box. Means all her naked. Stars reportedly to go in blind. Netflix and he was working hard. Late nights in the ovary office. Working on a practical joke. It took him back in Nudo. Put an explode in. Loading for Monica was blowing rings a slow. Bill's the guys and Monica's vagina. She lets that a gigo. Every time he makes it way go, money goes, is not the kind. You can do in the behind. Right home. Put a cigar and her vagina she's all mine. All people feel that Hillary's been made a fuller by her husband. Feel that Hillary was wrong. I've been the linking bedroom she was mowed in. More and now go, I was doing her with bills all bond. Bill's the guys and Monica's vagina. She lets that a gigo. Every pregnant time he makes it way go. Monica is not the kind. You can do in the behind. Put a cigar and her vagina she's all mine. All candy you say. Yeah, that's master. It's master. Oh yeah. But time. What you gotta do is take a tip over the wall. Everybody in the front, oh yeah yeah yeah. All the cigar and her vagina she's all mine. I want the unknowhouse instead of following advice. Though with me I have been wise at least the house is nice. That the painting and rewiring the wall. But that's not all. On the can't make like this they've got red upon my balls. Ow. Bye bye bye.