Phone on my dead and brah her and by the way to the loses on cloudy channel The gimmick didn't work the gimmick was ass-in-ine I appear on a program on network which happens to be carried by cloudy channel Guess what what Yeah, our midday guy had a lot of laughs with it. Uh-huh the laughter ends at some point my man. Oh And this dopeiness perceived the stick is Assunine Lot of train monkeys on that program Yeah, you fun Thumbs over. Yeah, careful paybacks of bitch. Oh it's coming it's coming Fuck'll you see bells cuz when I drop it What happened in Hiroshima in 45 was nothing Because when I dropped the bomb On certain folks here and certain folks elsewhere. It's gonna be painful baby If you want to get into personalities Or just I can't Any my desperate She didn't care Trist is her name and secretly she thinks he's man or lame She tell them all These only guys and some even got to grab She was a cheerleader. They wanted to run over But they were good and not for her His own running Get down Hey, where are you? I need these garlics. There, we'll get your ass out of that sink. I gotta wash these h butts off my hand. Okay, I promise I will. I'll be doing it anyway. I am washing my balls. We'll get out of there now. Okay, I promise I will. Oh, wait, wait, wait. Yes. I kind of like the way your balls are floating there. We'll let the hardware in your face. Kind of a sexy, classic. I like that bowl of your balls. Yeah, keep some stuff. Oh, you are a very bad man. You're not my type. You're not my type. Okay. You're not my type. Say, I need to be a hand washing your balls. No, give me a second. I will not be your bitch. Oh, I'll chop me. You get your stuff it, please. I have no fault at my older carry. Not a single luxury. I'll give you another doubt. Oh, you're the one. Oh, you got down there. Can't I meet grand-guards? I can't understand. Oh, I can't get out. I pierce my whole tool. Oh, wait. Oh, I'm a monkey. You're a monkey. You're a monkey. You're a monkey. You're a monkey. I'm a monkey. You're a monkey. You're a monkey. You're a monkey. Swinging treat, you treat with scream as one can shop. Ugh, no! I'm a eel, ready to come and get an save. Here, yeah! S Defense! Wind. You bet we're talking secretly. No, now for sure. We don't be hurt. We don't brush our teeth. Um, aren't we good. Don't even wear clothes. Wait, I told you, make your queen a white like a ف Mom, Bugs &ツGL. I'm a monkey. I'ma key teaser. We're gonna be here somewhere all my kids now We're gonna roll mountain well be hey, we just move to drop crawl Well, do a conference where we go up until we are fed Then we'll lay down stranger but said watch you I'll turn red or I'll walk to your A muckish is a muckish, I'm a see where all muckish though We would and want to be a dog that cat or sore cow worse mally and we like it and we've heard that things you said Oh I was attacked by the Focke's son. He wouldn't have made my son Bunga. Oh no, I don't feel safe in India. I'd rather be a New York and driving Abba. Thank you, my son. Thank you, my son. You see, our readings are the last book in the book. Yeah, I know it's what's that is. Sure, good afternoon, yes. What you're back to? Back? You won't wake them all no more. No more no more. No more. What you're back to? You won't wake them all. No more. I got enough, I gotta think about a time I get away there. And I don't need a rating that I might as well say. Don't say, I want to do it alone. There's a Sunday, snowing, just gotta wake a little harder on the guests. You're more a roasted guts to go. There's a lot of fat producers, you know. That's right. What you're back to? Back, back, back, back, back. You won't wake them all. No more no more no more. But you're back, back, back. You won't wake them all. No more. Oh, brother, I'll let blah blah. I don't understand. You can meet from a truck while you're in both hands. Perfect, that's what you made a rating small. You just like Clinton and all your thought. I'm in a straight-drip fat ass out. Well, we'll take the boat out of your mouth. That's right. That's your best. That's your one quick on your phone. No more no more no more. That's your best. Back, back, back. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. This is what we said. You can back, back. You won't wake them all. You won't go no more no more. But you can back, back. You won't wake them all. You won't have no more. Yes, lucky you can. That's bad, be real. But no more time. You're all probably the biggest in the back. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. You won't wake them all. All right. That past 9-5-60 WCM we got. I think 3-6-1's already. This week with several bullets on. Especially Carlos takes the bath in the air. Oh man. It's raped by old Mow. And then of course we got Zack Attack. Which Zack has just bouncing around like a human balloon. It's not rape if you pay for it. Of course you don't understand two things. The normal one rape is never funny. And number two in Zack's case. He's always bouncing around like a human balloon. I guess there's been a little redundant. Anyways, there are new 9-10. How do you like it so far? I love it. We're enjoying it tremendously. So the official start of the show is like a 10. Like we did yesterday. And I think for the foreseeable future. Because that it does so many things. It avoids all the confusion of people aren't tuning in at 9-9-30. Even the poles. You can have another extra hour to vote on the pole from yesterday. Right. It's an hour long. You can have a new pole today. We also are going to be working on the pole for tomorrow. We have a lot of poles around. If you catch my drift. Not that we're want to offend the Polish people. It's 11 after 9 at 5-60 and WC. Another day is gone by and you're probably still on the fade and stuck in a real crappy job. Oh man. If you're looking for a high paying career, pick up that instrument called Fast Train 2-Day. Bill Mowlman is working here at 1-866 Fast Train. If you're in rule now, you can be certified on the way to do a high paying job by April, which is just down the road a couple of months. That's right. If you're in committary nights a week, Fast Train can have you certified. What is wrong with you? As you see out of control again. As a computer. See there's not even anything funny about that. Sad. Fast Train can have you certified as a computer professional by April. So call our good friends at Fast Train. Tool free. 866 Fast Train. They offer job placement easy financing day that and we can classes. Maybe Bill Mowlman will be one of your classes there. Fast Train. That's for convenient locations there in Miami, Kendall Pember Pines and Fort Lododale. Just one easy call can get you out of your crappy that and job and get your really big fat one at a pay check too. You can be on your way to New York High Exciting Career Pick up the phone and call Fast Train right now. Tool free. 1-866 Fast Train. Or check them out of the web at Fast Train.com. And be sure to tell that crazy George thought you'd call. I bet local this is 566. Bring your doors on. Oh, you ain't in. And oh, are oh in. Jumping on air. He's a smash in our hearts. Boy's gone. There's a box of rocks. Milleting Stony. And they will go in. Up comes the rock. He's on. Boy's stolen. Well, Mowlman seems to care. Boy's full. Feel rover on their ver. He still gets stouchy. Little foul his picks. With his dearly head, like stare. Will he be Sarah O'Vorra? Mowlman's all up. Mowlman's all up. Mowlman's all up. And when they find love there's more money. Will they still want to ring his bell? Or tell him to go to hell. He resides to the earth's story rights. Mowlman's reign. He's a superstar. Some real bad times. Big career he's being dead. He walks on. Life's on the song. In his blood, little tagging. Wrath goes wild, man. He feels him a joke. Because of them body hacking. Oh, he dies. He's just missed a play with you. Come on, and who dies. Free. Dying lives. And then his little boy. Who he entice in the ground. Baby, my daughter, you are born to fame. Teach me one woman to say your whole name. Baby, my daughter, the best of them. Have you met your uncle, son, and marionette. But child, the first me that went you way, girl. Suppose, go and choir, and people and the sons. When they see a mother with a maker. They see how they're all. You want me, son, son. A cross-hier, son, and a lead. So how she ever told her that you were a friend. All the back kids, though, but still, my goodness. Oh, do I go to go? Or I'm a bitch? I'm a man here. I'm in here. Busy right now. Marnie! Marnie! Marnie! You just wait a minute. What was that? What was that? Oh, that was stupid. Oh, shit, I don't know. Oh, baby, baby, baby. What are you doing? What's the hear by the Beatles? Have you listened to so many Beatles, whitely, that you're ready to do. Hold on to your own, she goes, there's much, much more. When you order Beatles, wrap. You're a song by the rap stars that's an A. Here, I skew, do the classic. I want to hold your hand. I want to hold you, hand and scap, go, mother. Bobby Brown, I see, Kali-O, or L.L. Cool day doing the unforgettable melody. A.Jude. You, check, chill, man. They're all here on People's Rap. Order today, we'll leave them for when you're going to go home. Oh, and raise your head of yesterday. Call them up. 1,800, wrap the up. If your car's life is over, go see, bend over. You'll realize what you had was painous when you hop in and ride your rain. Oh, yeah, you've enjoyed driving Mercury. You loved your Saturn. Now come and dig your rainous. What about new car's smell? Nothing smells like your rainous. The pendability, no one has ever got stuck in your rainous. Say the punch, help me, Joe, rage, bend over and ride your rainous. And if you like a car that holds the road, you couldn't wipe out your rainous if you tried. Your rainous. Powerful. Yet, Greg with gas. Need trunks face? Rest assured you can pack anything in your rainous. And if your rainous is rear-ended, our well-looper-kitted joints will soften the blow. Come to our show, Ruben. Pick out your rainous. And leave that messy paperwork to us. Shake the dive like Greg's new game. And ride your rainous. Excuse me, Bill. I'm Robert. Get out. I'm the new owner. Bill, as you may know, I'm the CEO of Johnson & Johnson Pharmaceuticals. At Johnson & Johnson, we have a standard physical exam that we give all the employees. Okay. What's what have underpants of those? I'll have to have the white get me a pair. First let me ask, are all of your testicles in working order? A choice for either art. Drop your underpants. Okay. That is impressive. All right, Bill. Let's move on to the rectal examination. It says you're on your chart. You had some problems with a past rectal exam. Something about the thermometer getting stuck. How did you have that removed? Operation. You know, Bill, our research is of Johnson & Johnson and If the thermometer that self-teats should make the exam much more comfortable. I think that was quite an accomplishment on their part. Yes. So do we. All right, Bill. If you're ready, we'll begin the insertion. Is there anything you'll need? You have to have something to hold on to. Oh, yes. Yes, quite right. Why does just grip the edge of your desk? Okay. Oh, you'll want to grip tighter than that. And I'll just slide it right in. Get out of this hole. Get out. Bill. I'm standing on a scale. My weight is off the chart. And I'm hungry for a snack right now. If I had to have a brain, I tried to slim it down. But the Burger King is right down town. Morning, you and I, you will find me. Ordering out to take home. It's those damn golden fries. Woppers and bags, super sized. Think I'll take another cruise through the new drive through. And I'll break very hard. Cause I love junk food. Love junk food. I'm looking for a place. A place to stuff my face. The chart to Wendy's is in far. I am just a pig. And my abdomen's so big. I am stuck here in the seat of my car. Morning, you and I, you will find me. Ordering out to take home. It's those damn golden fries. Woppers and bags, super sized. Think I'll take another cruise through the new drive through. And I'll break very hard. Cause I love junk food. Love junk food. 926-560 WKMS on the morbid side. Yeah. There's something that bits a little on the morbid side. It's a little morbid man. Anyway, we'll get to a days pool, which is very, very interesting. At 10 o'clock is where we'll do that. And then we'll get into days pool and then tomorrow's pool. Serve it again after pool and get ready for a big one. Hey, here's a question for you. Do you need car insurance? If you answered yes to any of these things, here's what you ought to do. Call this number one triple eight five o' sixty twenty two eighty three. That's the number four Florida first insurance. They had the car insurance policy plan for everyone regardless of your past record. They've got low down payments, kids, the car insurance you need for the last 35 bucks a month. Call them now toll free at one triple eight five o' sixty seventy two eighty three. Florida first insurance offers free quotes, their family would have operated with years and eons of experience. Don't forget you deserve the car insurance. So call now one triple eight five o' sixty seventy two eighty three. If you need home insurance, life health or commercial insurance, Florida first insurance can get you covered. And right now is a special promotion. Stop by any Florida first insurance location. Get you a quote and you'll get two free casino crews passes compliments. A lost biggest marketing a sixty dollar value. Absolutely free. Call one triple eight five o' sixty seventy two eighty three. Get a car insurance quote from Florida first insurance. Get two free casino crews passes. Don't forget no matter what your car history record is. These people can get your covered. Florida first insurance for all your car insurance needs one triple eight five o' sixty seventy two eighty three. Get a car insurance quote from Florida first insurance. Get a car insurance quote from Florida first insurance. You're a good brother. I'm a brother. You're a pretty girl saying don't ever do. Bill's a cause and mine a cause and a China. She let's out of here go. When he makes him way go. Money goes not the kind you can do in the behind. But a cigar and her vagina she don't mind. Where he don't know where a stoke goes. I can see how there was some confusion between human door and human horn. And then I can saw the turn cedar box means saw her naked. Stars reportedly to go in blind. That place in he was working hard. Late nights in the ovary office. Working on a practical joke. He took him back on the window for the next floating. Loading for my car was blowing rings a slow. Bill's a cause and mine a cause and a China. She let's out of here go. Every time he makes him way go. Money goes not the kind you can do in the behind. But a cigar and her vagina she don't mind. All people feel that Hillary's been made a full of fire husband. Feel that Hillary was wrong. Oh, I don't know. I can see how he's going. There's a guy in the lead in the bedroom. She was moaning, moaning out. Oh, he was doing her with bills old fun. Bill's a cause and mine a cause and a China. She let's out of here go. Money goes not the kind you can do in the behind. But a cigar and her vagina she don't mind. Oh, can do you say the same. Yeah, just master is faster. Oh, yeah. What she got to do is take a tip of Hillary's house. And put it on a ground. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. As prosecuted for the bright, you're like a Nazi from the O.S. bright. I'll put this ain't as to find anything like women who like it in the between. What your problem can be strong. Don't you think you've gone too far? Everybody thinks you are like you simply courtesy. Did you know that your McCarthy was gay? Look kind of like you can't accept he never paid. He kept right home, close by his eyes until he got fired with broken die. What your problem can be strong. If you can't Edward for those gone, he would want to take you on like Joseph McCarthy. Great, great, great, great, great, great. Great, great, great, great, great. Great, great, great, great. Come on. It's good. Here, wait, sir. He's still going to his back. He couldn't tell the work of mine from a war in his brain. Who's still this wonderful air? They count on just to do it. Because that's a news of the judge I've been here so many years. Don't you? Here's a dirty job. Till I can't you? Here's some steps they've got. Who put you down the ringer? And hey, this is Rocky's back. You keep you out of business. Call Jesus and I know you're back. No great girl, I can't be this. But first he's got the gold glue it. Because that's a news of the judge I've been here so many years. Don't you? Here's some dirty job. Tired to you? Here's some dirty job. You're taking you. Here's a dirty job. Doesn't you have a dirty job? Doesn't you have a dirty job? You're taking you. Here's a dirty job. There's lady in town. She's another dark's Jews. And she needs to buy bread that is unleathered. Oh, hey. Oh, hey. And she's buying bread at 7. He's living on. And the bread is unleathered. And the bread is unleathered. And the bread is easy. There's a white bread at 7. 7. White trash? 22 till 10 at 5. And it's a big nine to 10 hour man. Incredible. And it's just flies by. Anyway, here's a fast from a PRR. If you're a good close personal friend, we can Ralph. He says I think the nine to 10 hours. The greatest thing since the invention of light bulb. It's great. Like Tony the Tiger says, with about 15 easement. And the morning news show he said, well, it's kind of a transitional hour. There's no question about that. Little more lively than some of the stuff we're here prior to it. Twenty well, two till 10 at QA. And we got what we got today. Jim, look at that nice pristine schedule. I'm on the wrong day. Is that Friday? We got Jim Madditch at one is always the mad dog. The hump are in the studio. Finally, Hank, over three to seven. Sico, Panther, people with seven of Panthers at the red wing. 739, that could be really ugly. And Joe and Mark overnight through the six in the morning. And then of course, Mo and guilty. Start today off on that note. Six line tomorrow on that note. I'm mad, go to let's tell you about your feet. Just take your treat for a take your feet for real treat and Talk to him on a Mississippi. Anyway, Brandy is his celebrating their 25th year in businesses. You're any independent family shoe store that last that long has got to be doing a lot of things right. And they are Brandy's like we've been talking about for a very long time and a show. Like offering a fantastic selection of men's women's fabulous brand names like Rockport's Echoes, Mofisto Timberland, Clark's SAS Floor Shyman Lott's Moore. And then the wide range of sizes for just about any foot no matter how teeny tiny or gigantic men's size six to 15, Women's five and twelve and wits from the very narrow to the very wide. Film Mollon is working here. And don't forget the professional sales staff allowed to pick out the right styles and then sit your eyes down and fit those shoes to your individual feet. That's real service baby. And you'll always get that personal friendly service by people and older crap at Brandy's. And with over 40,000 pairs of shoes in stock in their 8,000 square foot mega store, you'll almost never hear sorry Mr or man or whoever you are. Don't have that in stock they got it. So when you choose get into Brandy's shoes with as always a sale or special sales promotion going on like this week. Brandy's a great, great place to shop for shoes you'll find him as always at 12.90 North Federal Highway in Palabito, from Daily 9 to 9 Sunday's 10 till 5. And don't forget all this week at Brandy's shoes. Take 10 bucks off any shoes price to over $50. The song for good on every famous brand in the store with the exception of SA issues. Go in on all this week at Brandy's. Have a penis. I've never had one. I swear. It's an asshole celebration and they're all out on the street. See them on the sidewalk over here then shuffle them feet. That's $20,000 for an asshole from the made. Stuff a side. And they're all out on the street. See them on the sidewalk over here then shuffle them feet. That's $20,000 for an asshole from the made. Stuff a side. Good. People there's the asshole from the made. We got the asshole from the freedom. The asshole from the man. The asshole from Jesus. The asshole from the guns. The asshole from just the asshole from the crime. The asshole from the asshole. The asshole from all the guns. We got asshole making money. We're making all the rules. Taking all our jobs. We're feeling a fast school. The asshole's on the water. The asshole's on the sky. The guy's on the set of hillbwanters. The asshole's feet don't lie. O teach you won't you tell me. Am I really made the great? Am I held my class or am I just another asshole on the road? So long and brave. The asshole's getting the orders. The asshole's broke. The asshole's get elected. The asshole's get to vote. I once heard it said. The asshole's never died. The just made man. Oh my god. The asshole's been morning. The asshole's never died. The asshole's been left. The asshole's been betrayed. The asshole's got the man. The asshole's got the man. The asshole's got the man. The asshole's got the man. You wanted more and you got it. The asshole's got the man. It's going to 해왇necting. Now realize. Let's cross the bridge. Now stop There's A Left on this track. Let'sش close up to the masses. Everybodyąda to beat their whəythat fast. But they are all right Oh It's an all new tradition vision with a mad dog singing Like a man The truth is finally out that Jim andage was truly the fifth people Here's the bad dogs and rooms touching trippy to the king The mad dog was just a little and bivalent when we asked him if he wanted to do it again I don't think so So we had look at Razi Pailman little miss and tell of either his brain's or his signature would wind up on the contract That's kind of a bitch And it's But you do a little now if you won't quickly I think so These that's brought my people safe If you had to lock around these boots all day There's more to wait More than a nervous breakdown Think there's something you should know to hear at the wall When my dear comes along Need a way to feel my phone I just love to get so high It's the broken crack I buy So when all my stashes gone I'll be feeling warm along Straight to my hospital room when I deal with comes along Melanchirl, what's your was grand Wanting to be in my rockable band Trying to think in and I had to conclude She didn't know none of our tunes She could play the drums on a guitar But a toddler I'd find her apart I'm sitting up there and showed her my instruments Wanted to see if she could play a few licks She can play it right Like a cadzel she can play me Long on the love she sounded so great And that's how that girl became a man but Just home in the way I'm mad in strum and I'm bound in air After that she took a shower She couldn't carry a note in a bag But what a player The best that a patchy Can play it made Like a cadzel she can play me Long on the love she sounded so great And that's how that girl became a man but Just home in the way It's stabbard on With a band Yes get down with a man who would seduce and his functional M.C.P. If the album that's spotted its way over top of the job Please hammer don't hurt your f*** Yes say it You get unable to touch this Viewed her And the stammer's leg is mad You got you But, critic's agree about M.C. Stammer. Billboard says, speed it up. M.G.V. says, that's easy for you to say. And Ebony says, say, what comment? Oh, damn, no. Please have a don't hurt yourself. Available everywhere on CDs, record and say, Hey, hey, hey, hey. Alright. Oh, we're fine. You call that a penis? No. People that watchin' women are still brown. They're green for them, be real. But I'm not sure real. Some say he's brainless. And I'm not strong talkin'. Not much to look at. But I ain't looking for smells just a little too much. To add all the little to close. His nose is just a little too long. But Bobby's grown in. I feel been mulling, darling. He's got a really big travel trout. Yeah. So go to the screen if you let it have. He's got a really big travel trout. A fishing fun girl. She's got a really big travel trout. Rourdes. That fucking make me a just swiss to shout. He's got a really big travel trout. A fishing fun girl. He's got a really big travel trout. He's got a really big travel trout. He's got a really big travel trout. Hi! My name is Sittit Jitslim shady. I know I got a lot of haters out there, but now it's time for me to get back to the kicker community I got a plan to avoid war in the middle of it Yo George Bush and Saddam who saying she just took it out on the mic like I did my movie eight miles All right, I first up my man Team Bush Team Bush don't dare W is what they love me don't be a dummy. I'm bombing if you're gas so I can fill up my Humvee Not finishing you off was the only mistake my dad had when I'm done bag dad We're fitting my hands bag. Oh You're busy Oh Yeah, well at least they drop in bombs on the mic and not on us Yo, so let's get this together then maybe the world could stop blaming his problems on me Hey 956560 WKM. Oh, yes, you are you getting the tax credit for your SUV? No, but I oughta well there you go. I use it for my business exactly and lot of monkey business too when you're trained monkey Anyway, that's our nine to ten hour just I don't know a fliesby Now I've got two faxes a couple of me like it and then we got somebody who hates it But we'll get to her momentarily in the in the ten o'clock hour once we get into the real show. Is it over already? It's over already I'll tell you what else is over the holidays no more Christmas no more chanooka no more new years kids are back in school And a lot of you have gotten as fat as How and a couple of the humidity in Sanford the weight gain is unbearable especially you know a couple of months when starts getting really hot And you start sweating all over the place and you can't even get up and walk Does time to treat yourself lose weight and get healthy again? Balance for life is the way to do it and of course look at the the beast the beast is looking almost human now and now it's your turn almost being the operative word He's getting there For some of the way did go in his head don't forget no cooking no shopping no cleaning no worries no calo Recounting no car county. It's simple balance for life combines the knowledge of the zone diet Which is mighty complicated with special emphasis on the glycemic values of carbohydrates which controls your sugar levels And they deliver right to your door at your home at your office wherever you are by six o'clock every morning A little black sack and you're very important black sack are three gourmet meals two delicious next and there They are all the food you need for the whole day and believe you me you'll never go hungry everything is made with a freshest The finest ingredients and you get to pick between two choices for each meal every day that you're on a program Try to release the wicker toe because believe me once you start eating this great food You realize how easy convenient and simple this to really lose weight the effective safe delicious way with balance for life Not some kind of factory not some kind of magic potion and certainly not some kind of frozen or prefab foods in a box That balance for life help you lose that way and get back to good health again. I look a lot better to call him today nine five four five six eight 3229 nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or check them out on the web if you like it balance for life.com Oh You know You So anyway, just never stops with him doesn't and I would have sworn I'm watching the news last night They're playing that nine eleven tape and I'm thinking to myself god have we played that a many times before It's how to just like that didn't it Little bet sure did a little bit Oh man I thought that's it verbatim anyway OJ Simpson teenage daughter plays the cheerful nine eleven call after a quarrel with her famous father this month Complaining about her father's attitude and asking if a constitutive view said they county police Sydney Simpson 17 phone police from the candle home she shares with their father and 14 year old brother 11 30 am January teen according to a one page incident report now. Let's see the 18th is like 12 days ago Shook to her took a long time for that to filter down in the brief and often unintelligible nine eleven call Sydney 17 and honors student got over prep and coraguebles Sob while describing your father was an unloving and the hero just says a blank blank Like a asshole She says he no longer wanted live with him. How come they can't put asshole on a hero? They're pretty much reflect poorly on them They're afraid that if they look in the mirror some of those people over there they might see one She later said her father told her none of his kids making miserable except for me She asked that a spat you if that's not like an abuse thing She did not ask for police help said they'd police But when the call abruptly ended police following department policy regarding interrupted emergency calls and officers to the Simpson at home for how many times we don't know we can't count According to the incident report police on Sydney in her bedroom upset When you get upset to the police come to your house Well me Teen then told officers that she and Simpson got into an argument over family issues after she come down Sydney agreed to leave the residence to defuse the situation and return later Said the report Police did not report any signs of violence nor charges were filed it was unclear if the report if Simpson was inside the home Simpson and turn yellow galanter yenta told the ap on when did as flat was listed on a report Only because he's the homeowner not because he was present necessarily There is nothing that occurred but I do know was Mr Simpson wasn't there he said Sydney at a younger brother just in our Simpson children This slain x-wife Nicole Brown Simpson You know the one that he's still looking for the murder room Simpson was acquitted of the murders by a vizem where we know that he continued to make headlines after moving to the eight counties successfully beating a roadway draft in October 2001 too much later he was again at the center of controversy when federal agents searched a service search warrant and is candle humlooking for evidence Relaying to an alleged drug ring money laundering and a stolen satellite equipment the former NFL superstar was not charged with any crime Underlet the underline that the former NFL superstar because at this station That makes a lot of difference and in November He once again made courthouse chatter Simpson paid a 130 dollar fine for speeding through a manatee zone in a powerboat How do we miss that one did we miss that? We haven't oh we just lost over yeah Smoking it wouldn't mr always small potatoes not a trapeze is a former NFL superstar or you're about that How can I here is the results he yesterday's pool now is that amazing? What percent do I always tell you we have a bush-luckers? I mean right way I mean conservatives out there in his audience 10 is a little over 18 percent We asked yesterday the president stood the union speech was and we had 1357 votes Didn't watch it for 136 of us said that including me 32.1 percent why bother? Were they surprised us did we get exactly what we knew we're gonna get huh evidently from what I'm here The usual bulk crush myth they all do 3658 27.1 percent it was outstanding 250 18.4 percent How do you like that huh? That's consistent number man pathetic 145 okay 103 people said okay and 55 said it was weak out of 1357 I don't know where to start because we got the CBS news sex survey which is gonna lead into our pool today But how your pole is doing But in before that Here's a couple of facts is here's one of says need. I've listened to you sure for many years now and next week I'll be leaving you a bark on a new crew and they're trucking industry. Well good luck to you Joe You old trucker just wanted to say a thing or two before I left You're not gonna like this oh and regardless of the poll about Georgia today something was left out of my opinion I think George does a fine job when you're not there although he does a needle junior type showing stead of his own stick Hey stick here on stick please but He's often informative and opinion into what suit the suits his style the thing he does which is annoying though is makes Smacking and slurping noises on the ear a technique he obviously learned from Mr. Ego aka What's his name? I'm not talking about the kind of noises you make when you're Causering down food into the mic. I love the way he spelled that by the way very good Joe I'm talking about smacking his lips and swallowing they does constantly throughout his show stop swallowing way yeah He blames it on flim from allergies or something similar to that but the obvious question is Why doesn't he go to a doctor and do something about it a radio personality A radio personality that doesn't speak clearly and succinctly is akin to a surgeon with Parkinson's disease Tell me take whatever he has his mouth out and enjoy it after the show rock Take whatever you have in your mouth out and enjoy it after the show it says Another thing is something you want said about hockey being where I'm a job. I'm not gonna debate that because your your comments here are so Assunine do you know that many football players could survive in 80 games season with my mobile right? We're killed most human beings trying to say that because they only play 16 games in hockey's got 80 which they play 82 That they're four foot balls much tougher that pre just ask a gym manager. She says no. No thanks See football they play offense they play defense they don't play both Talkie they go out there and they skate like a son of a bitch and then they go back to the bench for a couple months They come back after they do it all over again and it goes on nine stuff not what he's long long Puzzles where they run one play and they go back to the huddle they hold hands with each other They go you know all okay and then they the quarterback claps and they all clap They on the old got the clap. I mean come on Joe don't be a silly person when you please and as far as Condition athletes are concerned do you think that any of those big fat tubs are crap who are supposedly athletes Delive in in the NFL that they could play hockey or any other real sport get out of here crazy person Joe But anyway Says take care and we'll see you on XM radio I don't think so Joe look it like it and thanks for taking the time to send us all the straight facts now Although that doesn't have anything to do with the nine to ten hour so we have like one each Now we're gonna take a poll on it eventually, but certainly not tomorrow It's not soon enough right right maybe next weekend next Friday to the weekend I think that they had a week to digest it and spit it out like you had it with that coffee if I was you spit it out Enjoy it after the show When it's like kind of here's Cheryl is a chronic factor who says for the first time since I started listening You I find myself clicking through the channels yuck I enjoy the bits but only when they're scattered throughout your show scattered scattered The choices out there are awful you have Howard Boris Stern the home team which is a former stripper team Upward little guy with a Napoleon complex not for me Bob and Tom I'm as well as to where continue his lack track loop. They think they're way more funny than they are of course on the AM done You have your right wing wackos. I love Bob and Tom And I think they just as funny as they think they are Anyway, she says my vote is for you to go back wait until you hear this and this fits right in see My vote is for you to go back to the bedtime stories and are spurs with bits is fine Thanks for being there for our entertainment a big fan Cheryl How do you like that Go back to the bedtime stories No, hey, I hate to break the news to sweetheart. That isn't gonna happen Let me tell you how many chances there are that happening. How many on a scale of five trillion None the big oh Then it gonna happen sweetheart We can't afford to have demographics 90 plus okay, and I don't want to knock you because you're interested in what's going on in the world Go to our website and your rages.com You see a lot of fantastic stories on there which I would waste the time and take the time to sit here and read on the air like I did for months and months But the fact of the matter is most people out there. That's not what they want And if you're like you know you got an Italian restaurant. You don't serve steak Am I right right you don't serve a French fries and an Italian restaurant You don't serve sushi and an Italian restaurant and on this Italian restaurant we serve mostly Entertainment Cheryl so lighten up just a little bit and if you if you don't like the night to 10 hour Maybe you'll have some company. We don't know yet. It's too early. It's in its infancy We're gonna check with the railions we'll hold the press conference and see what they say about it I Mean can you believe that they actually went through that thing with a dog and pony show with a judge in court Who finally throws up his arms just to oh well you know we have no jurisdiction then there's probably no baby anyway Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy. Oh, no Schmidt Now they said one of the babies is an Israel to see that No, I didn't have no if he circumspect or not 10 past 10 at 5 60 W.M. It's a great Thursday here at the home of his story and believe me this place really is Why is that new copy that uh, Skippy was gonna bring me in here? Skippy that brought in our new sales guy, but I knew guy seems like an ice guy. He has no idea what he's into you know He has no clue. I never do and Bill Mullen works over there and they uh, oh my god Can that be the same bill Mullen that we used to work with at IOD? The way it all. Oh no. He's an asshole. That can't be the same on the water he hasn't darkened our door yet Because if it were I mean when you work with somebody for years and then they kind of work on another station in the same place Wouldn't you think just out of common courtesy that would come in the unless of course he doesn't like us? He probably just doesn't like you. It's what it is. I'm sure he likes me a lot right 11 after 10 at 5 60 W.M. We all have different lifestyles Mr. Mullen therefore you need different products to make you feel better and be a lot healthier All the omits Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with all kinds of good stuff They're in there vitamins minerals urbal's other nutrients specifically and scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs Look for all your meds three new formulas. They have one to help you sleep one to help you control your weight and coq 10 Which is spectacular for your heart very important only ones also got supplements for all health in your circle the tourist system Your digestive your endocrine system your skin involves even your mind I'll use in the benefits of the finest olive oil. Admonic and buy and they make products for men and you ladies out there as well even Cheryl All you medicine outstanding product you find it public wall greens Echards and full of food markets picks up today If you'd like to hit more information about their products so what they can do for you and where to stick them call tool free one eight six six Oreo mad that's one eight six six six six six five three sixty six thirty three All-suggest order their products online obviously at olio metamerica dot com and don't forget during football season during dolphin season Which is only about a hundred months away visit their sampling pvd in its fourth standard. We Sunday too Start feeling great today with olio mad Got two sets of lips Hey, you're gonna I've seen you hanging around my house and I want to talk to him. I'll let you take me to the person here now I'm gonna put it this way yeah Wasn't you who did a push-in put the stains upon the cushion put print on the dashboard upside down Wasn't you you broke a bill been messing with my daughter Jill if it was you'd better leave this town Well, you're gonna say yes to a guy who did you push in put this thing Your phone your pushing put went on your dashboard upside down Yeah, yeah Listen to me sit with your daughter. I have a trouble passing water So I guess we're even all around Why you That's 17 why haven't played that mud about 400 years. I love that And even sounds better than I thought it that was a little on a money side little mushy Anyway, here's a fact from Bill who says what's up with Joe Rose and his spots? It sounds like he's re-recorded all of his commercials But now I speaking is always actually talking to adults no high pitched screaming no sporthold yelling and panning And sounding like he's running toward the end zone as he reads the unbelievably lame copy that he finally realized how we tardy sounded I thought as soon as I saw the first couple of words in his facts that it was gonna be about Joe stumbling and fumbling in at last By the way, just moments ago and The fact that he didn't edit it or he didn't redo it or you know, I'm saying I thought that's what it was gonna be Bill also says by the way, heard somebody say only open into Mo and he thought it was a breakfast common in the condiment Condom Break you feel just get it straightened out went and down Anyway, CBS news has got this sex survey. Are you average? We found them times day right around the corner of the thoughts of some of us are taking the chocolate champion What's so with Carlos by the way? He ought to be eating chocolate so no, maybe he's having a smoke Is sure it held gotta be a long what's he doing smoking a whole pack? Just looked a whole thing on fire Well, he's got to do cigarette four play first. I see what was he sticking it back them With Valentine's Day right around the corner the thoughts of some of us are turned to chocolate champagne and sex The reason I say that is because I'm sure that Carlos probably doesn't think of any of those He's watching the dishes He's taking a bath on the sink with Mo again. Maybe he liked it the first time But the average American made it turn up the heat in the bedroom Is the is it for board 14 that's the question the folks at sexual well being calm the side of the fight out Conduct in a national survey that asked about their sex life their sexual styles the sexual styles of their mates and far more Doctors Sandra Scatling was probably scantily clad a licensed sex therapist visited the early show on CBS to talk about the results You know the CBS early show that nobody watches that's the one Americans appear obsessed with sexuality Be it movies advertising on the fashion runways however overall Scatling says Americans are relatively tame in the bedroom and give themselves a great of seeing their sexual prowess According to the survey they write themselves as only average lovers giving themselves an average of seven on a scale huh of one to ten Scatling says Americans write themselves the average in bed because they may be comparing themselves to pop culture icons That portray unrealistic images She says the images is sexually happy a celebrity sets us up for failure Scatling says we have to appreciate who we are what our lives are what our desires are She says we should not compare ourselves to what we think we should be so I'll give it to the rest of that But here is the poll today based on that ready ready Which of these statements best describes your sex life and I've got let's see three six nine excellent choices here something of the past Sensational Okay, okay, could be better could be a lot better I'm desperate week solo or non-existent I Think I covered everywhere from Did I put about I don't care anymore? Hmm We don't want to talk to those people Which of these statements best describes your sex life something of the past which I think covers what you just said Although it's generally geared to the All you said who can't remember how to do it or what was all about just bigly where we're we're went Something of the past sensational okay could be better could be a lot better on desperate week week solo or non-existent What's the weak thing mean just like as compared to the other ones? I have to draw you a diaphragm which just seems like that's the same as one of the other entries which one could be better no Okay Could be better does mean necessarily all that bad, but there's room for us to consider great thing week week week is like Lane Lane in other it's maybe they're getting a little bit but maybe they're wife with a girlfriend way 600 pounds is touched up a little bit and smells real bad And spends a lot of time in the produce department of the public Yeah, things like that If I don't understand we in fact you're at you're asking me week Anyway So that's Some people presumably I don't presume anything. I don't know what you're getting on the side When Americans were asked to describe their sexual style 85% keep positive answer they described sex as romantic and loving 37% Attentive and patient 26% while the adventure is 22% Scantling says only 15% describe themselves as predictable and boring When I said describe their personal sexual styles versus those of their partner Respondents rated themselves more favorably than their partners describing themselves as romantic and loving well more than a quarter Or rated their partners as predictable and boring. How do you like that like my Carlos these pretty people and boring? Just came modeling back in there again probably was out there smoking 5 10 15 20 of Faggot's there goes that 25 bucks We gave it the other day. How about it's all gone by now isn't it? Long gone long gone man how much for a cart now? About 30 bucks 20 bucks 25 bucks Which is what he got 25 bucks for a cart and a Faggot and that's when you got with the 20 bucks five bucks We gave you you ought to be shot. Let's go what those wrong with you I could use that 20 bucks as a track last night And by the way, I didn't want to go to the track last night. I don't want to you know start playing bush boss with fat rich and direct But I don't want to go to the track last night. It's kind of like while I'm here in town I have to be babysitter for some people. I don't want to be anybody's babysitter I don't like wins. There's very little slime casting of all nights I had no interest in being there You follow what I'm saying? Have you ever been in a situation where you've been someplace that you really didn't want to be like here for example Right? I'm just gonna say we're thinking about that But last night I wind myself up being talked in which you doesn't like you know, it's like with food Doesn't take a lot to talk me into it And I'm there and I'm like not having a good time at all, you know For the honor of watching rich and his nephew who's becoming rapidly addicted to gambling and gonna soon or later Probably hopefully sooner learn that it's a fool in his money or soon parted See there's this gigantic hose That they put through the window at the track and what you read what they really would like you do is take all your money and throw it up into the air And the hose and what's the race starts it's like a giant a vacuum cleaner and you watch all the money getting like sucked out You see and then you just never see it again I mean some people once in a while we cash it took it we always have a great time don't get me wrong But I didn't want to be there Followed I'm saying if I would have won money last night. I didn't want to be there but I'm weak I'm weak I'm easily people they guilt trips on me well, you know you're only here for sure time and you got to be there to hold fat Riches hand no I don't want to be there to hold fat Riches in fact. I don't want to be anywhere holding fat Riches hand See what I'm saying maybe side by side your ittles no people are like laying All these things out too much responsibility The survey indicates it may be time for some the spice up married sex married people are more like they describe their partner Sexual style is predictable and boring 32% and less likely to use violent ventures as a sexual moniker only 13% Scantling says she thinks people see themselves more creative than their partners well of course Just like people look in a mirror like clearest there and things he's a sex bot and he still can't get laid But that interesting how he just happened open the door at that moment What do you open the door for it? Do you know what's going on here in the shower? Maybe he was looking for somebody. I think he was looking for somebody Like I just said he can't get laid there well, maybe he heard that's bit with Carlos and Moe yesterday Maybe he's looking for you Carlos probably has a dollar maybe Maybe you got two dollars And when you're married and sleeping with the same person you're in and you're out chances are things You get a bit boring. It says here George so what do you do then? He says go to the swing clubs and get your wife drunk and try to drag her along to Scantling says you can add some spice by trying something new going out on a limb and tasting something different with more flavors for your partner What the hell is that talking about huh? This is on CBS news.com Tasting something different for more flavors with your partner That's a great idea. Go taste something different Back to oh Scantling says she isn't advocating anything outrageous but she does say to a sperm and a little She advises couples to go to a little out to go a little outside their realm of comfort because one things good things Good carefully get really boring and that's what you got to stop she says in fact, you know something I think I got the answer right in here. Oh Oh, no, it's not It is oh my god big black number. I just dropped all my crap on a floor. That's a really bad Yeah, I just dropped the wait a minute Yeah I just dropped all my crap on a floor. I was whipping out the big black thing named broy man This is the one that got the be so excited the other day, huh? Take a look at that thing is that dangerous or what so you gotta try something a little bit different Don't get boring. Don't get predictable Is what it says here. Yeah. They always say the same same crap in other words go out get a little strange on the side So find somebody really hot, you know How come you're like spending your head around a little bit how was fresh around the last night by the way speaking to that anybody you know real boring and nothing I see Yeah, likely story Can't imagine who might be listening to the show today and you take it sure we're popular though Not though they were actually give them away. Yeah all of them You gave away all the tickets All the previous rule that really fit if I mean great We're talking about there and mommy they that awful don't just right get pneumonia right Oh Better than than me so that's good people like stuff for you. They don't care how crappy it is And who's gonna be there your white snake and who else scorpion talking the white snake will be talking with the scorpions Doc and I'll be dead. I remember talking you do. Yeah, no matter fact. I don't yeah. I'm kidding get with it Stiff they sucked anyway. Would you like to take that out of your mouth right now and enjoy it after the show take what 26 past 10 and 5 60 WK. I'm looking for the perfect gift to say happy birthday Fuck it well soon or be my Valentine this year's Saint with a Vermont teddy bear just called 1800 a two nine bear and a friendly bear Council will help you choose from over 100 handcrafted bears Personalized just for your loved one and delivered an a colorful gift box with a free gift card and chocolate look at my little love thing up there now and a bear too You can choose from bears like the new baby bear with the baby's name and birthday to brooded on the bib for a Valentine's day Tell somebody they let your fire with the new brain love bear dressed like a farm and the love tattoo on his arm or like this one I got right up here say I'm wild about you with the jungle love bear. He's got like a little too fangained on around his neck And like a jungle love leotard whatever had you call that thing what you call a leopard skin a leopard skin loincloth That a loincloth a loin you must have a long boy and I'll tell you that for my teddy bear even's got an officially licensed love me tender Elvis fair Will the Elvis 30 number one hit CD? Bill Mullen is working on this station. You won't believe the reaction you'll get overnight and Saturday deliver his guaranteed call 1-800-829 bear or shop I'm on it for Montenity bear dot com this year for Valentine's Day or any occasion like maybe when you might get a little bit lucky Fun thoughtful and original is the way to go with a Vermont teddy bear from Like I said tell him Neil pointed to call this toll free number 1-800-829 B-E-A-R or check him out like I said on the web We can order right there for Montenity bear dot com What a That法es warfare protection, having Religion of a figure across someone's body Truth is no good Not that I mind it but I'm way too old I bet the size of fear and death It attrists with feet loaves my man friend in the day I'll just make up with generous of things And then ask him to break my bun Oh there's no over again Though I would not feel the more spoiled And I would not be ashamed About a ginger and more gay union Just bold and mistrocking away Boy, make a way you're not my type Yes, sound like a nine year old kid Only a macho menly guy Don't know this Let me explain that my week Ginger was a lover of mine I'd bury my oldest mani-no Inside is a blie-rearing Well done No, I would not be a spoiled old If I was not a closet of faith That's why your ginger and more gay union Would they be guilty in gay Everybody follow my thousand balls Yeah, Ginger and more gay union That would make my sorrow Holy ass, you'll stay If we had an injured boy Take you, gay union And he wouldn't have to get me raped Go, go, go, go, go, go 1034-560 WQM-Happy Thursday, too Got a bunch of votes on there already Which of these statements best describes your sex life We got 58 votes Hold this one up only seconds ago Sensational 11 I know who didn't vote on that pool Could be a lot better 11 Could be better 8 Something of the past 8 Okay, 7 Solo, 6 Non-existent 4 On desperate 2 and week 1, see you thought we couldn't get any 1 Said it's pretty weak It's just kind of like that Lime, the bent over like a Curly cue They have pills for that now 7 and 10 Americans have been having fantasy 68% of women 71% of men ranging from swinging with other couples Having sex in public places like out here on the street corner And in role playing Uh-oh You know, I kind of dressing up getting on the internet And pretending to be a result of little bo-peep in Hitler However 30% said they're not fantasizing at all See how right Ah Scantling says many Americans don't see themselves wanting to be naughty or risky She says if you're brought in your definition of fantasy It doesn't have to be ugly Swing or having sex in public places Chances are you'll be able to accept it more Again having mild fantasies doesn't necessarily mean that you're naughty Scantling says it just means opening your Mind up to new things and allowing yourself to be a bit more mentally free So open up your mind First start rhymes with B Back to Despite stereotypes men are more likely 62 to 56% than women To describe a good sexual spurs is one that ends in laying in each other's arms Oh, isn't it sweet? Yeah Scantling says there are tons of sensitive men She explains that all of these sensitive men who have had this much of idea pot of their heads Think it's bad to be sensitive No, my men she says all of these sensitive men have had this much of ideal pound of their heads And they think it's bad to be sensitive Like Miguel for example, there's a good example Way and bam and you know He's just got them lined up. That's why his mattresses. He needs a new mattress by the way She explains that it's tough for men to be physically intimate without sex She says it's about talking more communicating more and being open about your feelings with your partner Student both get everything you want Well, if you're both going to get everything you want probably there are other people lined up at the door And where to come in after the conversation when you think if it's going to be everything that you want Of course in your case When I swallowed improved their search, let's be said maybe a different partner Americans volunteered that to think a better body 37% would do it. Yeah, I think so How about we put like I got an idea Call out the cloning the Rayleigh in people And what we're going to do is I'm going to put my brain and a heart now Maybe not my heart either. It's pretty old. It's like brain into Miguel's body I'm going to swap brains with Miguel So we can be like no, you can be a great talk show host and I can look like you for a couple of weeks Huh? What would be wrong with that? I think a better body would help me a lot That's what Carlos said get out of here Go see Mola again. Okay, maybe he'll service you again and hop in a yesink More leisure time 29% said would help their search life a better bedroom atmosphere 18% and more sexual knowledge slash know how 17% would be beneficial Scantling says it's a myth that if we have a fabulous jail-o-body in other words a big fat Rectomes actually'll be better. She says beauty does not equate to great sex That's pretty unsure because if it did a lot of us would be out of luck as well Yeah, oh yeah, I'm not looking anybody at a special Carlos, but oh man Woo Scantling says curling with your partner could be the best medicine if you're stressed It has nothing into a quality of a time spent. It's nothing to with a quantity. It's the quality of time spent Business try. Yeah, try Because this is the way Americans answer polls most people answer polls with what do they think you want politically correct to say right? Of course, let's expect to say problem. She says we need to stop thinking of sex or intimacy as a marathon Why is that? Scantling says she sees it as more of a buffet now we're talking honey more of a buffet How do you attack the Sexual buffet however I can have a little appetizer have a little dessert. She says you don't have to have everything inside for a pleasurable experience Have a little dessert. She said I don't think she was thinking about it. Oh my George was cherries Close to have a demand model say cherries right away. Stir thing about life think of a hotpot Sunday And since the Carlos don't like chocolate. I think of those chocolate covered cherries Yeah, little bond bonds Mmm Not in those at much but they go like the regular like if I could take a bottle of merchino cherries and just not wait Eat all the cherries out of it which are artificially died by the way and very bad for you also drink juice out of that whole Oh my god am I right pure sugar like like taking a syringe full of sugar putting in your veins But you're in your in other words you don't agree that it's delicious You couldn't drink the whole of no all come on There are good on those cherries. They taste like the die to me. Yeah, there's no cherries But when we do I'm lucky. Yeah, oh You're full of crap I tell you right now sounds great a nice hotpot Sunday on rocky road or or fish food would just surrounded by Merchino cherries right from the jar you're talking about with a little bit of that sauce drizzle on it I'll take the little and a bunch of whipped cream on top Hot sludge or melted or maybe some marshmallow would be good. Oh man like in a big bath Yeah, all you people out there all you skinny people we can't stand you with a spies you we hate you like poison Carlos I'm here 95 at the local pet store We got here it's Richard here with the herbal and the tube and the matches here to the turtle Stand back you'll never Oh Come to the puppy You could have a pussy cat the when you've got a jermole You'll know where it's at pick one out one for flaws Choose the one with the night it's boss who the jermole That 4556 did you come to miss the gym and it's this room again, you know what? I'm starting to get all gagged and choked up in here. How come it's not in there? Fate oh just as oh maybe because you're sucking on those cock drops baby, don't miss a jermatted drank over show today when you hear the sound of a hockey goal be the fifth call of the contest line 800 2 2 7 0 5 60 To a perfect to a pantas home. You'll be qualified to win ticket. No, I'll be now you played that and not supposed to call now No, this is a demonstration of their listening for that was for demonstration purposes only Be the fifth call of the contest line 1 800 2 2 7 0 5 60 to win a pair tickets to a pantas home game And you'll be qualified to win tickets to the NHL all star game on Sunday That's during the gym manager and Hank Goldberg to very into hockey intensive shows. It'll be doing that What do you say it's a great idea to return very hockey intensive shows and the sound of that goal Is like that. So be less than the captain and okay to our guys our pysons a growing number of scientists A present which is administration is distorting the scientific advisory process by putting conservative ideologues to panels that are supposed to be impartial Huh, they fear the appointments are politically motivated meant to delay decision making affecting Controversial areas such as the environment abortion and workplace safety Administration officials say they're merely looking for diverse to use and accuse the critics themselves of playing politics One potential appointing marketing consultant HIV patient Jerry Thacker's we told you on the show days ago But you as name after a wide media barrage of coverage of controversy surrounding examination The man who was writing and waiting about the gay plague Jerry Thacker Close to have the men surveyed 44% to get back to this obviously you know we want to spend a lot of time on this heavy duty 44% of the men say they want sex more than their partner does Scantling says this would be news to many women since nearly a third of them say they're a perfect match with their partner when it comes to sex drive Yeah, they think Because they don't know about their partner what they're doing on the outside George She says if people start thinking about and appreciating all the other stuff aside from the physical acted self the intimacy the closeness the deep bond Those numbers will be far different because sex when it's good She says is not about the physical act. It's about to bond between two people see this is another one of those she reminds me of the dietitians It's the same thing crap Maybe for her it is or maybe for some of the people she knows or maybe for about 10 people or who knows For some people it is for some people it's not some people like on-fut Sundays other people don't like chocolate He's people that want to define it for everyone right. That's what this bitch is going to be to right Just because she's can't really clad and spends a lot of time in the acute number department what does she know? When it's good, it's not about this act. It's about the physical The bond between the two people sometimes it is and sometimes it's not sometimes sometimes sometimes There's sometimes it's hot who sometimes it's lukewarm? How like that porridge with the three beers? That's basically what life is all about kind of like working in this place now when it that gets hot We don't know yet so far it's been lukewarm. Tepid at best But that's just the way this outfit is how many votes we got on that pool? Which of these statements best describes your sex life? 1201 votes could be a lot better 24 could be better 20 okay 17 sensational 15. I guess the sensational people voted right away and other busy doing it Huh? Does that make sense sure if that's that great? They must be doing it right now something of the past 15 solo 12 non-existent eight week six and I'm desperate for Now, of course we ordinarily more I'd say well if your desperate sentence of picture, but quite frankly if you desperately I think we need to pick right. Yeah, we know why we if just like a Carlos and probably those four people are very very close to Carlos And curing a dose of Well, don't be so verbose Sugar risk can make you okay. Let's not give the thing here because then we might get some calls Although, maybe not I don't really care today. I'm just in two of bizarre of a mood this whole place is just psychotic Here's the facts we got was the yesterday since South Florida only has a classic rock station that plays the same tired War now 20 rock songs and an alternative news rock new rock station to please nothing but crap That's right in fact on the FM band in this market. That's about 90% of what you're not just on one station But all the stations pure on a double rated round the clock Why not do a pool on favorite rock bands? It should be getting more airplay, but don't so let's even though we got the sex pole out there for today We'll build the pool for tomorrow What could be more fun than building a pool? Then maybe have it a real one. It says here who cares about hip hop or This is salsa It says I don't care about this is salsa even are my Chips which I can't say All the bachips The ones that you hate so much. Yeah, I don't know how you could say that you never had lays baked potato chips I have I'm sorry As opposed to the kind of you like that. There's so salty man fried Yeah, I think it's like looking a salt look you feel like a deer in the headlights Like the present looks all the time. You're talking your heart. That's how you know it's good You feel that You're heart his vote by the way or it's vote whoever said the facts was a cdc So that's where I'll go to be tomorrow's I will take some suggestions because I don't have any Because I won't listen to radio here anyway period. What's the point? I do monitor the most show in the morning on the way in And I come in I look at that phone man Woo like that family days It was really desolate all morning long every time I went out there to take a leak as I turned that corner Although mode did I ball me one time when I was turning the car I guess it was checking out my outfit. I did like the new shirt. Well And the new pants pat the loonies What rock fans do things should be getting a lot more airplane southboard is gonna be our pull question tomorrow Which we're nearly we don't do it head, but this is the only work and like build it right sure we're building it acdc Is the one okay somebody did call yesterday was just but I have no idea what they say for God. What was it? We don't know I don't know How about forner Okay, I love forner and such is that I love them, but I don't I don't hear it because I'm out listening But who the hell in this marketplace forner? Colise I she'll hear once in a great while. That's about it. I'd like you. Everybody else just did you You hear Dan you're one song by a group that you're like a lot and then and then they play it so much You might have hating the song and then the rest of the group songs that you may love you'll ever hear them like the cars with a hundred good songs Play let's go that's right and as soon as they play let's go. I do do another you respond under dial Like what's your old those when she hears our nine to ten hour and a more and she doesn't like she wants us to go back to bedtime stories No chance honey no chance And I understand that we got that small percentage out there. It's too small man. That's what they're telling me too small Who want to hear the bedtime stories like these guys here will lie a lot and even Miguel. Oh, yeah, that's great We're really interesting stuff full crap They don't want to hear that at all. They want to hear crap. They want to hear us say crap on your a lot We got Lynn Sam you was listening up there on the internet. She wants to hear he's an asshole That's right at least two three four five hundred times a day and that makes them happy. That's all they want They want a bunch of intellectual crap. What are they gonna what are they gonna get intellectual for us? Are we intellectual no or much of slabs over here? That's all we like to eat would like to get laid whatever it is talk with a cough drop I'm talking with a cough drop, but I'm There's no sound even have a cough drop here He's not all of them in there. What kind of got you got to die ones that make you like I could use those okay? I'm a little plugged up there if I can say that probably from all that extra food I mean you get to a doctor and fix your problem instead of doing a radio show with the air Okay, you're gonna fill in yeah AC and AC and forner. That's the beginning of our list. I'm sure it'll be a sensationalist 560 I think that's for a hundred of them just one would have been nice God The cough drop pusher Good drugs. Okay, now I can do it too. I know I got Now who was it or he's even anyway the guys gonna be the truck right? We don't get me we like him a lot Even over free swallow crap about his tough football players. Oh, man How you can call a guy away 340 pounds or 300 pounds an athlete you must be off your rocker And this of course is part of the myth of the the football fan. Oh, these are the greatest condition athletes Right, that's whatever big tubs of crap Big fat tub this stand there holding out of guys if they call the whole holding in the NFL to give it take about 60 hours Every play would be a penalty They're tackling guy and of course the same in the NHL by the way Gary Bement now that all the people from the NHR in town or at least they're getting there arriving For the all-star game this weekend. Let me just hit this Gary Bement you were disaster Teams are going bankrupt. There's more holding and clutching all I've been crapping to begin in the season just like every There are guys getting tackled out there and mid ice No penalty How to hike in the great players excel how can the game be exciting when there's all this like Mario said a couple years ago Before I hung it up that one time how can to be excited when everybody's getting the yankton pulled and Tackled Nobody wants to see that crap you're a betman you idiot The game's got big problems especially all those people disguises empty seats empty yellow seats at the fleets center Always a good idea to put your seats in bright yellow So that when there's nobody there like like like a neon sign flashing hey look at this empty empty empty Yeah, good idea Gary Bement you embezzled you you more on In fact, and not are the all-star game being in which I don't care about cuz I don't put exhibition games and you know I want to see those guys play in real games And on a regular betman m-o-r-o-m-o-m Yeah, I know we say something sooner later I agreed with nice going mo Which of course are the first two letters of m-o-r-o-n no coincidence either 5 6 7 0 5 60 boy my wound up today. You know I got a headache for meeting all that food at the track last night I didn't want to go to the track. I know it sounds like I'm like at my age a weekling Stand up for yourself be a man mister don't get pushed around and run around like that. You know for other people's fun and convenience Don't you think a couple nights a week is funny to go there and make a contribution Have a good time up there, but you know enough is enough and while I go there I eat and There you are There I am fat High blood sugar high blood pressure right from getting agitated and aggravated clawed out of me. I got to one over to four seven eight I don't give a crap what you got okay I don't give a crap that your nephew is a gambling genius a gaming genius and is gonna win a pick for what you didn't by the way My skull and Anthony he still parked on the outside. Do you want an aspirin? No I'm gonna say I'm a sick. I said I'm a leased that you had a headache. I didn't say I wonder. I say that just no I said I need a cough drop 30 seconds to go on a little bit behind okay Don't thought you're gonna be to do it too and the only reason you set these in here So that I can talk with this crap. No, you see right through my plan. I'll be every time taking it out right now So I can enjoy it after the show Hahaha it might be a little gamey by that time especially sitting on his copy here But nevertheless, I'm gonna enjoy my horsements to look as sugar free your laws in after the show And on the way home, which I'll probably have to make a real quick trip on the way home But what do you think I had to write in there and have Carlos sit here for did you really? But I wanna tell you something for seriously Now you whatever you think a George I have never seen a man crap as much in my life as a scab for a little guy I- there's every morning at least four five six eight ten a hundred traps before the show during the show You know, I didn't take the before the show in this morning Mr. exaggerator Don't you usually usually some days twice some days twice something twice that's my power Another yesterday to take a leak in Gildi was oh he took the smelliest crap in there and he came I will say this he apologized when he came up because he was in birth I was standing and taking a leak. What would you apologize? I just don't got the place that you know he admitted he knew it smelled real bad Yeah, but it's not like it's your fault. I understand the pressure he's in all morning every day Yeah, I feel bad for him. Maybe he should stab jugs in a back. I don't know Huh? Oh, seriously. I mean poor Gildi, you know, he's like a between a rock and a heart and a high voice He can't help him. No, no, I feel bad because he's under such tremendous stress and duress Fewers the wrong shirt if it's the wrong color socks I mean he's gonna get bitched out his life. I'll be made just a misery So probably that's why he's taken such smelly dumps in there and when you combine that with his smell of that pepson at the Carlos says the wall smeared with God I'll say one thing is breath must be okay because he he uses like I have it to but toothpaste to clean out whatever you that trench mouth Yeah, then he goes and smokes cigarette right after and he gets trench mouth right back the motorists teeth are orange I want to tell you something if you want to lose weight because you're fat because you're grotesque because you can't get laid maybe Because you haven't seen it in years you get in the shower and you're looking down all you see is a big fat Pupic or his book of Brian would say poopic Balance for life can do it for you because there's no cooking no shopping no cleaning or is you don't have to do anything No matter how dumb you are no matter how simple you are They take care of it for you. They bring you a little black sack They deliver it to your door at work at your office and you massage parlor by six o'clock every morning And in their all-year of food for the day is waiting for you you get to choose between two choices for every meal Three gourmet meals are in your sack along with two delicious snacks and these are all in little plastic containers That you can microwave everything is fresh. There's nothing frozen. There's nothing prefab no chemicals no garbage No little pigeon size portions either plenty of food to keep you satisfied and lose the weight all through the day So if you've tried all the other diets and I have a work for you if you're frustrated because you just don't know what to eat and I lose that weight Give this a try cuz like the beast He's turning into like almost the real human being pretty soon Let balance for I take care of this year call 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 or check them out of the web if you like it balance for like dot com 5 6 Bonnie Don't lie over You repapricate awesome If whatever night you take Your first produz an egg for years with president dumb shit I wanna know what I can do Most most more And get to hear the all about it more In your arments Don't go, it's rather stupid Don't go, it's rather stupid Don't go, it's rather stupid Don't go, it's rather stupid He's president, don't go Yeah, don't care what it's all You got him in by the crumple of the Christian Oh, I know what it does if you and I But have a coffee We've got a great leader here With president What a scary outfit I'm going to 45, 67, who... There's moth just came in the door Turn around, walk right back out Were you looking for me? Because I can put on another couple of bits It's just a chat for a few minutes I always enjoy chatting with the moth Anyway, here's the fact that It says you should have three answers for your sex pool From Frank, thank you, Frank, it's kind of cute Try weekly, spell T-R-Y, try weekly To T-R-I-Dash weekly, try weekly And third, T-R-Y, W-E-A-K, try weekly That's it, Frank, I like it Let's hear it for Frank He's lame, that's going Frank I'm not saying you're about lame I want you to stop everything you're doing right now Whatever you're having in there, forget about that Because I have a major bulletin for you I You know who's a major asshole? I mean, I don't know I'm a weak sister man, I'm weak I'm weak, I'm weak, I'll find you to have Marlon Brand Or slap me on the side of my pussy No, don't look for the drop in please Just listen to me, very important You're a close personal friend, Big Fanny You're as gregg, from hunger Now, didn't I try to appease him And didn't we try to have like a little fun with him In fact, this every day we've been done on it Right? Yes, I knew it was a mistake He's a sick, crazy person What the hell? What the hell? What the hell? What the hell? What that? And I stand by what I've always said The chronics are the chronics They're not just the chronics They're crazy people, gore to tell them Exactly Since we've actually, now I don't care what Don't I read the moment They're critical, they're costic, they're sarcastic Today he's not only upset with the nine to ten hour He's upset with everything I've ever talked about on the show He's a lunatic Do not ever facts this again Because just like certain other facts Is it coming here? If we see the writing, if we see the printing, if we see the telltale signs Right in the shmit can All to be doing is wasting some time Although we'll keep you off the street Here's a certifiable, crazy person Who now is dissatisfied, not only the nine to ten hour But also would have fact that everything else I've ever talked about He must have a short memory I'm bigger than you Remember all those psychotic facts Is that he used to send way back when when he was Hating you because he wouldn't talk to him on the air Yeah, be rating you for very much the same thing Have you ever had any of this? Yes, you do, you play, you say the glasses How about the Ramon somebody says We're not going to get with this All right, a lot of stuff to do Include a little chat with the dove He looked like a lot of puppy when he came here Didn't he? Looks like he was looking for shelter How about the Ramon's for the thing to mark And Queen, can't hear enough Queen on the air Says Rick and Tampa How do you like that? We're getting facts from Tampa and I think that, how do you like that? That's just jealous because they want a Super Bowl Okay, don't be picking on Tampa Even though mostly a bunch of my grits probably not one Maybe he is, but he likes Queen so we know what he is So Queen and the Ramon's, right? And for an ACDC Jess, now where are we here that on local? The Zeta play Queen? I don't know And I wouldn't know No, Carl, I'm not talking about Paul Colis Yeah, when's the last time you heard a Queen record on Zeta? Six months ago he said Well, that's not got a cut at Mr. Okay Which song was it too? Oh, James? Oh, James? We are the champion Well, well, what a surprise! Oh, we are the champion You know something if I've heard that again I'm going to turn into Freddie Mercury Between that and another one byced to dumb I'm going to put a big earring on my ear The size amount of rush more Yeah Another one byced us to be improvement over We are the champion Yeah, but take play it It's just like, do we really want to hear that thing from the games again? Rock and roll part one two and five Gary's glitter All that glitter is not so old Maybe too young If we don't want to hear that anymore Why don't they stop? And that's another thing Gary Better than every arena It's all prefabricated The same crap on the screen Oh, nobody comes into our house And pushes us around You know, the home team is losing like six nothing Nobody comes into our house And pushes us around Right By the way, what's his name? Brian Trachig at Fire at his coach at the Rangers Let's hear it Anything bad that happens to the Rangers Makes me happy Because they suck the whole organization Just spewing out money Bad money after worse Or is it the other way around Thanks Rick and Tampa a couple of good suggestions there Of course what does Rick and Tampa know about the music Maybe maybe he's lived here Maybe he knows the radio here sucks Come friend Oh, let me put that down there So I can enjoy it after the show Oh, here's a whole list Oh, oh, good list I don't want to well rush that We'll get into it This could be a very lengthy list This could take days and days So thanks very much to our mercenessive idea for that poll I like those then the audience loves those Good look at that we actually got some calls on there Which we make you think you just shut the name out right here No See this is the problem we got That's why we had so many problems with the bedtime stirs Because Georgia's too lazy to screen a phone calls He can't take the abuse He can't take the punishment I can take it No, you can't No, you can't Now that you got that big new fat contract the years you got no excuses anymore For what? I had to take a chunk out of Carlisves pay check just to cover it Since times are really tough and now we got Bill Mullin working here in sales That's That's It's not possible It's never our good friend Scott Schwartz when he came to work here We said you made a bad mistake The mole when he came in the door Who do you come and see? Us because he's our friend He's our buddy Good guy Scott and Laura Schwartz For the 15 kids David's I told you that's so about how she stiff me at work He's at day She saw me coming and like ran the other way Get out She had to run the other way but she was in her ears I remember that Yeah, and so she looked Oh, oh not Neil I don't have time to say hello And we always said hi And I was it She just She haven't you had times in your life When you've been in a situation where like in a major emergency Like going and buying diapers and Walgreens or something And you'd be bothered with it like Carlos with you saw him out of the corner you're right You probably run even if I didn't have somebody Throw one of the diapers Public come in handy and that's sink While Mo is reaching around for them balls 10 past 11 at 5.60 W to QMA Speaking of balls If you're still laying yours on the same old lumpy worn out mattress Here's the answer for it. Get a great new mattress Look at Miguel how much happier he looks these days You want it a while? He's getting laid 20, 30, 40 times on the great new mattress From dial a mattress He looks spent 1,800 mattress 1,800 mhttr Yes, we'll guarantee you a great night sleep for years to come Take it for me I'm sleep it on one with my little dog Unfortunately He's on a way out Call 1,800 mattress It's the easiest What are you laughing about? That's not funny my little dog's got liver disease And he's on a way out in your lap And in my little dog Damn you They carry silly service and King Corlan Every size and every style And the best part when you call down on my fridge They got 30 days they give you to try it out And your home with the best comfort exchange policy ever heard up Some places make you sleep on the new mattress for at least 30 Sometimes even 60 nights before you can exchange it If you're not comfortable after the first night You just bought yourself 59 more sleepless nights before you can do anything about it Then they'll charge you for restocking Read delivery and you pay 4 retail prices on exchanges That's not the way anybody wants to do business And that's not the way they do business at dial a mattress For real comfort, no hidden charges of extra fees Call 1,800 mattress right now If you need an exchange you do so any time Within their 30 day comfort exchange period No hassles No problem If you'd like to shop online check them out at mattress.com That's the website for dialing mattress If you want to see it before you buy it MacRest.com's got pictures of mattresses The expert been concerned suggest So take a look on there at mattress.com Make the call now and enjoy a great night sleep for a long time To come you'll feel a lot better for it And your back will thank you here like a little voice coming for your back Saying which is grossiest Call 1,800 mattress 1,800 MATTRES The perfect answer for a perfect night sleep This is for 20 likes It's a good way And your breath is beautiful And now on the farm, where's Gassy? The wonder dog In our last episode, Gassy was able to put a mountain lion to sleep And fork is attempt to steal a baby sheep But this week the farmer smells smoke Fire, fire in the barn A fire in the barn Only cow The door's jam And all the men are all just in there What do we do to me? I got an idea Gassy, you don't open the door But the fire out Harder Gassy The door's still stuck Come on Gassy, you can do it It's still stuck, it's no use You don't have to do it Gassy, try as hard as you can The fire's going out And the door's open, all the animals are safe Good job, girl Good girl Gassy Guess this means an extra bit plate of beans tonight To an next week for the continuing adventures of Gassy, the wonder dog 116 at 5.60 WCM, what an entemper little bastard that Carlisce is, you know my little dog's on a way out And he's laughing, he's making fun of it, that was In very poor taste I'm going to do an office pool on the date New pool, how much does your girlfriend or wife weigh? These people, man, they're all cry, now didn't we ask? We asked for creative pools How much does your girlfriend or wife weigh? And he's got all these categories, less than 100, more than 200, etc I don't think so, you think so? What does that mean? How much does your wife or girlfriend weigh? How much does your wife or wife weigh? Yeah, forget about your wife or girlfriend, what you're probably trying, forget about that How much does your wife weigh? I see all of you guys out there 90% Like, better than I am, and that's pretty fat Oh, beast, tubby, got a huge overhang Big, big, pup-ic I've already done it on your post like that, been at a split layer Cake, I ate it at the track all the time I don't business a diabetic like me, a fat-old diabetic, eating banana split layer cake It's good They're like, all that They're like, raspberry sauce or something, like, what the hell is your tombstone? It was good Yeah, it was good And I did it to say fat-rich, whatever that means You threw yourself on it Stop playing the guilt-trip, son of me, okay you guys I didn't come back to town, so I could sit at the track, they're holding fat-rich Haven't him say, oh, I had it, I got the triple I got one over to six, seven, eight, I don't care I really don't care, it's getting really ponderous Isn't it amazing how some people can take and experience that you, like our six pool Taking experience that you otherwise enjoy a lot and turn into something awful Kind of like working here, you know what I'm saying? Don't miss the gym manager, I go over show today When you hear the sound of a hockey goal, be the fifth card of the contest line 1-800-227 6-060 to win, that's 1-800-2270560 When a per-ticket surpets his home game And you'll be qualified to win tickets to the NHL all start here on Sunday Now, Clarence made a change in that because the original copy, I don't want to say what it's saying Because it said that leaves game next Wednesday Maybe the knock-even-away tickets to the leaves game free Maybe we got some least friends going to be there, I'll be there Next Wednesday, February 5 At the Macaroon-Eventus Center Formally called So anyway, here's this list Groups that ought to be played a lot more on South Florida radio ELO, oh yeah Alan Parsons project, okay So, first so good, garbage They meant Vivo Okay, Vivo, answer The monkeys of the last train at Clarksville and Dave Dream believer Yeah, there's a lot of other goods, what do you mean? What do you give me? I look like that Well, the party's trying to make is that they only play those two like I'm a man I understand, you don't like the monkeys Yeah, but they're like the monkeys What's wrong with your man? Are you some kind of a communist? That's like they don't play it off our cheese The monkeys had a lot of big hits The Archie The Archie's more in the real-grain number one And neither were the monkeys That's not true, Peter Thurk was a five musician, so was Michael Nase None of the new had to play anything when they got the job We'll be each other The only one you're talking about is Davey Jones and the Mickey Dolans We're not real musicians Michael S. has wrote a lot of music He was like a one But the fact is that they had a lot of big hits Okay, here we go, we're not going to be able to put groups on it The George doesn't like That's not what I'm saying We just got the parameters of this pull I'm not really going to be the kind of person I'm not putting anything on your George doesn't like it like the Frick and monkeys I like the monkeys I like the monkeys a lot Even though Davey Jones looks like he smells real bad Just the right amount of monkeys on the radio No, no, how do you know Once the last time you heard a monkey song Oh, exactly Davey and believe we're last trying to Clark's film Well, I see what you're saying, sarcasm I'm going to put this damn thing out Oh, I got it Oh, no, you're game Two can talk with this thing in their mouth And the BG's before and after certain I fever Which I thought I did a fantastic job if I say so myself and my arms were gone I pat myself on the back and the ass That was great Because we never hear any of those great songs It says and I'll pay money if somebody will break into magic and steal or copy of if you want to be happy for the rest of your life It's because every eight-year-old in a ten-town requested is me that you keep playing it. Do you mean so if you want to be happy? I don't know We want to hear that I'll chip into that car Or build me up buttercup by the foundations Don't want to hear it again ever Ever Why don't you Build me up So there you go, I think we got a lot to you That's a good list And the monkeys will go unlist and spudger crab Oh they're not really musicians Yeah That's not why it's just it's just bubble gum It's like the Archies It's just from a lot of people They're like music The Archies are not defining it to one category The kind of music that you like I understand Okay, if somebody says they ought to play more to pack or whatever I'm not going to put it on it because I don't like crab music It's up to these What they want How would you want If it's a must You want We could discuss that before the show I mean we don't need to take a poll If you want It's the fun of what you want We know what you want What's that What you didn't get last night at Treasure Island That's what you want How do you know? Did he? No Carlissel no chance He's not saying Oh really? Oh 231 votes Which of these statements best describes your sex life Could be better 42 Could be a lot better 39 Okay 36 Sensational 34 Something of the past 24 Solo 22 No exist in 17 Week 9 And I'm desperate Oh Eight Eight Eight Eight Eight Two much is a track last night I'm paying for it today Didn't want to be there? Shouldn't have been there Can I not end with a money? I lost 50 bucks What's 50 bucks to a big shot like me right Carlos? It's small potatoes Three weeks pay for you Small potatoes for me Didn't want to be there Direct Richie Evan Didn't want to be there Is there something like is there a sign that I'm missing one I look in a mirror to shave that says Am I forehead? A sign babysitter for other people? Actually it's what your mole is It's just very tiny print Underneath the mole Here's a call from Miramar Hello Amy, I got a name for your list How bad? Well hopefully I mean never a quote Might have been you never recorded a bad song Jim Crow Chi Jim Crow Chi, excellent boy And you're going to have a red dead People we like too was unallist And they always played a really well-bound Or whatever Or whatever And you want your operator run Just some radio here That's always fucking But another list of people you never want to hear again on the radio That's a good point I could take a war Okay thanks What do you mean I could take a long time? Like the monkeys you can't hear them anymore That's not what I said Yeah Do you want to hear the monkeys? Sure, let's play some monkeys I got monkeys Anyhow what I got? I got trained monkeys Well we knew that Oh, and I see I'm going to put this on to list Even though I don't I won't say I don't like them I don't have a need to hear them again I agree Boston Very good I like Boston as a city As a group I could take them or leave My liked it all And then they played it And played it More than a squealing Oh And no I had the record I had to give it away Just because I didn't want to hear it anymore Well I have a feeling Let's see Here's what it says Depeche mode The cure and the Smiths Excellent Choices all Yeah I have no problem with those See I'm agreeable here Because I'm opening this up To a wide variety And I did make a mistake the other day When we were like doing the The dead artists And we should have put two pack on there And biggie smalls and smallgie big And would be IG And notorious body hollow And say, you know them And we didn't And I got news for it We had if you're going to take a pull And what's the point of just Gearing it to your own You know You just come on to make it a announcement Readless Here's the people I like here's the group So I like it that's it You know what kind of a show is that? What kind of a bunch of crap is that? Crap Right So there you go 560 560 Pound 560 On the AT&T In Verizon Wireless Line Really? And then I think about a week We'll take the pull on the 9 to 10 I was the Virgustilot I can do much commentary about it Which you know I can take it or leave it But we'll find out when we take that pull Won't we? Well, we'll find something out When we buy that, why are you so? I don't know why is he such an asshole Can you explain that to me? It's natural Oh I just have a feeling that they're going to want to pee on the parade I don't have any idea what they're going to do I think a lot more stuff will give like an honest opinion They will analyze it and they'll say hey I hated or I like it Or it's greater it sucks That's what they'll say Look at the pull we took on you a lot of them said Well, here's Riverirabee, chill Needle are you wound up You say I'm in white helmet And it's great It's awful I don't know I still don't know what you played that bush on is this perfect The next is exactly what I want to bring up I was not an automob somebody about I thought bush is just a dumbest guy I've come down the bike I wouldn't say the dumbest but he certainly in the running Well, I've been in it well, I'll maybe jail for some of the bush You can't hold it If you like them or you know like them, you just can't hold Clenten up the bush Clenten could speak on it as the B.T. could jail Yeah All right It makes me sick, watch and push up there And by the way, all of this fury And now about the sudden a concern about the AIDS plague in Africa You do notice who he's just over there When in last couple of months and really spearheading this whole thing Was Bill Clinton About bringing awareness of not only this administration But the whole world of the millions of people over there In fact, and the AIDS plague that's going over there That was Bubba did that I'm sure the group is everything he did But just like he had a grass He had a grass who was going on And last, I lost a little bit of the state of even I can't stand you, you know, 77 Tenializations But this wasn't seen except behind him with that little smoke Yeah Like we really run in this show, George is with the puppet up there You can see those dollar signs And all of you, you almost see like a gas pump Like right next to his left ear I'm from Paris and the direction is company there Even though this is heart pump Yeah, I'm gonna go off the outside I'm going to go off the outside I think they should change the name of the author Game this year Without Mario and Patrick Paul Before I do and And that's something you know I'm not going to talk to some star king So there you go Yeah, there you go That's the other reason I'm not going Maybe I'm not going to have to do Thanks for the good news and have a good time How about those race last night, three, two, one Coming out of their comma Oh thank goodness I'd be in a really sour foul mood if they would have lost last night Wouldn't you? Oh no Don't like the monkeys You don't like the maple leaves I didn't say I didn't like the monkeys And what does this mean? Favorite beetle song We've already done that, Paul You see F. Kenny you're on a really bad wool lately You also fact something the other day which luckily for him I forgot it It was really crap That he means well, you know he loves the show he's involved in it He just full of crap Like a lot of people around here He had current insurance if he got into the past Maybe he had an accident Do you have really bad credit? Uh-huh If he answered yes to any of these things Then here's what you ought to do You ought to call the people at Florida first insurance at 188 506-723 I did lose the number real good at that time But believe me during the course of this message You'll hear it many many many many times again Florida first insurance had the current insurance policy plan for everybody Regardless of your past record They've got low down payments can get you the current insurance You need for his little 35 bucks a month Call him now 1-88-506-7283 They offer free quotes And their family owned an operated with years of experience You deserve the current insurance you need but call him now 1-88-506-7283 If you need home life, health or commercial insurance Florida first insurance will get you covered And right now is a special promotion Stop by any Florida first insurance location Get you a quote And you'll get two free casino cruise passes Compliments of biggest marketing a $60 value Absolutely free Call 1-88-506-7283 Get a current insurance quote from these folks And get two free casino cruise passes at the same time Don't forget no matter what your car history record is What your current insurance needs are These are the people who can do it for you and do it right Florida first insurance Call 1-88-506-7283 Fly and local air sports video 5-60-us You a-m Fuck it in and hold it I got to stay in home And stay in bed to come and sneeze I might be out of work two weeks It's nasty fucking stuff to be between Now what they're not my survival Now that I've got this awful clue I'm going into my tissue But if I be in the sugar bar It will fall Oh Finally I'm going to stay in bed So don't you blame me Oh my complain But buddy No, there's a problem I got wet now scroll Think that you're fine, man Finally So that you'll stay in bed So don't you blame me Oh my complain Finally Through that you'll stay Yes Finally Through that you'll stay Yes 27-old owner's 5-60 WCM the Mad Dog in one Hacks in a building in day 3-7 And on 7 o'clock We have to ship GoPand to preview Panthers and a Red Wings in Detroit 7-3 tonight Eddie Kamp to the hockey game during Mark Over night And then in the morning Well Here's another facts Bands that they want to hear on the air That they don't hear in New Order Radiohead WCM Well Very good list I know two of those four They're all good Well, monkeys are good too Yeah they are They seem like a bubble guy And they're not musicians And they can't sing for Schmidt Play the tape back They are all deaf I hear that They're played as much as I need to hear them When I'm not asking I'm just... I'm not a green with all of them anyway, but like I just said, it's not a question of what you want to do. Did I just explain this to him a moment ago, which is getting a little bit redundant and repetitive. But I can't you mention this first time. What I said. Anyway, so we'll put that in also on the bottom here to Zeta's socks and you are. That's the little bit correct. Oh, here's another suggestion for another pull. Oh, look at this. They got the traffic and the band. I'm putting them on. I'm not going to look good to you. They're fine. Put them on. I'll put them on. I'll put them on. I'll put them on. Yeah, let's hear that again. Let's hear that. Let's hear that. Oh. Oh, I hear it one more time. I've become a hear the way that I think about fat boy. And here's the future pull. Future sex pull. Of course, this is Chuckie and Pepper Pies who means well. What sex act you prefer, Bob? All right. I'm sure you've already done this. What have been away? What sex act you prefer, Bob? I haven't you done that? No, not really actually. Get out of town. Have it. Straight missionary sex, doggy style, do you house your style? She's on top. What do you mean she? I'm sorry, Chuckie. I'll face to face, sitting, tunnelingous, analingous, rectum. Felaccio, oral stimulation, digital penetration, anal insertion, other please describe. How do you please describe on the poll? Are you just Chuck other? But it says other please describe. Or would be Eric to leave a blank. Then people could write an essay. Okay. Have a great day. You two Chuckie and Pepper Pies. That's something to think about off. I'll save that. Okay, for a future desperate moment. Like Monday. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon line. I did not buy tickets for the All-Star Game. Moses, I'm very sorry. And quit taking Osterroids because you started to blow up like a balloon. But I didn't buy tickets for the All-Star Game so no you can't have them. And if I did, that by them, I'm sure somebody else would have already scanned them. Okay. Don't you think? I would think. I've had only about 600 people last week. Oh, if you're not going to use those tickets the All-Star Game, can I? Didn't buy tickets to the All-Star Game. Knowing full-on events that I would never under any circumstances go to a meaningless game where many of the top stars, the most important ones will not be participating anyway. So can I have them? Yeah. You can have all I got. Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Pretty good. I got a band for your pullback. And I also want to say another thing for a quick about the state of the Union, the other day. Yeah. You know, I'm not a big bush fan and I tried to watch it for a couple minutes with me and my wife just to see what he had to say. Every three seconds, everyone's applauding and standing up and clapping. And I really didn't understand what he was saying. He really wasn't getting to any point in every two seconds. Everyone kept clapping. No, no, no. I think it was good. That's why the state of the Union dresses really, a waste of time. It's a symbol crap. So I watched it for two minutes. And I turned it off. I said, I can't stand this. All they're doing is clapping. Anyways, for the band, now they got a real awful name. And I know you're going to hate the name, but I think they're great band, Jeff Rob Paul. Are you right on the first part? That doesn't mean I'm not going to put him down. I'm not going to be like George and build a pole based on what I like. Thank you. Well, you're all right, I need on the matter with George. But no, Jeff Rob Paul is great. They don't get enough radio play and the stuff they do play on the way. Yeah, you're doing that. That, that, that, that, that. Oh, boy. They don't want to those bands that have a lot better music on the CDs that did then they play on the radio. So, but I put them down for me. I'll appreciate it in George's top crap and so much. Yeah, quick taken somebody down, Stuart. OK, thank you very much. Good call. Jeff, throw a dull at all. A bird said there's in a clock. I'll look at his facts. Isn't that cute? Oh. It's a picture of a bird just like kind of like a splotin in the middle there. Somebody says, you liked it. If I go at Orchard, then we already say EL. Oh, we said that. That was one of the very first ones, but thank you anyway. The facts are pouring in now. Bands that you'd like to hear more play on the soft float FM radio, which they're not playing because they play the same crap over and over and over and over and over again. Oh, look at this. The band. Buffalo Springfield is opposed to Dusty Springfield. Chris Buffalo Springfield's got about two records. Right. For what it's worth. And. What? Echo records, I believe. Buffalo Springfield, I can see it right now. What do you know about Buffalo Springfield? There were 60's. Good. I like. Um, like I said, they had one song. They were like a one hit wonder. Let's do one hit wonders again. What do you say? No, I'll allow materials up in Toronto. And if it ever gives about freezing him, maybe I'll go back. For what it's worth. Stop. Hey, what's that sound? I didn't, I never realized that's like part of the title. Did you? In parentheses? No. Learn something already. It's not even noon today. And we learned something. For what it's worth. Stop. I'll be damned. Anyway, superstar group formed in Los Angeles. Steven stills vocals in guitar. Neo Jung and Richie foray guitars. Stop calling here Woody. Bruce Palmer bass. And do we Martin drums? Stills in young later form. How's that across these liver doing by the way? Foray later formed. Poca. Oh no. Going from Buffalo Springfield to Poco. Yeah, let's put them on the list. You know, Poco must not. Poco. I think it one thing if somebody calls with Poco, we'll, we'll, we're not putting them on the list. And not only that we'll trace the call. And we'll send the Woody over there. Hypocrite to an oil and the rest of their lives. Group was inducted. The rock and roll hall of fame in 1997. They had one hit. Buffalo Springfield. Oh, I thought you were talking about Poco. 1998. No, no, seriously. I mean, they had one hit. It was a great song. And it was like, what was the year 1967? Like I said, At Correccaz. Like I said, at co-6459. Did not give you the number of the, you know, the record. Pretty damn good for an old fart like me. At Correccaz. I can see the white and yellow label right now. Can't you see it? No. Oh. I wish we had that. I'd like to play that. You want to know why? Because it's so appropriate. Right now. 2003. Very appropriate right now before we start sending off a bunch of kids to be killed. And blowing up the whole day and world. Just because we got a bunch of crazy people out there who want to hook up their other thing to the, the hose to one hook, do a hose job. Want to be great. You know, we used to get pictures back. Or it said, baby milk factory from Iraq. Now we'll have one's come back saying, Chevron, you know, things like that. Here we speak for Chevron. Mobile. Exxon. Stuff like that. 19 till noon at five, 60. WQA. I'll tell you about a place all you people that are fat. That thing about your spouse or your wife. How much did they weigh? What? I mean, all you fat people out there. You're in denial. I'm very, this, this made the tell you. I'm a fat slob. Okay. Nothing I could lie about it. But I'm a fat slob. Like a lot of you people are if you want to lose weight. There's a story that's dedicated to you. Delights a West Booker. Over 600 delicious low-car food products in this one unique incredible store. Try this week. There's specially simply low-car blow. A delicious new brand. A bread with just three grams of digestible carbs for slice. And delicious taste of whole wheat bread. You'll be in snack heaven when you sink your teeth into some of that. Oh, I still want my grilled cheese sandwich, by the way. So whether it's carbohydrate ice cream, bread, chips, muffins, cheese cakes, pasta and sauces. The lights, the West Booker is the place to shop, where you can stock up on all these good things. And anything in the story you look at that looks pretty interesting, too. You can try it before you buy it. There's staff knows dieting inside and out. There are open seven days a week, 10-10. And it can create the most complete line of ad kind brand products. You've ever heard of that there are always 25% off every day all day. So if you're one of those adkins people, if you really believe that low-carb dieting works for you, there's a lot of people. Here's the number one low-carb sugar feast or anywhere around the lights of West Booker. They're on the Northeast corner of Glades and 441 next to Boston Market. You can call them toll-free, 1-877 low-carb, find them on the web at low-carb.com. Don't forget there is only one. Delights of West Booker's your official atkins retail center. My life and low-carb! This is 42560. You weigh it in way, yeah. And stick. I ain't a big rock star in lovely time. Yes I've made it. While my guitar is only raised. My baby walks with my axe, but I can't play it. Yes my guitar, low-release. I have known talent, but great public relations, but I've been heavy rotation on M.T.C.E. You've been fat, I can't just smile, as a fellow billion companies with hair so sloppy and my rich cheese. I live to get the strongs of our whole course, Yes I've made it. And my guitar, low-release. I've made it. I've made it. We've been all in your outside. It's 147.5. You can feel the size on this fact. Can you imagine a radio station that I've only played great music from classical artists like the Dora's Henders, Clapin' it, etc., that we never hear, but also Zappa. I don't know. I can't imagine it. These are here music, I don't know. 12 hours a day, and I am, I'm something only the same. I'm fed only the same Schmidt every afternoon days, so it's full. What a shame. When you leave talk radio, how about starting your own stage with good music. You'd blow all the other crap stations out of the water. Come on, you know, if you're feeling charitable, you'd hire George's just been records in mumble. You wanted to have records in mumble? Yeah, sure. What's all right, you know why not? It's been records in mumble. Who doesn't want to spend records in mumble? Right. And I'd like to be an angry prophet to not sing the Apocryse of our time. But here's another great list. Really good stuff, Neil Young? I mean, other than Southern Man and Harder Gold, it says, songs from Pet Sounds, other than Wouldn't It Be Nice in the Snoop John B, or more beatboys in general, other than the surfing or a song like for example, he says, Yeah, he's got Brown Crowder. He's still doing. All this time I never knew. Until I saw that, that's that end. There was Crowder. All this time I thought it was, uh, a part of the world. That family, and it was by seeing the owner, or something like that. I think we're going to get a listen to the particular poll. What do you mean? Because we were talking about it earlier. There are a lot of bands that get played a lot, but only one or two songs. And that's not what you're asking necessarily. Is it? Or is it? I said I was putting the beatboys on there. I mean, but he does have a point. Why I think we're getting some of that. It is a good point. Because this is also the same fact that said, Buffalo Springfield has opposed to Dusty Springfield. And of course, she's dead and there's still alive. All of them. Yeah, as far as I know. Maybe the guy from Poco is he dead. I don't think so. Poco. You're young. You're still alive. Yeah. They would cross. We still listen that liver. Steven Swill. Three. What? He just turned 96. He's dead. He's down to the dead. They might be giants. Yes. I have no idea who that is. I feel so old now. I don't know who that is. Well, they're kind of old. Old alternative. Original alternative. They might be giants. Yeah. Like good songs. Is good as the monkeys? Well, different genre. Yeah. Completed. I'll save them. Well, this is going to be a lot of work. You know what? This is going to be a lot of poor Eric is up there. He's probably like regurgitating sandwiches. He had for breakfast this morning. Save that stuff by the way, Carlos is out of the room. And why is he out of the room so much? See, he like chain smoking since we gave him that 25 bucks. He went out there and bought that cart in the bag. It's as early as his chain smoke. He's having stomach problems right now. Is he really? Yeah. Maybe he had some of these sugar free holes mental loop this. I didn't get him from these having stomach problems. He's having some issues. Between you and if he's having some issues, I sure hope he brought some tissues. Between you and him. Ladies and gentlemen, for those who keep track of a diary of this show every day. Between Georgian Carlos, I think that's 86. Perhaps, and it's not even noon yet. I just had the one. Wow. Anyway, here's the fact that it says that they play the BG. You can hear Stan alive and never lie to him. But why are we all doing that? Sean. If they played George Harrison, you'll hear that Dürge, while my guitar gently weeps which inspired me to play that. What's I love that bit by that? But not you, what is life or dark horse? Here's the groups. Yeah. Oh, we got. Thank you. Moody Blues. Okay. 38 special? Okay. See now, you don't like 38 special. You gave me that look. And I don't I play that. I'd like inside. Inside. Behind. What's upon a time? They were the played. And they kind of got destroyed for me. Why is that? Because they were overplayed. Oh. Radio has it ruined certain songs or groups for you. And I just hit you saying that. Yeah, or if you were listening instead of sitting there, shmoosen with Carlos, what is it? Probably what's making him sick? Yes. Yes. It says they're coming at a tracer. Great for Gays to get a crap break or knock off a piece of ass. And Jeff wrote tell with somebody just saying, Is it humanly possible even a gunpoint for a big 160 or 60 minutes without paying a plank, pink fluid? If I hit a wall one more time, I'm going to put the B of PD's heads. And what is the T-dance? I'm not sure we're going to win. I'm not sure we're going to win. Bob, Jesus, man, are you just on Tinder hooks? Whatever that means. What is a Tinder hook? I don't know. Is it anything like a Twitter? Did you heard that, have you? No. Login to the machine. The dooby brothers. Yeah, we hear enough dooby brothers. Don't we? I'm crossing that out. The Eagles. No, I don't know. They were played the death, but I guess I don't know. Who plays the anymore? Not that I would. Magic? Really? I don't know. I don't know. Well, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. And that's the reason I don't listen to this. If you want to be happy, go to resty your life. What do they play besides life in the fast lane? Who? I don't know. Do I listen to the FM and this market? I don't know. We're on quiet. I don't know. And that's the reason I don't listen to this. So they play the same. You've lost that 11 feet, I'm out of the right. His brothers. And I'll get built mentally. Come out of my left. And Bob, he had field coming out of the other one. Okay? Oh. So the morbid and depressing. No. 27. God. Depressing morbid music. At least a monkey's music. Most of it is a beat. Yes. It's fun music. Yeah. I mean, most of the beat's boys music is fun music. Right? Yep. Even though they're more than depressing themselves, the ones who are still alive. Steely Dan. Are we out of gas? Yeah. We're out of gas. Oh. I don't think Carlisce is from what I'm hearing. What is your problem? I think he has a bleeding ulcer or something. What? His stomach is killing him. Meaning what? I don't know what that means. Means what it means. He just took an ants acid. I think we better send the hospital to the emergency room. I must have dried at Mount Sinai. Maybe he could be in the same bed that Morris was in. Maybe he had the same doctor. Maybe he'd get the same operation. Anyway, Mike says he still need to have that place. He's still need to have that place tested for mole. Well, thank you anyway, Mike. But it will pass. Well, what's the use? Yeah. I'm not going to be here that much longer anyway. And as far as Georgia's concern. Yeah. Whatever. Small potatoes. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. So when we go, why don't you come in here and take the other one? Part when you come in here. But I'll give you all of these. What aren't we going to do that, man? You're so far. Because we don't need to repeat. And I don't have the time to sit here. Right all I crap down. Do we have the time for that? Not especially now that we got that new time to send the comedy bits out every day. Because now it seems like we just sat down and it's not all right. Yeah. You can maintain a constant energy level all the way to the end. Which of these statements, best describes your sex life. Okay, 55 could be a lot better 54 could be better 52. Sensational 50. 15.6% of this crowd so far say their sex life is sensational. And then we're just taking a little bit of a break to go to their pewter and, you know, vote on a poll and they're right back at it. So low 32. Something in the past 28, not exist in 26, week 12 and on desperate 10. Here's a call from Cooper City, hello. Hey, New York, how are you? Okay, sir. Hey, listen, let me do with your poles or anything. I was driving the other day. I was coming to Kentucky, I believe it or not. And this guy came on. He's a national radio. I mean, you go to the indicated show and all. And he started talking about you as far as I kind of leave something saying that, you know, it's a disgrace and that somebody in the top administration should be, Yeah, why is that? Well, because he was saying that it's wrong. It shouldn't be that he played and he didn't play it. I was going to call him up. I had to take with me and I was going to call him up and play it. But he read the words. Yeah, what a phone. And saying, you know, what a one-of-world. And it was a disgrace and that he called a radio station. And the radio station said that whatever goes on in that show has nothing to do with management, the station, whatever. He was, what's the point? Well, I was just saying that you know what he was saying was that it was a big disgrace and he was talking a lot. But a lot of things I see. Why do I care about that? What he says? I'm talking about it. I'm just telling you. We don't care about what people in Kentucky or in Illinois for that matter any other place. We care about what the people in this market. And so far for 27 years, they've been most of them pretty happy with his show to ones who aren't, they don't listen to it. Makes sense to me. Four minutes till noon at 5.60 WCM, do I mind doing the right spot? I just dropped the law. What's the bottom I'm doing now? Delight. Oh, no. Sorry. How it? Well, you don't want to be messing with Tom Layman. He'll come right over here and drive a vehicle right over your head. Tom Layman and Joe Preyato are up to their arm pits and vehicles right now because the factory sent them so many cars as no place to park him. Even Tom Layman had to park a whole bunch in his driveway in cars too so they like to place one in yours. How live is blowing out all the new vehicles regardless of profit including the Pontiac Vime starting only 13,998 and up to five grand off every GMC on-voin stock. Plus get 0% financing, up to a $3,000 rebate. And hell, it's also that like you'll always find their rage aganic almost endless sea. A tremendous selection of dependable pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs. Maybe you'd be like a tax rebate on your SUV George, but I doubt it. And if your credit is really bad man, if it blows. If it's marginal, if it's not existing, that's not a problem in hell because they'll find a way to get you into whatever you're looking for. It's the Winter Bliss and Emergency Clearance Elg, going on right now at Halipani, GMC, the same great place where they've been doing people great for over 35 years. 134-01 South Dixie Highway, that's you was one across from the falls open every day, seven days a week. And you can save even more by mentioning that you're larger sent you by. Call the New Rogers Neal Deal Hotline at 1-348-534-4211. That's 1-348-534-4211 for Halipani, GMC, who are professional grades. And low-o. This is 4-205-64. And way, way, way. Yeah. Myainus. Myainus. Myainus. Myainus. Myainus. Myainus. Myainus. Myainus. Myainus. Myainus. Myainus. Myainus. Myainus. Myainus. Myainus. Myainus. Myainus. Myainus. Myainus. Myainus. Myainus. Well. Hi kids. Your like cut little sinkers. That fun little sound becomes right out your sinkers. I'm hoping to copy me and do exactly like I do. Get paid for right little songs about Google. My brain's all gone. I'm trying to get my groove on. But I can't figure out which fire school I'm going to fart on. And Dr. Dreas. Your old man, you past him. Hey, I'm not. What do I smell as? Then you look wet. Well, since age 12 it seemed like I always smell. I thought ripping gas isn't doing what's pretty swell. I got pissed off when I put my jeans off and bought it so hot. Turn my underwear backwards like Chris Cros. And every night I'm like, oh, dinner gas. Then put out my ass. Passed in the fat, they chew a few fats. Smell this honey. You'll feel way to mess the world. I don't give a fuck. God said me to stick the world up. My aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim express my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim proves God I am 2826 to help with the action she is my aim am shining with that one Bush bashing is a little much. Since you're supposed to be well informed, you must have missed Powell's announcement last week that oil and its revenues are to be held in trust for the people of Iraq. And Teddy Roosevelt told the Indians that someday they be able to open up gambling things and reservations. Casinos just takes a long time. As far as Chinese were so many millions now, I doubt he's to sacrifice our boys to put bread on the table. Oh, no, who's being right here. Yeah, now who's being naive? And, right, he's worth so many millions already. See, one thing about those people and the people that they represent, they never have enough. That's why you have these proposed tax cuts again for the rich. The first round, that was just like child play. I love to what their beak. Yeah, just one of the what their beak a little bit. Now they want to wet their whole body, at least down at their navel. So, and, you know, you're in time to your opinions, but this idea, well, I've listened for many years, but if you don't like what you had a program have a great life, that's all I can tell you. You don't have to agree with anything that I say. The show is mainly entertainment, but that does man's going to stop talking about El Presidente and these ghost peppers we got out there now. And I do do do do do. No, you're the ones that do do do. I do a lot of reading, I believe me. So I don't just make things up. In fact, if you went to our website and just beside the poll, which is just for fun and found a really interesting stories that are on her, maybe you might learn something too sweet heart. Although she's probably got her hip boots out. She's she's probably do stepping around the lunch table right now. When you think I could see it. One of three women finalist on the hit Fox reality show Joe millionaire is started under another name and doesn't have body and fetish films. A website reported yesterday. Sarah Cozer has appeared often bound and gagged, but fully clothe in such movies as Hogtide and help us heroines on the stage named Cindy Schubert, according to the smoking gun. In pictures on a website Cozer has seen bound and gagged in various poses. In some cases dressed as a cheerleader or nurse in other photos she's being tied up tying up men. How right. Cozer 29 could not be reached for comment. A spokesman for Fox which describes your occupation as sales and design on the show's website said only, we don't come into the personal lives of our reality show contestants. The program which was secretly taped in France late last year has drawn unexpectedly high ratings for Fox on Monday night. Except for me, I'm not watching it. Carlos ain't watching it. Georgian wasn't mad dog loves it. He loves it. Oh right. I think a lot of the guys, you know, the the job kind of guys. The ones that really hate women deep down underneath and resent them bitterly. Seriously. That's why they like that. Because they feel, you know, anything greater women are getting kind and have one put it over on them. So to speak, of course, the bottom line is that it looks like that the people are watching that are the ones are getting kind. But be that as it may. Look at it. Look at this full man. I'm telling you, we come up with something really spectacular here today. And the phone is as dead as a door now. One call. And especially like I said yesterday when we tried that and you compress it down to make the work of the audience that much less. Put less that much less pressure on them on a list building. Yeah. Very weak. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Miami. Hello. Hello there. How you doing? Okay, sir. Well, you can this one call has been listened to you for about 15 years now. This is the second time I've called. That's about good. That's right. I wanted to add two up until your lift. Yeah. Sugar call. Sugar 1? Sugar call? Sugar called? Yes. What does that? It's a group. Okay. Very good music. Never heard of it. Nobody here ever heard of it. I know. That's the problem. They have, they have, they've had a couple of songs out. But all their stuff is seems to be good. How they as good as the monkeys? Same type of music to be honest with you. Ah. Similar. I mean, I'm surprised that it's not doing better because of the type of music it is. And there's another one called the 40 zero. Yeah. What you could do with the pole is the split. It gives more days out of it. Yeah, we're going to hit we might do it for a couple of months. Well, we honestly did the responses pretty disappointing. And especially in a market with a music such crap, which everybody agrees with, you think that would be a lot better in this but this is this. Everybody's conditioned to listen to the crap that's down here. Yeah. You know, I mean, if I didn't have a computer and watch TV, very late at night, you don't hear about it. Group. Yeah. Okay. We got you down on that. All right. Have a good with. Here's the facts. It says Chicago, which I would agree with that. Especially. I played more good Chicago. Remember that show I didn't run or that few days. Yep. The best American group. What's we screwed up on it? We love so many good groups off of there. And so that gives us chance to do it again and get it right. PS. It says keep up the bush bashing. Yes, I will. Absolutely. Well, to see there's nothing. I hate to break the news to the right wingers. There's nothing that exempts this administration or anybody in it from criticism, from being, you know, criticize either seriously or a pair of ease or sat there. Anything else? There's no sign on the White House door. This is, well, we are above that and don't pick on us. Screw that. Doesn't work. That's amazing. I was discussing this with somebody yesterday. It's amazing to me. How you almost never read about liberals or moderates or peer independence trying to get conservatives off the air. It was the last time you ever read about that. Never. Once the first people on the right, they are always screaming about the liberal media. They don't just want some balance. What they want is everybody who's to let it until a dawn off the year now. So anybody who confuses anything that's done, whether it's here, any place else. And any other issues, it's all just outpizgation. It's all a slow screen. Anybody to the left of a till of the hunt must not be on the air expressing opinions contrary to this administration. And that's it. That's just the way it is. Joe McCarthi would not only be proud. He's a piker compared to this crowd. So, Ian, I hope you and a president have a great time. Okay. Sweetheart. Nine minutes after noon at five, 60 WQAM. I'll tell you one thing. If you're having sleepless nights tossing and turning, maybe it's because you're worried about the world blowing up, or maybe because of your mattress sucks, or maybe both. Well, I can't help you with the first part, but I can really help you with the second part. Dial on mattress are the people to call. 1-800 mattress, M-A-T-T-R-S will get you great night's sleep for months to come. George and Miguel and yours truly and everybody else with a brain realize now that this is the only intelligent way to shop for new mattress. Don't forget they're unbeatable delivery as far as delivery is concerned. They're on nobody can match him because they'll give you any to our window seven days week when it's convenient for you and they'll show up. When I say they will, I between noon and two, to and four, etc. And price can't be the more talking about everyday low prices and no bait and switch, exactly the mattress you want is in stock ready for nearly immediate delivery. The top brands in the world, C-Le, S-Le, S-M-N-K-K-K-R, Air-V-Size and some other sun, and you've got 30 days to try it out in your home with the best coverage change policy in the world. So why are we still at time in gas running around town, going from bedding to departments through and every place else, when you can just sit there make one easy call, tool free 1-800 mattress, and they'll be there in no time at all. Get yourself a great night's sleep, it'll make a big difference in the way you feel with dollar mattress 1-800-M-AT-T-R-ES. 1-800 mattress for dollar mattress, the answer for a perfect night's sleep. I'd rather be a while on the side than our hopes than to go. I'll let a better set of high school talent show. It's so thing that's down on the stage just because it's fun. I'll let's just go one of those losers' cousins back and go. I'm at his side, let's back again and set to find a star. Don't fall man is gone, he's there, let's run summer's car, I'm hoping for a counter-earce, see if he's far and so down. Other than that one life's on, where's Kelly Clarkson? Here's things and tattoos and shall the girls in belly shirts, smoking marijuana and then sucking on their shirts. Each one of them dreaming that they might just be a star. When you cook in their town and in a little Mason chart, I'm at his side, let's go one of those losers' cousins back and go. I'm at his side, let's go one of those girls in the house. I'm hoping for a counter-earce, see if he's far and so down. Other than that one life's on, where's Kelly Clarkson? Prof. 15 at 5.60 WQAM. Here's a facet from Gregory from Coral Springs who says, when was the last time we heard any Warren Zeeva on our crappy one or 2.7? Besides, where was London? How many hits did he have? Seevon is battling for his life with lung cancer while not live much longer. Unfortunately, thanks to the shallow playlist of magic songs like lawyers, guns and money, or where was the lender? We'll never be heard in our market. One or 2.7 sucks it says here. That's what Gregory says. You got Warren Zeeva on? Don't pay any attention to George, okay? Because he's still all better to shit about the monkeys. But I say not to put him on there, I just had a question. Did I say that you said that you said that? Did you say that I said? Did he write it down? Yeah, well, that's all accounts. Don't start getting there. He's got no one who's got stomach cramps. Here's one of our chronic factors, Jane, who says the band I doesn't get enough airplay is NOLFX? What's that? I'm afraid to say that. Do you know what that is? No, FX. No, I don't know. The only state to have heard them on is WKPX, but they have some great songs like We're doing this first. That's why I talked about what you did. You remember you know them is because they get virtual no airplay. See it's hard kind of hard to figure out who these groups are unless you see videos and there are in America no channels that play videos and TV don't play any videos. Much music though they got informersials all morning long. Did you ever hear that song? Istanbul was once kind of in tenows, constant and open. Yeah. That's they might be giants. Oh, they're pretty good. Yes. Considering. See, oh, when I'm in Europe I see all of that stuff because they're 80 million music video channels. I know it's a very very revolutionary concept. All day long they play music video. Yeah. Which is why you know bring back a lot of songs that you'll hear here like six months later or maybe never hear them here. I remember listening to KPS nearly 1990 she says and the kids were playing all the songs that say eventually switch to like nervous for smashing pumpkins and james addiction. I still listen to KPS here was popular with the kids and yes I know they play crap too but sometimes they have really good new music you won't hear on Zeta for months or years and Jane also says PS take back the media.org has a campaign against rush. I haven't seen that but if it's true if it's a campaigning get them off of your shame on them. If it's a campaign to debunk all the crap that he's booze on here for power to them. See there's a big difference. You can disagree you can criticize that's fine but to say you don't have a right to be on because your opinion no to be with ours or whoever that's bullcraft or to try to do it under the guys of some other bullcraft unacceptable. 560 560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon marvelous line rock groups that don't get played enough on radio south here which in South Florida which could be just about anybody. Anybody good. That's one thing that very few people disagree with me on is that the music on FM and this market is so bad it's enough to make you want to take your radio and smash it with a ball penis hammer. Which of these statements best describes your sex life 365 votes could be a lot better 64. Okay 62 could be better 57 sensational 56 solo 36 something of the past 32 not exist in 31 Carlos not in a couple of times not exist in 31 week 15 and I'm desperate 12 he's not again that's for 12. That's true. That's true. Ronald wasn't really that good last night. He was making some pretty solid in Rhodes I thought with that boy or McGill. That boy wasn't there. What was when he grabbed the ticket we were given away I see and that's a good excuse for me to show up. Don't ever trust those guys with the pony tails. Just my right toy to that always the horny is the most dangerous do anything that moves what would you give me that look. I'm going to guys with pony tails do we know Jeff Cohen right and what he what he grab or anybody else makes the was used to have a pony tail but he cut and they chopped it off that no. So we know two guys with pony tails and both like real preverts. Here's a fact from all me and dear field who says Bush war has been in propaganda and this is from the independent UK. Okay. Okay. Okay. We are denueged with more threats from Washington about states that sponsor terror. Worst in journalists play a leading role in this propaganda take Eric Schmidt in the York Times week ago we did hear this min he wrote he wrote a story about America's decision to confront countries that sponsored terrorism and his sources senior defensive officials administration officials some American intelligence officials the officials officials military officials terrorist experts and offensive officials. One I just thought the Pentagon right its own reports in New York Times but that's what's changing more and more Americans were that the present decline of service company Vietnam realized that their newspapers are lying to the acting as a conduit for the US government alone. Furthermore Britain's are tied to being told to go to war by their newspapers and TV stations and politicians indeed I guess that far more Britain's are represented by the policies of President Shoraka France than the Prime Minister Blair Britain says in a story in the British UK independent. Dream theater. What? I'm saying these groups and you're like they're he's looking at why? It says this group and other bands would something be blown away. I can't read the facts. It'll make you afraid of the KPX is signal didn't crack out like a year ago and I don't know what happened. Yeah. Probably got knocked off the air by the right wing. You know all those subversives at KPX all those little punks are signal is better. Oh our signal is better than anybody are signal on 441 sounds better. Our signal doesn't you can't complain about our signal on 441 is not an existing. I'm coming back from the track last night which I didn't want to go to by the way and I'm coming back home and any K with a. Who was like that? I didn't have to worry about hearing the Leafs game before I could check the rate of the tape that I made. I have to worry about catching the score before I saw the outcome because I couldn't understand it anyway. It's a miracle that we got anybody listening because you can't hear this thing. But we can go 50,000 watts. Oh, he got a sense of humor that Gregor what? How about Jack Elliott? Velvet Underground. Velvet Underground? Wall of Voodoo. Carlos is right now. Wall of Voodoo. And the almond brothers. Oh that's what somebody called yesterday the almond brothers. They had what? Wall of Voodoo had like one and a half hit. Yeah. What about Buffalo Springfield? Don't you want to hear all their hit? I've heard it. I don't want to hear it again. And I guarantee it's a way to work. It's in this room somewhere for what it's worth. But there's something going down. It looks kind of brown. And I think Carlos had something to do with it. Anyway, so there's, I don't know, put whatever we want on there. We got 50 million of many, huh? So we're not going to want those list. They'll go on too long. This is like the businesses that went out of business, you know? There's just two damn many. It's about a 17-horse harder. Sugar risker can make you hungry. Isn't this what I've always told you? And finally, I got in my hand. This is from the Harold Nolla so that might possibly be some truth. Just in time for the crunch and much of Girl Scout cookie sales, a new study is linking sugar consumption with how much American Z. And you know what that is? That's called the Jane's Addiction to be fine carbohydrates. How many years have been screaming about that? 100. And then go to the track and eat and bananas split layer cake. Call for fat rich. Ask me if I wanted to go to the track last night. Did you want to pause a minute before you gobble up the thin-minter chuck with smudded all about? What's that? What's that? What's it all about? It's about like, no, what is it all about? Top there's eight. I don't know. A chocolate smudded all about. You'll eat one but you won't stop there before you know maybe the entire pack is this period. This is my life right here. I finally found it. We're sitting here busy arguing about the frickin monkeys and Jane's addiction and the wall of doo doo. Oh my god. Researchers say there's a good reason for that. And we're not just talking about a lack of willpower. See? Sitting in there called me a fat slob would know restraints. We're talking about the paradoxical nature of sugar and of that whole delicious family of simple and readily digested carbohydrates that make up by hefty proportion of American diets. You eat and they make you hungry. Oh, I've been screaming about this for years. You eat stuff and it makes you hungry. Hungry or some scientists contend and you were before you wolfed down those thin-mins or that candy bar or those crackers made of refined white flour or that 60-ounce bottle of soda with sugar or those slices of white bread. Or potatoes. Yes, we've been talking baked rusted potatoes here. Tim rusted potatoes. So what do you do you reach for more of course it says? It's right. These are known as high-lycemic foods. When eaten without much else. That's why I can only have three crispy-cream donuts. I can't eat it. If you brought in one here, I would when I finished with a one and you told me there were no more I'd start climbing on a wall. I'd be like stamping my feet like a little shile, carrying on. Like I was having sugar shockers. I'm telling ya. But you don't have it, obviously, because you don't like anything sweet anyway. Don't like anything. Chocolate. That's why you're way about 14 pounds. That's why he's the only person I've ever met in my life can be in the sink. I'm going to say, I'm going to even his advanced stage and I have good eyesight to find your balls. These are known as high-lycemic foods. When eaten without much else, they tend to cause spikes in our blood sugar, right? And that's some sign to say triggers a chain of headset causes to cycle between intense hunger and trips to the snack machine. Americans are chowing down on larger and larger amounts of high-lycemic foods, not just around gross scouts cookie sale time, but all year long, right? On New York Times by Summer Sugarbusters with an adscrap, and the recent release of the latest edition of the New Glucose Revolution. Oh, there's another book to read while I'm watching down. Some crap? Our amongst several book-sproening diets with low-glisemic levels, although nutritionists have not enough studies have been done to prove that I have. In other words, they don't know anything. But this whole business about this refined carbohydrate edition, I've been screaming, I've been squealing, yelling, pleating, begging, at least maybe you can't help me to do something about it, but at least admit that that's what the problem is. You eat this crap and instead of satisfying your hunger instead of pasta, well, I'll just have a little something it'll carry me through there. No wrong. It won't. It'll make you want more. And you'll have lots moreas. Would you like some moreas? Oh, yeah. Yes, you want to say? In every smores. The real ones, smored flavored, right. Pop-tarts. How about Ben and Jerry's moreas ice cream? Or some moreas ice cream? Who likes that? Somebody likes good. Somebody likes good. Somebody likes moreas ice cream? Mm, grab crackers. I'm of anything with marshmallows in it, you know? I think something goes on. Back to you, and that's your territory. Well, you put the marshmallow on top, not in it. It's a topping after all. Once you talk to me before about those tough and covered cherries, 26 past noon. Don't even go there. Girlfriend. Don't go there, boyfriend. Girlfriend. And other days gone, I'm glad you guys out there are stuck in a really horse ball job. And if you're looking for a high pan career, call our friends at Fastrain, they'll do it for you. Call 86 Fastrain. If you enroll now, you can be certified in on the way to a new high pan job by April, Levine. If you can commit to a 9-to-week fastrain, can be certified as a computer professional by April, Levine. Pick up that photo called Fastrain Tool-free, 1-86 Fastrain. They offer job placement easy financing day that we can class this for you too. Fastrain's got four convenient locations in Miami, Kendall, Pemper Pines, and Fort Lodderdale. Just one simple call is all you need to start getting a big fat paycheck every couple of weeks. You'll be on the way to a great new exciting career too. All Fastrain, there's no obligation they'll spend to you how it works. 1-86 Fastrain, or check them out on the web at FastTrain.com. Four gazzums, I fake four plop. Coming up tonight on Inside Behind the True Hollywood Celebrity Music biography profile story. We take in good, hard, stiff looking to start them. Today, we're controversial cross-dressing heavy metal rock and rollers. They were Jerry Foewell and Jimmy Swagger. No, wait, sorry. They were Twisted Sister. I can't believe people were threatened by me. Twisted Sister front man, D-Sneiter. I mean, even with the makeup, I made about the ugliest damn woman in the damn universe hell, I would never have f***ed me. And yet, for some reason, the band's simple message, adult suck, school sucks, religion sucks, in fact everything sucks except by twisted sister records was troubling to America's parents in a 1985 centred hearing. Tipper Gore lashed out at the band. As a woman who's had a stick of her lily white ass for years and hasn't gotten any decent oral sex from anybody. Ever. I feel uniquely qualified to tell other people how they should live. But these nighters proudest moment came when US military forces moved into outstanding ol' Noriega from the embassy in Panama. As a punishment, they blasted the music of Twisted Sister at him. Then President George Bush Sr. explains the decision. As a man who has had a stick up his lily white ass for years and hasn't gotten any decent oral sex from anybody, ever, I've been uniquely qualified to tell other people how they should live. Twisted Sister. They were the people your parents warned you about. If your parents warned you about that ugly freaks with no talent. It's a big juicy, sobbing with look at show business tonight on its side divine. Well pretty to a five sixty up to Cooley, I'm not forget when you hear the Germanist and ankle brochures today, when you hear the sound of a hockey goal. When you hear the sound of a hockey goal, be the fifth call to the contest line, 1-800-227-0560, 1-800-227-560 to win a perfect swing to play Panthers home game and you'll be qualified to win tickets to the NHL all-star game on Sunday. Where they got a few stars playing and the whole bunch of not. Here's what it says if you put down logins and machine, I didn't put them down. I said it were all. I understand what it's. So what do you just... If you put down logins and machine, then you must put down seals and crafts. Summer breeze between your knees. Dining and going. Pretty pleased. I like diamond girl. About three times. I don't want to hear it again. Well let's just say what the look is. No, I want to hear the look is again. Play it. I don't have time to look. Although, Emerson like him, Palmer. Okay. And Asia. And why are you still writing this stuff down? He's not. Oh good. He's writing other things down. Like what? Neal sucks. I did all this work for nothing. Why do I do that? I'm not doing this pull. Now I don't want people to feel that I conned them because I try not to do that on the show as far as the pulls are concerned. Most of everything else I do. But it's inane. Because as we're going along here, we realize, see, we all agree on one thing. The music on that payment here blows. In fact, here's the fact that says where the hell is it. That is the worst in the history of the human race. And you're right. You're absolutely right. Here it is from a record guy. Somebody in the music business who had real big fish and mighty mighty boss tones and sublime. He says, I'm in the music business. The music in this market is the worst ever played crap around in the history. You're right, Michael. Absolutely right. So the point being that we could name just about every group that anybody likes and you'll never hear it. Right. Which is why I don't listen to FM because the music in this market is the worst. It's swell. Look at the dirty look. He gives out a corner of his eye. Give me a dirty look. Yeah, because he's, frankly, writing stuff that, look at least they kept you in the chair and from going out and doing all that magic, do-do-voodoo, whatever you're doing. Ooh, vo-do-do-do. And smoking on a limb, faggot. And if that's probably why he's in there doing magic, do-do. He's smoking those cancers. He's changed smoke in the packs. That's just the individual ones. He's got the packs lined up. He just likes the whole thing. Theo, dockin'. Oh, dockin'. White snake? This is definitely from Woody Graver. And Iron Maiden. Okay, whatever you say. Here's some more. Leon Russell and the shelter people. The lovin' spoonful. Oh, is he still dead by the way? Now, why do I, you gotta be careful, John Sebastian. Died. Or is it what no, wasn't John. No, it wasn't John. You're from the, a mama's in a pop-as-as-as-as-as, John. Don't say that. John. A big apartment? Pop-a-John. Pizza? Ha-ha-ha. See? Oh, my mind is now that that person's arping. Yeah. Phil. She tricked. I know what his, I know my shelf, Philips, and Papa John, and all those go and I know who those people are. And mama Cas with a hand sandwich. See, there's more food. It's your fault. You don't wanna come and start with a food crap. And we're talking about that dim. Well, was it? Oh, that's right. The hot fudge, honey, with the chocolate, with the cherries. And then, of course, the s'mores. Yeah, well, now come we don't hear no more s'mores. 5, 6, 7, oh. Oh, 5, 6, 8. Anyway, get back to this thing. Let me, don't let me forget tomorrow. I wanna dwell on it for hours. Of course, that's an instant tune. I don't know how to install like being lectured to it. It's not a lecture. It's just, it's an explanation of a lot of you that people are frustrated after just like I am. Because they know that this is their experience. And doctors look at you, oh, no, well, you know, that doesn't exist. Right. Right. Exactly. Excuse me. Excuse me. And listen to this. I'll say that for tomorrow. We think that all calories are created equal, but they're not. So those people will say, oh, count calories. Guess what? I've always said no way Jose. That's baloney. All calories are not equal. We think foods that rapidly raise blood sugar lead to waste sequins and metabolic events that cause blood sugar to fall below fasting levels a few hours later. And that can trigger excessive hunger and overeating and susceptible people. Dr. Ludwig said, you know who Dr. Ludwig is? No, I don't either. But he's in the store, which we'll get to tomorrow. Unlike that poll, which we're not going to do. Oh, gee, you lied to me. It's just, it's just too obvious. I mean, you know, you can still call it an invention. Some, I will say, yeah, we agree. But what's the point of taking a poll that you got the name of every group? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. This is kind of cute. How big is your bitch's? F***. See? That's cute. I've got several choices here. Look at my foot. I'll leave. That's clever. Uh, non purple rain. Well, what is this? Nine shot. Oh, I see. In other words, uh, follow up their sin. Yeah. Groups or now prints his new group or a band. You know what he is? He's an asshole. He blows. Uh, I see the brothers and the James Browns line of family stone. Midnight trained at Georgia, Gladys Knight. What's wrong with Midnight trained at Georgia? I want to hear Midnight trained at Georgia right now. Let's not a pips. In fact, they're going to be at Gulfstream one of these days soon. I bet. With Gary Pucket and Union Gap, the 1910 Fruit Camp Company, the Lemon Piper's, Strawberry Largclock and the Land and Sisters. With some incense and peppermints. Oh, there we go again. See, everything you're doing. You're not fooling me. Everything, you know, everything he's doing today. Well, I said strawberry. Food box, strawberries. Sublimable. Food. He's catching on the George W. Campain here. A passing along sublimable suggestions. So that would go on and just pick out after this show today. Did he need nothing here today? Just those coffers, which I probably won't have time to eat to set. No one to cofferops. Kicking once I get home. Hopefully I get home soon enough. Unless you have the ability to eat while you're there as well. That is other than Fat Boy. And we talked about that one day on the show and you immediately fell on the floor. I was conjuring up the image of Fat Boy sitting on the toilet with like a bag of food. We don't want to discuss that because it's really, really gr- a TV tray. In fact, he's got it set up in there right on his top of his walker. Did you see that? Did he drink cold? He's got a special shelf on there for the TV tray and the drink holder right on top of his walker. And it comes in handy while he's like lurching up and down the hall. And while he's also sitting on his throne. In the handycraft section, of course. Yeah, I just thought about that every time I try not to go in there, but every time I do, do, do, do. I use that handy cat side because it's like spacious and big. And I'm thinking about it. He must be using over that side. He does all option. Huh? He needs those rails. Y'all he was in on the handy cat side yesterday doing a really smelly number. I mean, you know, you know it's bad when you come out in a apologize to somebody when you see somebody's in there. He was like so red in a face. And he had on that lime green shirt he was wearing yesterday. So when you see that red pushed the lime green shirt. 21 till 1 at 560 WC of a speaking of food, which we do constantly and Sicily on this program. Now about the pizza loft. You want great Italian food delicious fresh good stuff. We're talking about lasagna and three kinds of pizza and the best garlic rolls ever invented and chicken and veal and seafood, calzone soup or so. Pizza loft is loved by everyone because the food is consistently fresh and delicious and the price is so unbelievably low. You can take the guts and a spah, even if you have no idea what that means. And eat and just pick out any time you want without fun to big pinch in your pocketbook. They got two broader locations. Valdeviginal Broward location. Every day that I come to work. I see the big banner playing up there. Do you see that? No, because you don't live near me. And let's keep it that way. Anyway in daily there are university drive right beyond pure what imports in the pizza loft plaza would just about 75 million free parking spots. And that's between Griffin and 595 in university. Number there for take out delivery and catering is 9504 9168880. 950491688 and the goodness for people out west like by me right in my hood and plantation. There are so few good places out in western Broward. I mean it's really sad. At least in the acres is very, I like you like Denny's a lot, you know. And how many times can eat that grand slam? So anyway if you want to take out or delivery in plantation and that's the location of Hill and sunrise right beyond Walgreens. 9504 3A2 999 the goodness for us is it's the same great delicious fresh food. Cook the order, the same low prices and the same friendly fast service. Pizza law 9504 3A2 999 the plantation location on Namhill and sunrise right behind World Famous Walgreens and guess what? What? I'm shopping there again. I'm so shady. I don't know right now. Just guess it's driving me crazy. I don't know what to do. I'm going to get the cross to move here. I'm going to make it to the toilet, Jay. I'm going to go. I'm going to get this and my kitchen jar to wish you peace. I'm going to take my time. I'm going to take my time. Because if I drop a strong, warm one, I'll feel fine. And it don't so gently when my kitchen jar is wishing to you. And for so close it gently when my kitchen jar is wishing to you. Here's a good website, the alliance for democracy.org, the alliance for democracy.org or RG. Freedom floor. I don't have time to be the whole thing that goes along with it. But nevertheless, they're distributing these for people that got a brain. 800 bombs on Baghdad. The Pentagon is planning to fire 800 cruise missiles on Baghdad in the first two days of the war on Iraq. One cruise missile can destroy a battleship or a large building. 800 missiles are more than double the number of the US used against your back and all of a Gulf War. Most importantly, there are 5 million innocent civilians living in Baghdad today. The carnage will be unreal. The planet is called shock and awe. One Pentagon official suggested it would be like nuclear weapons at Hiroshima. CBS News reported all this on January 24th. Any American witness the events of 9.11 can relate to the terrible concepts of shock and awe. Once civilians are targeted deliberately when their bodies are smashed and left to gust their life blood into the dust of the street, we're all diminished and discussed in a horrified. Ask yourself if you wish to be part of this kind of action. Take it against the city of civilians who had nothing whatsoever to do with the 9.11 attacks. Finally, consider the very real fact that such a deliberate attack in civilians will definitely motivate all those terrorists we still haven't caught because we're spending so much time on Iraq to attack us here at home again. Think about it. Here at America, we believe in freedom and equality. We also have the propaganda named Patriot Act, which allows federal officers to let you home without war to notice, which allows them to tap your phone and email, which allows them to collect every bit of personal information available in place in a way, total information awareness database to be managed by the Department of Defense. Here in America, we respect life. We also prepare for war against the nation that, while ruled by a terrible death, but is done nothing to threaten our harm us. War against Iraq will kill tens of thousands of people just like you and me. War against Iraq will bring more terrorism here. War against Iraq will kill hundreds of thousands of our soldiers and expose these surviving troops to terrible diseases like Gulf Worson, rumored fully disabled almost 30% of veterans from the last war over there. Here in America, we believe we can do good. Here in America right now, we can do better. We must for our sake and for the sake of our children. How you like that? I like it. Find more about these people in this thing, the Alliance for Democracy.org. Or G. 560, 560, Pound 560 on the AT&T line, which of these statements best describes your sex life we asked today? 434 votes could be a lot better, 76. Okay. Yeah, but wait a second. Wrong one. Come on. Okay. Thank you. 75 could be better 71, sensational 6414.7%. Solo 40, not exist in 39, something of the past 34. As in what? Week 20 and I'm desperate 15. So take a look at that. Okay. And sensational is like 31. What is it? 31% you know what? Percent at least for the rest? What? 69. See, there we go again. I learned it from George. So it's a little bit of a message. 69%. Over 31% almost 69% are either like week or not existed or all alone in the corner. Sitting plain, uh, jazell on the internet. Hi there. I'm jazell. I'm looking for a, what else? At 18 year old young man. Who's really well built and muscular with a very fine, large firm number. Yeah. Or maybe it's like, hi. I'm jazell. I'm looking for like a 12 year old. Anyway, there are a lot of those men. A lot of those on there. In fact, mad dog yesterday had a good point. And that is if you took away the perverts and, you know, the internet, the chat rooms, the no life. And what was the other one? He said there were like three categories. And if took them out of there, there wouldn't be much left. I mean, there's some good stuff on there. Like that thing I just read. There's a lot of really good and interesting stuff. And the stuff we put on our website. And the other thing is, uh, as you see for Dr. stuff, they're good stories. See, we give you a little bit of everything. We give you our goofy poll like that today. And then we give you some goofy pictures of what's which we can't do much better. And then we give you some good stories on there. Like, for example, today, what do we got on there? And I don't do this off of enough. Because I wish more people could go to our website, we'll check out the bedtime stories on there. Which you'll notice I'm not wasting everybody's time reading them on the air. Cause it's fondress. Let's see. The hanging gun. From Richard Cohen. Uh, our Burgess fries and kebabs addictive, which is very much like a storm. I'm reading since his daughter calls 911 to complain against him. Tell Jean Rogers that we had that sex survey, Are you average, which ties him with a poll we're taking? Fish him to appear in anti-war commercial. Web site, web site, meaning their finalist in bondage is bonded star, et cetera. Good stuff. We hit some great ones on there yesterday. But a lot of people are just gonna read that stuff, which is all the more reason for me to sit here or meet it on the air is like, here in this one, the little corner of the world that we're in, which ain't much. 9-B-4-1 at 5-60-W-U-U-A-M. If your hair is gone, let me tell you right now, there's only one intelligence thing to do. I mean, you can paste them on. You can get some crazy group on there, huh? That would be kind of cute. Like, remember David Fury had the eyebrows. Sweep it up, put it back on. Sweep it off the floor. Go into your neighborhood barber shop, and pick up a whole craploader here. Don't even have to make match. And just crazy glue it on your head or go see my good buddy Chuck Alphi or he'll make you look great. All you guys have basically given up because your bald spot is ugly and gross and shiny, and getting bigger and bigger, that's the only thing on your body. It's getting bigger, I've been your public. The answer for his Chuck Alphi or he's got the latest technology. He's got the natural hairline system. For over 25 years, Charlie's been helping rich guys, and guys in the middle and slippers like most of you. Because no matter how much you want to spend, you can't get a better, more natural look in peace than Chuck's natural hairline system. And you have nothing to lose, but that embarrassing bald spot, because everybody gets Charlie's 30-day guarantee. If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, if your sex life doesn't go from weak to spectacular, Charlie will give you a full refund. And if you mention you're Rajas, you'll get next to a two-in-a-book self-the-regular price. And Charlie also services and repairs all kinds of hair systems while you wait. Usually improves him tremendously for only 25-30 bucks. So if you really want to get your hair back, if you don't want holes in the head, if you want to dead animal on the top of your forehead, Get the natural hairline system from the one and only Charles Alphiari. Call him tool-free, 1-800-3-21-2413. That's 1-800-3-21-2413 or log onto their website, Charles Alphiari.com. My life in local, we're sports-ready, oh 5-60s, you ain't, you ain't, you ain't. With the sewer of this place, did you see our ratings in the last book? Yeah, I know what's got it! Sure, pretty possibly, yes. Wack of back, exactly, you won't wait for more, no more, no more, no more, no more. I got enough, I gotta think about it on top, I get in right there, and then I don't need a rating that's a minus 8. Don't dare what you do, don't get a thunder, snort, you gotta wait a little harder on the desk to move. A rocic guts to go. There's a lot of bad producers, you know. That's right, watch it back, that's right. When you won't wait for more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more. Watch it back, that's right, no more, no more. Wait for more, no more. Oh, brother, all that glove I don't understand, how you can eat from a trough while you've been bald in it. You can't think that's much of it, a rating small, you just like Clinton, it's all your fault. And a straight-dip badass out. That's what we'll take to food out of you a mouth. That's right, watch it back, that's right. You won't wait for more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more. Watch it back, that's what you want, no more, no more, no more. This is what we say! Come back, Jack, for your love, watch the moon, no more, no more, no more. Watch it back, Jack. Watch it, watch it, no more, no more, no more. You're going to have to eat the whole thing. You're going to have to stop eating it. You're going to have to stop eating it. 12.6. Maybe Eve Cases closed, George says. And the alleged clone is in. Oh, Israel. Corridual. Isn't that amazing? This is on the front page, the Harold of A. It was on all of the local news casts yesterday. And we'll hear where the public by putting it on here again. A judge in Fort Lauderdale closes inquiry into the well-being of baby Eve on Wednesday. After was announced in court that the alleged baby clone is in Israel, not in Broward. Not in. Now that we can, you know, put that to rest. Now we can start looking for all those little babies that were running on passions. Tabithas, babies from passions. There's a little fucky looking bizarre, two dimensional babies. Oh, it's big and a passion's by the way. Big day today. Well, I guess they already know that Antonio is going to get the serum, whatever the experimental drug. I think they know that. No, that's not syrup. The serum, the drug. He's getting the drugs. Something else you can get excited about. And I still say that that plan that plays Sheridan on that show. If she isn't the hottest looking thing on daytime TV, I know I'd be such a big ill. I have no idea who it is. She's beautiful. I don't know what her name is. And you don't watch the show. And I'm telling you right now, she is everything you'd want. If you heat the syrup up before you put it on the pan. Where you put it. Brack them. And, in fact, maybe you could meet her on Sheridan Street. Did you tell me or somebody else told me that they stake an ale on Sheridan Street is boarded up in his out of Venice? I didn't tell you that. They are. That's what I heard. Remember what you do like a month ago? Maybe we were doing those 85 shows on your favorite business. And we couldn't shut off this figure or the freeway because people wouldn't stop talking about stake in ale. Somebody said they said they don't know all of Marshaed down. But it'll kind of go. I don't want to like, in fact, they're like last month or something. You will. Something like that. Well, take a peek. I will. Sheridan Street. I mean, on yeah, it is on Sheridan Street. Between 441 and like whatever else. Right. East. A 440. Oh my god. If that place is closed, we're going to like protest and don't straighten the streets. Aren't we? Yeah. We'll go somewhere else. But that place was closed. We're so pissed off. If that place isn't still there, we're going to go someplace else. Bye, bye, bye. First class did.