Neal how are you sure? No, no more Anyway, hang over after that great ratings party last night too bad you couldn't be there Scott yeah I missed in you there The Leafs lost again. We're gonna. How were you they socked don't they always lose in bus? They didn't get back in the town. Did you? They had a freaking power play for like the last four minutes of the game and they still and then they wind up giving up an empty net goal What I got the six on four nice going you guys suck By the way, you're us junior there. You're a protege. He picked the exact square the panther game Is he said Florida three out of what two what a guy see it's rubbing off now? Yeah, it's clearly your wisdom is rubbed off I just my psychic powers. Yeah, and he also told me that Steve Shields was gonna be the starting goal He said he knew that and I had interviewed my keen in at eight in the morning So that that was apparent everyone. Yeah, who cares about the ghost eating me obvious well that's what he does best I think you need a reggae hair do how come? Moe wasn't it that you see a reading is pretty nice now is he too embarrassed because he had the lowest numbers on the station No, he was wearing a hockey jersey this morning at least I'll give him that he was wearing a hockey He'll just go free jersey the Panthers game. Oh, what a what a funny He wears that he wears that one game. He went to he sat right up front. He wears that orange Dolphins jersey When he goes to the game and we gotta see him when he has a zubas pants on man It's a sight for sure eyes man. Hey, you're going to pick you up. Moe and his zubas pants in our website Yeah, your boy runs spelled I heard him a little mojo Nazi son of a bitch Hey, I did hear about the woman around the bank she dressed as a clown and I think she dressed as Moe Yeah, actually in those pants You're talking about yeah Anyway, what else is going on? They're saying this corruption in Miami where no? I like I like the story about the a cop that was found in the snow bags the peanut bags on the A.V. and Kiffle from Columbia to Miami I love when they do creative like shoe heels Maybe diapers and if you fly American Airlines, they still have like two hand grenades in each overhead heroin balloons in the bottom then you get What midway or I don't under they went under yesterday. What's next? So what's real story why you tried to party last night is because you were like making a statement or because 34 C was Commanding you stay home. What was the deal? I didn't go to the party because I just know that Skippy drives drunk and I don't Yeah That's about what it boils down to really think I'm not interested in getting Played placed in jail for the night and waking up and reading about my headline I don't want to be the next Danny heatleaser I'm interested in going to parties and getting bombed and driving on the freeway home Oh, you know something in my girlfriend drive put up in the next Danny heatlean your passenger could have been moe You don't want to say I asked mom if he'd drive me and he didn't want to go to the party because he said he has no friends here But the fact is he watched in the panther game last night He was involved in some charity, but all I know is that I was hanging out with his best new friend David Samson and Delilah Everywhere I go I have my 34 C drives me home everywhere because I I've been known to suck down a few and I'm just not gonna drive I've been known to suck a few Hey now Yeah, what up? Anyway, I'm wearing a Eastern parents and we got that relationship ball patched them now Everything's chocolatey there. I have a Russian tusk Elite league jersey on today the sweater you should see Then those is we got a new picture of Scran in honor of her a new book that just came out Wednesday one in the pink and one of us and she sits there new picture of Scran the soon to be on our website She hides in her car smoke and take her out. She'll lay over 80 see, but she thinks that people can't smell her What a well-born old bitch man. I'm telling I'm better husband Yeah, I don't think he likes you don't you find it a little bit strange that art sales manager, which is her is married to the sales manager for her Good cheap channel. I think that has no bearing what is at the real story is how she let other sales women live with her at home Anorazman, ain't out and where does Rory? Good in the picture. Well, I took over the situation for Roy. I run that bar and I don't know anything about the Rural Roy that had the big baggage Yeah, you do right foster used to be a dolphin man I don't know who he is any extra she'll sniff it. She'll grab it. She'll squeeze it You need she's doing to a straffer right now. No That is two of them got something going on is what I hear on smell bad enough for her. She likes that ranchy odor That's the wrong I think She likes my phone is where he lost her is bleeding oozing hemorrhates Oh God, I'm sorry. I'm not making any of her Right George Where's the turtle? Leading oozing hemorrhates. I don't want to get turtle out of you Which tells us a lot about where he's used that big instrument he kept stealing from us Splotten while he was a big black one my dad's coming in tomorrow on Neo for two weeks of painful visitations Yeah, you're gonna have my new show again replacing the beast. Yeah. I'm gonna have him in release two days next week for fun. He's smarter than all of us Have a nice weekend Friday You We did it Dr. Phil the element way solution is number one on the New York customer best selling book in America There's not one thing in that book that is grounded in the scientific literature doctor Phil off the top of his head And eat your good buddies exactly. Let's go to your calls could Elaine Idaho hello. Hi Larry. Hi. What's the question? Dr. Phil I just started a new diet my doctor gave me Any words of wisdom you are going to fail. You're not gonna get back to that wait Tampa flata hello Hey guys, hello on second. I'm opening up a box of 20 20 whatever first step. What's the question? There are several round of second. I'm reading a 20 great question. Do you know how late the dairy queen is open 24 hours day seven days away I've been for revenge one more call wins well, man. Hello Dr. Phil both my current works. I have to fix a lot of my unmeal What did I have for breakfast ice cream cookie? Are you sure no question about it? I teach you said I said a fruit or cereal or something bad idea Or that's not healthy. That's not good. We've had with more Dr. Phil the element way solution Number one on the knee or times list court and all calls after this that is one of my favorites binge for revenge What it is maybe says the way he says that you're like riling a Southern sound of his that draw I see my stomach 10.07 at 5.60 WQM happy Friday to you cocaine found in snack peanut bags on every anchor flight to Miami Federal investigators yesterday found about 20 grand worth of cocaine disguised as snack size bags of peanuts I'm an avianca flight from Columbia to Miami No passengers on the plane ate any of the 51 bags of peanuts to held a total of 2.6 pounds of the drugs said Zach man A spokesman for the Bureau of Customs and Border Protection Avianca flight dose from Baron Kia Columbia landed at my main international around 1245 Miami said a dog sniffing a drug sniffing dog or a dog sniffing drug doing routine search to complain Learned agents to the presence of drugs in the galley man said investigators noted the peanut bags didn't feel right So they open them up and found The blow our concern is that people we think just ripped the bags open and popped them in their pus man said for all practical matters It would have killed them ready for that Oh, what a way to go. Yeah, but a little blow No one has been arrested officials were trying to determine who loaded the penis peanuts on a plane where they came from man said Every anchor official sent Miami didn't return a full message seeking comment says this comes sent them In 1990 a man died after drinking liquid cocaine disguised as a Latin American soft drink The drink had been smuggled into Miami in wholesale sized cases from Columbia and the smugglers inadvertently let some get into retail market What a damn shame. Oh, yeah So there you go another I don't want to be the negative and I'm you're gonna give you chance to rip me an ass to the end of pull don't you like my pull The kind of thing that they really sink their teeth and do We'll get to a momentarily. I also don't want to be negative about that great new stadium We're gonna have right there in Miami right by the old b right by each but there's an article in the hero today that says north of date fans Say drive to Miami Stadium would be too far for many who live north of pp park attendygames a new ball park and mommy would be too much trouble Other was hit I want to go to that eight hour drive. They don't want to go through all that crap on i and 95 They don't not locate it well most people don't want to go to date county who don't live in date county And most of the ones who live there wish they're like a get out I mean they're just never gonna get the message until it's too late So I say go for it build it. I don't want to be cared heard you already got a whole drive you got that metro way You got the Miami arena you got that Mickey or Sinietta center over there downtown that nobody wants to go to and even a once who do have no interest in what's going on on a court For all of its flaws is a baseball field it says pro player stadium sits smack at the center of the Florida Marlins fan base No Schmidt wow I've been trying to explain that to these people for so long and you'll get these calls here on the sport shows Well, you know that's stated, but we don't want to build it there or such a bad location Why I Mean Forget it and for many who live north of that address meaning pp park the prospect of new ballpark in central Miami don't sit well I won't go to the new stadium in downtown Miami says Jeff D. Salay a femur pines a passion fan of city goes to 35 games here He says he'll watch it on TV And then it goes on with the stats about the fan base in about 40 40 and the 12 and On a Marlin but then season tickets a 45% were sold in Broward 37% in date and 13% in Palm Beach County is of 2000 And team officials said the current figures are roughly the same orders that fire alarm thing Oh, really show boys it's a fast thing that my pacemaker wait a minute. I have your attention please the buildings burning down Yes We're sitting French tip he said we're gonna test the fire alarm system and we hope that we crack it up real out So we scrub that them fat bastard fat who's trying to do his radio show This is even better than yesterday when those people came into my Yeah, home invasion that's a little home invasion right during the middle of the show. Okay yesterday's pool shut off pal. You're too freaking loud You idiot We're you're what he said we're a vote to conduct That's who need the tip off right there. We're a vote to conduct you silly canuck conduct this Just put the dancing on let it scream and wailing it all carry the way We'll give you the results from yesterday's pool, which I thought was pretty good although anything that has to do with music to Saudi and they don't like it Generally speaking because I'm an old fart you're almost an old fart and Get the oh, you know you're a little more into the music that they know what the hell it is, but even so they don't like our taste in music Are you gonna say oh you're wrong about that they like my taste me You've got about six assholes there include that one that Teddy guy that Teddy butts one or whatever his name is Whatever he say grids no matter what you do. Oh man George that was the need is far to I ever smell them I like to my stick my nose in there again real deep. Yeah, that kind of stuff We all have those and then we have already tractors like the one yesterday who decided he was gonna vote for you Want to pull he doesn't like your song my song Well, I was what the pool was anyway the pool was what song is so annoying Everyone here it again macarena wins hands down and I'll give you the rest of the results But we got to do the break we got to do the break because those nice long crossovers from a Scott managed to kill most of the first segment Which I absolutely love you know as long as that stupid little bastard Robert creeper opens up my pot at 10 o'clock He's not allowed to smoke it, but he can open it up and you know and 10 o'clock that's when the show starts and For well consider You know until 12 30 as far as I'm concerned don't you agree? Absolutely in fact I wouldn't even mind if he just did all the talking It when you see mattressers advertising a 50% off sale is it a trick or a treat happy Halloween by the way And be inflated the regular price to give a false impression of savings Do they just have one piece to sell it to sell price and then once that piece is gone They try to get you to buy a full price set and rip your ass off The mattress industry loaded with phony claims and shell games like these That's why you ought to be calling the folks I do business with dialometras 1 800 mattress No phony promises no bait and switch just discount prices every day of your life on a brand name You know and trust now including Students of an Anis Foster Anis sales practices and fantastic unbeatable service keep dialometras racked numeral Uno in customer satisfaction When you call 1 800 mattress you pick today in time for delivery like for example two days from noon to two any to our window Seven days week from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. Wednesday 130 to three three Thursday 247 until 447 dialometras is the way to go. I've been sleeping on the mattress and dialometras for years and you ought to be doing it to for you and your back With low prices same day delivery free stuff and move. Let's easy to see I dialometras is ranked the best in the world in customer satisfaction So please do yourself a big favor be smart for once in your life. Don't get fooled. Don't get sucked in by those phony mattress Shorms or furniture stir-rands. They're not in the same league with dialometras call them right now They'll be knock on you door whatever you want and you'll be sleeping like a baby with a real smile on your post call 1 800 mattress 1 800 ma ttr ES or online check them out at mattress.com I want to bang in the butt honey All right my You know, I just had a great inflation. But it was snappin' sourced, that there all looked up for a frenzy right now. Down the ham and in the E.O.s, and then now vote. Malbo. I think what they ought to do is, whatever his name is, down the E.O.s. I think what they ought to do is, like, take them and put the orange jumpsuits on and put them in chains, and like stand them out of the court house. And all of the victims were still alive and their families let them drive around and the families, some family member could drive them and the victims could be in the trunk of the car. With a rifle, you see what I'm saying? All right, right. And so you think that's a great idea? I mean, you know what they say about an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth, right. But you don't have to go through all that. Just stand them out in front of the court house. The rest will take care of itself. No, no, I don't want the rest to take care of itself. I don't want to make sure that the right people do it in the right way too, so that they see. And of course, they'll be like, D.C.O.A.C.A. cars. They'll be cars where the trunk is just a jar. You know, just enough so it appears that they're there. And it actually will have like stunt rifles. Hoking out. You see what I'm saying? Right. Hoking out of the end of where the trunk is. You were that just that little opening is. It just can make us in all balance. So that one, a real one comes out. Oh, she didn't think it was that one. Look at that one. Stuff like that. I don't want to start getting carried away. But I think just killing both right on the CBS evening news. I get some numbers back for Dan, even though he's an asshole. He's an American, no, let's hear it. Like of course, the Peter Jennings, which we know he and American, and Tom Brokeau, you know where he was from. If you can understand what he was saying. What song is so annoying? You never want to hear it again. That was just a whole question. 1155 vote. The macaroon and low still Rio. They don't want to ever hear that piece of crap again. It's been just jammed down your throat until it's coming out of your. Poor Zierbot. Back to them. The macaroon at 207. The dolphins number one song. Amazing. How do you like that? 80 out of it. 1st one second place. Miami has to go. The greatest. We take the boat. The boat is all I know and never a season. Who left it all set by the Baham and 79 votes? Don't worry, be happy, Bobby McFerran 62. God bless America, just generic, not by Kate Smithness is a serial or anybody else. Just that song, 57. Especially since a lot of people are using it to exploit people's emotions and exploit to 3,000 people who died in 911. My heart will go on Celine Dion had Fiddy. Feelings by more celebrate 38. Crack in the top 10. I will always love you by the anxious beaten off and Whitney Houston 32. Beat 9. Yeah, beat 9. You're why they used to say about Whitney when she first became a big star. They said, they can't beat Whitney and Bobby Brown just say, want a bet? God bless you. I say, Lee Greenwood. Lee Greenwood's God. God third man. And you led up my life Debbie Boone tied with that one with that third man. Sweet home Alabama Leonard Skinner, which I find is to be sacrilegious and a bunch of red necks that are going to come and beat you to crap out of you for just for this. Again, 29 for Sweet Home Alabama. I like that song. I don't care what you say. I like to achy, raky heart, Billy Ray Cyrus, and we again apologize for much of this spelling on here, which is what makes it fun. 27 tied with rock and roll part two, Gary Glitter, which only had 27 should have been much much stronger than that, much, much bigger than that. Congreglorious Stefan tied with a village people in YMCA 23 apiece. It's a small world after all was tied with funky time by lifting 22 apiece, loving you many represent 21 mb number five loop bigger tied with police nave dada, who's apiece out of 20 apiece. We are the world USA for Africa's 17. Now who are the people on that video? There was Michael Jackson's, Steve you wonder was on there, right? Yeah. All the other words, what's his name from the miracle? Smokey Robinson was in there, right? Right. James, James, that other schforzer, what else is name? He's very good to by the way. James, uh, Pearl Jones. James, James, James, James, Gendell Feeney. Jingle bells, the barking dog, 60, Don, Keshoen, Wayne Newton 15, season in the center, Ajax tied with primary and CCR with 13 apiece with a labita, a local Ricky Martin and Crami River just in Ticcabell 12 apiece. Ebony and I recall Michael, I mean, Stevie Wonder 11 of P. 11 was Barbie girl also by aqua 11. Win beneath my wings, ten votes, Vettmanler also ten for Ty Yellow Ribbon, Tony Orlando and Owen Don, we got not dawn, Tony Orlando and Don. In the ear tonight Phil Collins has got ten, nine votes for Amphus 60 by rights at Fred and also Freebird Lunar Skinner. Eight votes for Muscad Love by Captain Shlamiel and eight for all, we'll survive Lourdes. That was playing at Lamaise a speaker yesterday when it was tested out to be Christina to see Orita and Alcania. Celebration by Cool and Again was tied with San Storm by DeRood and Copic Abana and with six and also sure people ready to have had six. Lavian Red, Christopher, tied with Rhea are the champions by Queen 5 votes a piece. Unforgettable Natalie Cole, I honestly love you. Olivia Newton, John and Ghostbusters, Ray Parker, Jr. They each had four. We've only just begun and MacArthur Park, Richard Harris, three of Pace, escaped the Pinker Colotta song, Rupert Holmes had three. I love the way Eric actually put that on here. The Pinker Colotta song. You pervert. Brand new key melody just the way you are, Billy Joel money for nothing, there are Straits and Kansas, Dustin and Wintuapis. There is absolutely nothing wrong with Kansas and I love Dustin and Wintu and whoever the two people voted for that. You're paid for that. You're paid for that. I love you too. I like Kansas even though they're Christians. Vote by Madonna and build me a Buttercup and Friends of Low Places by Garth Brooks had one of the biggest scandals even above the station can't top this. Out of almost 1200 votes, zero. Let me make sure. Let me look again at the bottom of the street. Yeah, I don't want to accept that. No votes for Chris Cross and say, late still zero out of 1169, nearly 12-liter votes and we couldn't muster up one for poor Chris Cross. That's amazing because that is a very, very, very, so. You keep. Ooh, say, in fact everything Chris Cross does is extraordinarily efficient. People who like him probably listen to the coast, you know, probably like that's zero. They're like Michael Bolton and Ray Manalo and Chris Cross and that real real ineffectual Wimpy, limp-rusted piece of crap that even a roll flag like me can't handle kind of so-called music. It's slush. It's zero up. It's crap. It makes you want to barf. Makes you want to wretch. So anyway, here's pull up today's pull because obviously I make a lot of people want to wretch and so you, George, but you've had plenty of chances. Let's give him a chance to rip me an edge today. I like it. I enjoy it. What's your biggest beef with Neil, answer our pull question today and I've got, let's say, three, six, nine. Count him. I got a whole bunch of choice. Yeah. And y'all in choices. He's too liberal. He's too effig negative. He hangs up on too many colors. He's too much of a fag. He rips more too much. Right? Absolutely. Too much sports talk. Not enough sports talk. He's out of Miami too much. And I have no real beef with Neil. Did I, would I write he's out of Miami too much? Should it be he's away from? I wouldn't. Out of town. I don't know whatever. No, that's it. Okay. They understand what that means if they don't. If they, if they can't figure that out, then they're not qualified to vote on the pull. No, no, you know what I mean. If somebody has to explain to you the full question, then just lay out. And you're not qualified to vote on there. What's your biggest beef with fat old Neil? He's too liberal. He's too effig negative. He hangs up on too many colors. He's too much of a fat. He rips mo too much. Too much sports talk. Not enough sports talk. He's out of Miami too much. And I have no real beef with Neil. We'll see if there's anybody who says that. Just to suck up a little. I'm gonna say that my choice isn't on here. Because it's almost my birthday. Well, what's your choice? Not enough fat type stories. Hmm. What's your choice? You know what, Paul? That's just a little gift. I don't know. That's just a little gift. It's right here. But when I see him again, he's going to be a good guy. You know what, I'm just going to be a good guy. I want to be a good guy. He's going to be a good guy. Hmm, that's not very good. No, okay, well we can add two more. Too much reading and not enough reading, all right? Huh? Okay. That's that. Excellent. So now we have 11 choices on there. Too much reading and not enough reading, meaning the bedtime. And you could even put bedtime stories in parentheses, make sure they understand, because they don't know what reading means. 27, 10, and by the way, speaking of reading, don't go on by that's how the beach dive book please. I'm going to take it that again every day. It's hard for get about it. Don't waste your money. It's just a cheaper property actings with a bunch of recipes and a bunch of interviews with and a bunch of pop piece promos for his favorite restaurants on South Beach by Dr. Agotsston. Man, oh man, I pissed off at you, Dr. Agotsston. You're just a fake in a public and you're making a lot of money doing it. You jack, I don't like people that exploit fat people, because I'm one of us. Speaking of great restaurants and you will not find them in the book. One of the best kept dining sequences located in Cros Springs, the Gold Coast seafood grill. They just celebrated their one year anniversary, and they got three and a half big fat juicy stars from the Sun Sentinel Showtime dining review. The Gold Coast seafood grill has all kinds of amazing mouthwatering specialties. When you just hear the name of them, you understand just how great they are. Mango plum salmon, almond crusted mahi mahi, orange honey glazed sea bass, and crab and shrimp stuffed trout. There's an amazing bar atmosphere inside the joint with extensive wine and martini list too. Big martini's had happy early five and a half bucks from 4 to 7 pm every day, seven days a week. The Gold Coast seafood grill you're fighting in Cros Springs at 2752, North University drive inside the beautiful walk shopping center for reservations called 9-5-4-25-5 fish. For reservations and information, you can dining side around side large parties, private functions are welcome to experience the best kept secret and lunch and dinner dining. The Gold Coast seafood grill in Cros Springs at 2752 North University drive including inside the walk shopping center. The Gold Coast seafood grill where you'll find great seafood and great prices too. My wife and Lord, this is 4-3-5-6-5-6. Where do we have? God! Alan Box was a normal man with a wife, children, a summer home and opalaca and a chain of radio stations. Well, normal that isn't till just three weeks ago. Hi, honey, how was your day? Unbelievable. There's nothing but subhuman douchebags out there. Alan Box is suffering from Neal Rogers disease. Have you canceled the Miami Heraldia? But honey, we don't subscribe to the Heraldia. Oh, now that's a cop-out. What kind of a lame excuse is that? Just say no to El Heralds, sir. People are flicked with Neal Rogers disease have lost the ability to communicate like normal human beings. What's the matter with you? Blue Herald bags from femoral times. I'm a big yin, fess. I'm like, oh, no! How can you say those nasty things? Running around stealing sweet and low. Can I get you anything? How about those bad boys at Windixie? You know, it doesn't hurt a lot. In... Incredible. Neal Rogers disease, a growing South Florida epidemic, please help us find a cure. Honey, it's Friday night, you know what that means. Hey, you know what I got? I'm not. I'm not! What's the father got? Three points on things? Send your tax deductible contributions today. In Peribh, 105. Terminal. Un? Bealatable. Well, I actually leave followers, creeps with the fishes. 37 votes already, and just they went up their only moments ago. What's your biggest beef with Neal? I have no real beef with Neal, I think that's what I voted because I agree with everything I say. He's too liberal for. He's got to Miami too much for it out of town too much. See, the interesting part that is that they really don't know if I'm out of town or from in town. No, they would. If I'm out of town day, then how did I attend the staff rating? I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. I'm not a good guy. Here's our first call from Tamarack. Hello. Hello Uncle Leo. Yes sir. How are you doing? Happy Halloween. And back to you. You missed one song yesterday. I tried to get on. I've been still holding on since yesterday but that's okay. What do you want to fly kisses? Oh yeah. Oh we suck. Good one. Oh bad. That's a good choice. I hate you dad. Anyway, my vote on the poll will be over. I really have no B for you, my friend. Well thanks for the suck to you. I'm having a great weekend. Bye bye. See there you go right. See you all ready for me to hang up on. Somebody in this guy's looking away. In fact, my touchy feels like nice and moist now. All right. We saw you. They've had a little piece of vote cheeks there. Nice job, pal. Thank you. Well I'm kind of surprised at that because you know, there are a lot of mal contents. I don't have to tell you because boy, boy. When we give them a chance to review it's like a few days. Man, it's like a fiesta. They wake up from their C.S. The turns into a fiesta. We hate George. I mean, I don't know why that is because I have it on for a minute and years. Yeah. That they seem to be used to be more polarizing than I am. I don't know how that's possible. I'm not you because they know, but it's either they love you, which is about 10 of them. Or they just, they really despise. I mean, barely hate. They hate anyone who ever sat in for you. You know, that was that. That's it. No, they don't hate suds. Well, he never said in. Who else ever said in for me? Randy Randy. Randy. Oh, yeah. They would get shredded. He foreset in for me on how was that? It was the last week and they never got passed the second day. Either one of them because the outpouring the deep. What was that? That can I OD. You're crazy. The two shows together. I've board opt. I produced the full set it on the show. I'm telling you. What the hell did he talk about? He did a sports show. You know. Man. I got it. I got it. I got it. By the way, I hear rumor that a 50 is going all, uh, portuguese sports is what I'm hearing. Look out. Here's a call from Milwaukee. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. You know, one thing that we truly truly missed is paradise by the dashboard lights by me, Loaf. Oh, I hate that song. Have it heard that in the kunzege. I used to work in a bar. There's a college bar and they played it every night. And I wanted to take a baseball bat to some of those little girls. That's a good man. Wanted to pound them. Oh, yeah. Well, listen, enjoy some brought words for us, pal. Absolutely, brother. And worshiped down with some old Milwaukee. Oh, Milwaukee light. See ya. Love you. Milwaukee is an interesting place. Lot of Nazis there. I never been there. That's of course not the good place for me to be. I mean, as long as the Nazis had taken over the whole government and the state of California, which by the way 80% of California's burned to the ground. Yeah. Friend of mine made a good point though, and that is from an ecological standpoint. The forest fires are good because there are a lot of insects that need the fire to exist. Right. It's part of the ecosystem for the people. How are you? How are even the most negative nasty hostile horrendous thing with all these people are losing their homes and the tears are rolling down their cheeks and they're screaming and wailing and all their positions. Their whole life is going up and smoke. We can find some little good thing there for the bugs, you know, and that's right. You know, 90% of all forest fires occur naturally. You do understand how one of the major fires started, don't you? I can tell you. Oh, yeah. This is true. What's there? There were two guys out there camping or whatever the hell they were doing in the woods. Maybe do a little bit of the flerke. And they lost contact with each other. And so in order to signal his friend, you know, like the Indians with a smoke signals, he started like a little fire. You know, the friend where it is, he'd see the smoke in up there and he'd, well, unfortunately, probably when it's like dry as a bone in the forest is not really good. Time to start a fire. That guy had to be like, drawn in court. In fact, we ought to put him on there with John Lee Melvo and, uh, Lush, McGregor, my hammer there, whatever his name is. 83 vote. No, I'm serious. I'm a sick and tired of all this crap about, well, you know, I realize that everybody's in touch with trial. Well, let's get over it in about a half an hour and then fry both their ass. I'm tired of it. Couple of damn low count assholes driving around. And the one good thing about this is that nobody's made it into a racial thing. Yet they could as for that. I mean, how they all could it be? Driving around in a goddamn beat up ol' Jolapi, sticking a goddamn shotgun or whatever in the hole was out of the back of the trunk and just picking people off for fun and profit. And then, oh, well, put $500 in account at the ATM, uh, man. I'm trying to do this right now. I really mean it no more. I mean, the gun thing you're never going to sell. But no more shfarts is with guns. Okay, that's got to stop. To follow what I'm saying. I think that black people ought to have all the same rices white people accept that. Is there we draw the line? That's right out of bully for color and bite. I mean, look at the wrappers. All these, and just wrap, just don't even like puff dog. They're on passions, uh, Scott. And if he wouldn't, if he would stop holding that thing sideways, I'll see. I don't want to go with on passions today. No, I don't have a spare. Oh, no. Yes, you do. Oh, all right. Yeah. Julian has the flight attendant there. The flying mappers guy hook a whole bunch of, uh, a spare, uh, seat belts together. So we can try to get up on the top of the plane where Eva's hanging onto the antenna. She flew out. She went to flew out, but she grabbed somehow holding the antenna. Or she just doesn't want to die. And here Julian is reaching up there. And he's like, uh, and, and of course, one of the seat belts is now just about. I'm a vegetarian a part. So they're hanging by a thread. Oh, my. And then, uh, Louise, who just made a mirror, Maraccio's recovered from falling all that blood porn out of his head. Louise has got Charlie cornered. And for a moment, of course, Edna's gone. Ha ha ha. Medelia. She, if she isn't the greatest character in history of television, she sure is. Old Mrs. Wallace Edna Wallace. I wonder she's kind of Kevin Wallace, but anyway, she's the best. Or her in, uh, pressure. And then Beth passes out from seeing this whole thing on TV. And Mrs. Wallace says, hey, precious, making only popcorn for two. Ha ha ha. As the orangutan goes to make some more popcorn while watching all this unfold on TV. It says you had to be there, you know. George is listening out. And I'll tell you Sheridan, consider, and all the stuff, considering she was under water for several days. She looks pretty damn good again, Nunchie. She sure does. In her hospital bed. Oh, and then, of course, Teresa's been beaten on, uh, when they're with a bedpan. Ha ha ha. Fun in hijinks. And puffdog and is a two, uh, goons there, man. They got the, uh, the three guys, like cornered inside again and chance is, well, I'm breaking out of here. Yeah, that's what you think. Like, complexed blackboard. That's what you think. It's, it's a beautiful thing. 24, though, that five 60 W to Q M if you want a really neat meal. Here's a place to really enjoy. Low price, really fresh delicious food. Vic and herbs originating in my hometown of Rochester, New York way back in 1934. 69 years ago. Isn't that just a coincidence? 69 years ago. Vic and herbs is on federal highway. Just not to barbobrod in the tunnel on the east side. And trust me when I tell you or not, just go there and try for yourself or get about me. Vic and herbs is a real flashback in time. And what good restaurants used to be before this prefabricated fast food junk. And you know exactly what I'm talking about. No, uh, rubber tire like meat at Vic and herbs. You'll love their meat. Enjoy hamburger or hot dog served hot fresh and fast. And the good part about their meat is that Vic and herbs is being brought to you by the same folks who feed you Teabra or cheaper. And they use the same fresh underground Chuck meat at Vic and herbs as they do at Teabra or Cheeberger. There's an incredible big fat quarter pound hot dog. One of the biggest juiciest pieces of meat you'll ever suck on in your life. And what makes Vic and herbs different from anybody else is that signature meat sauce that they pour on their burgers and dogs, which you've never tasted nothing like it in your life. And you'll find a whole menu full of all kinds of goodies including great breakfast menu with Vic and herbs. They got your omelette cooked to order French toast pancakes all your favorite side dishes too. No, forget you don't have to be from Rochester. You have to be from anywhere in upstate New York. By the way, those savers make me sick. See what all of talk is all about Vic and herbs. On federal highway, just south of Bradford, about on the tunnel on the east side. Be sure and tell that old meal. Thank you, bye. Now I'm out and low. This is for 25 seconds. You wait until you weigh in the weight. Just let out on through this butter. Here I go head now and break off with a little preview of Arnold. No more determined either to impress up and so too. Scattered for his problems what to do at the moment. I don't have a clue. As you probably can tell, this new job could be held. Here are that bunch of women. That I grew up them pretty well. I've got the fourth board in the next few weeks. Waves popping my paper list of chores. All the two have been stored. Mon is what I'm looking for. It's not big move to transition. This governor's on the mission. That I hope California. That's the big dream that I'm wishing. There's no time to relax. Time is there to make tracks. God, this freaking feeling baby. I'm about to raise up your tax. You know, those stick at rejoins. The situation is especially, as they made little sports nerd. I'm a silly person clearance. The program director. They just keep getting longer and longer. See a rejoin isn't a 30 second bit of segment of play by play from some ballgame. That's how we do it. No, it's not a rejoin. And if Moffa had any balls, which of course we know he don't. He go into her to clearance right now and pound him into the ground. Or at least pound him. I mean, what kind of crap is that? You know, this is going to stop when I get back there. You just wait and see. All right, I'll bring you. You wait and see. I'm going to go into her to clearance. I'm going to take a big, smelly dump right there on his little paper machine. That's right. He's long excruciating. Especially the Zagaki ones. And then the Dave and boring ones from the Marlins from their championships. Success. And the best we can come up with is play Dave and boring. We should pretend that we never did one pitch. I forget about one inning. He never called one pitch on our station. Dave and boring. That's how bad the investment level is if we had any. But we don't obviously. God. 124 votes. What's your biggest beef with big old fat kneel? I have no real beef with Neil 62 and exact 50%. How do you like that? 62 out of 1204. You don't have to be a mathematical genius to finger that out, right? The city. But you know what that means. 50% got a beef. Where's the beast? Two liberal 12. Not enough reading 10. Well, that's not really a beef. That means they want more bedtime story. That's right. He's out of mind. Too much 10. And of course he sounds too happy when he's not here. Yeah. He's too effing negative eight. He rips more too much seven. That's a loot. Sure. He's too much of a fag five. We don't like that. The factory. That awful gay banter. Too much sports talks for too much reading three. Not enough sports talk too. And he hangs up on too many colors. One. Only one. Like I said, we'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. We'll work on that. ... ... ** So tease about your brain. A peer-to-art of the senses. Now, we're talking about kids switch around. A stare. We're talking about kids who don't have a stand-up. It's honestly about your knowledge and capabilities. Actually, much of the distance of having a stomach-fight over — they're particularly voices from around AIDS, and things all over. So feel free and you're going to make friends cry out loud. My poor guys cry and be, like, less. Thank you. And now this is about three weeks. You want all of a sudden this other kid, you know, 1816 and you should know a little better. But you know what? The kid's running away from the house and The other jail of these guys. Then guys in a real threat when he's running around the house. Blast the kid while we're running, you know? I mean, it's that you're supposed to be able to protect your home. When the guy's breaking into the home or you've got your Down there's in your house. I say we, we string right up there with the John Lee Melvo and John My Hammond. Well, you know what the thing is? You know, it's really good to watch too many movies and Think, you know, you shoot someone. Hey, he ruined the peep. You know, he killed the kid. He's ruined his own life. The only fight the guys ever been in in his life. You know, was probably a big, I'll try to cut it open or something. But it's, it's just an average. It's fucking way. Yeah. You know, it really, it really is. In America way. I had an old man the other day in the plaza. Right now it's a normal. Okay. Pull out he 60 years old. And I'm coming down the lane in the parking lot. And he pulled on start yelling at me. Did nobody else would let him own. I said, my problem and nobody else would let you see it. He's 60 years old. I'm 40. I'm 60, 235. And I'm working at the guy like you've lost your freaking mind. Yeah. I'm looking at the guy going, buddy. You know, if I get out of the truck, you're really going to get some Sticker. And he's yelling at me. I'm like, you're listening. You're listening. They are. You know, I'll take any crap, man. Get him. You like those sounds that see they usually don't do this during the show. When I requested that they do one of these viral arms test during the show. Because they are certain something would be on the on the on the on how loud can you hear that. Pretty clear. Good. That's good. That's a little more the on the on the on the on the yesterday. I had like, not in shooters, but people from maintenance inside the apartment during the show, which kind of took me back. And they've got the name viral arms test during the show, which I would say. Unacceptable. Oh, speaking of doing a little more reading, this is worth a reading. Which you were telling me about people sent it to us, and I can confuse it with another story from AP. It's on our website. Companies awarded $8 billion in contracts to rebuild Iraq and Afghanistan have been major campaigned on Rest of President Bush and the executives have had important political and military connections according to a study released yesterday. How do you like that? I was like a dirty liberal law. Just another coincidence. Don't you think? And I'll tell you speaking of cover ups, man. That rusting that it's just like a die. It's just an awkward about that. The study of more than 70 US companies and individual contractors turned up more than a half a million dollars in donation to the president's 2000 campaign, more than they gave collectively to any other politician over the past dozen years. The report was released by the Center for Public Integrity of Washington-based Research Organization that produces investigative articles on special interest in ethics and government. It's staff includes journalists and researchers. The Center concluded that most of the 10 largest contracts went to companies that fore-employed former high-ranking government officials or executives were close ties to members of Congress and even the agencies awarded them their contracts. Major contracts were Iraq and Afghanistan were awarded by the Bush administration without competitive bids because agencies said competition would have taken too much time to meet urgent needs in both countries. No single agency supervised the contracting process for the government. Center executive director Charles Lewis said this situation alone shows how susceptible the contracting system is to waste fraud and colonialism. There's a little reading for the entire stories on our website on theorajus.com along with a lot of other really good stuff. And by the way, speaking of guns. How much money do you think they wasted yesterday with that big investigation over the Halloween, the early Halloween celebrities were their toy gun? $150,000. Is that how much it was? I don't know. I don't know. And they had like, oh, everybody had to evacuate the building. I got their guarantee of one thing. There's a lot of evacuating going on. Some of them people looked at you know. Oh, there's some too crazy people in there with guns. So what are we going to do? In America, you do need to take it seriously because like this last guy said, everybody in America's got guns. It's a national sickness and you can't for love or money talk those people out of it. Well, the fourth amendment says this and the second amendment says, hey, I got the amendment for you. Right up your ass, okay? You can take your gun and stuff it. And it's not what I would tell you right now that 98% of the people in the US are not either emotionally or in any other category qualified to be owning a gun. Right? Right? But just try to rob them. Right? Right? Right? Right? There's three of us and that's about... I don't know about Scott. Oh, there's the sharp image with that, uh, air thing again. He ionic breeze. It blows right through your knee. That blows all right. For that old guy to just call it a whanagod. I won from Brighton. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT and teen Verizon line. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami on a bad phone. Hey, you. Yes, sir. Yeah, that's the phone. He starts. Well, that's something she does good. Have it only. That's what, uh, what's his name said? What's his name? Emilio? Emilio said. He said she sucks. Which is probably a business to all together. Yes, she was on the list. It's amazing how, somebody's people. I don't mind adding ones on it. We forgot. That's okay. But this guy. And by the way, what we have here is a failure to, uh, I've figured you to educate. 1150, uh, what is it? No, no, no, no. How are you doing? It's one 30. What's that schedule look like today? Well, the little dog is on again. The schedule does say, man, it's back next week. And we'll believe that when we hear it. You know, he's been, he's been just goofing off. I have a lot of you think that I'm out of town, not the earth, uh, two day much. At least if I'm out of town, I'm still usually on the air. Oh, that would be it. There's another one for the appool. Too many vacations. Oh, yeah. Huh? Right. That'll win. Too many vacations. And I got one more. Sorry, Eric. Got one more. He puts George on. Oh, that's a win. He puts George on. To fill in. Give her put on those to fill in. And wrap them real tight around your arms. 5, and the local, the 6560. The radio's on your phone. Oh, you aaaah. Ang rape is funny. Oh, man. They were in my dorm. I was still there with that hands held out. They held as loud as they could to George. They were in my dorm. They were for miles and miles. Till they fill up all the beds. They'll build their homes and ride out their feet. On the Halloween night, with those Halloween kids. They dressed up so right. Take it all that you can. And don't give it all right. With their beds, get away. Get it, can they all night? They'll be in my beds. As soon as they're stopped, there's no one from the key coming on and on. For I was later, you'll finally alone. You end up with three beds of candy you've turned to give away. Next year you'll pretend there's nobody home. I'm a Halloween nurse. Here they're now some kid cats. To those ghost deserts, they're all in fat. I'm a Halloween nurse. With those Halloween plants. If you tell them you're nice, then some kids will go straight. On these Halloween night. With those Halloween night. I think it's just fair. Payback is a bitch that some of the homeries go out there by a few dozen eggs. And when the kids ring the bell, if you don't want to lose other, you know, it's like a star portion doesn't like Halloween. You just, you kind of blind-satom with the eggs. And then they're all in the window. And they're not looking to understand you're the door reenabell. There's nothing else of an idea? It is a good idea. I want to get hurt real bad from the egg in the head. But you know, that's a good way to deter them from the facing and the facing and your property. And speaking of Halloween, you know, one thing that I really despise. See there I am being negative again because they say I'm too negative. Is that Halloween not the candy you give away. But what is that kernel corn? What do they call that? Candy corn. Is that what they call it? Yes. I like orange and white and real and cones. Huh? Pointy. Yeah. Candy corn. That's crap. That's tough. How would anybody eat that? The people really eat that? Or is it just like for decoration? No, they eat it. They do? Sure. Oh my god. That's tough taste like mong. It's really good. It's just a good chocolate. Get a chunky. I mean, let's see. We got 200. Or a crispy critters. 205 oats on a full already. What's your biggest beef with Neil? And now I'm under 50%. That's the me. That's like the the important support level as Maria Varta Roma would say. That's the key support level. It's 50% and I'm falling below. 100 say I have no real beef with Neil. That's 48.7%. So over half the audience has got a beef. He's too effing negative 21. Two liberal 18. He's got to out in Miami too much. He's away 17. Not enough reading. Not enough bedtime stories 14. He rips mode too much nine. All the crap you can unwrap all the slime all the time. He's too much to a fag six. He's not an amount of sports talk for too much reading for too much sports talk for. See that kind of cancels out. Not enough too much sports talk. Too many vacations three. He hangs up on too many callers. Three and he puts George on to fill in only two. Say oh, it'll win. I'm sure that we have a few people wish they could change their vote. No, that's I'm just making it up. You love the job you've been doing lately. It just keeps getting better and better and I'm thinking like about 1130. Just for practice. Let's see. Here's this thing. You just passed along to in George Miguel and Boca Brian. I remember Boca Brian used to do some. A lot of really funny stuff for this show. It's in the mail. You know, he ought to be in the mail. I'm going to stamp his damn bald head if he doesn't get with it. You know, it's what? See, one thing I'm learning never pay people for work up front before the work is done. That would be like paying the hand driver. That's just like paying the hand driver before he gets you to your destination. Okay, sir. Here's 30 bucks. Thank you. Okay. Well, get out. You know, that kind of thing. It doesn't. It's not a good practice. Do I George Miguel and Boca Brian today for the six of the cheat in Hell and Dale Beach 100? As in. Andson Boulevard. Is there really a place called Anson Boulevard? Does it name that for Ed Anson from Channel 7? No, I don't know. But it's there. It's not spelled the same. But that's one block east of I. Ninety five on the North side of Hell and Dale Beach Boulevard. Enjoy happy ordering specials and real prizes. Not the usual craft that we try to entice people to show up with. The prizes like t-shirts and heat and panther tickets. And of course, I'll have the best in Neil work to nice to our fancy fancy CDs and those more hard David keychains that we can't give away. So stop buying get some loot and save a dog. But that's cute. A band of pet rescue. Save a dog. Maybe a pussy or two as well. Yeah, if you want. Maybe a cool and possum. And it's one. Let's see. Neil, maybe on your pole you should change. And it. And he rips. It says maybe you should change. Need or rips. Motu much and change it. He doesn't rip. Mo one up. Okay. Well, let's put that one on there too. There's no limit to the categories we can have on here. It's going to be up all week and this is our weekend pool. Let's keep it up all weekend. This is I hate Mo show. The I hate Mo show starting Monday. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. That's not a bad idea. That's a lootie. Keep up the good work and enclosing. We blessed to have the Marlins and Mohawri David. That's an excellent point. Thank you Alex. This is a different Alex. Different from the usual one. Well, he'll be he'll be sounding in five six seven five sixty pound five sixty. And seriously, those people, for example, who say I'm too negative. I'd like to know what I'm negative about. See, those are the emotional cripples out there. Those are the people who'd like me to jump on a Marlin Van Widersa. We love them and didn't I beg Monday and Tuesday by the way. Did I beg people to call in on Tuesday from the Parades? Did I beg for people who were enthusiastic and all are sighted to. And we didn't get any. No. We got finally like one or two at the end of the show because they felt sorry for me because it was so or maybe they felt sorry for the community because it was so embarrassing. Boop called it. Boop called in twice. Oh, and I noticed line one still. I was going to put that thing. I can't do it right now. Or yes, I can't see. Yes. There you go. That was the end of Boop's calls both times. And he said, you know, you hang up on people too much. He's voting on the poll right now. Five six seven. Let's see. That's about a 46.1%. I'm never going to make 50%. Oh, oh, oh, I should never said that. You don't know the really partying on. That's okay. I can handle it. Here's a call from Miami. Buenos dias. New York. Yes, sir. I'm sorry. I was trying to get on right after the gentleman called from Boop. I'm at the end of my rope with idiot. Okay. It's funny thing about that story. There was about 10 kids there. And eight of them were smart enough to go play video games. Except for the ones who didn't know any better. Obviously, either hadn't been talked well enough or went to a long brain to start with to be doing something so stupid. It's 12. Thirty night. If somebody comes on your porch, it's 12. Thirty night and wakes you up. How do you think you're going to react? You're probably not going to shoot somebody. Unless it's previously happened to you twice, which is just what the bomb he's supposed to report to us last week. They're like, get ready to do this. Let me ask you this. Was he was a kid inside the house? No. And bottom line is still going on. You're going to go on. No one else is property. And night where you know you're not supposed to be. I'm not sure enough to the guy. But we certainly shouldn't vilify a guy who's a victim of being a private person. Also. You don't think his life is going on. Well, sure because he killed a kid. Why didn't you get to the house? Because why was that kid on his porch? No. But was the kid inside the house? The kid armed was the kid dangerous. No. I don't want to argue with you, sir. It's not. But you do. And you do. The kid is going to make excuses for people who take other people's lives. This is the biggest problem in America. Is that life is too cheap. He killed the kid. For no good reason whatsoever. The kid represented no threat to him. In fact, if he was so concerned about a widening call on 911. He shot the kid in the back. Yeah, the kid was running away. Oh, but he might have like dropped the bag of the turds on my front portrait or something. One of them pranks that all of us have done. back to Halloween's in past years, okay? And my friends and I when I was a kid, we and we had a neighbor right next to her to my house. She was a real bitch. You can relate to that. You've had some crappy neighbors in your time. I'm gonna just go out. I'm gonna just have a hostile nasty family. And a friend of mine, what I was his name. It almost come to me and his name was something Jewish kid. How unusual and bright and high. Yeah, high. And we would take bags. We would take little paper bag and fill it up with like a dog poop. You know, we'd get in the backyard. I had a little dog skippy and he would like occasionally actually take a crap. And we'd like stick it in the bag and throw up the bag real tight and put it on the her porch. And then run away. It wouldn't set fire to it. Did not. We didn't set fire to it because we lived next door. We didn't like our house to burn out. See, why folks don't burn down their own neighborhoods. But, oh no, it's true. I guess Jews don't either. And no, Jews definitely don't do that. But the fact that a man they burned down the Palestinian neighborhoods. The fact that a man who is that if somebody would taught us for putting a bag of dog crap on her porch, you know, I think that might have been a little bit over the top. Don't you? As the saying goes a little over the top. She could have just thrown the bag back at you. But you see, I'm too negative and I hung up on it. Well, I didn't want to. I mean, he had his say, you know, I was he was on for quite a while. But I just I find it difficult for you to accept the fact you're defending a guy, at least in some part who shot and killed a kid who didn't represent a threat to him for anybody else. I don't care if he had his home invaded 50 times. This business of making excuses for killing people. This is part of the American sickness. That's why I prefer much of the year to live in a place that's a little bit more civilized, whether you people like it or not. I don't care if anybody likes it. They don't like it. I like living in a place and even a place that I visit. You walk down the streets and you're safe. Not everybody is safe. There's crap that can happen anywhere. But generally speaking, it's not a slaughterhouse, like Michael Mortel's, yeah, if you watch bowling for a connoisseur we did even as books America's African slaughterhouse. They're gun crazy. And a bottom line is that not enough you people have respect for human life. I don't get it. And I'm the one who's supposed to be the heave and bastard. But you see, maybe that's the deal. Because I was the one one shot at it if you pardon that expression and you only live once. So when somebody takes your life away, that's the ultimate. You just can't do it. Can't do it. No excuses. If you're defending yourself, if you were your family, you're your dog, whatever, if somebody's going to kill you, okay, lower it crap away. Don't give me an inspiration. Okay. What's your biggest beef would need? I had no real beef with the 111, but that's only 45 point 4%. Of course we added some more categories, which is not good for me. See, out of 244 vote. Or it brings me that brings me down. Oh, there's that alarm. Is this the end of the test of the fire alarm, please? Would you please tell us? Yes, you can have my attention moment here. I'll do it already. We've now completed. Okay, dummy up and get lost. Okay. I'm doing a very high page show. 111, I have no real beef with Neil. He's two, I think negative 24. He's two liberal 20. He's away from Miami too much, 17, not enough reading, not enough bedtime stories, 17. We heard you the first time asshole. Too many vacations 13. That's moving up fast. He rips mode too much. 10. He puts George on the field and you're starting to move up a little bit. I urge you up to nine out of nowhere. He's too much of a fag six. He hangs up on too many colors for another sports talk for too much sports talk for too much reading for any does rip mode enough one out of 244. Is it good? Paul, I like it. And the audience loves it for a day. And see, this is one of the few shows where you invite people to give right on their on a website and say, and you're going to tell me what they don't like. Right? Right. And you know, I'm going to make a lot of changes on Monday as a result of this. No. No. Am I changed my underwear each day over the weekend? Well, let's hope. That's pretty much about it. What was caramel corn? Because that's something different. I love anything like that. It's pop. Yeah, that's right. Oh, I don't. Don't start me with that. I love anything like that. A coffee. I'm I'm a who says I have a sick addiction to coffee. Like this one. So I've said with score and score ice cream and Heath bars. Anything and a coffee coffee crunch that that's farce are called in one day several months ago. Remember? Right. And then he was eating it every day. And it's my fault because I got them addicted on Ben and Jerry's that coffee coffee crunch when you put that in the microwave for 48 seconds. Have you ever had just melted down to like a little oozy consistency? I'm serious. It just I can't help it. It's just too damn good to be true. Poppy cock. Never have that. That's what recovery is to like. Yeah, I think we got samples here. And then I know people who like part of that anyway. Poppy. 11 14 at five 60 eye poppy and speaking of that, look a lot of great segue to talk about the likes of West Booker for all you fat people out there who are desperate to get something with some taste. That's why we like the things we just got through talking about because they have some taste. One thing you'll find is that nobody ever eats six sirloin sticks. Okay. Nobody ever goes and has 15 lovesters no matter how good they are because, you know, it's just not the kind of thing that you jones for. But you want that sweet taste. Most of us who are fat and got a sweet tooth. That's why it lies is so great because they've got over a thousand low car products in the store that you won't find in your regular pedestrian stores. They got bagels and breads and cheesecake's muffins, brownies, chockets, pasta, sauces, chips, dits, soups, ketchup, carbolite ice cream and much more too. All of them low carb should refer your damnier close to it. They have championed like drinks and five delicious flavors. So then they like chocolate chip cookies. They got your apple cinnamon vanilla by carpsense and zillions of other great ends for your atkins are other low carb diet. And it and please don't buy that other book. Please this house beats diet. Don't buy it. Don't waste the 25 bucks. We can use the money for the dogs. You like to waste bulk of where you can sample each and every product in the store before you buy it. And we're also the atkins product around sale all day every day. You let's just open seven days a week. And to 10 you'll find them on the northeast corner of blades in 441 right next to prestigious Boston Market who's still in business. It's amazing or call them toll free at 1 877 low carb LOWWCARB around the web. It's low carb.com. You like to waste bulk is your official atkins retail center. I thought that I had a thing. I thought that I started dressing like this in my teens. dressing like a hookah queen. With your sum cardigan, you need to go and teach. My body's way around it. Like my torso, I'm a manly man. That's not college fees on my cam. I got my mini back there in the jam. My hair is real. Give it a squeeze. Mmm. And my hair is too. I do better cap off the standard advice, but I got a little cold. So I don't have a choice. I like this surprise in the end of the boys. When they get a load of eye, I'm circumcised toy. Nothing as is going on. Harmony's. But not with my clothes. The rest is me. Don't be fooled by the rocks in my pants. I'm chitty with the thickest part for the reek. I got a secret you may not understand. A bit you didn't know. I'm a really a man. A shady one, a rich kid, a hoolio jack. But I'm still known as a girl from the block. I have a big drawer. I have a big drawer. 20 after 11 at 5. 60 WQAM. What's your biggest beef would kneel. It was our poll question. It's a big response to 176 votes. We're getting close to 300 in an hour. Not bad, huh? No, that at all. We'll start from the bottom. He doesn't rip them all enough. Too much reading for too much sports stock for it. I don't know. Sports stock for it. They cancel each other out. Hands up on too many colors for it. See that used to be the big beef. Did that? No. No. Oh, anybody who disagrees, you don't get the chance. All that crap, you know. He's too much of a fag, six. He rips Motu much, 12. Rips him too much. He puts George on to fill in his moving up the list nicely. He's planning up the stock of God in cat climbing up a wall. 16 votes, like his squirrel climbing up the side of your house. Not enough reading. In other words, not on a bedtime story's 18. He's out of Miami away from Miami. He's going to be a big one. He's out of Miami away from Miami too much. 19 is it? And I really would like to know why that makes a difference. I don't want to hear that time, jick, a thing about the pulse of the community. What difference does that make? Misread the cup. Do I go to Kaiio? No. No. What I have been at the Marlon's Parades. If I would have been there? No. Because they like you best when you're bitching. And you're only pissed off as a release. You're not as pissed off as much when you're up there. I'm not pissed off at all when I'm here. See there? Well, I'm already still seem to be pretty good. I'm happy and miserable as they are. I just, like I said after this last vacation, I've got a new leaf maple leaf on life. I just refuse to do it. I'm just not going to be miserable because you got a bunch of sour pasty hateful people who want to export their misery to the rest of the world. Screw it. Be miserable. Come on. We're no more do it. Yeah. He's away from Miami too much. 19. Too many vacations. 20. He's too liberal. 20. He's too effing negative. 26. 9.4%. 9.4% of 14.8% of 11.1%. See if I put on 7 or 8 more categories, that wouldn't even be able to crack 40%. Right. So if I could self defeat you, but that's okay. I can handle it. I got the big balls. I can handle it. Here's a fact from Rick who says, Where's the spastic spick would it be with a van and vested me to merchandise? He's going to be in his office with the Reen servicing that pitch. Since I have Mula burning a hole in my pocket, so tell that mango munching a hulu to get off his ass and sell the stuff for the poor puppies and kittens. Lastly, who's that witch on your web page? He broke my screen. Take her off. No, not only are we not going to take a raffle. We have a new and improved real nasty current picture that pitch to show you. He looks another day over 90. In fact, Scott was saying to me this morning, who said, I'm no 5 scenes for Ranna not. He said, I'm looking for the picture on the web and the only person I can see is like a much older version of that crawling around here. Some old skank. I said that's her. Old skanky but she was she at the party last night, George. Yes, she was. Skranny was at the party. And of course every day when she's there is a party. Did you see the picture yet? Oh, it's on there already. Yeah. A couple of minutes. I can't wait for this. Plus we got some other stuff. Is that also on there? Yes. Because I never know. Well, I never on that page. You know me. I have to like see. I'm sorry. It's a dead road special. And boy, this is taking like an extra second. Okay, let's see. Oh, it's a beautiful thing in time for a hulu way. And there she is. The witch of the east. Scrape. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, man. Is that a beautiful thing? It says it may be Halloween, but this is not a costume. Nice going square and you skanky nasty smelly bitch. Let's see. Here's the bush mice to say in my meeting with Arnold Schwarzenegger was very productive. And it must be morta wood on this. I don't know what to say. I learned that you grab women's boobies like this. Oh, that's right. He's got his hand. That's excellent. That's beautiful thing. You have to see the whole thing. Oh, and the one beneath that. Ha ha ha ha ha. Just in time for a Halloween. I like the a prison effort on the one. Who's that? I don't know. And let's leave bottom right. Anyway, there's the whole bush hunter. There's Cheney and Condolisa. And there's who's that one? There's a rummy in the background. There's the bush bunch just in time for a Halloween. It's a beautiful thing. So we got some great stuff for you to prove on our website, Neil Rogers.com. And you might also want to make a contribution to a band of pair rescue if you would please. 37,775 bucks is our total as of 3 yesterday. And we're creeping along. We'll at least crack 50 anyway. We should do, but it's just, you know, it's, it's, it's one of those years. It's tough. Everybody's crying to blues. Can't raise no money for charity. So we'll do the best we can. And if a bunch of little dogs and puppies die and can have a home because of the fact that you people are too tight, you can live with that. I'm sure you can. It'll be on them. That's right. It'll be on your ass the rest of your life. And then of course, when that day comes, when judgment day comes, and the gates of state, whatever it is, are waiting for you. Saints, Peters. And you'll have to answer, how come you didn't cough up a couple of bucks, especially most of the people are inside the building are like Greg Reed. And he'll be checking the party last night. No. No. Now, I'm telling you Greg, you really are a joke. You're, you're just pathetic. All you do is use and take and take and use. Well, and it comes to giving us back and helping us out. Can you imagine? Can you even imagine an IOD if Bob Green or Mike Disney wouldn't help us out with an I speak fact check? And when we did our fundraiser's? Never want to happen. What it? Nope. Never did happen. And here we got one like Major check in there from a duff who did nice job. That's because duff has got a heart. She's got a real heart. She's all heart. I wish she is a heart problem, not she then. And, y'know, lately I'm missing those health reports I used to get from duff every more. Because he's in a big hurry, he's got to go in there monitor for all show. I'll go get that. Huh? He had to run right now, I'll go get it. No, I don't want to help with for. I need it. Wow. I need to do it. I do it. I need to do it. I need to do it. He said he's okay, just shake it and it's head to. But other than that, we got some people walking around that building. Oh, didn't we also get a check from John's here? I see told me where I dream that. I think we did. and Ray Ray Ray. And just a handful of people screw him. He was a big pilot, turd man. It's also a boat that I picked her. And she did post for the picture? Sure. I thought that was like my one of those made-up jobs. No, I got the poster like an action figure. That was for real. In other words, she was in the studio because I see that picture in a back right if you want to see the studio from which George is sitting in right now. And I usually broadcast on the 10 days year that I'm there. You can take a look at that because she's right in there. And I hope you're fumigated before I get back to town. This is George Whittie of my city. You way am. No, you don't see a sign. I'm gonna Alabama. I won't know for sure until I get to the lab. But I think it looks like covering thy neighbors. See a sign. I'm gonna Alabama. With a 10 Commandments rule. So what do you get from me? Your victim had tuna salad for lunch. Borfals, whittin' has had at least several false gods. Before him and may not have honored his mother and father. But all the tests aren't in you. See a sign. Come here Alabama. Sunday night. Right after let's pray in the living room. Now scared play that because that's not like historically funny. And because we had the facts. It said how about too many unfunny comedy bits. I mean, ahead of its moments. It was I give it about a five on a scale of 10. It was weak. Well, that's why I played that one because I knew it's not very good. And I wanted to read this facts. Also, here's a fact. And I'll be forg it to the next one. There were just your one again that video. Which I'm sure you've seen about 150 times about the fedaein and the brutality of the Reckes that video that we now conveniently found to show you how brutally these people are. Of course they don't want to show any videos from the shot of Iran and our boys and a Savak. The other things that they did to the people in Iran. And about the top of dock and baby dock and the things that they did in Haiti. All of our close personal friends. They're all of a sudden we decided that the same side. I'm that we supported in so long kinds of chemical and biological weapons to back at early 80s. He was brutal and he was doing these terrible things. Just like we decided that the Taliban who were going to make the great business deal with for that Afghan oil pipeline. After the deal fell through and then turned out they were much as comebacks. I mean that's how it ended. We said how many millions to it. And of course thank goodness that our friends, the Saudis, don't be head those people in that hanging square. Whatever the hell I call it. What do they call it? What do they call it? They got a name for it. They got a name for it. Like people's heads off. Anyway, how about the headless horseman? How's he doing? Older Kibad. Here is another one. We're going to put that on there too many on funny comedy bits. I don't care. Yeah put them on there too many on funny comedy but there's one for Eric. And here's one. I see when I put this on there because I want to explain to this facts here the way it works. It says he works for a station that plays the same sorry ass commercials over and over and over and over and over again. Let me explain this to you sir. I'm sure it's a sir. I'm WQM and I'm the only one honest enough to tell you this. Although I think that if anybody else on our station or you know press to the test or anybody else. The answer would tell you the same thing. See, the beeslears are a bunch of grave robbers. We don't really care. If we only had one sponsor who just had billions of dollars to a limited budget. And we ran one spot but we ran it like 20 times an hour. We wouldn't care. We don't care if we just played the same spot over and over back to back side by each. We wouldn't give a crap. Besides. Yeah. The commercials fund the programming. What difference does it make? What commercials were playing? Because the guy want his reaching. He loves me. Don't you understand? But he's reaching desperately to find something that he can bitch about. And I agree and why did them to do it? And how you're putting them down? No wonder you moved up to almost second place. Give me a minute. I don't know where. I don't know where. He's not a nowhere. From a sitting start. Just what I said. You weren't on here for like the longest time for like an hour. And just as an afterthought we thought well, maybe a couple of people would be pissed off with George. What's your biggest beef with Neil? I have no real beef with Neil 153. That's 42.5%. But that means 57.5% got to be five to 360 votes. They got a problem with me. Too many vacations 34. By the way, I have an extra week this year. Six weeks this year. He puts George on the fill in 31 to fill in. He's too effing negative. Look at how many that's got. About 30 man. He's still a lot of telling what I'm negative about. I want to hear. I want some specifics. He's too liberal 22. All I got news for that ain't gonna change. That'll change today that Michael Moore becomes a right wing Republican. He's not not enough reading 20. I'm not fed timester. He's away from Miami too much 20. 5.5%. Just change again. I wonder if George is not you still to find behind the vacation thing. He ripsed Mow too much 14. He hangs up on too many colors. 80 does rip Mow enough. Eight. That's catching up. He's too much of a fag. A fary seven. Too much sports talk five. Too much reading for another. I've got an upstair stock for out of three sixty seven. See that like this kind of stuff. This audience. This is the kind of thing that they can sink their teeth into. You know. You know. You know. That's one of the things we provide is a free service in South Florida. We give people a chance. There you go. I got a lot of pent up anger and hospitality. And we give him a chance to let it out. When it down. Let it out. You know. And the anger too. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. What is this? Hello. Yes sir. And tell you the truth. Not that I want you to go on vacation. But when you do. And that other guy comes on that George. Report to me. To sleep. I get the best four hours. Sleep in my life. Not Reverend Jones. Uh. Yes. This is it's reverend. It's all far with the. Okay. Well, the noise to charge for the. And some of your cure. Was not Reverend Jones. Every time a car comes on a year old. Like with it. Doesn't like you. That's Reverend Jones. It was not Reverend. What's even so. Scott. You think that was Reverend Jones put on a voice. Every time he calls that was not Reverend Jones. It was an old car. It would like a with a like a frog buried in his throat. Neil, who did you think it was. Oh, I was ready for that. Scott. Still don't have the rest of his hockey tickets. Let me say it again. Scott. Pick yesterday which is rubbing off from this. My psychic powers. I'm spreading him around. He picked the exact score of last night's Pan. His game and out of all which not only the fact that they would win three to two, but just the exact score and they had a chance for an empty net goal right there at the end, but they didn't want to spoil it for you. So they like shot it wide. They screwed around. And that was it. That was phenomenal. Out of a by the way, Mr. Vusty the arena. But that's their fault. That's their problem. Jacques Martin. 560560. On the 8T and T and Verizon Marlos line, this story about this gay kid in Jupiter. This is a very American-very pathetic. A gay high school senior says he was outed by a teacher then kicked out of the Christian high school he attended in Jupiter, Florida. Oh, boy. Now the family of 18 year old Jeffrey Woodward has filed a lawsuit against the school in Palm Beach County Circuit Court, claiming the school violated his privacy, disrupted his education and had not been forthcoming about why it expelled him. A Christian school. You know something, you were liggins out there. You make all the rest of a sick to our stomach. We hate you. We can't stand you. Anybody with a brain knows that religion is pure poison. Spell it with me. P-O-I-S-S-O-I-N. Poison. Poison. Poison. Vincent and Hapard August 15. While Woodward was attending Jupiter, Christian school according to the lawsuit. Woodward said a teacher pulled him out of class to sure to let their discussion would be mostly confidential. As long as the teen didn't say anything about bringing a weapon to school or causing anybody harm, statements the teacher would have to report. Woodward says the teacher didn't ask him if he was gay. He said that rumor had it had it that I was gay and trying to come out in school Woodward said, I then admitted to him that I was gay myself, but didn't much anything about coming out. The teacher didn't tell him why he asked. I trusted that all the things had been between this would be kept between me and him Woodward said, but he believes the teacher told supervisors because the next thing Woodward knew, the dean of students called his mother and said that he needed to meet the school officials to discuss her son's sexual orientation. Carol Glood had already known that her son was gay, but she was a Paul that had became the subject conversation with his teacher. I was shocked that this conversation was held without a parent present with him, and I was shocked that they would have had this conversation with him in a first place, you said. The school declined to speak to the morning America, baby, see because student confidentiality issues, however the school disputes Woodward's version of her inside its website. Jupiter, Christian school officials did not outmister Woodward, nor did we violate any request confidentiality, any allegation to the conference simply false the statement says. School officials exercise great care went to extraordinary lengths. To work with Mrs. Glood and Jeff on a variety of issues, when given the opportunity, Mrs. Glood defined a follow-up published policies of the school, including a appeal procedures that relate to any expulsion decision, and indeed they filed an emotionally charged lawsuit and sought press coverage of their complaints. The website also includes a letter from school president Rich Grim, the parents and school court is disputing the suit's allegations. Please know that we dispute many of the facts in the claim, as some of the information contradicts our records in our timeline, we are faith that the ministry of Jupiter, Christian school will be exonerated. Well, be exonerated. Thank you for your prayers and support, let us say it. Glood says that when she sat down with Grim and the dean of students, she said she was told the school and learned Woodward was gay and that she had a couple of choices. I waited you out much to listen to this next sentence. They gave us the options of working with the school to help Jeffrey with his problem, or we could voluntarily withdraw him or they would expel him, Flood said. Now, the result of the school helping with his problem, quote unquote, I see. I didn't know I had a problem. Oh, yeah. Glood and her, no, small one. Glood and her husband support Woodward don't believe that anyone can overcome their sexual orientation. She said the family asked for a letter, stating the reasons for Woodward's expulsion, but the letter says he's the contained no answers. This letter serves as notice to you that your sentence is spelled from the school effective immediately. Let her said, please know we will be praying for you and your family during this time of transition. The school declined to give her letter, detaining which school policy or sounded broken. Nothing in the school manual indicates that gay people can't attend. There's no law on the state of Florida that prohibits discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation. Said trans steel, the family's attorney. However, under school policy, a student must be given a reason for expulsion. It's clear that any student that's spelled must be provided with a letter in writing. The same exact reason for the expulsions field said, that wasn't done here. The lawsuit isn't aimed at changing in laws, but it's anger moving to blemish of expulsion from his record steel said. According to the school handbook, his student may be expelled or lay for, bringing a weapon to school, committing a felony or assaulting a teacher or another student. That's it. Not proving a fact. There's no provision for expelling someone for Honour Seppable Moral lifestyle, which was with a periodowed on here steel said, Woodward's now attending a public high school, which they should have been doing in the first place. All your religious people, don't put your gay children by an A.R. religious school, okay? Is that incredible or what? I want to mention again, just 40 or 50 times. Uh, it's, so what's the school again? Jupiter Christian School. Oh, my, my, and local, we're sports radio five. Freaky and school. Jew-A-M. Now, from Washington, the McCluckland group, featuring Eleanor Cliff's Jack Cermon, and sitting in for a patty cannon, New York Giant Cheeky Barber. Now, here's John McCluckland. Is you on, George W. Rings of Alt, Eleanor Cliff. Well, John, I have to say, John, catch him on. Well, that's not an easy choice. Wrong, cheeky Barber. I'm going to have to say the pork brong. Excellent, sir. Four exercise. What, what have I mean, even a choice? Next issue. Algo. Favorite Broadway show. Bring in the noise, bring in the funk or cast. Eleanor, she, I think, is well and all. Well, John, and that's his dad. Wrong, Jackie Jackie, come on. Well, that's a very difficult choice. Wrong, cheeky Barber. I'm going to have to say, right. Not a choice, cheeky, cheeky Barber. You gave it to the less than it wasn't a choice. Wrong, correct response. Caps. He loves them. Next issue. The cast, the big brother, should be murdered. How? Eleanor. You're a thief. Wrong, Jackie Barber. Thin on my wrong cheeky Barber. I don't think they should be killed. Wrong, actual answer. Poison pudding. Bye, bye. 14, I love it. I just love it. 14, they'll do it at 5, 60, W, 2m. Too many on funny comedy, but it's we have them for that on there again. Oh. You know, I'm looking at this and I invited them to vote, whatever they think. But this thing about too many vacations, I'm assuming that those people who say too many vacations are people who like it when I'm doing the show. And those people should realize that being a dottering old man who in just a couple of days who now next Wednesday, I'll be 61 years old. I'll be almost a senior citizen. Oh, I realize that the more vacations I had the longer they can stride that I can keep going hang out out of this thing. No, no. 24 hours. I think I want to vote for not enough vacations. How many weeks a year do I want? About 30 minutes. That sounds reasonable to me. No, we don't want to see if I see that they never put that on their go put it on their not enough vacations are it. Even I don't have the balls to do that. Toy gun shuts down US house office building. Everybody knows about this thing and happened yesterday, right while we were on the year. But it's interesting how the authorities and the media really can bind to give a really fascinating information. For example, they were looking for a man of about five foot five with the dark hair and well come to find out that then it was saying it was a man in a woman. Come to find out that we're two congressional staff members both women. There was no five foot five man. Would that be a good job by US capital police? Two congressional staff members both women called police to say they had the bag that they were searching for US capital police chief Terrence Gainer is trying to report a shortly for three p.m. The women put bags containing hollowing costumes to the x-ray machine. The office of the machine turned briefly to once your questions from another person and the women took their bags left to check point. Now when you're at the airport, for example, you see that happening all the time. Now let me just say this to you. Okay, all you three and a half dollar an hour assholes were sitting there supposedly guarding the security of mankind. You don't have to like look at somebody to talk to them. I realize that's a great novel approach life, but you can actually continue looking at your screen doing your job. Without diverting your attention and getting, you know, but a lot of those people want their attention. Do you see it all the time? They're not painting any attention. You know, 16 bags with 400 grand grenades and 15 shotguns and a part-page and a pair of tree and a bunch of mace and whatever else. And knives and stuff. Let's go on through there. You're busy. All while the restroom is over there. You should have gone before you came through the security check button. Whatever. Well, would you please take you down on my shetty and check it at the thing because you can't bring it on to plane? See it all the time? Not that I want to get anybody scared because that's what the administration wants. Just like one of the stories says on our website today, fear is what they need when he election next to you. That's what they need to do and they're doing a great job. But if that maybe the whole thing is that it was just staged part of a series of staged events, the key people on edge wouldn't surprise me if a lot of people get their doorbells wrong tonight. By strangers. What's your biggest beefwood kneel we're asking? 412 votes. I have no real beefwood kneel. 175, 42.4 percent. Too many vacations. 40, 9.7 percent. You're right on the ass for a second. There you actually were hit. Oh, I thought it was time. Got a good battle for a second. He puts George on the fill in 39. He's too effing negative 32. I still don't know about what I'm waiting to hear. He's too liberal 27. He's out of Miami too much 22. Not enough reading. Not enough bedtime stories 20. He rips more too much 15. Does it have more enough 12? That'll pass the other one. He's too much of a fag. Fagget. Ferry. Maddick Cullen. 9. Limp wrist. He hangs up on too many colors 8. Too much sports talk 5. Too much reading 4. Not enough sports talk 4. Out of 412 votes. Now look at that phone. Pretty weak. Pretty weak response here. 5.670560. 5.660 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Because they don't have the courage of their convictions. They won't call and say what is, you know, for example, I'm too negative. What is a negative about? How do I know unless they tell me, right? Right. Here's Miami. Hello. No, okay. So we got one call on the board and it's from Crossbrings. Hello. I'm here. I agree with you. George is too quick on the butt. And I'm both a new state. That was very much. That was very much. That was very much. So that takes care of the calls. Let's do screen list the rest of the day. Give you the rest of the day off. Just as a reward for picking these X-Squared of hockey. I give you tomorrow's results too. If you'd like. No. Don't quit while you were hit. Don't push it. Don't push your luck. Take it from an old fart like me. Don't push your luck. To like this show today. I thought we were really off to the races here today. And look at what we are in and do like a brick wall. Inspection going to work on his phone over the weekend or somebody please. Stop causing trouble. Line one not working there. Leave you a reward. They'll just take it. Not acceptable. It's unpalatable. Nobody to kill a N. Yes. I love it. Yes sir. It's what he. You don't have to tell me. I know it's what he said. I didn't know it was worth it. The first word. I knew it was what he. I can tell what he when I see one. Nobody to kill a N. Hello. Yeah. I like give my opinion on Neil Survey. Go right ahead. Let me see. Go right ahead sir. Please. You're on right now. I'm on the live. This is you. This is me. You're on live. Live on QA. I'm another setting. That's very exciting. Yeah. I'd like to tell him George sucks. And that's. That's that same guy too. We'd like to have some different people. We already know what would he think. And the George sucks. I think we'd like to hear from some different people who ordinarily just sit back and are amused and amazed by the parade of assholes. We'd like some different assholes to call in today. As opposed to the same old pedestrian assholes that we heard from day after day for many, many years. But to the man. You know, it gets a little bit ponderous. You know, it's not really fresh and entertaining. Now what does that call you've got our holder from Miami? Hello. Hold on. Yes sir. Another option for your poll too many bad words. Yeah. You could put that wall. That's right. You put a bad word. You could put that one on there. Such as. For other religious people. Okay. Thank you. That's a good. He's right. That is a good suggestion. Too much foul language. Yeah. That's a very good one. I like that. Thank you sir. You're just redeemed yourself. Party mouth asshole. In spite of your foreskin. He just redeemed himself. That's right. That's me old party mouth. Can't help but I got the parat syndrome. Nathan Parade who led in one of those buffalo ghouls last night. By the way, back to the miners. Back to St. John's Nathan. You suck. What? What? Oh man. 419 votes on the pool. And let's see if George can move it a second place. I'm taking a look at it. No. You're still one behind the vacation. Just wait till I move. Many vacations. 41 people say you're always on vacation. What kind of a job is that for the kind of money your pan? And I'm going to say he sounds jealous to me. I got three computers. I go to the other. I can get paid this kind of money working 10 days a year. Oh yeah. See, I mean, I disagree with you. But am I going to turn it down? Oh, it's like it's like pay rod, man. Hey, how about 25 many years? Sure. I'll take it. Look at that. I led the league in home runs. I'm going to finish in last place. Well, that's okay. See, that's the difference between a guy like pay rod and a guy like me. What was WQA in the last rating book this summer in a strategic way? Well, thanks of course in part to us. But also thanks to a lot of other people like a forrow and even the Moll Myster and the Mad Dog and the Humper. We're number one. David. And you're on Mark overnight. We're number one. David. See, so I'm on a winning team. Not on the last place that a team like pay rod, but I would rather swap my salary for 25 million. Wouldn't you? I'll take yours then. Okay. And Scott can have the hockey tickets. Okay. Thank you. I am. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? Pretty good. Where are you from? I'm on the road. I'm on the way. Another output today. Okay. I'm going to show you some of the early 80s before the first started. All right. Remember when you just played a few bits, you know, from a very comedy. And now it's like you got a whole lot of bits. That's the only thing I would put on your pole. I just want to go. How about too many comedy bits? Just too many bits. You know, what you're not. So we've heard of so many times that they were funny. I mean, it's like that a ball 30 thing. You've choked that. No, you know, every guy I was that. Now they're these three. All right. Don't they? Okay, man. We'll put it on there. Thanks for the memories. I haven't read that. I think it's phone crap now. Or maybe he just died. Now that's a good point. Too many comedy bits. If we put too many bad ones, let's just put too many comedy bits. Right. Okay. And what was the other thing you said there right at the end? That seemed to make a little bit of sense. Oh, no, too many comedy bits. Some people will agree with that. And what was the other one we just said before? But it's one of the other. Too much problem. We just already got a vote. God damn it. Like I was fast. Yeah, I didn't waste no time. He was good. Thank you very much. Oh, me. Oh, that's a real pillar on panicking. You're right. Me, oh. The boys they thought Luis was dead. But he just kind of dusted it himself off and Hank helped him out. You notice how, uh, End of Wallace, Every time the police come there, Especially Hank, She's always got her hands all over. And grabbing his arrow, You musculer, You're young, Pully, She's something else. Everybody ought to have a mama like, End of. And look, This is right. Maybe, This is, You, You, You, This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12-to-one hour on Q-8-M. Well, good morning. This is former Vass president and former President, You can't of it, Out, gore. I'm here to cross the rumors. I am alive. I used to be the man who was in control. I used to be the man who was on a roll. Now I just been home in my undies and songs. Looking for that key to my damn lot of box. Oh, Dick Cheney, If Link your special, Oh, Dick Cheney, You think you're from the house. So your Mr. Popular VP. That doesn't press me much. Here at least is that a dime, And you're falling. Now don't get me wrong. Dick, I think you're all right. But how many times does your heart beat at night? You know him, press me much. So I'm sorry. So I'm sorry. Now I'll do your boss. Who's the real big man? He should write, Thank you, notes, too. After Janice's plan, There's only two types of things From Texas, you know, His dance been card run. He's a little joke. Oh, George Bush, You think you're a special? Oh, George Bush, you think you're from the house. So your Mr. Popular president, Who? That don't impress me much. So I want to be hurtful. I can be so here here. So I'll figure the rules. Pro. Now don't get me wrong. George, I'll play, I'll write, But how many bears are your girls drinking night? Ah! You don't impress me much. Don't come there with a real president, A real man. And what about me? Look at me. I'm a killer of perfection. Though I'm a Muslim, I'm a cat, I'm a phoenix, But maybe I should. I have a child. No. I'm beautiful. 443 votes on our pool on neo-rangeers.com And none for too many comedy, But that's why play that one there. Yeah, because it's another comedy, but. Join George Miguel and Boca Brian, Who used to do a lot of really funny stuff for the show Before he started the make-out kinds of excuses. Join today 4 to 6 of the Cheetah and Helen. They'll beat 100 Anson and S. Bullard. Anson Bullard, Anson. Is that how it's really spelled A and S. I. N. I guess. Is it in sin? It's a sin. Every the block. He used to buy 95 on the north side of Helen. The obese bullard. They'd probably be a lot of sins going on there with the Cheetah. Enjoy happy hour-dreamed specials. And real nifty prizes, not the usual craft that we give away. Real prizes like T-shirts and heat and pants or tickets. And a bunch of stuff. We're going to have some of them. Marlon T-shirts, the other way too. Yeah, I think we might. All right. Of course, they'll have the best of meals stuff. Yeah, I will have that. Yeah. Nobody wants that stuff for a band in Paris. We're just too proud to see. Poor desperate dogs and cats and perikets and lizards and stuff. So stop buying, get some loot and save it to all get the same time. That's 4 to 6 this afternoon at the Cheetah and Helen Dale Beach. 567. We're doing screenless now to a clock because Scott's different. He's overworked. Plus they like this every now and then. And I'll get to it. It's a little more exciting. 560560 pound 560 on a AT&T. Plus it goes a lot of time because it takes at least 30 seconds until they realize that it's green. Listen that they're actually on the air. WCWAM. Yes, sir. How's it going? Pretty good. Good. I used to listen to you back in over at beta, over in 94.9. Oh yeah, back when the show was good, right? Yeah. That's why when you used to talk about Yolvin. Yeah. It was all they heard. It was coming back in after got to. You know what happened there? No, you wouldn't know who that is. The Yolvin guy. That's the WCW Donut. Yolvin guy. 560. 560. 560. 560. On a AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. See I told you we need to have some different answers. Not the usual ones. Woody. And Reverend Jones. I mean at least Reverend Jones wants in a great while. Is someone I'm using. I hate to say that because that'll encourage him. But he's got to hate it to him. But Woody is not funny. He's detestable. We hate him even worse than we hate scurran, which is saying a hell of a lot. Almost as much as we hate Todd Dreck. And certainly 10 times as much as we hate Mo. Absolutely. I mean like that. Yeah. But Woody. We wish you would die. I'll horrendous death. We don't want anybody else to die. So don't like it in a record. So don't like that unless it's in the side of a building. That's like an abandoned building. That's empty. He wouldn't die. Woody just crash right into it. I mean, you can only pray. How many QAM? Deal. Yes sir. I didn't get a chance to call in yesterday. I called but I can't get a busy signal. You're ready ahead. We're gotting a poll yesterday. Starts spreading the news. Starts spreading the news near of New York. I mean, is the name of the song. Yeah. Yeah. Good choice. Excellent. I want to ask you something about the panzers. Are they ever going to get competitive again? No. I don't want to get a new QAM and the whole new order to fall over again. I want to tell you one thing. No, I got a hand there because I did see a little bit of that came last night. I was thinking of myself. You got a hand into my keen and because actually he's doing a pretty decent job. They're not off to that bad of a start. With with with very little talent there. It is like, you know, a four or five guys on the team are like real players. And the rest of his like make believe. But do I think they're going to make the playoffs? No. No. They're not going to make the playoffs. No. That's how they're going to be. And they're going to land our on fire this year. And it's just the just to end the island. There's just too many teams are going to have to beat out. Even my fear. I was going to shot. It's real sad when they can't even compete in a week division. Right. And it's division where Washington's got three points to show you how weak the division is. Washington's got three points. Three. Three. Count them. Three. Who knows those trace. You know, it's just another. Another thing is not weighing. You know, he just mail those a panther. Just like he did with the marlin. That's correct. That is correct. And they let them. The new owners thought they were really smart. They left Mr. Bo tie in here to finish off the job that BN did before him and get rid of all the players. Whitney and Melon be at all the guys who were like real players and cylinder. And now what you got is like a button to the on your upstairs new organization again. Well, keep your life's cross pal hope for the best. Because Scott says they're going to win the tie tomorrow night. Miracle on nice two. He said two two. They're going to put on a two two and they're going to tie it. Only you can insert out to be real player. And Victor Coslaw in between doing this figure. He says actually scored four goals already. Anybody care about the panties? Oh, I'm sorry. How many people do you think they're going to have for the San Jose game tomorrow night? Now that this series is over. Not to the man. I have some people in there. Some ask them the seed Scott's going to be there. Did we give you tickets for that game? You sure did. All right. There he goes. Scott's going to be there. He'll be sitting in my tickets. Go up to him in between the periods. Even during the game if it's boring and say, Hey, are you that Scott got the Scott for real guy? But the other Scott guy that they're always picking on and say, Uh huh. And I say, oh, well, we can see why out there them. Look at this Georgia's pulling the second place. What's your biggest beef with old Neil? I have no real beef with Neil. 155. He puts George on to fill in 43. Too many vacations 42. So there's a real nose that I was neck and neck. It's like a firm than Ali Dar. A voter part for second place. He's two happy negative 35. And I still don't know about what. See, I still think a lot of that has to like the guy that called me. I'm the Tuesday or whatever was about well, I've listened for 30 years. And I just don't understand. He's still listening now as a matter of fact. I know that. I just don't get you. How are you doing, Schmuck? He has because I refused to jump on a bandwagon and pretend that all of this You for you was going almost legitimate. And like Linda Robertson wrote that calm I read yesterday. Most of these people never even went to a game. A Marlon game this year last year or last circus any time. Or maybe one or two games in the history of the team. And yet they're never. We won the championship. We are so great. Yeah, all the other crap, you know. And they're already making excuses why they're not going to go to the new ballpark. If in my neighborhood because it's the soft word. If in the future, if the excuse factor, we always have it to all of you know. It's passed over next year or it's going to be there's a cloud this guy or my cat's got wild diarrhea and I can't leave the house because the litter boxes are flowing or something. You know, or it's too far away. They didn't build the next to my house or parking cost to. But it's amazing that when it was the championship time and a playoffs and then in the world serious, it wouldn't have made any difference how much they charge. All of a sudden they found tons of money in their backyard under a tree somewhere. They all found big piles of money. They were a climbing all over each other to jump on a bandwagon. Even for parking. Even for parking what? $20 to park at the world. No problem. No problem. Playoffs is the world series. We'll pay a hundred dollars. We don't care. We want to be in on this. We want to be on something good here. WQIM. Hello. Yes sir. Am I on? It sounds exactly like you. How you doing sir? Pretty good sir. Hey a couple of things. Firstly in your pole. This sounds like Orlando, I was a Gary. No no. Hey in your pole. The one of George and the one of you going to many. Going to many vacations. Right. They're kind of one in the same. Yeah that's true. There is some crossover there. You know so. So George has some more points there. So George instead of forty five you ought to have 80's all 80's some votes. Right. Okay. You got any set up. Oh George. Alright. That's all I got. I hate George. Alright. Oh. Well see it's difficult because like when you're filling in. Like last week when I'm on vacation and you're doing a show. If you took a pole, who do you hate worse? Neular George. And of course you have I don't hate anybody. Which there may be five or six people would say that. But you see what I'm saying when you're on. Because it's the people who like you are that you would think. You would think. You would think. You know how that works though. Yeah. They say they hate it. Right. So in other words what you're trying to do is say the people who say that they hate you. Actually they might actually hate me. But they still listen. But oh no we know that. There's no question they're all listening. The whole town is listening right now. Even a Paul and old Ron there. Listener. Take a notes to. And by the way we still don't want you on QA. Am I check with Greg and he said that we don't want to hire that loser. Okay. I know it's really tough working over there for cheap channel even though your numbers are pretty good Paul. But I know it's kind of tough. So I have to make up all kinds of stories and try to twist and turn and use me as like a lightning ride to try to drum up the audience. And I ain't going to work. I ain't going to work. Joey tried that and saw Florida too. Really worked well for him. Yeah. Oh, by the way, speaking of that. Yeah, there was another one with Joey. Joey grabbed on to all the losers. All of the cronics, all the losers. Billy, Billy, Billy, Billy, whatever that guy's name was. All a crap man. He was like he was like a crap magnet. Was Joey Reynolds. A crap. Those were the good old days man. I was sure wish we were back on FM like those day to day. Like the guys like they got a call before. Yeah. Then the beer you. What? That's right. Then they would really fear me if I was on FM. See, because cheap channel is like praying to have a voodoo doll. They think that I'm going to like croaker something. Real wakes me up in the morning. I'll tell you right now. I'm going to live to be 100 just to piss off David Ross and all those people to cheap channel and the people to especially. And just keep jamming it down your throat. Jamming it down your throat and jamming it down your throat and put big numbers in there because you people suck and you piss off. You destroy the whole freaking business. All right. With your friends in abortion administration and Michael Powell at the FC and C. You people suck. You're at a disgrace. You're an embarrassment to the human race. See, it'll wake me up with a smile. I'm going to be a drink of my coffee. I'm going to be a bunch of them with a full of a dog. And you've got to smoke with me. Let's get a bottle of a towel. I'm going to work in my room with a dolly. We've paid a full of a dog. We're going to be a real man. We're going to be a real man. Yes, yes, yes. Here's the pruss. Here's the pruss, as though we're going to be a real man. Well, 13 at 560, the World Famous, Neil Rodgers show up. And Neil Rodgers show that years ago used to be pretty good. My life and local, this is 14.0560. Way to way, yeah. Oh, present! 748 of a great as songs of love, especially from a lady in your life by Jerry Lewis. Riding with you and Rosie. So many love songs for your lady. All interpreted by the love, myster himself. I've been living with a full superstar in our day, Jerry Lewis. I don't get your favorite lady love song. Nice lady, lady. Lady, lady, the cross by big, rest and no. It's an amazing company of 748 love songs for your lady. All visually remastered in all performed by the masterful superstar, Jerry Lewis. All right, just staring and inviting you to join me on K-Tell Reckon. Every day, they're special, musical tribute to my lady. You don't get this arrow's bit classic. A, a, a, a, a. It's just like a lady. A, a, a, a. It's just like a lady. It's Jerry, you don't get a little old lady with a barren tweezers. And Ellen, when he's hit, never sound it better. That day no way the heat of lady in the way that he come, baby, go home. And listen to Jerry's amazing interpretation of the super hit from a k-com. Take a pump. Baby, if my wife's in the lane, baby, if you're in the lane, I'm not in the lane. Jerry Lewis! I can, I'm not that bad. I'm not in the lane. That's never been 48 fabulous ladies all. I'm 35 CD, there are 1438 track tapes. All remixing boys and models from the original cassette masters. And it's a collection you'll turn. It's your friend's willow and your lady will never forget. It's all yours. It's not a DVD, baby. It's only 3295 and it's only from K-Directers. You can tell us K-Directers. We know! Pump my 10 at 5, 60 WQA. Remember the guy that called a few days ago? I guess it was on Monday and said that he wants a new Jerry Lewis and how come we don't like him on his show? Remember that? Yes. Well, guess what? We're still on like him. We're not out to fadhead. I just don't like him. You don't like him? I don't like him. I don't know anybody who does like him. We're set to French. What was a little kid? I like some of those silly movies. We're talking about now. Right. And like in last several years. I'm totally mad. We don't like him. Probably just all those wonderful things. We still don't like him. He's become like a neurotic, just annoying, aggravating, chain smoking, peace of crap. We don't like him. John from Exdened Pennsylvania. Thank you, John. You're probably only listening to an Exdened Pennsylvania. I would think. Maybe ever. He faxes and says for today's poll too much poll talk. Yeah. I like that. Huh? You got a point. He's got an excellent point. How do these also the poll comment? Oh, see there he goes again. See John, what you don't understand is it kills a excellent time. And especially when you put like hogred categories on there. Every time you read the poll results, it kills like another half an hour. And then the show's almost done. There's no, we're no fools here, man. I mean, no, we need by the way, is that okay? He's up during the year. Again, I heated up during the break. That's how we need. What's your biggest beef with Neil? John and Xen, wherever the hell you are. Look at that too many comedy business got one vote out of 484. Only one. They like the comedy, but it's in most of it. And we don't see the guy that said before, well, we hear the same ones over and over again. Like, no, not third man. I wish I had about 10,000 drop in like that. Everybody in town, a whole town is saying it. That's what makes the show for example. It puts an ocean in the baths. People are saying that who don't even know what to tell it means. Because I, that old anti-terbit, look at all the people who say, unbelievable. Right. Although I still say it's I like this one. Billy. That's original one. Much better speaking to the old David days. I love that. On. Billy. I think that's Jim Scatter. I don't know. Whatever half of Jim Scatter, he's still live. We don't know. He's a good guy. I like Jim Scatter. See, all you people who see it so negative. I don't know how many people I like, but nobody wants to hear about that. They want to hear us ripping people in ass. They love that. That's what America. That's why I have all these reality shows. So they can just turn on each other and stab each other in a back and rip each other in ass. And you, and like even on playboy TV, they have that show with a seven people living in the same house. You know what the name of that is? Nope. You know what I'm talking about. There's seven, no. People, there's these, look at what's going on there. Oh. Do a play by play. Oh. Oh, but I don't know, because I don't want to be talking with him offville. I was cheating on. You never saw that show. What about Scott? Scott can't afford playboy TV, but they have seven people living in the house and besides screwing their brains out, and the usual sexual stuff, they spend all the rest of the time just turning on each other and ripping and bitching each other out and slapping each other in a side of the head. Just like, what's your name does? Goin, on passion slapped and to re-sewn and say, YOU BITCH! I love those scenes. Those are the best. You bitch! Speaking of language. They're pretty spicy language and that's so true for afternoon TV, which is another reason I like it. See how like real language, I don't like these goody-touch-touch assholes. Oh, dude, you're here to say assholes. Oh, dude. I'll like which. Mm-hmm, good. Well, let's see how that one's doing. Let's for our friend from western PA take a look at the poll. One too many comedy bits. Too much fall language, too, God damn it. Too much reading foe, not an unsports talk for, too much sports talk five. See that's all cancels. He's too much of a fag, 10. Too much of a fag. Remember that song by the monkey-hams? Nope. It was kind of like- Yeah. Yeah. Kind of like this one. Yeah. Yeah. Probably never fag. Yeah. You'd write something like that. 10 votes for fag. He hangs up on too many colors 11. He rips mode too much 15. He doesn't rip low enough 18. See if pan- Like he was standing still. Absolutely. What is a zubas pants? Not enough reading. Not enough bedtime stories no more. 22. Like we used to for those seven glorious months that George and I enjoyed everybody else hated. But at least there's 22 other people like it. He's away from Miami too much. 23. Why don't you hear any of we watch you right here so we can take a look at you. So we can make you miserable and like, you know. He's two liberal 32. He's two effing negative 36. I'm still waiting. I'm inviting you. I'd like to hear about what? Too many vacations 42. He puts George on to fill in is pulling away 52. 94 if you add him up. A very respectable second place. You don't need any help. You're in second. And I have no real beef with the O2O943% which would be a much higher percentage of except for the fact we put so many categories on the pool. So there you go. John and next in PA thank you for excellent the choice. You're a much pool talk. Too much pool tax. I think very amount of it. I think what we're going to do is have a pool tax in Broward. Other pool count. There's seven for those people who got like 16 or 17 ballots in a mail and of course the 80,000 didn't get any yet well too bad. Maybe she don't like you. Maybe she don't like your politics. That could be it. I can't. I can't. But you know, you know, if you're a very elephant, we're white. You think there's any. Yeah. What's any white elephant? Yeah. The old white elephant. WQAM. Neil. Yes sir. The name of the program is seven lies exposed. Right. Excellent show. Yeah. What's up? Perfect. Perfect. It's a. Okay. Thanks. Seven lies exposed. He's got a firm grip on life. I'll give him to you around the clock. The clock I said with a. Okay. No, seriously because playboy TV. I'm pretty. I'm pretty amazed because when playboy TV first came on, they had a lot of these like interviews shows and women's shows. You know what I mean? It wasn't really all that sexy. Now it's like heavy duty except they don't want to. They don't show is like the male orgasm. Gorgeous. You don't see that. Oh, the money shot. There's no come shots. No. And that's it. I think. I think you see pretty much your end and 11 o'clock at night. They have like X-ray to move with. But also see it's interesting. But X-ray to move is they're like all different kinds of versions of which I never realizing to reason. Yeah. They did. They'd make one. They put together that like are rated that you see absolutely nothing. They make kind of you see on playboy TV. They take out squirts, gorely certain things. And of course there's the full blown. Huh? Well there's nothing like being full blown. You feel your nephew is in hell? I feel that my nephew can't end up with a long ago. Not with the Lord. In other words, in hell. I don't know. I feel I know when the Lord knows. And because they take part of his body like a limo. You fear that that Roman Catholic commune is they, each year, nephew's body. Yes. All right. We have on the line in Van Is here, a Roman Catholic priest on KFI M640. Hello. Right on. Good. First of all, I've got my condolences to you on the line with your nephew. Are you a treat? Yes, I am. Yes. Okay. So I just want to let you know. I've got something for you, okay? Yes. So this is just you've been missing from the bow. Right on the line. What are you a treat? What if you just hang on on and explain to what I believe there's and then you can draw your own conclusion about you eat people? The mixed brain will not teach you anything. You draw your own conclusion. Let the father explain, okay? First of all, we believe that when you eat seeds commune, we'll be seeing the body and blood of our Lord Jesus Christ. Oh, tell my God. Well, hold on man. I mean, I'm just calling to let you know when I believe there's you eat flesh and blood. If you want to let the day that we don't find. Oh, my God. That's right. This is our belief and you try your own conclusion. I want to promise. Ma'am, you got to let the father explain. But why would I want to let you talk about you? Why did you get missing from him? This is my show, Reza. It's like I've got to get to know him. Okay. You're upset because you've been missing from the bottom. What happened to the nipples? You eat the back, you eat the whole damn thing. The ceiling, don't you eat it? Weat the holes. Yeah, the holes. But he's at least the whole body and the man. That's not what I said. You said you eat the blood in the face of whom? Oh, the man. No, but Jesus Christ. Oh, God, that is a blasphemy. Why did you tell me that? I'm trying to do it in front of my belief. I told you that you didn't inform. Do you eat up all the booty, too? I'm going to answer that. I don't understand what's that mean. What does this man talk about eating the Lord Jesus? Let him finish. I'm letting you save what he has to say. This scripture's man, where Jesus said bread and bread that and broken and said, Jesus, I need it. This is my body. Oh, God. I need it. The cup of wine needs to take and drink. This is my blood. And again, he said, I'm going to eat my body and drink my blood. I don't know why I said it. Oh, my tongue. This is good Friday. Exactly. You talking about eating the punch Jesus. I can tell you that when we believe, you grow but on Jesus, and you go. The one? The one? The one who's the believer. The one who's the believer. The one who's the one who's the one who's the believer. The man, I can get. I don't know Jesus. The man can get. The man can get. The man can get. The man can get. I can't go any better. The Catholics Mac don't your boy, huh? You will last for a moment. Man, you first have a bunch of left. Leave it. You have to make that sort of thing. Blacks don't kind of need. Girls, smokers still are going there. When the lights are there, let's say. Listen, baby. You know, it's fine. I'm not a son. You're like a brother, don't you? I mean, I just. I mean, it's fine. Listen, Father, I thank you for taking a time. I really do. I really do. I really do. You. You. You say, you sense well. I'm going to get it. That's true. Thank you, Father. All right. That was a Roman Catholic priest. Man, Mac and all my boys like a brother, but say, all you can eat. Oh, man. What was it? What do you call, man? What's it called, man? Oh, you can eat me, girl. Yeah. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. So, yeah, we know, we understand. It's a 1235, those were the days, baby. Workday. Okay. Those were the days, but you can't have them no more. This pulse suggestion you fact me is just so typical. Do you look at it? Did I? Please of course. Always tell me is heory,bout quite like zoom on himself with that voice, especially how much I could reach this phrase, a funny fingering. Try and maneuver. And only the hand spike-uste. I appreciate that. War point, win, win, that is too big for me. I'm at the lowest of Hatsweetie week. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I might sneak some time in here this article by Molly Ivan, small favors. Come on, your boat. Please. Huh? Yeah, it's pretty long, though. We've got a couple of calls on you on the screen list. WDQAM. Hey, buddy, how are you? Pretty good. I just heard that clip from Phil Henry, man. I've never called that up and I was stopped my ass, hopin' at the end there. I heard Neil say those were the days to bad they're gone. Yeah. I read into that, but I just turned it on. That's what I wanted to do. We didn't do what. Did they push the theory? Did they take his show off in the LA? No, no, no. I was just talking about the days that I would be when we all work together. And when he was really hysterically funny, that's why I'm calling him. Oh, I got his. These are the best. I still listen to him. I don't want to play somebody else, but you know. Are you sure? Yeah, later on in the night he is still on that. Yeah, I know him. He is so funny. Yeah, I've never called you before. That guy, I mean, and I'm not taking any credit away from you. Well, that's okay. That's okay. I'm gonna make it a lot more money than he says. That's all right. But he's so, I mean, how he pushed some of that crap off. I mean, sometimes he's doing two and three voices at a time. So I just had to call him. I thought maybe they took him off for something. You know, he's still on. Well, I love you both. And you got to kill him. I'm ready for it. Okay. See, there you go. He's happy. He likes Phil likes me. We just like Phil a lot until he turned on me. We raised 20 grand for his charity in LA, but that's so I close. These things happen. You know, people become bitter and old, whatever his story is. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 7, 8. What? And I read to some of the broad who may be a screwing up his life. I don't know. But he's sure made a turn for the worst. I'll say that. And then that whole right wing thing during the war and then who knows? I don't know what he's doing now because I don't listen to him. That TV show, right? No, the TV show. I got canceled because he had the balls to come out in favor of the war. You know? WDQA, hello. Gone. Line eight is gone and that's a shame. You know what? WDQAM. Line three is gone. We're doing screenless and they're just not even hanging on. You could tell that because when they really have something to say and we're doing screenless, even during the breaks, your phones are frantically flashing away. But you can see now it's just they got no material. They have no material today. And I'll say it again. I've requested for example. Somebody's categories in our pool. Which a lot of times they want to talk about the pool and even there's nothing to talk about. But he's two effing negative 387% of the audience, 7.3%. And I'd like to find out about what since these are people who are at least admit that they still listen. Even though I'm this and I'm that and we invited him to tell me I'm this and I'm that. You know? Right? Yeah. I mean it's one thing if people call him say you're this or you didn't invite him, but if they say, You're gay. Well, I invited that so I have no problem with her. Okay. We know that. WDQAM. I'd like to speak with the open. I'd like to speak with the open. I'd like to speak with the open. You're speaking to him right now. Hi. How are you this afternoon? Pretty good. Just reaching out to you. I wanted to get your thoughts on any upcoming personal appearances you might be making. Meaning what? Well, you can be doing any promo personal appearances. No. We're the pathetic clothes that you always wear. No, no. Who dresses you? My mom. Yeah. I'll tell you what. That's the same guy who's always talking about my clothes. That's another one of the chronic who's still there after all these years. Let's hear it. Another one. You're still going to be going out wearing those pathetic clothes. Not wearing a pathetic clothes here now. See, and nobody makes nobody really cares. You are wearing clothes today? No, I'm a more of my boxer shorts. They're lovely as a matter of fact. What? Print solid and nice with a nice print pattern on them. Blue have some solid colors. Some print. Some of like Daisy's and pansy. Some pokey dots. Yeah. Yeah. Flat to the front there. Put some pictures on a website. Take it out. Mirror. We're supposed to be like, I got it. You a-yeah. I got it. You a-yeah. All that Johnny's a-hey. I didn't know I'd be. Such a nobody's girl. Passed out in the street. Was a sunshine. I've been recording the notes. They've been through the town. But she's not got bailed out. I'm on a missing list of me now. I feel for you. You're so interesting. They won't you not do. You know you're happy because you're all not the bomb. Have you known this story ever? You've got some tracks on your arm. You know you're happy. I'm a-yeah. I'm a-yeah. But 45. Not as good as a Jericho. 1245 is five-sister. I'm thinking about that last guy. And I'm starting to realize that these people ever Wouldn't down on three by five cards. Yeah. Because even people like that that we hear from all They very rarely. Every single time they call, it's almost like they have It written down in long hand. Because it's verbatim exactly the same thing. I'd like to dialogue with you about something. I'm not going to be able to do anything. It's always exactly the same call. The same freaking call. Yeah. And I want to apologize for the fact that during all of the All of the money that I make and all these years I've never become a Snapy Grishard like our good friend. I'm a fat Jew. Or the guy with the eyes or the guy with the hands Jack or the Silver. Or the guy with the teeth. The a-can-mothi-old block. It would be a bad breath in the LOT. Or Gilbert for example. No. We're just a bunch of slabs. Okay. I got by the guy. Yeah. We apologize though for the fact that all bunch of slabs. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon. Wireless line. You want to go on our website today. Not just to see the great new pictures and the screen with the Witches outfit. But any goodman. Home of the Wopper interview with Michael Moore. It's long. It's just like nine pages away too long for me to read on the internet. It would be really wondrous. But it's on air. And it's entirely on our website. I mean, you're just not counting. I'm more than a lot of other good stuff. I don't understand the thing that Eric doesn't like you. Why do you say that? Didn't I'm pretty particular reason to just cross my mind. Okay. WK. Hello. Oh, you're probably. Hey, how are you? How are you doing? I don't want. I know I'm a daylight in the dollar short. That's okay. You put out one song for the boy. I don't even know how many songs. Take me out to the ballgame. You hate taking the anchor to the ballgame? Okay. Take me out to the ballgame. Boy. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon line. We do have the real. Take me out to the ballgame. Is that it? Nope. Oh. Oh, I know. But it was a real. What the hell is that? Oh, one. One, two, three. Three. Three out to the ballgame. Take me out to the ballgame. I need something. I should crash your jacks. I don't care. I ever get back all this group. Remember for the call. If they go win it so shame. Who? Or? Or? Two. Three. I should rock your feet. Oh. Oh. Yes. They come back. I said it wasn't a real hurry. But it was a pretty close. That guy was great. Yes. Like I said, those were the days. 12 minutes before 1 at 560 WQAM. Here's a call on line 9. I bet it's going to be great. WQAM. Hello. Thank you. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Yes. Hi, Nia. Yes, sir. Can you please play for that monster mash from O. No. Most of your mash. What tell us that? We have a song called The Most Your Mash. We lost. If he says so. I don't think so. What was that one I played the other day? Something about a monster mash song. I don't remember. Yeah, you do. That was this week. Yeah. I remember the old. I don't think he was talking about 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. What's your biggest beefwood knee? It was our question today. Getting the usual tremendous response because it's a lot of negativity. 538 votes. Too much pull talk one. Too much fall language two. Too much reed to assholes. Too much reading for. Too much sports talk five. That an Upsports talk five and equal. It just blocks itself right out. Yen and Yang. Too much of a fag 11. He hangs up on too many colors 11 like a couple of these last ones. I guess too many comedy bits 12. Too many comedy bits 12 George. He rips. Too much 18 doesn't rip. Too much 21. Not enough reading. Not enough bed time. Too much 24. He's too liberal 33. He's too effing negative 40. Still waiting for the first call on that. First explanation. Too many makeations 45. He puts George on to fill in 65. You're pulling away in way very strong. Solid second play. Even general Clark wishes he was that strong in second place. And I have no real beef for when the year. Twenty nineteen two nineteen forty points seven percent. As with these additions of the selection choices and their continued to grow. That number continues to dwindle by money. It'll probably be. By third man. Whereas we started out with like thirty percent. That's okay. I can handle it. WQA M. Hello. QA M. Hello. Hello. Next up. Speaking. This is now. Speaking. QA M. Hello. Yeah, Lewis. That corn sure is special. WQA M. Hello. Hey, what's up? How you doing, sir? I'm hanging in there. Me too. I got no beef with meal, but I'd like to say something about all the cronics in the A. Hold. Yeah. I don't want to be programmed, director. But I've get off really great. Neil is where we're once in a boom. He lets them talk and still out all they got. He should definitely trade off. He could say your name and the number you're calling from. And he'll give you all the time you want. Let them just go along with what they're saying. No. No. 560 pound five 60. Give the name and full number and give them all the time they want. That should be an exciting show, huh? Right. Not. WQA M. Hello. Hey, you got me. Yes? I love the comedy. I love it, especially when George says that. Holy, we're having a high. That's three years better. Yeah. What was he doing? He had like a one of those paper comb things like he was doing? Oh, he's at a phone booth. I've seen. He was probably he was blowing it. WQA M. Hello. Yeah. Hey, Neil. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And you all give up. Thanks, you on the butt. WQA M. WQA M. Not there. WQA M. Yeah. Neil, it's real easy. Why are country has all the murders? Because we got all the faces. No, you don't. Go to Amsterdam. You'll discover your wrong. WQA M. Hello. I want the Saturday night. See you later. That's a loony. Yeah. Most got him locked up in a broom closet somewhere. You can't have him. 560560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Don't forget mad dogs out again today, which we're getting pretty curious about that. He's got a scheduled, may-smine look like tough work. Joe Rose today, too to fold. And of course, we got that we are blessed. Haven't all of these wonderful F.J.S.R.R. We? Oh, yeah. Have a leaflet. Seriously? Because we got the big Goharkoon game against another marginal team. Virginia Tech tomorrow, right? The dolphins and the cults on Sunday would grind greasy no less. But it's fun. All that stuff coming up here. I think Joe's going to be talking about. I'm not from Boca. Hank Goldberg 4-7-7 is happening to clean the day of Wands That Joe and Air 5-6 because we don't want to overwork the Humper. And then we got, uh, now who is telling me, the big, oh, number 9710 because there's no hockey game any K after that at 10. And ESPN radio overnight because Joe and Mark work on Sunday because no wants to even. And it helped us matter, fact as well as book without that lead and he wouldn't have had squad, right? He wouldn't have had nothing. They should still be on Friday night. So I had a rumor that Hank was a little surly at the, uh, cradies party last night. I didn't notice that. That's, so what somebody said, I don't want to mention Scott there. Get him in trouble. But that's what he said. He said Hank was like, uh, what was the word you used? Cranky, hanky. He would look cranky. Well, maybe he lost a bed for the first time. See, that's another thing I would like to say about these chiefscapes of QAM. I mean, forget about the people outside. We know about them. But I know we got a whole bunch of people at that radio station making some serious bucks. And many of them gamble away more money in a day than some of you people making a lifetime. All right. So if they could just take like 20 bucks or 50 bucks, 20 would be embarrassing. 50 or 100 bucks, even more than that. And write a check to a band of pet rescue and help us out. That would be a very nice gesture. What a joke. Well, like, like, maybe one less bits since we have, I mean, even, uh, what's his name there? Curtis. What of our flunky board up, uh, guys that's making like three bucks and I'll even Curtis gave us a nice check. What do you give us? Yeah. Jesus Christ Almighty. And how do you like that when a kid is making four and a half bucks an hour? That doesn't have to, uh, a nickel strip up together. He writes us a check for 100 bucks. So he's a good guy. And these big paid celebrities there. They give us, uh, zippity dude on. I don't even look service. Even my close personal friend, the moment, give us his drop-ins for the key to it. And that was something. Because he said he liked the charity. He's got a dog. So we can't be all bad almost, but not all bad. Yeah, but he should take it off his head. My line name is always special. You know what? Yeah. WQA and hello. Good to put. I'm going to this. It's not hanging to put me on. WQA and hello. Can I speak to Neil? Speaking. Neil. Yes. I think what I'm going to do is, I'm going to take the Marlins approach. I'm going to contact Broward County and Athens. They'll build me a house. Right. And I'll return to our money. And I'll just be able to do whatever I want. You know, I get to keep all the money that I do in any part of business. I do that. And then you can charge for parking and you're front lawn to 20 bucks a pop. Yeah. That'd be great. Whatever business I do on my lawn. I don't have to. I get to keep all the money in the city. Sounds very, like you'll be in our negative now. Those are your being a little bit negative. Yeah, but this is a negative town. This is what I'm so getting. No shmit. No. I'm closing Neil. I had to get his an asshole. Okay. Thank you. How do you like that? He came up the hung up on him. Oh, I know why. Because the guy probably called and said the same thing. And any K loves his baseball. You know, some, I don't want to know. I don't, you know, I don't want to get involved. Because I like any K a lot. Oh, how come he hasn't given this a check yet? He always does. Yeah. He's just waiting. He's waiting until it turns over to November. Well, I guess luck tomorrow's November one last time I checked. We got November December left and then it's going to be gone. Because we're not going to milk the stem. Maybe we could keep it on a website all year long. But what's the point in that? You know, we got bigger fish to fry. Like those, uh, normal Kent bottle head doll. Right. Stuff like that. You know, you can imagine a nerve that faggot of that's Cypering, whimpering, queen. Oh, yeah. I think it's a great idea. How do you think we can sell 2,000 of those new Rogers Bavl head doll? Oh, sure. No problem. It's called being used and abused. Four minutes till one at five, 60 QAS. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. This is what we do in the United States. You, yeah. Pow, this is Rosie O'Donnell. And the clock on my stomach says it's the Neil Rogers one to two. Now, uh, and the way we go. He's been over 80 years since the Fox won it all. Two billboxes, legs went that round roll in his ball. He has topped up his corn from bad to worse. And it's just a little bit of a mess. Top of his corn from bad to worse. And it's low because of the ban-beenal curse. The red-locked had it made till they made that they would train. Why it's the running job in the dictionary under Boston. It just says joke. It's what a clock in five, 60. You think that's what that guy was talking about the monster man. That's what that was that thing that guy was talking about. What thing? That one? Oh. I thought you that was it. Anyway, if not happy Halloween, you realize that we don't have any Halloween bits. I'm sure that I ain't seen it or some, but who the hell did they draw that guy? What? What's to say? What do you mean by that? What's to say? There's some. This is a big controversy this Halloween thing, man. All they religions stuff there. Oh yeah. All the same on the path with the witches and the wikkins and all this other garbage man. Shame on you, people. All you a heathens out there with this garbage with witches. And influence your kids to go out there and participate in this heathen crap. In his anti-Jesus stuff. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon line. 573 votes. What's your biggest beef with Neil? I'm still waiting for the first call from somebody to tell me what I'm negative about. I'm waiting. The other ones is no problem, but that's always the- Oh, you're so negative Neil for years. I've been hearing that. From emotional cripples who can handle the truth. They don't like somebody on the ear telling things exactly the way they are. They'd rather hear some pompous ass with green a checkered pants on the ear. But I- this is paradise, it's paradise, yeah. I have no beef with Neil 228, see 39.5% that numbers dropping, dropping, dropping, to see that? Yep. He puts your John the Philon 68. My school- Thanks. Too many vacations 49. He's too epic negative 44.7.6% you're too negative man. You're a sour old fart. And there's nothing worse than a sour old fart. Especially if you like to save it in the jar and then open it in the elevator. Cool. He's too liberal 35. He's out of Miami too much 24. Not enough reading bedtime stories 23. He doesn't rip them all enough 22. Too many comedy bits 18. He rips Motu much 18. He's too much of a Fag 13. That's Dan Marino's number. Also Matt Sundine. He hangs up on too many colors 13. Not enough sports talk 7. Too much sports talk 5. Too much reading 5. Too much foul language 3. And too much pull talk only 1. That was our friend of course in Pennsylvania. WDQAN? Yeah, Neil. Yes sir. Good afternoon Hawaii. Okay. Listen, no, you don't need to look in the Cuban community. They say that you are too negative on the community. And I agree with you if you are too negative that they got to come in anyway. I'm a little confused. What does that mean? What does that mean? What does that mean? If I'm too negative they got to come in. If they got to come in then I'm not too negative. I'm just talking about it. But they always think always about their own little ghetto. No. They don't see the whole picture. They live inside of a vacuum. Anyway, I'm a little confused in value, man be and in the old man be. They keep saying and they are bragging about the numbers in the last RBT run. So you know they are number one. I know that you read the numbers and they are not number one. It was demo. Are they? Yeah, I got the men numbers here. But I don't think even in the whole total they are number one though. Overall the station including FM and AM. I don't know. Maybe I'm wrong. Well, the lead here. And men 25 to 54. See first of all you got to understand and well, maybe I have a 12 plus a here it is. I got it. 12 plus no life. WLIF is number one in person's 12 plus overall. Bring the week. WEDR second. Okay. WPO W power 96 is third. WCMQ FM is fourth. WMIB. Men in black is fifth. WHQT hot. W AMR. I hear you Rao Avyor. Lova and IV is after that so they would bi three, six, eight, who do we appreciate? Let me go over the second page and see what can find. Oh, there it is. Number, and 16 9? WHQ A Rao Avyor 난 sigh. Wait until when? They continue to lie. I see a lot of gets him. Of course they are not samoy tempers. They might have like pick me's under three feet. Well, hopefully your station is dead anyway. Why everybody that worked there. die. The only. be in May by people that died nine years ago. Yeah. You know, let me ask you something. And not only is it not only that, but radio bombies like a religion because if you look at the hours spent listening to the time spent listening, there's no other station that comes anywhere near 15 hours and 15 minutes a week, which is ridiculous. And that's why because it's like a religion. The people who like Aradiyomambe, they put it down with other listening or not hour after hour after hour, after hour day and today it's called where the diaries. It's an entertainment, it's like a babysitter for the old people. Yeah. Besides that, they gave away last year and this year in New House with an automobile and garage and totally furnished and insurance for a year. And even with all that give away, they still cannot be all of that nine. Let me ask you a question. Why should they be, I mean, at least 40% of the people in San Francisco speaking, was sure about what people who don't speak Spanish are going to listen to that station. Well, but you got about half of the population of these county east Spanish. Yeah, and what about Brower? I'm proud of you. Brower, you got about over 100, but don't don't get yourself nervous about it because they lie a lot just like everything else. So they can say, but anyway, who is your favorite feature in the big league? My favorite picture, what about my favorite catcher? I think my favorite catcher is Norm Kent. Have a nice day. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Don't follow baseball on me. Go and no interest. No way Jose. WDQAM, hello. Why don't you follow? What is it? Better. We will say. Thank you. Thank you. We should have been back. I thought you were back. I thought you were back. I thought you were back. I thought you were back. I thought you were back. I thought you were back. I guess that was the response from Radio Mambi. They must have been called from the inside. Oh, great. That was good. Nice one. Clean up your rack and spit it anglaes. Okay, you assholes. WDQAM, hello. Nobody there. What is this? This is a really interesting screen. A section size. WDQAM, hello. Move the Marlon Secuba. I got you down. WDQAM. WDQAM. Neil. Yes. Listen. Thank you very much. I listened to you all the time. You know, I'm a judge. I think my money got your key to get your money. Can you manage a key chain? I'm a judge. Right. And I just want to tell a judge. Not very far from November 11. And you know what I'm about to say? Thank you, kindly. All righty. What's the Nassbury Farm 1? Nassbury Farm. Down in the Redlands. The best damn fresh baked homemade things you've ever heard of. Really? Made by German Baptists. You going to Nassbury Farm? Yeah. In LA. You know, I'm a great target. Right after. Oh, can you imagine how that stuff smells right about now? That's bad. You think they're 565560? 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. Wireless line. We put our little thing out the window. We stuck right out the window. And we're searching for life. WQAM. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing today? Sensational. Listen. I just wanted to let you know that. Well, Howard is gay. The good news is that he's not and we're delighted. WQAM. Hello. We did it. Ha ha ha ha. Alright, I feel honored now. And he didn't even scrub some minutes later on my show. And I was going to David. David Samson called a world famous Neil Rogers Show to say. We did it. We did it. We did it. We did it. We did it. On. Real. You know, got the book here. You got one book. The book. The rating book. The heart cover. Don't please don't waste our time. Our audience doesn't care about WQBA. Okay, about audio. Mom be. We don't care. Is that what you were going to go to? Yeah, we're just going to ask what demo you thought they would be doing the best in. 90 plus 90 plus. But animal people who play a lot of dominoes. I don't worry about them. Okay. He's just obsessed with that. And I can understand. He's a good guy. But he's just got a chop off that part of his life and leave it in the past. Leave it on the island. Okay. Forget about it. WQAM. Hello. How you doing, sir? Good. Good. I just might. Alright. I love you. That's good. Lot not as good as a lot of the calls were getting this hour, but you know. Yeah. Keep it up with the stories, man. I'm a one guy. Okay. Two of us. Two of us like the bedtime stories. Well, I could start this. I better do the break. I might just do the Molly. I better. Long man. Good. Long. The better. Okay. Well, but look at all the calls there, man. There might be one or two real ones in that bunch. Flashing, frankly. They're not just flashing like ordinary day flight. They're flashing like, oh, man. We got something so important to say. Brighter. Like WQAM. Hello. I hate to act like a lot of times. I hate to act like a lot of times. Okay. Are you alright? See? What more can you want? Sorry. Sorry. I doubted you. WQAM. Yeah. I got a stomach. It's 10 inches for you. Yeah. Good. There's the esteemed. Hey. How about you and Steve? Okay. Get over to a Burton Jack. Good. WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Speaking of radio. Yes. How about AM6? Somewhere I'm going back into it. Speaking of people 100 years old have already been dead nine years. Yeah. Yeah. Last Saturday, we're not last Saturday. The Saturday's last game of the World Series. I'm being actually ran a promo that said, AM640, your World Series station. What's the hell are they talking about? What is AM640? I don't even know what that is. That's the one Greg you da'all is on in the morning and the Skyper Up-Chuck. Yeah, so maybe they carried the Series Game. So what is that mean? Oh, I don't know. I guess they did it, but. I guess they carried the Series Game's Nyeom, we could tell ya. Uh are, uh. So when it's to after one at five, six, the M character would be leading to Molly Olle v. Ivan's calm when we come back at the very first. Eh am. Good. I mean, these people had nothing to begin with. And now it's gone downhill from there. Hey, here's something you might want to go out and do. Mark is open for its 40th anniversary season of Great Harness Racing, the track features top class nighttime horse racing, and high stakes poker in Sinal Casting, of course. New Post-time is 705 for the harness races every Monday, Wednesday and Friday night, and Saturday too. I'd be like that. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, four nights a week, and the poker room is currently open noon, midnight, every live racing day. Pompeto Park also open every day, seven days, and nights a week featuring the best in Sinal Casting, harness racing, Thurber at High Action, Fall across North America, for you to watch and plunge your guts on. And don't forget that general parking admission are always free at Pompeto Park. New this season is a 20% increase in Pursus, which means better racing, of course. A nightly giveaway of a $400 betting voucher and a revamped free power player rewards program that gives you points, either for betting the horses or playing poker, that you can be deemed later for special gifts and betting vouchers. Every Wednesday night is dollar night at Pompeto Park, draft your hot dog soda as much more only a bucket piece, and tonight there will be free prize drawings to win one of 15 trips for two. I'm a CScape casino dinner cruise and on Wednesday, November 5, I'm on birthday in the list. The excellent top of the park restaurant opens for the season with fine dining. Notice how they opened the dining room just in time for me to come back? Coincidence? It's no accident. Pompeto Park is a Blacksouth Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the new race schedule. You can call 9-5-4-9-7-2-2000 or go on web at pompetopark.com. Lay up a wall on any, any seat, trust me what I tell you. Pompeto Park, course power, you can plunge off. You can play with the white water. Keep the white water. Is it good? I know it all the decent money and it's not a white, but it helps me. Working hard for the baby, feel it just down and down. But the fun is keep the white water. Keep the white water. Keep the white water. Keep the white water. You can play with the white water. Keep the white water. Keep the white water. Keep the white water. Keep the white water. Keep the white water. Keep the white water. 117-5-6-2-2-3-1. Here's another facts. Why did you change the format? Neal of the best of. You used to have calls in some or great I.E. Bridgestender. Now it's just corny jingles. You can't see anything. How many calls did we have on the best of? About three, maybe over the years? Those were the actual best of. Those were supplemental discs that we would do from time to time. Right. That's what they're talking about. In addition to which, when we get a call, good enough to put on a best of this. We'll let you know if we are getting another one. It's just corny jingles. Are there any jingles on that disc? No, there are no jingles. Not on that. But that's okay. Anyway, Molly Ivens writes in the November issue of progressive. Call me a bush hater. Among the more amusing cluckings from the right lately is they're a Paul discovery that quite a few Americans actually think, George W. Bush is a terrible president. Robert Novak is quoted as saying in all his 44 years of covering politics, he's never seen anything like the detestation of Bush. Charles Krautheim, a man who's to write an entire essay on the topic of bush hater's in Time magazine, is though he had never before come across a similar phenomenon. A wise stretch memory way back so far back all the way back to our last president. Almost lost in the midst of time though, it is I would not only remember eight years of relentless attacks from Clinton haters, I also noticed they haven't let up yet. Clinton haters accused the man of murder, rape, drug running, sexual harassment, financial security, and official misconduct, and the accuses wife have even worse. For eight long years this country was a zoo of Clinton haters, any idiot with a big mouth and conspiracy theory, to get a hearing on radio talk shows and Christian broadcast and nutty internet sites, people were transparent motives, people paid by tabloid magazines, people with known mental problems, ancient Clinton enemies with notoriously racist pasts, all were given hearings, credence and airtime. Slimeing Clinton was a sure road to fame and fortune on the right, and many lambicious young right-wing hitman like David Brock who was since made full confession, took that golden opportunity. And these folks didn't stop with verbal and printed attacks from the day Clinton was elected to office, he was the subject of the politics of personal destruction. They went after him with a multimillion dollar smear campaign funded by Richard Mellon's scape, the right-wing billionaire. They went after him with lawsuits funded by right-wing illegal foundations, Paula Jones. They got special counsels appointed to investigate every nitpicking nothing that ever happened, filegate, travelgate, and they never let go of that hearty perennial white water. After all this time, and all those millions of dollars wasted, no one has ever proved their Clinton's to dishingl thing wrong, Bill Clinton lied about a pathetic squalid affair that was not of anyone else's business anyway, and for that they impeached a man who dragged this country to more than a year of the most tragic ridiculous unnecessary pain. The day President Clinton tried to take out Osama bin Laden with a missile strike, every right-winger in America said it was a case of wag the dog. He was supposedly trying to divert our attention from the much more breathtakingly important and serious matter of monocholawinsky, and who do you think he was to make his focus on some pifle-like bin Laden? The puzzle is where this step the feeling comes from used the ineffable Mr. Kraut hammer, gosh what a puzzle that is, how could anyone not just be crazy about George W. Bush? Where, once the anger asked Kraut hammer, it begins of course with the stolen election of 2000, and the perception of Bush's illegitimacy. I'd say so myself, yes I would. I was implored during that chilling post-election fight, and I'm fully persuaded to this day, you know that Al Gore actually won Florida, not to mention getting 550,000 more votes than Bush overall, but I also remember thinking as the scene became earlier and earlier, geez maybe we should have let them on this one because Republican wingnuts are so crazy, their bitterness would poison Gorsoll presidency. The nightcore conceited the race of one of the most graceful and honorable speeches I've ever heard, I was in the ballroom full of Republican flags who boot and geared to every word of it. One thing I acknowledge about the right is that they're much better haters than liberals are, you're basically a bull, milk of humankind is flowing through every vein, your and heart bleeding over everyone from milk-shy-hot and top of the glandular obese, is pretty much a strikeout on a hated front. Maybe further out on the left you could hit some good righteous anger, but liberals and I am one are generally real whosses. Guys like Rush Limbaugh figured out that a long time ago, attack the liberal and the first thing he says is, you may have a point there. To tell the truth, I'm kind of proud of us for holding the grudge this long, normally we'd remind ourselves that we have to be good sports, it's good for the country, but must unite behind the only president we've got as Lyndon used to remind us. If there are still some of us out here sulking, yeah, but they stole that election, well good. I don't think we should forget that. But onward, so George W. becomes president having run as a compassionate conservative, and what do we get? Tell Zone Conservative and Dick for Compassion. His entire first aid months was tax cuts for the rich, tax cuts for the rich, tax cuts for the rich, and he lied and said the tax cuts would help average Americans. Again and again, the average tax cut will be $1,000, which means you get a hundred and a million or gets ninety-two thousand, and that's how they average it out. Then came 9-11 and we all rallied, ready to give blood get out of our cars ride bicycles, whatever. Shopped said the president and more tax cuts for the rich. By now we're starting to notice. We're noticing Bush's bait and switch, make a deal with Ted Kennedy doing proof education, and then fail to put money into it. This 15 billion dollars in new money to combat aids in Africa, but it turns out to be a cheap, con almost no new money. Bush comes to praise a job-prating effort then cuts the money. Bush says America Corp is great then cuts the money. G. Well could we possibly have against this guy. We go along with a war in Afghanistan and we still don't have been lawden. Then suddenly in the greatest bait and switch of all time, or some of in lawden doesn't matter what all and we have to go after Sodom Hussein, who had nothing to do with 9-11. But he does have horrible weapons of mass destruction, and our president without doubt without question knows all about them even under the amounts tons of seren, pounds of anthrax. So we take out Sodom Hussein and there are no weapons of mass destruction. Furthermore, the Iraqis are not so overjoyed to see us. By now quite a few people who aren't even liberal are starting to say, what the hey? We got no Osama, we got no Sodom, we got no weapons of mass destruction. The road map to peace in the Middle East is blown to hell, where stuck in this country for 87 billion dollars just for one year and no one knows how long will be there. And still, poor Mr. Krauthammers hard put to conceive how anyone could conclude that George W. Bush is a poor excuse for a president. Chuck Honey in inches to 2.6 million jobs we've lost, people are losing their pensions, their health insurance, the cost of health insurance is doubling, tripling in price, the administration wants to cut off their overtime, and Bush was too little too late with extending unemployment compensation that many Americans will have to high and dry with. And you wonder why we think he's a lousy president? Sure all that is just what's happening in people's lives, but what we need is the big picture. Well the big picture is that after 9.11 we had the sympathy of every nation on earth they all signed up all our old allies volunteered, everybody was with us, and Bush just booted all that away. Snoring, gearing, bad manners, hideous diplomacy threats demands arrogance bluster. And Afghanistan Bush wrote a popular tide, Iraq however was a singular act of presidential wills as Krauthammer, you bet your acid was. We attacked the country that had done nothing to us had nothing to do with al Qaeda and turns out not to have weapons of mass destruction. It's not necessary to hate George W. Bush to think he's a bad president, grownups can do that, you know? If you decide somebody's policies are miserable, fader without lying awake and I consumed with hatred. Poor Bush is way in over his head and the country is in bad shape because of his stupid economic policies, if that makes me a Bush hater, then sign me up. That's from Ali Ivan, to the K. Tom, the situation that the progressive magazine November is your call me a Bush hater, and I would say I would say, man, she's great, yes she is. And she doesn't put quite as many of the words in there that can't read like Marine Dow likes to do. Marine just does that intentionally to trip me up, make me look kind of stupid. How is that pull-a-common? What's your biggest beef, or maybe we should have put his stupid? Nah, nah. What's your biggest beef with Neil? I have no real beef with Neil 242, that's down to 38.7% Wow, wow, wow, wow, sliding. He puts George on to fill in 72. Too many vacations, 53. He's too effing negative 49, still waiting for call about that, we're going to get one? No, he's too liberal 36. Too many comedy bits, 28, uh oh, he doesn't rip them all enough, 27. He's out of Miami too much away from town, 25. Not enough reading bedtime stories, 23, while I'm trying to make up for that. He's got a lot of tips, more too much 19, he's too much of a Fag 13, he ends up on too many cars, 13, only if they're Fags. Not enough sports talks, 7, too much sports talk, 5, too much reading, 5, too much foul language, 4, 4, and too much pull talk, 3 out of 624 votes. We're going to go close to 700 votes today during the show on at 4. I told you they'd like it. They like it. It's just a chance to vent. To get all that spewed amount of their system. If you don't get it all out here today, you can do it between 4 and 6 with George, Michael and Bocabrae, a Michael McGill, New Galley, George Mike, and you can go over there and tell him that George Michael is a piece of crap. But you can go over there and tell George to his face, hey, I hate what I think he's suck, and buy a disc. And buy a disc, give us 20 bucks for a van of per rescue. 4 to 6 at the Cheetah lounge at Hell and Dale Beach. A hundred ants in Boulevard, it's a block east of I, 95 of the north side of Hell and Dale Beach Boulevard. You'll be the youngest person there, I guarantee even if you're 100. I mean, least done on the street. Yeah. Enjoy happy our drinks, specials, and real prizes. Real honest, the God prizes like T-shirts and heat and panther tickets, and the best in your stuff will be there too, so go buy and unload some cash. We got 37,775 bucks as of yesterday at the end of the day. We could do like close to 40, and what, another month? Right. Yeah, we're those checks from on you cheap bastards. They're including Greg Reed and screw-in at QAM. We're still waiting, we're holding our breath. Inhale, I'll let you know when we let it out. Okay, hold on. Big news, Halib Patti Act GMC has just been voted the number one Patti Act GMC dealer in Dave County, and customer satisfaction, and our good buddies, Timeline and Joe Prater, want to thank their lower customers for their long support over 35 long amazing years. Next up, I Hall of this Weekend, and check out the Pontiac vibe. Normally, we tell us for over 20 grand, but you can buy fully loaded at Hall of Pontiac for just 16, 5 plus tax and tag. Hallets your truck headquarters, and you notice that Bob Eisenberg is right on top of this? Yes. With his copy, with the, uh, Hallets your truck headquarters, with over 300 to choose from including the Yukon and the Yukon. And coming soon, the new On-Voy SUV, the most unique SUV on a market. Nice going, Bob, and by the way, your hair piece still sucks. Great Neil deals every day at Hall of Pontiac GMC, and you're fine with an same great location. They've been making a debatable deals for over 35 years and giving you amazing service. 134-11 South-Tixie Highway that's who I spent across from the falls, open every day, seven days a week, even on some historic. Who on more info, call the new Rogers Deal Deal Hotline, toll free. One Triple 8-534-4211. That's one Triple 8-534-4211. Keep in mind, I'll offer some credit to Puvl's ear friends at Hall of Fort details, and Hall of Pontiac GMC, who are professional grade. Even if Bob Eisenberg ain't. My wife and will, this is 42056. You can weigh him. Nerf, get your best of Neil Rogers 2003, best of Neil CDs. If you can not find a Tom Obama bag, you're good. The market's our at-rom of Obama bag. No, no. And how we do it, Chiche. Listen for van locations, or log on to wqm.com to get yours. And the stuff too. Oh! Loot Proceeds benefit of van's pet rescue. The best of Neil 2003, Neil Rogers only on Sports Radio 560 QAAM. You're a fan. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Oh, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Oh, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. I'm gonna make you all over my old face on Blue and Red is Purple based. I don't know why they hate me. Oh, my day always ready. It must be good. I'm just blue and red is Purple. Oh, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. On my arm, like a ranic now, we have a locker one. I got beans on my nose. Nobody knows that under my blows, I whip empty holes. But that's no mean that I'm gay. If you think my arms have had you all to see my legs. I might as well keep on smoothing, shame, this whole little glass. The next time I'm raping him. I can't talk to a surgeon, but that's because we're the shivers. I wouldn't want to walk out looking like John Rivers. Where am I? I'm hired the beast, the fat little freaky man. I did him a favor, but now we're getting a forging eat. For reason I dismissed that stick and fat bastard. They got us, he wouldn't shut up any can't play canister. Hey, somebody talk, what about him? Nobody talk, when I ran. I ran for New Talk. Like, look at me, I'm hit hit. I ain't supposed to wear, I'm a thing done, Betty. Man, I'm really dead. I'm hired any when I want, I don't care. But hopefully if they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair. I got fired myself, it even happens to the grease. Once when once said you get out of here, I'll sweep break your legs. But now I sit by the pool, life says good isn't getes. With my pallid and gut failed, placing bets on the gins. In paradise, paradise, and don't kiss nobody's ass in paradise. I'll be shubbing up the shur goods when I get to the beach. But the cleaners aren't ready with my line green pants. How long does it take? How did they call it? Good plate. It was just a little thought. So what I love this day? I think that's funny, one of the coolest sandwich buddies. I can do what I want, but the man is with loves me. Get a million something. Oh, something you ought to know. But a lot is time. I want to do to be my goal. Who am I to tell? Now I ask, babe. How about? Who do you want? I don't take no for an answer. What is that? Not you. What's your name? What happened? What's your name? What's your name? What's your name? Natulation. What's your name? Pat P squirt, кто, who is my goal? Who is my goal? Who is my goal? Who is my goal? From 33 George town in pavementуюbanerany. Excellent job. Even though those people who hate you here these things, they got to give me credit for that, well, maybe I ought to be in the musicians dad, don't they? Yes, well, oh, they don't. ..or were the challenge that things I would go that year about the Middle East, should you define that one thing you get in a microbati? Yeah, it's great. Oh yeah. In fact, I just might read a whole book on you. It'll really piss me off. Okay. So I just want to read that one paragraph again. Because it's so good. He says, here's the way to stop the suicide bombings being in the Middle East. Give the Palestinians a bunch of missile firing Apache helicopters and let them in his rallies go at each other head to head. $4 billion here to Israel, 4 billion here to the Palestinians. They can just blow each other up and leave the rest of us to hello. And which I say, Oh, absolutely. Hey, man. Correct. So we'll record. Correct. A little more. He is just, uh, he makes it. And I never thought I would find anybody. Anybody, much less an author who agrees. I agree with almost everything he says in the other way around. Do you know what I mean? Right. Except for Oprah. That, at that point, we've got a company. But I think he's doing a little tongue and cheek. He's just trying to give an example. Kind of like Arnold. Maybe like a Democratic Arnold would be better. Yeah, if you'd make a better president than a talk show hostess. No question about that. Anyway, confronted with an armed intruder in their home in Tampa, a two women plighting with a ham sandwich in romantilly became gruggie and passed out. Oh, right. Police arrived in arrest in Alfred Joseph's suite 52 to win the five hour episode. Kathy Ord 60 and Rose Booker is that butcher, 63. And since those two women don't have the same last name and they're living together, maybe who knows who's who's who. Said they try to be friend of man after he burst through their kitchen window with the sought off shotgun Tuesday night. And again, there's another good gunstray for you only this one nobody got hurt. Just like in a godfather, I've never said, what's that? That car, oh, it's an accident, but nobody got hurt. They made them a sandwich, give them a bottle of rum and suggested he shower and change so we can be sort of disguised in his getaway word said, we just treated him with kindness but you said she said she'd offered sweet cash and the keys to her Cadillac, but he just sat with him holding his gun. The intruder never said what he wanted the woman said, and he went away as they say in New York, Slavia, Guzzont and Pupic with a hand sandwich in rom. He was a little bit sad as fine. I mean, that's what he wanted was like a leon said, sorry, could a shower? A meal. Oh, if you're interested in the elaci Scott Peterson thing which I hope and pray that you're not, but this week's in choir this week, then November 11th one which I picked up yesterday. On a front page is a big story in here, which I'm not going to waste my time because I really don't give a flying crap about there are two things I don't care about. One of them is Elizabeth Smart and the other one is Laci and Scott Peterson. Even though the media tells me I'm supposed to be, you know, before Paul and Young Ryan who I'm sure will listen right now, it's sunny and 68. Oh, 68, beautiful degrees in Toronto right now. Well, 72 in New York and for the last and Boston in 75 and fully the day. We got this front that came in and it's a beautiful, can you believe that? Yeah, it's 56 tomorrow, which is not bad for the fall, but 68 today, man, I'm going to run outside and say, right, then I'm going to go have a big lunch. They'd run the hand sandwich in some room. And a little Roman Coke, that's a very nice drink. Laci died on Scott's boat exclusive in this November 11th and choir the evidence that we'll can victim. He's done. Then here's Elizabeth Smart how she's really coping just to make sure I see two stories that I don't care about on the front page. Liza, her husband's lies exposed. She will your Roberts attack the family wedding with shocking confrontation where she looks bad in that picture, man. Wow. And secret video reveals Diana's killer. We'll get back to you, Diana. And whatever you do, don't get in that car. Now, here's a story from the inquire, the only one that I found it really is interesting. Suppose it's some of that gay banner that gets some of these people. How many people voted for the gay, uh, uh, the fag thing? That's a, uh, 13. Well, that's a lucky number. Jackie feared that Jackie, JFK Junior would turn out gay. You ready for that? The fucking claim in a new book, the new book is called Sweet Caroline. Lost child, the last child of Camelot by Christopher Anderson. The candies are furious over a shocking new book. Aren't you shocked? Oh my God. Yeah. That contains humiliating revelations about the family including Jackie's nightmare fear that John Junior would turn out to be gay. The startling assertion of a, a search and appears in Christopher Anderson Anderson's Sweet Caroline is skipping away the other article. So while I was important to the. The startling assertion appears in Christopher Anderson's Sweet Caroline. Last child of Camelot, which claims that Jackie quelt her paranoia, about John sexuality by telling Stecca husband Ari O'Nasses to pay special attention to her son. Jackie said she was concerned that without a father figure to guide him toward manhood, John would become a fruit. Right, Anderson and his sensational biography of John sister Caroline. A fruit. You ready for that? For a true, a true. A pair. O'Nasses doodily began instructing the Eastern how to be a man. At 12 John Junior was already drinking Eris' favorite Scotch and Red Wine and smoking strong Greek cigarettes. That would make him a real manly man. Too bad I wasn't doing that. The Greeks know how to be madly. God damn, they know that Greek stuff. Trust me. Back home. The Kennedy's were distressed at the Greek shipping maggot who wasn't a Catholic like them was having such a profound influence on young John. They were equally upset that Jackie came to rely on her kid's secret service agent John Walsh, not the one from America's most wanted. Rather than a family member to be a father figure to Caroline say sources. Walsh had been Jackie's emotional anchor after the assassination leaving his speculation among family members of a possible romance between them. A Kennedy family source confirmed to the inquire where Jackie was haunted by the thought that John would become a fan of it because he spent too much time with her and sister Caroline. I can just hear Neil Diamond singing right now. Howly, holy, I mean sweet Caroline. She's just awful, you know it? At the moment. She wanted him even as a small boy to be around strong and especially her second husband Aristotle on Anacis. Ted Kennedy informed her he could provide all the male influence that John would ever need and he should come to a highness port city with his male cousins. He could get him drunk and get him lading. Be sure that right? Oh, no sweat. By then Jackie was so disenchanted with the Kennedy she insisted John spent holidays with her and Arassas on his yacht. Anderson writes there was no question that Ari's first priority aside from his kids Alexander and Christina was John, JFK Jr. Get the honey, Jr. The Kennedy's are also upset with the Wagner because it spotlights the mysterious relationship between secret service agent Washington, the president's widow. The fact that she instructed was to be a father figure to Caroline really puzzled and disturb the Kennedy's, said to family insider. Some members of the family insisted Jackie may have been having an affair with this veer all young agent. This outrage Jackie and drove her away even further from the Kennedy's. The book's sweet Caroline by Christopher Anderson who often get that and go out and get them out about Diana from Paul Barrel. Anybody care about Diana? No. Although I was quite of an interesting coincidence, maybe we ought to have like Jonathan Edwards. Yeah, given touch with Diana on the other side. Huh? Cross over, go on the other side and find out if she really had that vision about somebody and messing with her car and killing her. Well, he's just not a little strange British coincidences. Just like the fact that the British, the Windsor family turned out to be a bunch of Germans. He was just a coincidence. Just like all these Halleberton and Vectel deals with Bush and just coincidences. 141 at 560 WQM the little dog Joe Rose with some more Howard David bashing from two to four the Sanctano. If you're looking to replace that terrible carpeting in your home, here's a great idea for your laments or us. This is the smart, the easy, the simple piece of cake, low maintenance alternative to mighty expensive natural wood flooring which cost you an arm and four legs. Laminants or us is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from the top names in a business. They got them all. They got Wilson Art, Purgle, Pyrrador, Uniflor, Quixthip and all of laminants are restored by people who are reading their crap, Purgle certified installers. Another reason to call laminated service their prices are so low. So amazingly rock bottom and unbeatable and I just screwed up on this thing I'll never get to in time. Oh, it's jammed. No, because I could have played their prices will floor. Right now you can get their fall special after all that work you got to play at twice for just 1495 bucks. That's correct. Just $1495 gets you up to $295 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring and is positively unbeatable. And laminated service will match any legitimate written offer too. So like I said, unbelievable and unbeatable too. For a free and homestimate columnant to rust toll free and tell that negative old kneel to it call 1-877-777-3336. What could be easier for you to carpet disposal for your moving? They give you an amazing 25 year warranty and years and years of beautiful easy care laminated wood flooring. Call them today and tell that sour nasty miserable old bastard kneel to it. Call laminated service 1-877-777-3336. You think of a million air like JFK? Could afford a better play? If JFK had scored a fly, would it go? A fiber club that's keeping crappy play that flows. A plumbing that my head's about to go. Now, half the only one that left alive today. Now, what they call the candidate curse? If Dorothy Gilgallon was alive, she'd say, here up it's only gonna get worse. And the two of us down in John John Paul's home and say, oh, there's water there. Water, poor people, who don't sound like John John Paul is saying. And the other is water, water, water. And it's so disrespectful to know that's why we play at 147 at 560. He was, I don't want to say he was a zero. You wanted to win? Why? Because that would be an insult to all the real zeros all over the world. Whatever they are, he was like seven steps less. And because they would have been Kennedy, if he wasn't JFK, junior, he would have been 70 yards below a zero. He was nothing. He had no personality. He would kind of like a funny looking. I don't care what anybody says. He was kind of strange looking. A lot of people thought that area was as real father, by the way. And I think he liked Greek to top it all off. Plus he had like a problem, you know what I mean? Evidently. So there you go. The Kennedy's, they just had this long thing that hangs over that family. It's just really is amazing when he came right down with it. In fact, what was the other son? I got killed in WW2. Was it the Joe Junior? Bruce. No, no seriously. It was Joe Junior. And then we had JFK got assassinated and Bobby Kennedy got assassinated. And then there was the one I got killed with the skiing accident before Sonny Boner decided to try it. Which one was that? That was the Kennedy, right? Yeah. And then there was William Kennedy Smith, who had the little rape problem. And then we had Gaggle, who went to jail for crime that he may or may not have committed. And then of course we had Teddy, who's had a series of like that mysterious plane crash and a bunch of other stuff, you know? You know? You love your Ted, but you got some problems. A man described by authorities as a non-sexual predator. This is in Philadelphia, which changed through the streets of South Philadelphia by an angry crowd of Catholic high school girls today and kicked in punched him after he was tackled by neighbors. Yeah, that's it. Get him. Rudy Susanto 25 of it exposed himself to teenage girls on as many as seven occasions outside Saint Maria Gerretti school struck again yesterday just as students were being dismissed poli said. But this time they had it. The group of girls in school uniforms angrily confronted Susanto with help from some neighbors when Susanto tried to run more than 20 girls chased him down the block, two men from the hood caught him and girls took their revenge. They came in and started kicking him and punching him. So obviously they stopped the neighbor Robert Lemons Bob Lemons used to pitch for the Indians. Robert Lemons told the inquire. Susanto was later treated for any reason local hospital. He was also the Ankeh manager. Remember that one's time, but it was a Dickham with Bob Lemons. 1978. Police said he'd be charged with 14 criminal counseling including harassment, disorderly conduct, open lootiners and corrupting the mortals of a minor. You ready for that? SIX you the Razmin. A Razmin. A Razmin. Lack of meat. So there you go. There's latest from Phil van Alpheon. I just finally figured out doing the break. I was thinking about it for like 10 or 15 seconds got. What's that? You remember you said that Hank was a little crabbier cranky at the party last night to ratings party? I did. I finally figured out why you got that impression. He doesn't like you. Oh, brah. Isn't that right, yours, didn't I make sense? Well, he had a gigantic book him in a mad dog there and he had to know. And they kicked ass, kicked that, the Schmidt right back in a no man's land where he belongs. So I'm sure it was in a good mood for you food, which Hank always loved. But probably he ran into you and used a felt that he was in the sarmot because he was sour toward you. Which like I said, he doesn't like you. What a joke. WQAM. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I love it when you interact with the great one, Reverend Jones. Yeah, okay, good. WQAM. Hello. QAM with a radio turned up so loud that there's a radio ahead. Pretty good. Hey, Neil, remember me for Cardoff? No. 15 years ago, you used to call your other side. Just wanna say hi to my friend, Southop. You listen to your wee love, yes. And I want to take the police. You all are negative, sir. What is it? You're negative, sir. Okay, thank you, sir. That was that sound like Reverend Jones, too. Wow. WQAM, hello. Hello. QAM, yes. Speaking. Neil, it's a whole deal from Rallya. Hey, hold me on. It's only the engineer. Are you doing? Pretty good. How's the show going today? You called me yesterday, right, Julio? Yeah, get out of here. WQAM, hello. Chomba. How come the, that Julio guy who does sound like Julio, then, you're how come he called two days, no, he didn't even listen. How does the show going today? Pretty good. I'll have to tell about 10 seconds ago, Julio. Come in to QAM. Did I do it? Okay. I've finally got on, huh? It sounds like you get back near the phone within about 10 yards would be good. Yeah, I'm right here. Get us close to the phone as the dolphins are going to get to the end zone against the Colson Sunday within about 1520 yards. But I won't go the way. Where you call from? West Point. I'll get you on right away. Good. Okay, let's take your call from West Palm Beach, hello. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good. Oh, Lord, I got to, I got to lower the radio because it isn't that good. Yeah, turn that radio down. I'll drive you nuts. You want me to turn it down seriously? Yeah, turn it down all by the way. I got to go and take a break now. 152 at 5.60 QAM. I have a local, this is 56. The radio though, yours. Not a QAM. What? Tonight on Animal Planet's emergency fence. We've got another tiger. What seems to be the problem? I think he's choking on something. Let's have a look. Oh my god. It looks like it is. He's choking on some kind of fruit. Tiger's don't he fruits? That's what's in green, Roy thought. That's tonight on Animal Planet emergency fence. A final buy in nasi animal bowel movements. Oh my god. He's got fruit coming out the woods. What? I ain't got the tiger. You know, I just wanted to play one other quick bit, but it's on the same this. So I have to like, you would up real quick. Here are some other people. Boston Red Sox, Pitcher, Pedro Martinez. Would like to throw to the ground. He lives a bit tailor, Mickey Rooney, Phyllis Biller, Mike Wallace, Deal lady from the Titanic. Grandpa, how Lewis Roy Horn, Barbara Bush, Doris Roberts, Suppy Sales. Since season chains, Lifton will for Brimley Carl Maldon, Jack Cugman, and Tony Randall, Olivia DeHavlin, Judge Judy, and the Pope. That's kind of cute. It's got his moment. You didn't like it. Oh, it's hard. You didn't like it. George, you need to circle. I'm laughing on the inside. Didn't even snicker a little bit. I've gotten to see you don't even know papermark to that. I've, like I said, Scott, it was kind of cute. See, Scott appreciated because he knows who the hell it is and you don't. So he doesn't, you, you at least know who Don's Zimmer is though, and the Pope, right? And the Pope said, that's good and listen to the tailor. Anyway, what's your biggest beef would be it was our poll question today. We had a resounding response. Now let's take a look there. And we make it to 700 votes. 687. So we have two minutes left to get 13 votes in under to get us to 700 during the show. Which will be one of probably the top five all time responses. I knew this would get like a big hoot for the people down there to take their cheap shots. We got less two seconds less than two minutes. We got 691. Oh, all we need to nine. That's like rolling off a log, you know, just refresh it. Just refreshing, just keep refreshing. Okay. Oh, man, it's like a fart in the shower. I'll say it again for those of you people are a little bit too, up, pacified. We ate more farting in the shower is one of the most phenomenal. Oh, inhaling those steamy. Cream, what would you call him? What? What's your biggest beef would be a we asked today? See, I can tell you are already like all wrapped up and ready to go home. You're not full of me. You too. I've got my clothes on. I have no meat would be out 266 38.4% not even 40. Wow, that's pretty bad. He puts Georgia on the fill in 80. Too many vacations. He's 27. He's too effing negative 51. He's too liberal 39. Too many comedy bits 38. He doesn't rip moan of 32. Not enough reading bedtime stories 29. Well, I made up for a little bit of that today. He's out of mind away from here too much 27, damn it. He rips mo too much 19. He's too much of a fag 14. He hangs up on too many color stirteen. Not enough sports talk 8 too much reading 5 too much pull talk 5 too much sports talk 5. Too much god damn foul language 4 out of 692. Oh my god, we got like 30 seconds that we're going to make it. To the 700 total. To the 700 club. What's Pat Robertson say? 698. Uh oh 26 seconds in counting. I'm not leaving here until we get 700 vote. What? Just keep clicking it. Just keep refreshing it. The audience is working out of feverishly. They're yanking it. They're twisted it. They're pumping it. Oh, and I see now it's all over. I can't see it. You got a number? Yeah, I got a number. I got a number for it too. Bye bye. I'm tired of watching show. I'm tired of watching show. I'm tired of watching show. I'm tired of watching show. I'm tired of watching show. How are David's a bitch? I'm the one. I'm the one.