Hi, I'm your 15-year-old host Jenny and this is Titanic Talk. For me and my friend Kimberly talked on the radio about our favorite movie, Titanic and Leo. I love you Leo! Yeah, we talked about the most beautiful, sing-and-titanic. Leo, you're not a dick-happery. I love you Leo. I love Leo too. Well, today's topic is the Titanic. I saw it Saturday for the 14th time and I cried. I've seen it 17 times. I cried every time. I wanted Leo to live this time. I wish my boyfriend was more like Leo. I wish my boyfriend was Leo. Oh my god! Look at the clock. Titanic starts at the mall in 15 minutes. Let's hurry. Hold on Leo, we're coming. Okay, thanks for listening. Tune in next time on Titanic Talk. What our topic will be, Leo. Oh, rock Leo. Yeah, how could we have left Leo off the list yesterday? How could we have done that? I don't know. Slipping my mind. Yeah, almost 1200 votes, which is pretty damn good since we didn't put that thing up there till several minutes after 11 o'clock. We were hoping to get it up at 11, but it took several minutes after. Don't. Don't strike it in the air-skage rattled here right off the bat. Okay, it's a bad idea. But never less, how could we have done that? Well, we'll get to the results of the polio-stay we asked. What was the best all-time performance in a movie by an actor? And we could have gone on that for weeks, but that would be ponderous. So today we'll do the best, and this is going to be much tougher, because if we're whatever reason, we were talking about this before the show today for whatever reason. There just haven't been that many great actresses that got the notoriety. I must say that they weren't great, but they didn't get the notoriety the actors did. I thought it's sexiest in Hollywood or any place else, but it is. I want to tell you Kevin, backster, man, this guy, all the bastards there with the hero. Do you know what to say? He got Dan Lobastered, and you got Kevin Bastard, Bastard. Seriously, all the bastards are at the hairls for whatever reason. And he were all of a sudden, here's the guy that was been a, he first he was a radio and TV guy for a couple of years, and then he was the sports guy, which I think he still is. But they heard because they got a very low budget as Jim DeFedy told us a couple of months ago, and they can't afford to hire anybody anymore in her payroll and they're losing money all the sudden bull crap. So as a result, they like a mix and match, and one guy he writes the homing gardening column, and then he writes the radio column, and then the baseball column, that's Kevin Bastard. And his ratings column is so embarrassing, it's even more embarrassing, little Tommy Jerka, or at least try to write about something that's going on, even though it was meaningless. The beat goes on, rising at number eight writes Kevin Bastard, and he's got a little blurb in here in a hero about the ratings. Thanks by the way, who are the Mickey, you've thanks this in. Because you can't find this on the hero website, you can't find anything on a hero website. The worst. Any major newspaper in the universe that has to be the worst website I've ever seen, our website makes the Harold's Paralympic and its owner boy. Of course it didn't before being a board came along, but that was another story we'll talk more about that later on. The beat goes on, rising at number eight, and this is the 12 plus numbers, he's got the top ten stations in 12 plus, does anybody care about 12 plus? Of course not, the audience don't care about that, the agencies don't care about it, the people are working to business don't care about it. Nobody cares about it, it's meaningless. It's absolutely meaningless because 12 plus means the entire audience, including teenagers and people over 90 and people over 100, it doesn't mean anything. Because whether it's television or radio, everybody's appealing to a certain demographic, you got your FM's, your punk stations that are appealing to puns, and you got your slush stations that are paying to old farts, you got your KAT with their classical music, which by the way is going over like a pregnant pole-order, and hell. Classical music station WKAT A and 1360 lost two tenths of a share point, since the fall finishing 23 with a 1.4 share, 23rd, 23rd, 23rd. You turned, is that incredible? What was the biggest semester we're making about that? We have to have our classical music back. Of course, they didn't want it back on an AM station with a horrible signal. It sounds like it's got like, back through a strainer. How much power do they have anyway? How many watts? I turned man. That's what I would say. In fact, of all the stations in the market, where are they right? I turned man. Post to it, 23rd, way down the list. And I 12 plus does mean something near KAT a great. Because I doubt that they have anybody listening to that under the age of 100. So this is a really lame column Kevin Baxter. God forbid that he should have waited for the real story here with their lot of stories. In a sub-rating thing. He says, the three month winner listeners should survey measuring station for a preferences from January 2 March, was originally released Friday morning, but Arbitron briefly would call the report because of problems in the data. Is what he said. Right, which we're not going to talk about. And then so the thrust to this is WMGEM, nearly doubled at share of the market's radio audience and switching formats to December 31. The upbeat, yeah. Yeah. Which is now, that's not even a call that is anymore. WMIB, oh he's got that up there. WMRB. So that's been she. Stop the think of all the formats. It's been since tax and then she channel now. It used to be she a great rock station once upon a time. WSH-103.5. It was likely definitive rock station in the South Florida market indeed. Then it was they changed it into a planet. Right, right. A lady station. In fact, our good close personal friend, the what's your name used to work on that. Linda, Linda energy with the her doctor A physician for husband. So it was planet. Now then they changed your call letters for planet. I do believe they did. Yeah. And then it was smegma. They were playing disco. They were playing KC in the sunshine records over and over again for about six months. And that took up see the thing with all these flash and a pan formats which give a back. Dude don't seem to understand even though we've just mentioned about party radio. Is that all of them do that every single one a matter of what they're playing. They can be playing old scratchy 70 and RPM records. And for the first couple of books. Oh my god, it's going through the roof. But then after a few months, they all go in the tank. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Right. They all go in a crapper. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. I was just going in black I mean just what we needed was another hip hop station into market. Oh, what? We got. How many? Too many? Too much hip and out of not hop. For us at the other way around. Piece of crap. We believe this isn't a flash in a pan anyway. shape or forms does David Ross. But it's regional vice president for cheap channel. Which owns WMb. Don't forget all the cheap. What we ought to do is on our website. Have a list of all the stations that clear channels owns in the south to market. great idea. I'm not talking about boycotting because I'm not into boycotting. I mean it's a free country. Listen to whatever you like. Just as a suggestion so that you don't lend any tangible support to any clear channel station, we will make a list of all the cheap channel stations in the South Florida market, all the stations that they own and then you can do whatever you like. Because we're pretty sick and tired of one company and of course on June the second, which is only a few weeks away. That's when the FCC is going to really commit the worst-called Duggery perhaps in the history of a broadcasting at the behest of the Bush administration and the three Republicans on the FCC which they outnumber the two Democrats last time I checked three to two. And three bigger than two? Last time although nobody's bigger than Josh Friedman. What are we around the building as he was in it as this disgrace? Here's a man who almost single-handedly long with his obnoxious agent have destroyed baseball. $25 million a year, $25 million a year, $15 million wouldn't have been good enough. Okay, you could have enough jewelry for $15 million a year. He could have enough dates with Derek Geter for like 12 million a year. Ranger Star World Stray Farm from his hotel, I'll be in my room says pay-rod. Oh my god, you can hear the meowing sounds. Pushy, pushy, pushy, pushy, pushy, pushy. Alex Rodriguez will be easy to find between the Texas Rangers Regames in Toronto this week. If you need me, I'll be in my room, a-rode said, the All-Star Shortstop won't be alone at the team's hotel. There won't be any going out to dinner or going to the mall this time. Catch your Ina-Ds, be Sam. Ina-Ds. Our medical staff is assured us it's pretty safe and has been blown out of proportion a little bit Rodriguez said. But I still think we have to be precautionary careful and just watch ourselves. Oh, what a pussy man, there's nothing going on here. The people in the local health, all the hot shots are in Geneva right now. Some of Margines, what's going on? Some got confused, they went to Geneva, New York, and it's a lot closer. And they have a big meetings in the WH. It's probably going to win out later today that they're taking Toronto off of this list, which you should get on there in the first place. Hip hop pioneers public enemy are still finding the powers that be. Good. Such is don't believe the hype and fight the power will take on President Bush with their I'm just reading this blurb here on City Pulse. They're new CD DVDs, sort of a bush, scheduled for May 6th release. I like that. I'm going to go out and buy it. Son of a bush. I don't like the accident. Not always like that rap crap. I'm going to start listening to men and black. In fact, I would accept it's own by Kurt Chan and the kick in here. It's owned by a cheap channel. So here we are all these big high paid athletes. So I suppose to be such macho men like pay rod. Oh, what a pussy man. I'm so embarrassed for you. I'm embarrassed. I'm humiliated for you. I'd love to find out what hotel arrangements are staying at here in town. And be able to just find out what the hell room he was in. I really would. Go cough on it. No, not go cough. I'm having people call it just make meowing sounds on a flight. Pussy pussy pussy. Yeah, that's what I'd like to for pay rod. But an idiot. Here's the results he asked today's poll. The best all-time performance in a movie by an actor. I better do the break first. Okay. Well, I'm better because there's a long list here. I don't want to. And the best part of it is the audience being a sensitive bunch that we have out there. There were two movies, two acting performances that got left out. Had zero, but just before the show, I see the each got one vote. I like that. Don't you think that's good? Yeah, that's nice of him. It's nice to be honest. It's a nice touch. To go through a 1200 votes and have movies performances with none, with a big, that's glaring. That's like Bill O'Rally's radio ratings in a soft Florida market and a normal can too. Zero. Speaking of ratings, we like it to you break down today. Muffins in there have another one of his breakdowns. He's trying to break down the numbers for us. We might have those hour by hour. Well, this could be a really pressure day. And if not today definitely tomorrow. What? Yeah, maybe we'd have a repeat of Friday. Yeah. Yeah, because the ratings days can be either a paradise or can be a nightmare. That's my opinion. I'm like this. Yeah. Well, let's get those hour by hour. See what happened in that nine to 10 hour. See how it compared with 6 to 9 a.m. See how we did between 10 and 1. See how the mad dog did. See how the humper was doing. I'm amazed at that Schmidt-Mister. The only reason we did that well. In fact, you're always naturally filling up as he's following the Schmidt-Mister in that huge book, who followed the rush. Obviously, I had a gigantic white wing book. Huh? Of course. God. What a bunch of mad drudgery all of this is. From it at Samtronine at 5.60WQA, I'll tell you something. If you got a really crappy job, if you're sick and tired of working for a paycheck, then isn't worth a dime. It looks like I mean, you couldn't squeeze an out of blood out of it. It's so small. And the paycheck, too. As the answer, get yourself a new high-pain computer job with training at Fast Train. These are the people of each other to really make some serious bucks. Call them tool-free. There's no obligation called 1-866 Fast Train. No excuse anymore to be working on a crappy dead end job. Fast train offers you convenient day evening weekend classes. Check them out of the web if you're like at FastTrain.com. And because they have locations all over South Florida, training ought to be a snap for you. Because there's about to be one nearby you. They're in Kendall, Miami, Pembroke, Pines for a lot of detail. And just for sure, at once you can have the training you need to get a new high-pain computer career. And like I said, make a big fat paycheck. Then you can go out and buy a B-pole bunch of dinners, too. Register at FastTrain.com to receive and by the way, there was no dinner last night. A rumors are on the way back home as well. I just want to mention it. Register at FastTrain.com to receive your free American flag bumper sticker, too. Call FastTrain today. What he got to lose was we said a crappy job and at meaningless paycheck. Call him and get a real career. Call 1-866 FastTrain. Mr. Kristoff易. delivered to the stream. introduce specific sports when he was basta. a delay can not be seen. No, there's no way that it's uncomfortable. I'm so old my friend. Another birth date's come around my friend Boy, I celebrate my sin while I'm soaked in with my friends And I can't wait to roll another one again Here, there's some old my friend What is that wacky kind of best my friend Some of makes so willy is feel so young again And I can't wait to roll another one again I'm so old my friend But I still like the weed that sets me sideways I go back again It's planted by the fact that side might drive way Doing it my way Oh, yes, I'm old my friend But I can turn my brain to toast again To grab a bomb and torture fat one up my friend And I can't wait to roll another one again Don't like that way, one other first day again Okay I'm 17 at 5.60 WQA I'm so I got more bad news for Payrod before we get to the results yesterday's pool The BlueJays parent company Rogers Communications Inc. one of my little subsidiaries Is offering dollar tickets for tonight's baseball game between the BlueJays and the Texas Rangers And it's a sellout It's gonna be over 40,000 people whatever capacity is in the sky I don't know 40,000 How many think it holds? About 30 man Now more than that Gonna be a gigantic sellout crowd there in the sky domed And I know that it's a roggy coffee So I would encourage everybody who goes to the game that I'd hear at the sky domed To start coughing and gagging and like you know, sweat and up a storm Just to get them all turned it. It probably run off the field and cry like a baby Like a little shy Well, I'll put some man 25 million here in this guy's See that's what I think about baseball players They're not really athletes They're gonna hang the other off for like two weeks Hockey player breaks an ankle, they go back out there and play to rest of the game How are we talking about huh? Do we ever take that pool? I don't think we ever did that one Which supposedly athletes are the biggest pussy Well, of course golf is not a sport anywhere, it's a game So we wouldn't put that on there Golf Who the hell is kin? But I think baseball Pussy's What do they do? They wait around a line Well, of course that's a lot of football I was gonna say out of shape there's a lot of fat pictures especially And baseball But then of course you got out of your line in football Which they're not athletes, they're just big fat tums of crap They look like Josh Friedman Talking about a big fat telecrap That's all I was hearing about all morning before the show today Because I come in here this morning I'm going to flip on a little thing in here And there's a gully And who's he got out with him with Josh Friedman Contenticating about last day about the Marlins Oh, go on And I thought what else he doing on there And of course then we then met a moment I realized it was not there And it brightened up my day tremendously And not only were we hearing all morning about Josh Friedman being Fatter than ever being just enormous a human butterball But also the fact that the ambiance in there is so much more pleasant I remember when I was down there Remember that the mole mice had a couple of days off on a 30 in Friday And Mandy, a role in the atmosphere And the just the whole ambiance in that place was so much more pleasant And everybody was in a good mood and smiling and high-fiving themselves And each other and the ass slapping and stuff like you're supposed to do in a sports place You know it was downright festive out there this night And right they hate you mode on gender stand In fact I got a great idea And how I do the show from the studio here in where we're going to have I feel like it right Or I call it in from a phone booth whenever I feel like it is Herzica set I think they ought to put a studio in Mozholm in Boka Oh brother, can you imagine how much more pleasant that would be for the poor bans To devs to work that show and arrest of us who every now and then have to wander around a hallways when he's there I think you're onto it Yeah, I think I'm on it then he wouldn't even have to he wouldn't even have to have dry concepts clean off those hairpieces for me before it comes in every day Huh? He just leave it on the rack He could all the way I think even at home he'd be a little bit self-conscious He probably would have to put one of them ready things on You know at least during the show and dress up And dress up for a spiffy too That's right because we do want to dress for success and radio right Personally I'm wearing my dockers for old cochars myself Anyway, what was the best all-time performance in who we buy an actor that was our pore yesterday? It's huge response considering we didn't start till well after 11 o'clock 215 votes aren't you shocked by that? Shopped I am Oh, and also yesterday I think we set our all-time record for number hits in one day on a pool And we went to the phenomenal job that Carlos is doing under Biner Boen I do on Carlos There be another nice check for an in June This time George is pants who won't be as large but for my seriously he's doing a great job Carlos and on a weekends We're doing a stop and also when I go on vacation which my next vacation is like in mid May On the weekends Biner Boen is going to have to be doing the bedtime stories Which we do change every day now seven days a week because we don't want to just leave stuff up there And I'll tell you there are plenty of websites that don't do that Are you worth that? Right, then on a weekend they just leave crap up there from Friday which we used to do because our stuff used to really suck But anyway, now that it's great and we're proud of it as opposed to how embarrassed we used to be The third phone rings don't answer it Carlos just ignore him Give him plenty of space and plenty of time to eat finishes brunch and he'll be alright I'll turn Orlando Eric, anyway, what was the best all-time performance in a movie by an actor? Jack Nicholson wants to over to cook his nest 163 Excellent choice In fact, what he's said should have won here I like the way this turned out Not that that's the purpose of it But I mean I just it is It is. Oh yeah Yeah, if we just wanted to be the way we liked it You know, then who the hell needs the rest of this? The thing you brought in Brands a lobby and I signed a leak so well I wasn't him, but I mean that's one of my favorite drop-ins Marlon Brando and Godfather 142 You can't talk a man Fuck it I don't know I love this man Yeah, it's a little smack You can't talk a man Fuck it Fuck it For Al Martina I remember that Martina was more upset about getting slapped a hundred times that they had to do to take on that scene or the fact that it's an actor wouldn't speak to him anymore True story I know Old blue eyes wouldn't speak to Al Martina anymore Because everybody knew that he was the character in that movie Okay, with the Tommy Dorsey band and Yeah, I'm not anyway Marlon Brando Godfather 142 Al Pacina went scar faces The one I thought was the chicken and wood pile What's wrong with you people Today's the thing we didn't put Follow somebody did suggested That we didn't put the scent of a woman on there Somebody suggested Oh, was that a piece of crap? I mean really That was a bad bad flick Scarface had 103 Al Pacina Anthony Hopkins silenced the lands 95 How can we leave him out? That was a magnificent thing I ate this liver with some properly It's an amazing candy Nice tongue work I think in Debbie does Dallas as you remember Every other head better tongue work Dustin Hoffman, Rainman 81 George, she's got in Patton 64 What was the movie George, she's got was in with the was it taps? Was he in taps? Everybody else was I do believe so What would the military academy and all the punk kids with the Tim Hutton? Right Everybody else was in taps? Everybody else was in taps? They've tapped this morning on air More play and all the low lights are very Lucas's interceptions And then we had a couple of dark and plucked the garrier couple of people Called in one was not the one was white one was black Even without one of each Rain Lucas sucked Okay, you dolphin losers out there Rain Lucas was crap Whether he was white and he was barely black anyway Everything that we made into a racial thing Rain Lucas sucked Okay, okay And especially under pressure man He got under pressure. He was he was always completing it to the guy with a wrong uniform on he was awful To a racial thing and Jay Fiedler You know Jay Fiedler sucks too, but that's beside the point Anyway, does the often rainman 81 jurid, she's got Patton 64 Time hanks filled with offie of 44 Yes, he was in taps George, I give my book out, but I'm too lazy I'm just it's just too glorious of the day The sun is shining, it's gonna be what is it 60 today Yesterday was 77 But low humidity today a little bit more humidity, but 60 man, it is beautiful Nothing wrong going on here pay ride, okay Get out of the hotel, walk around downtown, get out of your room In fact the cabin at the federal cabin It is holding their media, we're gonna hold an audible today But they moved it to Toronto with the radio or hotel Just to show that everything here is safe Froggy is here John Cricin who's talked out of the side of his mouth like most politicians He can't hide it Peter's seller's doctor strange love 37, he should have not better than that Yeah, what's he think? Not a lot of people Peter Finch and Network also 37 Simon, what is that? I don't think it takes us anymore I mean when you compare Peter Finch's performance in network would say Al Pacita when Scarface Is it laughable? Yeah, I mean who are they kidding? Jack Nicholson and the shining here is Johnny had 35 Robert De Niro, which we never got to spelling right on that Nice going to be in her boy Robert De Niro, raging bull 32 and taxi driver head Bob third man 30 So they were both misspelled and both had about 30 votes Humphrey Bogar, Casablanca 28 Paul Newman, cool handle Luke 27 Al Pacino, dog they have to know and the dust and hop in midnight cowboy 23 I kept doing that attic of thing, attic of course Yeah, you were right on this show should be Peter O2 alerts of Arabia 22 Dom Deloise and Fatso I'm really surprised, I mean not that it wasn't greater on deserve but I'm surprised you did it well I think thanks to us a lot more people have seen that movie they've gotten running Al Paco, honey tune yeah Fatso at 17, I mean not that great but it's not a bad number Time with Al Aguina's in Virginia River, July 17 See that's that's it, joke too I mean as much as a like Fatso To compare Dom Deloise's performance there with Al Aguina's in Bridge on River, Choir I think he wanted a Academy Award for it But this crowd you know steam equipment and peppy on 16 Wasn't that the sequel to butterflies are free Marlon Brande won a waterfront 15 I could have been a contender, wasn't that the movie I could have been a contender That was it Russell Crow beautiful mine and Dennis Hopper Blue Velvet 14 Here's Bobby Vitt and the Polish prince to sing Blue Velvet Bella Lagosian, Dracula 12 I should have done better than that That was a great performance man just the eyes He was the original guy with the eyes Jack Nicholson Robert and the Chinatown Robert to valigrate centenine in Malcolm McDowner Clockwork Orange each head 12 11 votes for Humphrey Bogart and Keenine Newton, Ned Badey and Deliverance and Sydney Park T-Rason and Sun each head 11 Nine votes for Tom Cruise 4th on a 4th of July And Rod Stagron and he did the night 9 James Khan in a godfather which was a late addition How do you like that? I told you he was in votes Don't think you've blown a plane all over your eyes I believe so He had a Gene Hackman French connection seven Robert and Erole Awakening six Anthony Hopkins magic and Tony Perkins cycle five Daniel DeLouis and my life foot four Lejacob and Rod Stagger, Lejacob run a waterfront and Rod Stagger the pawn broker each head one I'm surprised we didn't put Linda Blair on there Oh, that's right. Oh, this was actors Well, you had many Davis on Eric Eric would have put it on or he don't know These has a hard time to agree about 928 at 560 WQM I'll tell you where they know up from down and in from out of that's Lejman's Lejman's a deal I'm always wanted to call it Lejman Pontiac Sorry, Tom, but you got that big ego, you know How let Pontiac GMC where Tom Lejman is your creator or wonderful guys And they'll treat you right the way you want to be treated Don't have pressure, no games, no BS They won't grab your keys, they won't squeeze your credit card or anything else And they'll give you an unbeatable deal They got some great deal deals going on right now at Hall of Pontiac At Lejman Pontiac Neal deal number one gets your percent financing for 60 months at every Pontiac or GMC And stop Neal deal number two get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new GMC And Pontiac and stock let me say it again because it sounds to get to be true But it ain't get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new tower truck and stock Neal deal number three if you're currently a GM, a smart lease or a smart buy customer And you drive an a Chevy Blazer old vibrato or GMC Jimmy Buy or lease a new Pontiac or GMC and get an extra $1,000 off the price Stop by Hall of Pontiac and test drive the all new and powerful Pontiac grant Pretty too while you be at it Hall of Pontiac GMC in a same stupidest location where they're legendary at 1.341 South Tixi Highway that's US1 right across from the falls open every day 7 days away for information on these special deals called the Neal deal hotline toll free And 1 triple 8 5 3 4 4 4 2 11 That's 1 triple 8 5 3 4 42 11 don't forget all Neal deal Subject credit approval CD before details at Hall of Pontiac GMC Tom Lane and a whole gang there definitely are professional grades My and local year sports video 5 60's you and you a M You asshole, a soap opera like nothing you'd seen before Excuse me, a steam father. What is it my child? I had something I must tell you. What is it my daughter? Oh father, I'm afraid to tell you. Afraid to tell me your own father. I fear I will be shame upon our family Lonsons I am your father. I love you very much. You must tell me what is wrong You promise you was to love me of course my sweet child A father's love is not erased by a simple misnede Very well. I am I am I am pregnant I see Do you still love me father? Of course I do But since you're pregnant and not married Yes father I'm afraid I must drag you down to the town square And with the help of my friends and neighbors are stoned you today My daughter, if he's written that this is the punishment for what you have done But you check again I'm not going to be grounded I'm not going to be grounded I must have used stone It's the first step And the focus is on a fundamentalist and it'll be steamed sand May I speak with you my esteemed husband I have something to tell you I have something to tell you I am having enough air I am not going to be grounded Are you going I can live back your life with the collection stone Yes, I must drag you to the town square Where are you with of course be stoned today You'll be an entrepreneur I have a lot of lives of the family They deal with the many problems They've played them Who may I speak with you my esteemed father I'm sorry Last night I used you little broach Well, what do you know You are a one lucky boy Oh, why is that father? You are going to get stoned two nights in a row You are a good guy The guy didn't she The guy didn't she I just shot an location and bag down You're a 93 How many stones does it take to stoned somebody today That's what I'm hearing 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line We're doing a new pull now This out the RT we won't get anywhere near the response for this like we did yesterday you'll see right What was the best all time performance in a movie by an actress And we've got a list of five to get you started I'll be forget to that Told you that here a Toronto Sunday a very ultra conservative Toronto son has got a series can of the ghost of pot About the fact that any minute now It's going to be a decriminalization at the very least here So here's the latest stats grass growing it says pull shows marijuana support on the rise in Canada Here's their pull the ass to be legalized to be legalized for medical purposes Position decriminalized or end just selling a crime or should always be illegal This was the survey of 1500 one Canadians conducted April 1 through 6 should always be illegal only 14 percent So in other words 86% of the people in Canada think that the pot should not always be illegal should be legalized completely in other words not just to criminalize but completely legal 20% Position decriminalized and made selling a crime a position totally decriminalized 20% So there were already up to 40% and should be legalized for medical purposes 43 So if you take the three categories that say should be legal for one reason or another you got 83% as opposed to 14 say should always be legal How do you like that huh? You'll a more broad-minded little more realistic than the peritanical Americans who've been repressed so long that they're starting to at least pretend that they like it Even though they don't the best all-time performance in a movie by an actress Kathy Bates in misery Betty Davis whatever happened to baby Jane Sally Field and civil Fade done away in network and fade in away and mommy dearest. That's the first five And look at away that phone is just ringing off the hook now. They can't wait. Huh? I don't understand why Best all-time performance in a movie by an actress there must be a few there must be some I mean yesterday the phones were smoking for the actors 560 560 what did I tell you pound 560 on the AT&T Verizon wireless line WQAM Neil yes sir. I got a couple that I don't know you could pick which one living in gone with the wind or salad field in any hall Vivian Lee and go with the wind definitely yes Sally Field in any home. What didn't she do? Diane Keaton Okay, whatever. Also could you play it in the Harold? Okay, thanks. I have a right there. Yeah, it's in a hero. Right a much of crap as in a hero that damn Kevin Bastard Are you out of your mind or what Kevin? This wrong with you. I think too much of that baseball is made your mind go soft. Too much in that sports section Right to think about 12 plus doesn't mention anything about QA. I'm nothing about even the individuals the the Schmidt being number one and a afternoon on IOD. Not just about us, but just about anybody doesn't write. Just know here's the here's the 12 plus numbers. This is what I got basically that's what he's saying. You're lazy Kevin. You must be hand out with jick a lot. You're lazy. You don't want to do your homework. You don't want to get the real information and pass it on to your audience. Just put a give a licaness smear and the big deal is all WMIB men and black. How many people who listen to WMIB you think we the Miami Harold? Huh? Yeah, that's an exaggeration. That's probably like 10 times the real number. WMIQAM QAM Hello Yeah, yes sir. How you doing? Okay. I got one for you for you for your fourth. Okay. How about when close fatal attraction? Excellent choice. Yes sir. Thank you. Good talking you. And likewise short and sweet. That's a good one. When close fatal attraction? Absolutely. Now what do you think about him Michael Douglas? I think he's overrated. Oh quite. I think he's a good actor, but I think he's become a legend in his own mind lately and also a sex pattern is on my Oh, I don't know. I don't know. Michael Jackson Michael. Or Michael Douglas. Oh, speaking of that tonight's Tuesday at smallville. You get to see Tom Walling. Back to him. Tom Swilling. I wrecked him. That's the rumor anyway. That's what they told us. Never they told us. I told you said you got a rear naked shot of Superman. And I heard it was a super wrecked. What I heard. Two cheeks. Speaking of that is then close. Excellent choice to get this started here today. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Take our time on. He's not going to be in any rush. That was because it's not going to be like yesterday. You mark by words. I mean, we got some lines flashing here, but it's not going to be like yesterday because like I told me for the women have always been kind of a subservient role in society. And so in the motion picture and this me is no different. Even though there were a lot of great actresses over the years. They didn't get the billing that the actors got and they didn't get the notoriety and it's a Center and so on. Right. Right. They may have gotten lead a lot more, but nevertheless. W to Q I M. Yes. Like to speak with Neil speaking. Neil, I've got a nomination for your best actress there. Okay. Read a Hayward in. I mean, Hayward? Hayward? Hayward. Hayward. Oh, her name is Hayward. Well, there's Sue. Sue. Sue's Ann Hayward. No, I'm sorry. Yeah. Sue's Ann Hayward. Susan. Susan Hayward. And I want to live. Oh, yeah. Remember that was that true story, right? Yes, sir. That was great. All right. That's all I have. Okay. Thanks. You're welcome. See, it took about five times if we had the right name. Susan Hayward. Hey, we leave Malone. I was reading Hayward. Didn't she die from some horrible than she had like that all time was but some off of high. I don't know. Huh? Well, look it up. Look it up. Beater boy. Come on. Let's do something. Get struck. And let's not. I'll be as lazy as Eric. I mean, is Josh Friedman. I don't know if he used those words. Something like that. I can't say the word on ear because then jico right now the column. 19. 10 to 10 at five, 60, WCM. What's the schedule look like today? Oh, it looks pretty interesting. The mad dog at one while that's the same stuff. Hank in Louisville. It's Durby Week. Friday will be talking to Dave Johnson. I'm sure. You know, he's one of ours. Huh? Ready? I broadcast there. Radio guy. Alzheimer's. Dave Johnson has Alzheimer's. Maybe he'll forget to call us on Friday. Susan Hayward. Oh, Susan Hayward has Alzheimer's. He's a Hayward. Hank Goldberg and Louisville, Durby three to seven to seven on Hurricane Hotline at seven. Oh, which is a pretty terminal. Oh, and in eight o'clock, if the first hour didn't put you into coma, Joseph acceate tonight. Marlon's on deck at nine. Marlon's at Arizona. Try to do better than last night. 9. 35. They're last seven or one last night. It can't do the baseball game. And Mark Eisenberg does it solo. Between two and six tomorrow. I'm sure he's got plenty of practice. Isn't he married Mark Eisenberg? Yes, indeed. He's probably still doing it solo with child. With a child, no less. Oh, my God. Are you kidding me? No. A guy like that is reproducing. No wonder the world's going to hell in a hand nasty. I'm telling you, Guy, that's reproducing an S.F. Cohen. He's reproducing his great food in the second broder location. Was that clever or what? No. It was kind of clever. I like I give it about a two on a scale 80. I give it about five on a scale. Not third man. Pizza lock just keeps getting better and better. And like I said, now a second location. The same great delicious fresh Italian goodies and the same low prices and the same big, gigantic portions. They give you enough food for like three people. In fact, I have some people in there going more for a discount and I'm on a share. But at any rate, every Monday at the pizza lock is Lasagna night, every Tuesday's egg plant night. I want to be dinner's on these nice get the second one for only five bucks. Wednesday, kids eat free with adult sick and see Jeff St. Miss Medician. Thursday is night at the loft come on a motorcycle by one dinner. Get the second one for a price. And of course, the combination didn't give you a chance to travel a little bit of this and a lot of that chicken and meal and seafood. Three different kinds of great pizza. Those amazing garlic rolls just dripping with garlic. Calzone super sums and lots more Jeff has it all for it. The pizza lock, the original brow location is on university drive right behind Perwen imports kitty corn. The arm of the local cafe at, uh, where is it between Griffin and 595 on university? That's what I just said. Lots of reparking for take up for delivering her catering call 954 9168880 9168880. And the other pizza lock the newest one. I was in plantation out by me in my neck of the woods. Corner Navajo and sunrise right behind the prestigious Walgreens call 954 38299 38299 and it doesn't get no better than the world famous pizza lock. My life and look this is 43056. You will do a yeah. It's almost over. My statue and pictures went away. Look how long time to make those toy on me. It's almost over. I'll have a chat to and friends by me. The press day of me. Unless I'm already dead. They will know. They will know. Boy this floor. Boy this floor. But like I said, I don't want to live here no more. I can move through the dirty shore. Maybe sell and wait door to door or open a rock store. Maybe get a hotman to catch. My friend who sent him to have. Get some right for trim off the fact. I think I like that. It's almost over. They killed all my handsome love alive. They were good looking man. You got to say that. It's almost over. I don't need all my nine feet. I can't find you. You know, you're walking like the camera. Get it. That's better. Maybe it was forks on. I love this. I better read it during the next break to make sure that this is an actionable. It was about Miss Drog. Okay. What a bunch of Drogery. This is great. Anyway, and why did you send me that thing about our good friend? Okay. I'm going to say not. That interest did okay. I didn't want to say that. I didn't want to say that. Not interested. Let's see. Here's what it says. Neal about a half a concede. They do all performance in a great. The Santine was amazing. I'd say just anybody who saw the big clock. Wasn't that with Bud Coyer? That was beat to luck. Oh. God Coyer who played Superman on radio dummy. You better get with it. You're really stuck in fructive sent me. Facts is that you know I don't want. And now you don't know who Bud Coyer is. Hope it was also on to tell the truth. Anybody who saw the big clock would be knocked out with Charles Lawton's villain and played it against Ray Malan. See this is the big clock. Okay. I'll see if I can find it. Okay. 5670560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line an amazing. What is this website here? Teabog with 2G's Teabog.blogspot.com. An excellent weblog. It says. Now here's some shocking stuff about misdraught. And anyway 5670560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Who was the best all time performance in the movie by an actress we're due to. Yesterday we did the actors and of course Jack Nicholson and Kukusness one in Marlon Brando. He made a very respectable really tough second in the godfather. You can act like a man. What you like to do that to Josh Greeman and watch just about 20 pounds of ugly silly leak going flying off against the wall. You were making some really cost to comments about him. Oh look at this the A-Rod Central website. List the following road hotels for the next stranger. Whoa. So you can go out of Milton Hotel. I'll bring your pardon. You're going to go cop on him. That's it. It's going to be. It's good whatever. I don't know the capacity of the sky dome but it's going to be a sellout crack as they still think it's for a bucket piece. And they didn't do it to piss anybody off. They did it to try to get. I mean they've actually been drawn 17,000 a game for Kansas City which is not that bad. Because there are tenants here has been dwindling in recent years. But you know the weather is beautiful. The dome will be open. Oh the dome will be open. It makes it. It makes it even worse. God willing. It knows what'll be floating in their payroll. Yeah. And there will be like 45,000 fans in there. And I'm sure a lot of them will want autograph to pay right. Oh no. No. With their pan. Oh my god. That's right. They might have had their pin in their. Right. Come on. Idiot. He is. Here's a good one. What about Liz Taylor and who's afraid of Virginia Woolf? That is absolutely correct. That may have been her best performance. You say that? Absolutely. Liz Taylor. And who's afraid of Virginia Woolf? I'm just going to write who's afraid because I'm kind of. I don't have the luxury of all the spare time to write crap down like you guys do. Okay. Also what about Audrey Hepburn and my fair lady. Audrey Hepburn was in my fair lady. I thought that was Julie Andrews. I never saw it. Audrey Hepburn was in my fair lady. I guess. What do you mean you get? And what about Mohour David it in cinematics as he manual? So anyway. I don't know. I don't know. It says the hotel page was disabled and I was able to look at it using Google's. Cash A function cash. Can we say that cash. Cash A sounds like sachet. That's. That's. Roger. Anyway, let's go check it out. Just like that. Yeah. No. The. Who's afraid of Virginia Woolf? Catherine Hepburn was in my fair lady. Audrey. She's a. Hey, we're. Are we putting what I put in that down there? In fact, Audrey Hepburn should be in there for. Uh, what was the rate movie without the. Happy. Come on real quick. Funny face. Nah, that's funny face. The great Audrey Hepburn movie. Come on. You got me. Are you out of your mind? What's wrong with you? Somebody will call him. Let's hope. They will trust me when I tell you. And I'll know it is the moment that they blew it out. Ah. They wrote it. Audrey Hepburn. Yeah. She was overrated in her looks, but she was a good actress. WCU I am. Can I am hello? Yes, sir. Me? Is that you? It sounds like me. Yes. I usually use the hair like I'm a little fuzzy stand when you picked up. I didn't hear you. Now we're trying to eliminate that. So we really catch off guard. Uh, you certainly did. Uh, I have one for your poll. Okay. Here in breathless. Richard gear. In breathless. There's you know movie breathless. The best all-time performance by an actress, Richard gear. Like I said, Richard gear in breathless. Uh, okay. I think I got that probably peted as durable one time too many last night. And affected his mind. Audrey Hepburn in breakfast at Tiffany's. Never sight. See it came to me right there. Breakfast at Tiffany's. Get that on there. That was her definitive movie. The way it was for more I'm sitting. I could be wrong. Think I'm wrong. I don't know. Well, you never saw it. So what tell you know? 560505060 on the AT&T. And what about Grace Kelly? What about her? Grace Kelly in how about two love, which was a corny movie or how about in rear window? I like rear window a lot. Let's put rear window for Grace Kelly. A lot of people like Grace's. Right. Don't rear window. How come Jimmy Stewart was not our poll yesterday for mail actors? And you want to know the reason why? Why? Because he didn't deserve the big. Okay. Talk about overrated. I mean Jimmy Stewart was always Jimmy's story. I was the same. And he was very good in rear window. That was a great movie. I tell you Raymond Burwis good. And there, too, even though his role wasn't that huge. She was pretty good. I mean Raymond Burwis good. Well, this guy's going to call Richard gear or whatever he's calling him. Because he likes his partner at animals. At least we know about Raymond Burwis. She was something else. 567. In fact, he used to come old Aaron ass. WQAM. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Hey, how's it going? It's going pretty good. Actually, how about a dummy more in GIG? What do you say George? I never saw it, but this must be a joke. No, it was joke. She played a joke. He did okay. Did GIG? Not bad. We're putting it on your man. Just a piss George off. Thank you. What do you mean it's a joke? Why do you say that? That's never saw it. I never saw it either. But if it's just because it's called or says it. You see, it's so skeptical about the colors. I can't imagine why. Yeah. I mean, Debbie Moore. I mean, I never took her like a serious actress. Why not? Just cause. Well, how do you know? I've been her in her way. Things. She's just whatever. Just like you don't think Aubrey Heppard was a good actress. I think you're whole crap. How do you like that? Okay. I didn't say that. But whatever. You thought she was overrated. And I'm telling you she was not overrated. She was outstanding. Now, speaking of Aubrey Winder, what about some of the other hitchcock movies? And how about Kippy Hadron and the birds? Okay. There you go. I agree. See, if you start thinking in categories, then they start a flood of names starts pouring out. And you open up the window and a flood of birds come and spline in. That was good. I mean, you know, by today's standards, a lot of people will criticize that movie because the special effects were pretty primitive, you know? But by those standards, I have to get the book up. What year was that? Ah, 62. I don't know. Oh, this book, there's book, don't weigh 163. That was loose. 63? You got that fast? Yeah, he's on there. He's on the IMDB or something. Oh, brother, he is on top of it. Bird, which one Eastwood? Bird on a wire? Well, bird on a wire was good. Except for the fact that Mel Gibson was in it. And Goli Han, Bird on a wire, remember that? Yeah. Bird met a Velka Tras with Bird Line Castor? The Bird Cage? Oh, that's, so what's his name's favorite, isn't it? Right. Mo, Robin went to Bird Cage in the Fagodorn. That's his whole life. In fact, I understood the reason that Mo wasn't in a day. I understood he had a hot date last night with Rickson, and Tormony, where each other out. The Bird's here at his 1963 was to be Edron Rob Taylor. I forgot the rod that was in memory. And he was a good actor, but not a star actor. He was always had like a secondary role. He was good. I like Rod. Suzanne Plashette. Jessica Tandy, Ruth McDavid, and a bunch of other people we never heard of. So the bird's is coming. The advanced post is twittered ungramatically, but with justifiable excitement. With death dropping, dropping, dropping, dropping, dropping, blandly out of a clear sky. It's menace magnified into a apocalypse from the crop dusting scene in North by North West. This is Hitchcock at his best it says. Full of subterranean henses to the ways in which people cage each other. It's fierce and Freudian as well as great cinematic fun with ample fodder for the Amateur psychologists following up on Hitches' virtuous involvement with his leading ladies. Yeah, he said she was a little tipsy. Now, she was one of the first ones that came out and said he was like pung all over all the leading ladies and all his movement. We've very demanding he wanted it. Oh, that. Huh? He wanted it all. Well, if you look like that, I wanted it. That was a thing. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, the pound five, six, so we got tippy every than for the birds. I mean, what about North by North West? Who was in that? Was that Grace Kelly? No, was it? No. I just saw that a couple weeks ago. Kary Grant and who? God, I haven't seen it like 20 years. That's it. She'll get on there. Who haven't had a watch? We'll get into what? Just realized we got a long way to go. We got four hours today to chew on this and mull on it and spit on it. He was a great saint. Even where he's saint, she was also an underwater. She was a great actress. Even where he's saint for North by North West. Huh? Okay. And how come Kary Grant was not our list yesterday? He certainly had to be in movies that slipped our mind. And you know who else was, not in there? Who were you in Holden? tragic. North by North West. Hans is where him Holden was. So one of the all-time great actors. So I guess they couldn't put him down for network. Because he was over. I thought he was over. He was great in there, but he was overshadowed by Peter French. I'll write. Thank you. When you. 957 at 560 WQM. If your pool is looking crappy man, if it's state, if it's dirty, if it's cracking, if it's a pile of crap, if you don't want to hop into it because it's in such bad shape, do yourself a big favor. Just take one last look at that mess. No mull, ugly pool. And call our good pyzons at Atlantic Marseille. These aren't just a couple of pool guys, but drive around town and beat up old pickup truck and tend to be pool experts. This is a real honest, goodness construction company. At Atlantic Marseille, they used full time employees, not subcontractors, and they specialize in the most incredible innovation at the pool business in a cool stage. Diamond Bright. Atlantic Marseille's been pouring on for 12 years. Their license, their insured professionals, they even train other companies internationally all over the world, how to do diamond breading. And they'll give you the same price to give the lowest contractors. At Atlantic Marseille does jobs in North Miami, Browdon, Palm Beach County, so give them a call. They're the largest installers of diamond bright anywhere in town. They'll come out to you with no obligation. They'll be happy to give you a free estimate. They'll also do a super job of pool and decorations custom lighting pool heating and exotic and erotic water features to for the best called Atlantic Marseille toll free 1-800-558-8883. That's 1-800-558-8883. Diamond Bright do it right because Diamond Bright as well as tell you is a pool's best friend. Diamond Bright do it right. Diamond Bright do it right. Diamond Bright do it right. Diamond Bright do it right. Diamond Bright do it right. Diamond Bright do it right. Diamond Bright do it right. Diamond Bright do it right. Diamond Bright do it right. Diamond Bright do it right. Diamond Bright do it right. Diamond Bright do it right. Diamond Bright do it right. Diamond Bright do it right. Diamond Bright do it right. Diamond Bright do it right. Diamond Bright do it right. Diamond Bright do something here. Diamond Bright let the turtles sit and check them there by itself. The sharks deck that the habitat library does. Diamond Bright dark Spine donde beach Upper sea.ப Death Count Remembering the dreams of attraction in here. This is me. This is the way from my victim to the kitchen. When your love life is still there's no need to stop by. Just head down to the pet shop or another. I never love her. Come on and do it all. Richa, here. Richa, here. Richa, here. Richa, here. Richa, here. Richa, here. Everyone knows, and they're in good job alone. Everyone knows, and they're in good job alone. Hello to this is a great facts about Miss Grudge and about how he's in a pocket of Richard Melonscape and all the other good stuff. Interesting. Fascinating. Amit? Yeah. Rhybiting. Anyway, we'll save it for a little bit later on. Here's Richa, here's Richa, here. He says he's right. He says I know you think she's in need of most bitch, but Merle's Streep. I do think she's in need of most bitch. But I never said she wasn't a good actress. Right? Did I? Nope. She's in need of most bitch. Who happens to be a good actress? That's all I would say. Oh, right. So he's Jewish. You got it down? Yeah. Kathleen Turner and body heat. Okay. Richa also says I'm not the subject. Check out William Grider's column rolling back to 20th century on www.thination.com. It's too long to flex it, but it's a clear view what's going on. Okay. I'll put that over there and I'll check it out. What a dog. Probably it says here most of your audience never saw the movie, but Hillary Swank was terrific as Brendan Tina in voice. Don't cry. That's what everybody says. Why did she see them? Were we that the one where she played the boy? Right. Or she played a girl who wanted to be a boy. Well, that's what I mean. Yeah. She dressed up like a boy. I saw that. I also saw the documentary about her life in Hillary. Not only looked so much like her slash him when she spoke. You couldn't tell which one was the real Brendan Tina, which one was an actress playing the part. She did when he asked her that year and deserved it. Well, let's put her down there. Brendan Tina. Boys don't cry. What are you laughing about? Can we put Hillary Swank down instead? Oh, I'm sorry. Well, what do we put the Jack. Richard. Hillary Swank. I rather put down Brendan Tina. That's does sound like a fake name. Hillary Swank. Swank. Grimes with wink. I just don't know. Doesn't it? Well, why is? Well, she wanted to be a boy. You can't be a boy without a wink. A wanker. Okay, boys don't cry. We got it. Sorry. I didn't see the movie. Okay. In fact, it was out again just recently, but it wasn't good enough to watch the second time. Was it good enough to watch once? Yes. Okay. It was cute. I mean, you're a little bit more like Ralph Machio. See, I saw the documentary, but not the movie. You heard what I just said. Ralph Machio. See, that's who she looked like. I find him burying, knowing. And he still looks the same. Right. He's 70. He does. He's 72 years old. Just like Robbie Benson and they both still look the same. Like when they were 15. He has a wife, you know, Ralph Machio. He got married when he's about three. He's, you know, he just got take-cast and those stupid karate movies. Who was the older Chinese guy? Oh, uh, come here. Come here, don't have read it. Who? Paparita. Paparita, yeah. I mean, enough of the kung fu, you know, in fact, after I saw about the 30th one. But third man. That's what I wanted to say every time I saw kung fu or something that sounded like that. Kathleen Turner, a trainer body heaps. She co-starred wood and hurt me stunning, central performances. Jerry and Vanita Spring. Thank you, Jerry. You know, right? Yeah. He's right. He's right. He's right. He's right. I've never saw it. Everyone raves about it. Really? Yeah. Well, let's put it down. Let's not be too, uh, you know, picky here. Whatever they say, give it a shot. Just like Robert Duval said in network. Why not give it a shot? Remember that? Mm-hm. When we're having that lunch. And Nelson stood up and said, I don't fancy myself present of a horror network. And he said, your indignation has been duly Nelson noted. Nelson, you can always reside in our house. Now sit down. Remember that? Yep. How do I remember this crap? Why do I remember it? See, wouldn't it be great if our minds would be selective about the thing I remember? She's, I mean, like, careless volato with Joe Marjoune and a little Tonyan. What? That's taking up valuable space in your brain. Right. Floyd Venable Jr. And, uh, Leroy P. Remember that asshole? I grew up with Leroy P. Where are these people come from? I saw the word as some of you come from. Did you see Lee Roy P? Right. I was trying to look the other way. Ingrid Bergman and Estasia. What was the great movie she was in, Jonah Hark? Yeah. Yeah. Well, which one? I mean, we can put it down for more than one. We did that several with several actors yesterday. Why not? Ingrid Bergman, who's baby, she haven't this week? Mm-hm. And now, I liked to read Bergman. She was a little bush, though, don't you? She had huge hands. She could pull them apart. Oh, well, she could just turn you inside out. I guarantee you that. Yeah, for the word. Ingrid Bergman for Anastasia and Ingrid Bergman for Jonah Hark. Got it? Got it. And doesn't have to. And to see. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, no. Ha ha. Not good. Ooh. Sorry. Not good. Sounds like I'm seeing stars. Ah. Ah. I'm blowing right to her to hotel. We're, uh, we're what's the name stand? Pay ride. Jane Find and the Chinas Syndrome. Okay. We want to put that down. It was a hundred years ago. I don't remember it being, uh, you know, all that, but whatever. Well, let's put her down. Good old Hanoy Jane. Chinas Syndrome. Jane Find. I told him we've been having a long list today. Did Naya sit my 100 times more than we had yesterday. Or at least. I'm good, man. More than we had on the actors. Well, I don't know. Well, speaking of females, you know, the feature story we have in our website about the Ashley News. Yes. Well, wouldn't you know. NBC's Banfield chided over criticisms. NBC News President Neil Shapiro has taken course upon nicely Banfield to the wood shed, for a speech in which he criticized the networks for portraying the Iraqi war as glorious and wonderful. And she was... Absolutely correct. Right on target. Banfield deliver her marks Thursday at Kansas State University. She and we both agree that she didn't intend to demean the work of her colleagues, and she will choose her words more carefully in the future. NBC spokeswoman said Monday, proving that in America you can never tell the truth you can never say what's really on your mind without being given a bunch of crap for it. And she'll probably get canned pretty soon. Other sources inside NBC said Banfield promised an effect not to do it again, and check her facts before making public statements in the future. She had criticized NBC in the speech for closing its bureau in Kabul, Afghanistan. The statement that Network said was untrue. As if that was really all it important. This is a Shapiro balled her out for what we're perceived as criticisms over the war, coverage of all the networks including NBC and NBC. In her speech, Banfield said that Network said portray the Iraqi war as glorious and wonderful because they had failed to show the bloody horrors of the battles, and she was absolutely on target. There was no indication whether Shapiro was upset over the entire speech. Banfield also lambasted Fox News, Tana and NBC talk show host Michael Samage, or just the elements that were critical of the Network's war coverage. Speaking of Michael Savage, my mother, the other day, of course, you know what a brilliant political angle she is. She was trying to tell me last week about some new guy on MSNBC that she really likes. Yeah. And she says to me, yes, yes, yes, yes to that, Coder. I think his name is Michael Samage. I said, he's a right wing lunatic, Ma. Oh, I didn't know that. I mean, why bother, you know? NBC and Saad are said few people for Banfield's comments. Seriously, because of her lack of experience, she is largely working for MSNBC these days, and her prime time show on that work failed last summer. I don't think people took to actually banfield, the set the standards of journalism on person said about the reactants of the Department. People were sort of rolling their eyes. Well, too bad, because she at least ended the balls until it like it was. Reporters of Returns from the Rack of Defended Network's lack of blood and guts video saying it was impossible to fill much of it because of logistical reasons. They also noted that embedded reporters didn't see action much of the time in a rack. Right. How is it that everybody else got those photos, huh? Must have just been the American journalist who couldn't get the information and get those pictures. Boy. Well, anyway, we didn't have a son on our website today, but she's taking crap because she had the audacity to tell what luck it is and was right on target. Let's go and actually, you can lose those stupid glasses by the way, bitch. Looks ridiculous. Best actress nominations and Margaret is Kim McAfee. And bye-bye, birdie. Never saw it. She'd have a Vera as Rosie D'Leon and bye-bye, birdie. And Paul Lin, there's Mr. McAfee. Bye-bye, birdie. Here's what it says. Harry Swank, boys don't cry. What an Oscar, we just put that down. Francis McDormand Fargo. Yeah. Really? You should see Fargo, you'd like it. It's not a story, even though it says it is, but it's just a good movie. What's it, Aban? Murder Kidnapping, kind of a thing in North Dakota. It's kind of funny. It's kind of funny. It sounds hysterical. Yeah, it's a riot. Jody Foster and No. Yeah. She got nominated or got an Oscar or something for that. Wasn't it like a retired movie? Yeah. Well, she wasn't retarded. She just learned to talk funny from her. She had a cracker, mom, or grandma that had had a stroke. And couldn't talk right, so she grew up talking that way. What about Jody Foster in the silence of lamb? Dr. Wester. Dr. Wester. Really bad performance. Right. Where'd I put that one down? Oh, Katherine Hepburn in the African Queen already wrote it. Do you did? Yeah. This is from Mike Oxelong, who's now become Hugh G. Brexon. Right. Goats at me as facts as any more I told you, but you won't listen to me. I'll keep forgetting which ones. I thought he listened to the gestions. He does. He just took chronic. He's out of control. But he this is a good one though. Thank Mike. Thanks. Mike. Hugh, Katherine Hepburn in the African Queen. I think I'm getting a sore throat. Uh oh. See here it? I think Payrod probably bought some other kind of disease to town if he acts me just to get even with everybody else. Sounds like an upper respiratory thing to me, huh? No. Huh? Uh huh. 560560, Tom 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Columbus pasted a QIM. With Mother's Day just around the corner, why ask you this question is, that guest bed ready? No. Well, hey! If the old bed in the other room is sagging, lumpy you're just worn out. You need to pick up the phone and call our friends at Dollar Matarys 1 800 mantras because they've got the best in the universe to complete line a sirse urtas sily king coil and Simmons to choose from. We sure'll want mom sleeping on some crappy or lumpy mackers because you'll never stop bitching about it for the rest of your life. Don't put it off any longer, Dollar Matarys is the place to call because they are the best in the world. Nothing is at a bigger impact than the way you feel everyday. in a great night's sleep. Unless of course you got some kind of a respiratory problem. I've called about 800 mattress many a time. It's the easiest in the smartest way to buy a mattress. They got more repeatable for all customers than anybody because they know how to treat their customers' right. Once you buy a mattress from the bottom of the phone, you will never waste your time and gas and harder and cash shopping in those over-prior rooms again. And when you buy a mattress from the bottom of the mattress, they set up the new and take away your crappy old nasty, stained, soiled, smelly, suede your mattress for free. That's right. The mattress sets up the new and takes away the crappy old bedding for free. So have a mother's day, mommy sleeping like a baby on her brand new bed from dollar mattress, she can be laying on her watch in Michael Savage and MSNBC. Call 1-800-MATTRES. That's 1-800 mattress. The easy the smart way to get you and mom a great new bed for mother's day or any time. Don't have a penis. I've never had one. I swear. You're in government needs to cooperate with the United States and our coalition partners and not harbor any terrorist groups. See we up here by bush girls and small eyes. The welcome ain't the righty and size. The one I've been to back that in one day. You've been things different in a way. If you don't stop, ordering to every reason, if you don't stop, our troops will be up here. Enter us, please, to avoid over where it's done, where it's done. Try to think about times to come and defend all the things that you've done. Listen to one from America's telling you, we might have to jump a lot more to your neck don't stop. I'm trying to get you out of here. Enter us, please, to avoid over where it's done, where it's done. That's traffic and weather. I'm Mark Morgan on Sports Radio 560 Q-8M. Oh brother. He was in good form today, I'll tell you. Q-8M. Get that man some kale pectaid, okay? 1060 in 560 WQM. What was the best all-time performance in movie by an actresses? Is our pull-cross today receiving a spectacular response? I'm shocked. Cathy bates in misery. Betty Davis, whatever happened to baby Jane, Sally Field and Sybil, paid them away and networked, paid them away in the mommy dearest. Vivian Lee gone with the wind, Glenn closed fatal attraction, Susan Hayward, I want to live. Was that Rita? Eddie White. Was that Eddie Hayward? Saw some of her breeze? I'm Decker Records. That's for Boca Brimes, I'm sure he's listening. Susan Hayward, I want to live. Liz Taylor, who's afraid of the Virginia Woolf? Audrey Hepburn, breakfast at Tiffany's. Why don't you like Audrey Hepburn? I did raise Kelly Rear window, the me more G.I. Jane, Tippy Hedron the birds, even more East Saint, North by Northwest, Kathleen Turner, Bonnie Heat, Meryl Streep, Sophie's choice, Hillary Swank, boys don't cry. Was it Hillary Swanker? Was it Brendan Bettina? It was Hillary's? Wank, Hillary's Wank? Jessica Tandy, driving Miss Daisy, gravity crazy, Ingrid Bergman, Anastasia. Ingrid Bergman, Joan of Arc, Jane Fonda, the Chinasindrom, Francis McDormand, Fargo, Zodie Foster, and Nell, and Catherine Hepburn, the African Queen. That's what we got so far, and long way to go. 11 o'clock will put it up on a thing, okay? If we got doubles on here, can I add one? Another one? Another one we already have on here? Why not? Because I thought Vivian Lee's performance in, No, why can't I think of that title? Marley Brando, Streep Harning Desire. Oh, as Wayne. Streep Harning Desire, good choice. She had a little problem. You can't have a few. Okay, that's a good one. Vivian Lee's secret name Desire. Boy, I've told you there was an endless number of these, and I see that before the show. Yeah, you did something like that. So look at a whole bunch of names today. I've heard him, man. Sigourney Weaver and Alien, why are they obsessed with that? That was a great acting performance. I mean, he liked watching it, but that, I mean, we could put down Brook Shields and what that was that flick? Blue, the blue, the blue, the blue, the blue, we could put that on there, or a paradise and what's its name, Vivian. VVKates. Catherine Harris Citizen Bush. That's cute. Yeah. Why do they all have to be comedians? Are they funny? No, are they amusing? Catherine Hepburn and Rooster Cogburn. Okay. How do we leave off what's his name yesterday? Shane. Brandon Newildo and Shane. Did you mention him? I mentioned him for all fall down with the Carl Muldon. Kianas Mas macho, Carl Muldon or Ken Muldon. How's Ken doing? He's funny. Good. I don't Ken. Was he not there? I don't know. Well, I don't know. That's hard for me to tell because you don't tell me nothing. All you told me was just reading was his biggest house. I thought you said he bought a house, then it turned out he was his biggest house. WQAM. 255, and then whatever that movie where he played all lady. Who was it? Disally Tyson. I can't remember the name of the movie. Sissy Tyson. Fissally. Yeah. There she played a movie where he called her purple. No, no, no. There was the name of a lady, but she played her all the way from one to as like 20 up to where she was 105 or something. Hillary Swank. Grandma Moses. Someone will come up with a picture. Somebody will not. Okay. Thanks. Thanks for giving us a little bit of a start. There you go. Sissy Tyson. Two lips for Tullio. I don't know. I don't think I've ever seen a movie with Sissy Tyson of you. Nope. How about in the great Santini, what's your name that played the wife? She's a great actor. Oh, she's a white thinner. Yeah. Doesn't she in that or am I a dream? I don't know. I don't know from the light. And she's the mother of. I don't know. I used to know this. Queen of Spaltro. No, I don't know. What are them? I don't know from Blife. For your shirt, you're a Blife, the Anna was in. Santini, she played the Robert Duval's wife. She was great with that the dripping Southern accent of hers. Are we sticking around there? Who? Blife? No. I mean, she was very good, but that would be like putting Mama Corleoni on there. You know, she was good too. What was her name? Come on. You can do it today. Mama Corleoni. In fact, don't we have that? No. Yeah, we have the two. We used to have it, but we don't have that anymore. But it could have been. It was on a card somewhere. I'll never make it too much drugs. I've been it. She was a great actress too. I can't think of her name. Mama Corleoni started. I'll have to look it up. I mean, not that she had that bigger reward than her. We want to saw her in the kitchen. Where's where I was the tiny woman. She spent all of their time. And the kitchen has taken. And at the table. In the sack. The golden seal. The goddess. The goddess. There you go. Um. She's not on here. How can that be? They don't list her. They got, well, they've only got. I mean, let's face it. It's a movie that had 500 stars. I mean, let's face it. It's a movie that had 500 stars. We got the godfather. Let's see over here. Have you heard? We got the godfather like a sea of bokeh in here. Okay. I mean, as soon as you say that it'll be. Well, both be so embarrassed. Oh, I know. Which is just quit. Nina Simone. Who? Now I'm just kidding. But in fact, Nina Simone just died here a couple of days ago. That's why that name came to my mind. The great casting and Nina Simone. She died. Right. Morgana King. Who? Morgana King. What I said. Did I say that? No. I said Larry King. Morgana King. I'm so sorry. She was great. Not that I'm not that we're putting her down. Because she had a very small role. But she was great. Lee Remick. The days of wine and roses. I'm actually rem it. I like Remick. Never saw that movie done. Well, put it down. How about? Oh, I'm telling you. Why did I say that? That there were going to be so few. I don't know why I said that. There's so many. In that horror movie. Angie Dickinson. What the was the name of that movie? Dr. Shee. Dressed a kill. You don't think? Sure. Of course, she got killed off early early in the movie. But I still think she was outstanding. Dressed a kill. Angie Dickinson. And how come we never put him on yesterday? Either Michael King did we put him on for anything? Oh, that's a shame. That's not right. Let's renew the one from yesterday. What do you say? A rash bad. The man who would be king was the one that I was trying to think of yesterday. With him. The man who would be queen. Yeah. Good movie. With who? Him and Sean Connery. And it takes place in Afghanistan or Uzbekistan or somewhere like that. I was thinking of that. Fag movie he was in with Christopher Reeve. And it's only 10.25. We're going to have a list of about 500 here before we get done. We might have to carry this over for weeks. And who I thought, well, I don't know. We probably won't get more than a couple. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon. More of this line, WDQAM. Neil, you're missing one of the winners. Okay. Yeah, I'm not up to those rocks in hell. What we said that yesterday, Linda Blair. Yeah, let's get around there. Right away. All right. Thanks. See, Sturgeon will surely there. And Susan said, okay. Let's get right. Okay. Well, he was right. We mentioned that yesterday. I just forgot about it. We got so many other ones going on here. That was, in fact, didn't you, you need to hear me from me. He said, nah, that was like, It was a head turn around. I'll say that. You said, TURN. That's the TURN. Yeah. What are you talking about? Huh? You said, deterred. 560, 050, 50, 50. He's a little off his feet today. Just ignore George, please. More than usual. 11 o'clock will put the poll up there for you. And not, not, not like three minutes after 11. Not like 1115. Not like 1059, 22. 11 o'clock. We'll open up the poll. Let the general public vote on this thing. Because it is highly important. And a lot of people are chopping up the bit. And they want to do it and get it overwards. So they can get out with their busy lives and try to find something to do. 1026 at 560, qa m. We're sports radio 560. You a m. Are they're dick in the White House? You've tried those other breakfast cereals that claim to be all natural. Now, get the real thing. Introducing cow logs, sugar plops, to bring you all natural fiber rich goodness cow logs when straight to the farm. Lightly toasted what we found. Then sweetened it. So next time you're shopping. Don't just reach for any breakfast cereal, which for the all natural cow lawn sugar plops. It's like nothing you've ever tasted for breakfast. We... Hee hee. Garanty it. 1035, 60 WQM. We got a gigantic oozing large listing. I speak at a numbers and the lists. How's muffin with those numbers? No, no, no. No news yet. See, if we have to rely on him because it's always well, I don't know how to do that program or my computer won't do it or like, you know, I got another headache, whatever it is. But many bell when that little trip comes right in there. Then we get the real stuff. You know, with muff we're just like, you know, for play. Well, when any bell comes charging to you there, then you got the real crap. Here's an article I want to read a little bedtime story before we get back to our survey. Since we've already got 700 names on it. On victory and bragging rights by Rosam or Ria Pigueros. You know, Rosa? No. Roll roses in associate professor in the Department of History and Women's Studies program at the University of Rhode Island. Now, there was an article in New York Times by Tom Friedman on Sunday. Once in a wild Tom Friedman right something that makes sense, but most of the time I would say he's an asshole. And evidently Rosa agrees. And it was not on our website. Did you notice that Carlos? The Tom Friedman column was not on the website. God's Satan. No, the meaning of a skull. All right. The meaning of a skull Tom Friedman's New York Times column Sunday morning draws our attention to a photo that a pair and his dues pay for originally of an Iraqi honest knees weeping over the skull of his son, a political prisoner. The son was one of thousands killed by Sodom Hussein whose bodies were dumped in that site. That's his Friedman is all the justification he needs for the West going to war. He can understand why those of us who refuse to celebrate feel as we do. Friedman's speculation about the reason for our reluctance are probably right, but the most obvious reason that a small percentage of Americans, including me, won't rejoice is this. The last time I saw pictures of people digging out of the mutilated bodies of the victims of an unjust war, the bodies were Guatemala and the bullets were American. And the time before that the bodies were Nick Haragwin and the bullets were American, used by the CIA support of confers. And the time before that they were Salvadoran, guess where the bullets came from. For the sake of stability in the Western Hemisphere, the US was willing and they eager to supply the arms, needed by tinhorn dictators to pacify their citizens. It isn't just that our hands aren't clean or that we aren't pure enough, but that the United States is actively engaged in covert activities, the overthrow of leaders who didn't suit us, and the state terrorism against their citizens. We have a frightening record of killing and terror that most of us prefer to forget. 80% of the American people may be willing to overlook the government's lies about weapons of mass destruction, even if they find any evidence of WMV, the invasion rests on a big lie. Secretary of State Powell, a man I once respected, still before the United Nations, and said that the United States has had incontrovertural evidence of Sodom's possession of WMV, what Bush Powell and Rummy had was a hunch. Not enough to convince our neighbors or our longstanding allies, but enough to roll over for any objections, waste lives of mercen soldiers and erected civilians in win the war. Periodically, Rumsfeld declares that this time, they found the evidence only to back down when approved to be something else. They will not even allow Hans Blitz and U.S. weapons inspectors to search with the American troops of the WMVs. They said they don't need them. Could it be more obvious that the one thing they don't need is someone with worldwide respect and authority to expose them when they plant the evidence? United States is the most powerful country in the history of the world. Julius Caesar and Alexander the Great would duel at the weaponry at our disposal, but the greatness of a country doesn't come from how many weapons it has. For all the boasting about the liberties that our soldiers were ostensibly defending, allies that disagreed with us have been pilloried and faced tenative sanctions. U.S. citizens who protested to the war are savage by their fellow citizens. We can ignore the fact that the Bush administration lied so if we go ahead with the invasion of Iraq, we can ignore the history that the United States has supporting dictators of killer own people including Sodom Hussein, we can ignore the immoral sales of weapons that boost U.S. economy, and we're used to keep people of other countries down by their own governments. We can ignore the fact that most of our reservists were working-class people who joined to reserve to have a cushion of security for their families. Some of these brave soldiers will want they be veterans, some of them so damaged mentally or physically that they'll need our support, and that the Bush administration is already cutting services for veterans even as he hands out prayers for their recovery. Pairs are cheap and soothing words, but don't pay the rehab bills, Mr. President. We can ignore the irregularities of the 2000 presidential election that brought his president to power, going back in our history we can ignore the genocide of Native Americans and theft of their lands. This Patriots is immersed on ignorance? For more ice-danned, it looks like the hypocrisy is hip-deep in rising. Can it be that the freedoms guaranteed by the Bill of Rights rest on a fragile issue of lies? What are the real choices in American has in the situation? I refuse to accept that this hypocrisy is at the core of our freedoms. It may be enough for Tom Friedman, but it's not enough for me. If we can ignore all of those things we can sleep in these easy conscience, George W. Bush does, but we better stop cracking to the rest of the world about our freedoms. Rights rosemary of Higwaris and associate professor in Department of History won't say, Are you the University of Rhode Island? You go vertically, I'll throw those up. I said, you go, girl. You go, girl, friend. That's what we say. Oh, in a chemical fine, remember that? Chemical fine, it's on our way so it may be rocket fuel. Let's play Elton John and Rocket Man. A metal drum fund and Iraq initially tested positive for a nerve agent could, in fact, contain rocket fuel, USS British said. Two mobile chemical laboratories found nearby might also have been used for mixing the fuel and not making band weapons. The chief chemical weapons officer, the fourth infantry division, added. How do you like that? Initial test show that the contents of the barrel tested positive for the nerve gas, cyclocerin and blister agent that could be a precursor of mustard gas, but by design, initial test procedures favor positive readings airing on the side of caution to protect soldiers. Ah. The second team of inspectors, a specialist mobile exploitation team, suspect that it might be rocket fuel and is now returned to the set in coming days for further tests until we can plant some goods. I mean, until they know for sure. I need like that, Apple, sir. Those weapons have matched destruction and, and, this glorious freedom now that the present this week is going to say the war is officially over. Well, the Guardian UK says today, or yesterday, fighting is over, but the debt's go on. Did you see this? I guess you're right about this again. Hmm. Unesploded ordinance and landbinds, living north and a rack of colder-maint many people, many of them show them since the end of the war during the fighting Guardian investigation as revealed. In the two weeks after the cessation of hostilities on the northern front line, the British self-reliberate from government control territory, as many as 80 civilians have died more than 500 been injured. Here's another grotesque picture of a little five-year-old kid. We are facing an emergency situation said Sean Sutton of the UK based mines, advisory groupages toward naming an operation in the region, declare unexploded ordinance and mines, and don't forget about those cluster bombs. And then, of course, we had the, what was it? 15 shot and killed, right? And hundreds more injured, here it is. U.S. soldiers fire on Iraqi protesters 13 did. In Faluga, Iraq, American soldiers open fire on Iraqi protesters in the town west of Baghdad, after being shot at a U.S. officer said today, the director at the local hospital said 13 people were killed in 75 injured. The shooting took place last night in the town of Faluga, 50 kilometers west of Baghdad, 30 miles. How many miles west of Baghdad? Not 30 minutes. Colonel Arnold Bray of the 82nd Airborne Division, the west of the town of the clash, but couldn't confirm the Iraqi deaths. But Dr. Ahmed Gunneem Ali Ghanif, director of the Faluga General Hospital, said there were 13 dead including three boys under the age of 11. He said his medical crews were shot at when they went to read the injured, which he said numbered 75. Well, you know, it's part of the collateral damage. Is that what it is? Right, untidyness. Untidyness of this crap that's going on there. That's what Rummy would say. The old Krami Rummy, and the picture that other little kid is on the website. See there you go again. You can't control yourself. You can't restrain yourself. Putting those honest pictures on there. I always thought you looked a little bit like Ashley Manfield. Huh? A little bit. You know something we didn't want to let this out on here. It's like the Clark Kent thing. Since he's going to be naked tonight on the swirling. I mean, swallowing. I mean, swallowing. Nothing of the show swirling. But it's a Clark Kent rip off. You know, he takes off the glasses. He becomes beiner boy. Put it on a glasses. It becomes Ashley Manfield. That doesn't be seen. Huh? Man, what a disguise. I would say about the same press eyes. 560505060 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. The best all-time performance and emotion picture by an actress. And the winner is the award. Whatever the statue goes to. Are you going to hear? We won't be putting Joan Crawford on here. No. How about Miller? No, no, no. No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. Miller's film. How about Franklin Pierce? No, no, no, no. No, no. No, no. No. Two months over this list. WQIN. Yes, I got a couple names for you. Okay, couple. Yeah, Diane. Mr. Good Bar or Mia Fale Rosemary's baby. Okay, Mia Fale Rosemary's baby, what do you say? I like the Diane Keaton vote better. What was the movie? Looking for Mr. Good Bar? Oh, looking for Mr. Crunch Bar. Diane Keaton? How about Buster Keaton? How about Buster Crab? Buster's Crab? Hmm. He was a swimmer, right, Buster Crab? I guess. You didn't even know who that is, Buster Crab. Shame on you. He was a swimmer, pretty ugly guy, too. I should point out. 21 to 11 at 5.60 WQIN. He was no Mark Spitz, I'll tell you that. Remember Mark Spitz? No. And who was that Jewish Australian swimmer? What's his name, Rose? Rose Fulger, I think. I want to tell you what's his name? No. Why are the other stuff on these crap? Okay, stuff with all these spurious things. We've got a Brazilian name to get on here. And so, little time. Don't forget about 20 minutes. We'll get that thing up on our website and you can vote on our right at 11 o'clock. You can bet your life. You can bet Eric's life on it. That'll be up there at 11 o'clock. Wanted Carlos? Yes. Haha. Ah. Hey, my good friend, Skippy's listening. So I have my audio made yet. I just mentioned that. I'm not complaining. I'm not being too much of a snoring. I still have a little bit left. But every day I'm poppin' But every day I'm poppin' oleumid from my blood pressure and it's a miracle product. It's really good for you. Oleumid soft shells contain the finest olive oil you'll find on this planet. Not just ordinary olive oil, which you can buy in a supermarket, but super concentrated loaded with health benefits. Oleumid every day in your push can up-produce the risk of heart disease, high cholesterol, and now the good news for you is there are 14 different oleumid formulas from which to choose. Each one combining the finest olive oil with vitamins, minerals, and urbles, the support specific parts of your health from your bones, to your blood pressure, to your immune system. Just pick out the formulas that are right for you and what you need. Now there are three new oleumid formulas. One help you sleep. One to help you control at disgusting sickly weight. And sell Q10, which is Q10 for your heart. You can pick it up just about everywhere if you're a 5-odd on street corners now. So popular. Picks them up today at public's Eckerds Walgreens Whole Food Markets. Navarro's Ancedanos order online if you like oleumidamerca.com. If you want to get more info call tool free, 1-866-OrioMed. It's 1-866-653-6633. Get your oleumid day and start poppin' it in your push for better health. I am all. This is which we're going to buy sickly milk. You way, yeah. The boyoparacast. May 5th, 5th, go to my... Oh Mexican National Holiday! Constations are getting away from the cancels. I'm going to get away from the Mexico City. But who are bringing Mexico to you? That's right. Who are giving away Mexico? Real life, Mexico! I can remember. We swatling illegally in the hospital. The border in the wheel of the station back. Then we hope you want to you. Imagine your own personal Mexican. Wash your car. And your house. If you're a cry. If you think you want. Because if they don't, you'll have them deported. Not a yo-sum. Pico. Pico. When you hear this out. And wind. On Mexican. Members of this station and their families are not eligible to own Mexicans. Faving in the lawsuit of Mexicans is winners responsibility. Station assumes no liability for infectious diseases carried by Mexicans. Telepray, sickle, and myo. We your own home. Every day. We're very own Mexican people. This thing's a week. We're going to give away Bina Boy. Nobody would take him. 1044 at 5. 60 ants. Big enough. Give away. Don't forget our hot couple of contests. Go to the arroggies.com. And you can check out all the details. In fact, doesn't it start Thursday? Officially? Yes. And you can email picture of yourselves with your or a significant other or other. You have two weeks till May 15th. Any other pictures. They'll be up on a web. Photos can choose their favorite. And then on Thursday. May 22nd. A couple of the most votes wins. And we'll be doing this each month for the next three months. May June and Julio. And the grand prize. 3D tonight. Stay for two at the World Oasis. Resort and casino in the Bahamas. Including round trip. Airfare. I'm like a rare and runner up kids dinner for two at the pizza law. Maria. What? Some photos on there. But they can't see me. Right? Right. So starting Thursday, you'll be able to see the pictures we have so far. So email the pictures you never know you might be a big winner. All the best all-time performance and we'll be by an actress, raskinbeye on theoroggers.com. Kathy Bates, misery. Penny Davis, whatever, having a baby Jane Sally Field, civil, fade that away now. We're not going to read the whole list. It's take too long. Do you ever think we'd have this many? No, I did not. God. Man, oh, man. I want to clock week. I have about 500 on here. I've never dreamed in my wildest dreams. You have a little faith. Try to tell you before the show it'll be a great poll. And that is only about five or ten you said. Now what you said? Something like that. WQIM. QIM. Yes sir. What about Miss Daisy? And driving with Daisy? Who? Miss Daisy. And driving with Daisy. I forget who the actress was. Miss Daisy? And driving with Daisy. Yeah. You mean Daisy? And driving with Daisy. Yeah. You mean Jessica Tandy? Thank you very much sir. Thank you. It's on there. Thank you. It's everybody on there. How about Miss Daisy, George? Okay. Good idea. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. WQIM. Hey, hi Neil. Yes sir. How about the N Bankcroft in the Miracle worker? Uh, did we do that? I thought we just put it around there. We just put it around around the moment. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Just a happy. Okay. Thanks. She's on there. See, I should have read the later ones. The second column on my page and my sheet. Can I say sheet? For now. Don't tell Jika. I'll hear you. We're in one. Ingrid Bergman, Joan of Arc, Jane Fonda, the Chinasundrum, Francis McDormand Fargo. Jodie Foster in Nell. Catherine Hepburn, the African Queen, which I thought was the, was that five graphical about Johnny Mathes? Ha ha ha ha. Vivian Lee, Streetcar named Desire. Lee Remick. The days of line and roses. Angie Dickinson, Drest to Kill. Ingrid Bergman and Gaslight. Two N would word the three phases of E. And Bankcroft, Miracle worker. Linda Blair and the Exorcist. I'm glad that guy called an ex. We almost forgot about her, which is really, we would have been bad. After all the stuff that we've done. I mean, why do you do this to me? Yeah. Where am I? And Diane Keaton looking for Mr. Good Bar. Did I ever see that movie? I don't know. It was a part of what I'm talking about. Diane Keaton and the godfather, was she small potatoes in that movie? I wouldn't say. Why don't I? Let's stick around there. You wanna? Yeah. Where is my aunt and her daughter would say? I don't wanna. I don't wanna. Oh yeah. We got some real retards in my family. But at any rate, what am I putting on her Diane Keaton? And the godfather. Who's being naive now? Kay. It was at a bush in Michael. It was a boy. Oh brother. I wouldn't bring another one of you into the. Sorry. That was great. It was a great scene. And he just goes, ape Schmidt. You put Al Pacino for godfather? I don't think we did. No, I mean, he was on there for several other way. And then the guy, I mean, seriously, stop and think about this. So, Kay, I mean, you can't put them all on there. Why not? When somebody calls in and says, Al Pacino for the set of a woman. But now one person called in and said, Al Pacino and the godfather in any one, two, or three. How do you like that? That's wrong. That is bad. I know him when you afraid of you go my life. You thought my heart. Yeah. I think that's really dropping. We have a Michael going. Really? Don't ever take sides with anyone against the family again. Ever. Ever. See, I thought that that's one of two that we have. I don't know. Maybe there's a bunch of money here. My, one of my favorite is... Johnny Fog Day will never get that movie. I don't care how many day go get any walk, grease ball, go and bust, come out of the woodwork. I'm German Irish. Well, let me tell you something. My crock, McFriend. I'm going to make so much go for you. You won't know what it was. Come to lawyer. I have not threatened. I know almost every big lawyer in New York who'd I hell of you. My crock, McFriend. He was good. Yeah, he was. It was outstanding. There is the best movie of all time. Okay. I don't care what anybody said. I'm, I'm tired of those pools. Whatever you're there again. Right. We don't care what your opinion is. How do you like that, folks? We don't care what you think. Godfather, best movie of all time. Network to me is a close second. I don't know most you disagree because you never saw that. And if you did you wouldn't understand it. I mean, you really have to be in a broadcasting business to really, of fully appreciate network. Yeah. Why? When you think of what they're going on right now with the media, you would think. But you'd let it's not true because they haven't caught on. And that's why the media keep doing it. Because they've got the public mesmerized with this crack that they're putting on there round the clock 24 seven as they like to say. 24 seven. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. Who in, hello? Oh, yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. How about your good buddy from the NRA? Charlie, what's the tank of Maman? Calvin Heston. Yeah, he was a good lady. Okay. What was the best all-time performance in a movie by an actress? And I guess this guy, I've pick and talk about picking on somebody while he's down. He was son of a bitch. Colin Charlton, Heston, and actress. That was bad, sir. See, not only don't they listen to the question even like superficially. But they just, they tune in for like 20 seconds and they try to get the general jizz, just to what we're talking about. Remember general jizz? No, he wasn't the WW1. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And again, we're not asking, what are your 20 best performances by an actress or your top 10? Or even not good man. Not an evil count. One, the best. You can't say, what are the 20 best they couches in South Florida? There's no such thing. Nobody wants to know that. What's the best? And what it was the best all-time performance in movie by an actress. And I realize it's not easy. That's the idea of what's easy. What's it's no fun? What's the point, right? Right. It would be like, Ashlyn was the best movie of all time. We all know the answer there. Of course, you know. You cannot talk about it. Look at that. See, there you go. We need lots and lots and lots more drop them. What do you laugh about? I mean, it's a whole movie again. Take the can only. Here we see. And it's like at least 10 drop-ins from every scene in that movie. There's thousands. Great drop-ins. Drop-ins, right. What are why I'm with them to make you think you're so useless. But see? Bonus Santa. Bonus Santa. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And what kind of a name is that anyway? Bonus Santa means good evening in the time. Yeah. What kind of a name is that? What? A whopping name? It's just a guess. WQAM. Yeah. I thought it was German Irish. I guess. Yes, sir. Just. Go ahead. Vick Morl. WQAM. Yes, and blight. The big ever in the military pierce. And blight in the military pierce. And not going cry. No, no. She played that bitch daughter. And Gina Rowland and Gloria. Okay. We'll take the first one. And blight in the military pierce. And we'll put that on her just to piss off the a-john Crawford fans. Like Matt Drog. Just for a little drudgery. You got it? Got it. Miledred pierce. And then I see we probably wouldn't be doing military pierce. And I was wrong. Well, guess what, nearer. You screwed up again. Okay. You know, it's just getting used to it now. Only 8 minutes, 7 minutes away and counting from the moment that we put that pull up. Right at 11 o'clock. My guarantee is somebody's got his atomic clock out right now. You think? Sure. I guarantee he's got his clock out. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line WQAM. I like to suggest Susan Hayward and I'll cry tomorrow. Okay. Not really Hayward though, huh? Uh, well, Susan Hayward wouldn't. Are you sure? Pretty sure, yeah. Are you sure? I'm stuck out. Okay. Thanks. Okay. We already got Susan Hayward on her once. That's not overdoing. In addition, which you can't outdo her, uh, I want to live. That was great. Never sorry. That was about a, uh, she was sentenced to death. If that's a movie I'm thinking about. It was a true story. I've heard about that, Lily. Yeah. She was on death row. And then when they called her name when it was time. She couldn't hear him. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line WQAM. They knew. Yes, sir. Olivia, the havelin. They died with their boots. Okay. I'm speaking low. Can I have a workman? Okay. Thanks. Come on. 580. Olivia, do you have a lend? Got it? Got it? Well, this is a long one. Too much writing for me. I don't give paid enough to write this much. And they died with their boots on. Is that the name for it? Yep. Did you see it? Nope. Should we look it up? If you want to. I take his word for it. Why would he lie? No, no, I didn't say he's. What is wrong with you? Man, are you brutal? I didn't say he lied. I just we never saw the movie. I just want to see what the lay of the land is here. Here's one called a call me Bruce. And they better not do it again. Oh. I thought that. You did? Yeah. Saw that? I was like that. No. You both saw they call me Bruce. I think it was the first pair of breasts that I saw as a child on a movie. What the year 1982? Well, no. It was the first PG 13 movie that they took. starring Johnny Yoon, Ralph Moro, Ham Huntington, Marco Henningway. Yeah. John Louise. It was a John. What is it, John Louise? And Bill Capizzi. It was bad. What am I looking for? Wow, you're poshking. They died with their boots. Oh, they died with their boots. Oh, they died with their boots. Okay. They were expendable. They, uh, I do think I saw it. Like when I was real. Here it is. Little. No, you didn't. Yeah, did. 1941. With Olivia to have an arrow Flynn. Who remember he was a real swish. I was swashbuckler, right? Uh, Arthur Kennedy. Remember old Arthur Kennedy? No. He was in that movie with Pat Boone at Horse movie. I was at the Wichiroly, Shirley Jones. And Pat Boone was a county fairer. Was at it? I don't know. Never saw something like that. I was a harness racing movie. I think I would take five burger harness racing movie. That exciting. How about John Gilmore and Buddy Gilmore and leave our family? Anyway, Olivia have been Jean Lockhart city green street. What a cast Anthony Quinn, Charlie, Grapewood and Stanley Bridges. No, Kevin O'Relish and the Mickey Bridges. Never did Walsh's reputation as an action director master of period flavor fit more comfortably. Cheerfully agreeing that history is bunk and printing the Legendy turns what is essentially a biopic of George Armstrong Custer. I thought it was going to be George Armstrong before the chief. Former captain of the Maple Leaf. Remember George Armstrong? No. Number 10? No. From West Point a little bit going into a glorious western. Few facts here, but what matter when the fiction of Custer is Tempestuous? Tempestuous? Cavalier and Indian sympathizer? Shival Russley. If you could see the size of the print in this book. Absolutely. You're irresistibles. What I said. I didn't like that. Absolutely irresistible. So we got it down. You're having a daydive with their boots on. My and local. We're sports video 560. I'll be going home. Go away. Yeah. Few fudge back him. No one will lie on the knees on that ship on the food. Failed in the morning. Same family. Steak crows. Food day. Call your brothers. Cool steak. Chill in that fish. No way. No way. We'll be going on the same crows. Six little gullies. Mish no shit. Hey. What are you going to my yacht? All the crows. One crew. Two was one ship. What's going on? Run. Before we build on then yacht. It was so interesting. It's now in the sea. It was the intensity. One new indicator is heard. The news. There'll be no more. We say family. Steak crows. Food day. Order call your brothers. Cool steak. Corn bread. Hell in that just no way. All my God. We know where they'll be going on a same crows. Six things. That is man's so stupid in the mouth. My family has been burned. One new, I'll be same those days. Now I can't find out. We're living. To doubles as one word of a shot. It's a lot of feathers. It's a blue on the shots. No more. I don't know. These mothers should fall and lose. They'll be no more. They'll be same crows. Food day. Oh God! All your brothers, cool steak. Food day. Hell in that just no way. Hell in that just no way. No way. They'll be going on a same crows. I'm living on a five or sixty. It was a happy Tuesday. Well I'll tell you. This list is building. Did I tell you? Did I tell you? Did I tell you? I did. I'm shocked. I'm shocked in my embarrassed. I'm shocked in my embarrassed. I'm shocked. Oh God. Here we are. Clearly. This is just a filler curl spring. He's got three for three on here. I would say. Pretty Davis all about you. It's on there. Are you writing these down? Yep. Judy Garland is star is born. Did I mention that today? James Mason. And of course, you punk sat there. You think a star is borne was with. Barbara Stricine and Chris Christophe's in all of which I can say. Oh my God. See, Judy Arlin, where Garland only could she sing great she wasn't cross-eyed. I just mentioned that passing. For all the Barbara Streisand liqueurs out there, oh she just makes me weep. She makes me weep. And, Philip Rolz brings I think his best one, Gloria Swanson, and Sonset Boulevard. No questions. Right. I think that got to remake that QA was starting the Water Nutsie. I'm ready for my close-up listed in the out. Playing that role. Can you just see the Water Nutsie? Glenn and Iowa says Linda Lovelace in Deep Throat, God Restorable, it says, oh good. Restorable. Well, I would say this we're not going to put it on there, but there was probably a lot of acting involved because it wasn't Harry Reams in that. Yeah. Oh, brother. Whoo! Harry Reams. At least there was truth and advertising there with the name anyhow. Greatest acting job for a female of all time will be Goldberg and Sister Act. George saw it about 30 times it says. I did. That's what it says here. He says, Bob, turn man. What it says. Don't even know what that movie is. Do you Sister Act? Yeah, she plays a nun. She hides out of the nun. We're not putting Wuppy Goldberg on my list. Okay. I'm sorry. With all to be specued, you're Hollywood squares people. Yeah. No. And you think? No. Well, that's pretty obvious. Anybody who listens. Now, well, I'm not seeing now you're messing with these stories in here. Grace Digital. What is this? Are we already had this? Grace Digital Media? The US government this week launched its Arabic line with satellite TV news station for Muslim Iraq. It's been produced in a studio Grace Digital Media controlled my fundamentalist Christians who are rapidly pro Israel. Oh, that's grace as in by the grace of God. We didn't have this. Grace Digital Media is controlled by a fundamentalist Christian millionaire Cheryl Reagan who last year rested control a federal news service a transcription news service from its former owner, Corda's Randall. Randall says he met Reagan in a prayer meeting brought her in as an investor in federal news service and then she forced him out of his own company. How do you like that? Oh, there's a Zillion stories like that. That's right. Grace Digital Media in federal news service are housed in a downtown Washington DC office building along with Grace News Network. When you call the number for Grace News Network, you get a first answering Grace Digital Media federal news service. According to its website, Grace News Network has dedicated transmitting the evidence of God's presence in the world today. This is the kind of direct that we're going to feed to the Arabs over there now. Okay. Grace News Network will be reporting the current seconder news, along with aggressive proclamations that will change the news to reflect the kingdom of God and its purposes, G&N proclaims. The broadcasting board of governors, the US government agency, producing the TV newscast for Iraq likes to say it's the BBC of the USA. Right. The broadcasting board of governors runs radio for your voice of Merck and Radio SAW, Arabic language radio for the Middle East. Our mission is clear, BBGs John Mauritould us. The broadcast accurate in the deck of news about the US in the world. We don't do propaganda or leafletting. We're like the BBC in that respect. That's a leafletting. There you go again. Possible atizing the Porsche mypads over there. They've already got enough problems with their own God. Now we've got to voice this other one on them. And not only we got to voice the different God on them on top of it, but also Jesus Christ. Right. Which I don't think they're ready for yet. Susie Spasek and were Anne Bancroft in Night Mother. Night Mother never heard of it. Now never heard of it. What was that we never heard of? With rare exceptions I would say no. Merleman Rose, I'm like it hot. No. Do you think? No. What are you laughing about? She was an actress? Okay. Okay. You think she wasn't an actress? That's bad. See now she'd be pissed off. Joe to measure we beat the crap out if he was still here. He would it's a good thing for you. He died. He would drive right over from Hollywood and just beat the snout out of your hand with a baseball bat no down. Katherine Hepburn now there's a whole list of here that we can choose from. Did I give you the ones that we I did? Betty Davis, Judy Garland, Clarice wants to come down. Olivia to have lndae die with her boots on that was last one before that right. Right. Katherine Hepburn bringing up baby. Oh come on bringing up baby. The Philadelphia story. Adam's rib. The African queen and guess who's coming to dinner? How do you choose among those? Well we already got African queen. With Katherine Hepburn we do it. Yeah. What about her free bow guard? Is she on her? Where about Lauren Bacoll was her movie that Lauren Bacoll was in that she was really sensational. She's a great actress. How about the fan? Now. Do you see the fan? No. You never saw the fan with Lauren Bacoll where she was being stalked. Nope. By a nutcase fan? I know about it. I didn't move it all the previous. I never saw Kylargo either. I know she was in that. I never saw that either. Oh no. How many more pages are there of this stuff that I just got to mean? That was a lot of times in Korea. Oh here it is. Sluth. No that wasn't the name of it. Sluth. That wasn't the name of that. We'll be at all. Michael Kane and Christopher Reeve were lovers in Sluth. I don't think that's right. I wouldn't know. Huh? Wouldn't know. Nah that's not the right movie. That was a Michael Kane movie but that was no I don't know. Let me look it up. I could be wrong. Wouldn't be the first time this is a segment. Pull this up by the way. The pull is up. Why do you plan music for? I don't know. Give you a chance to look. I got the book right here, Mr. I got it right in my hand. Sluth. Michael Kane Lawrence Olivier. This is not that's not the right movie. Now, although previous reviewer's plan that this is posted to board just an anacrystie, either the Christie. This is not the movie. I don't think. Less a who done it than a how done it. Uh... Now Lawrence Olivier was not an movie I'm talking about. Sluth is a different Lawrence Michael Kane movie. I would know the name right away. It says it was a mystery. Would Diane Cannon as Kane's wife. Well, somebody's all over the place. I mean, but it's certainly not the right movie. With that sluth. Sorry. Halle Berry. Monster's ball. It's you hell. You had Demi when I put her down. I agree. You agree Halle Berry and Monster's balls? Yeah. I have to have to have seen it. Monster's? Yeah. And Monster's balls? Yeah, that's that's reference to Billybot. Who's all Thai? Thai, see. Okay, Monster's ball Halle Berry. Well, get her on her. We all like Halle Berry a lot. Kristen Durst Dunst. Interview with a vampire. Come on. Jody Foster the accused. She's a hard one. I want to live where everybody got Susan there. What? She wanted us for something for that. I do believe. Jody Foster, when Naskar for the accused, we have to get it on there. Oh, this, this list is just, it's just unbelievable. This is going on and on and on and on, man. Thank God. I mean, the accused. Well, I got a scratch in my throat and you want to know the reason why I got a scratch now? SARS? No, because I had a window open it. Well, you get carried away like yesterday was the 77. Now, it's going to be around 60-ish, which isn't bad, but so far was like in the low 50s. Uh, see? Gagging over here. See what happens? I did that just and on or pay rise. And sure, being a good Miami boy that is, he's probably lock himself in his room in a hotel, listening on the internet right now. He paid ride. You're a pussy, baby. Pussy, pussy, pussy. Barbara Stanwake, double indemnity. Never saw it. I don't like her. You what? You don't like Barbara Stanwake? No, she bugs me somehow. You don't like her big belly? And bank dropped in the Ann Sullivan story. Never saw it. Which was about how I'm killer is what it says here. I don't think so. Jennifer Waterman in the story of Adam. No. Here's one from UCF, Kenny says the QAM website was down all last week. A QAM website wasn't down. What does that mean, Carlos? I have no idea. And I was dying over here. I had a resort to listening to the monsters at all. The monsters at the midday give me a break. And consequently, going my brain's hot. For the poor Sharon Stone in casino, though the movie was in Fiery to Good Fellows. This performance was amazing. Sharon Stone was in Good Fellows? Casino. No, but what does that mean? I don't know. Why does it say the movie was in Fiery to Good Fellows? Because it's like a Good Fellows clone. I saw I seen it. I don't remember her performance. I remember she was in it. No. I assume some of the Covid-19's fluttered. Now I'm very involved. Nobody would have called on us. That's the trusty of Kenny. Huh? That's crap. That's the movie with Michael Cannon and Christopher. Thank you. That's crap. Thank you. Louise Flutcher. Nurse Ratchet. Nurse Ratchet. Got it? Got it. Cookers now. She was great. And my favorite scene in a whole movie beyond. Mother is so many good ones. But the best one is where he's strangling her. Mr. McMurphy and he's got her after they find Billy. He did it. He'll call my mother. Mother? Hmm. And when you see the finger marks on her neck. Yeah. When you see her eye ball just popping out of her head. You love that. That's it. That was great. Kind of the thing you'd like to do to your mother sometime. Yes, sometime. All the time. Like most any time. Especially when she's watching Michael Savage on MSNBC. Twelve minutes after 11 at 5.60WQM. It's a great day in TO. The Texas ranges are here. We got Peyrod is locked tightly in his hotel room. We got the rimmers are gone. On a way back down here. It's bad good news for me and bad news for you. If you don't make that deal with sign. I'll tell you, deal. Get yourself a real job. Get a career. Forget about working for peanuts like an elephant in the circus. Get yourself a new high-paying computer job. And the way you do that is by calling my good close personal friends at Fastrain 1-866 Fastrain. They offer you convenient day evening weekend classes. Check them out of the web if you like it. Fastrain.com. I'm going to tell you something. If Todd Dreck doesn't give us a new copy for his accounts, I'm just going to do four hours every day on Todd Dreck. It won't get very many listeners. But it just, it'll get out of my system. You know what I mean? He is just as useless as teach on a pencil. Anyway, call fastrain today. They got locations all over town. It gets you trained in just four short months for your real honest. With this high-paying computer career. They're in Miami. They're in Kindle. They're in Pembroke Pines and for Lauderdale. So there's bound to be one close by you. And register at Fastrain.com to receive your free American flag. bumper sticker as well. Call fastrain today. And be sure and tell them whatever you do. Don't forget that Todd Dreck, who are you to call. I mentioned his name, please. Fastrain, toll free. It's 1-866 Fastrain. My life and love. This is 42564. You're way too way. Yeah. 1-666 Fastrain. First, she set the screen on fire in Basic Instinct. Then you saw her in Sliver. After that, it was intersection followed by the quick and the dead. But let's face it. The only decent movie she's ever done was Basic Instinct. So now Sharon Stone gives moviegoers exactly what they want. And that's more of what made her a house whole thing. Sharon Stone stars in crotch. We all know she can't act. But it doesn't matter in crotch. Two solid hours of Sharon Stone crossing and uncrossing her legs. The New York Times says this film will give Sharon Stone a leg up on the competition. Cisco and he ver give it two thumbs up. And Rex Reed says it would have been better with Brad Pitt. Sharon Stone brings her one true talent back to the screen in crotch. Now, sure. Now, if I don't have a time when I'm going to guarantee that, we're going to see his ass tonight. So they tell us on, I mean, why does anybody care about time when we're just asked? Aren't people silly? Yeah, they're silly. I mean, the way I look at it, you see one guys ask, you see them all. I'm except to QAM. I mean, those are asses really we're talking about. We're talking about gigantic enormous asses, something of the condo complexes. But don't get a complex about a Josh Friedman, even though George said you're a big humongous, tough, bigger than life itself. What was the best all-time performance and emotion picture by an actress? Where are you going to ask? Go to the polls up. Kathy, baits and misery. No surprise. She was great. 13. When close fatal attraction, nine, Linda Blair, the exorcist five, Kathleen Turner, body heat's got four. These are the early returns. Sally Field and civil four. Cody Foster and no four. I never saw that. I don't think. Yeah, you don't miss anything. And the game, those, yeah, like the bit that we have. I don't want you to. I don't like those movies. Not that I'm insensitive, but you know, I'm kind of insensitive. Vivienne Lee gone with the wind four. And whatever happened to baby Jane, a Betty Davis three, Merrill Streep Sophie's choices got three. Have a very swank, boys don't care. I mean, it was a cute movie, but was it really that big of a deal? I thought it was like a novelty movie. Boys don't cry. No, very, very serious. It was. Sure. True story, serious. Yeah, heavy. Get out of here. What a whole bunch of independent film awards. It did. Yeah. That had three Francis McDormand and what's the name McDormand and Fargo three and the list Taylor, who's a friend of the big bad Virginia Wolf three? Everybody else has got one or two. It's just getting started. Here's a good one. Elizabeth's shoe S8 UE. Leaving Las Vegas is said was her movie not the anxious Nicolas Cage. Excellent facts. Thank you. I think Nicolas Cage is anxious. I don't like him at all. And an excellent point. It was supposed to be about him, but she shown. She stole the shoe. Yeah, she showed her boots. Have a really big shoe. Good. Okay, put Elizabeth's shoe on there. How come we didn't have piano Reeves on yesterday? He was in a couple of good movies. I understand a whole thing with piano Reeves in day, you know, believe me. I understand. Huh? Could you explain it to the rest of us? I don't want to. It's mixed company. Let's see. What is this? The White House made a number of recent appointments for the Supreme Break. One is April fully a homemaker. According to campaign kind of is the social documents from South Salem, New York. She was named the ward directors of the export import bank. The apartment is good until Congress adjourns next year. So why a homemaker for this job? Well, earlier in her career, the White House announcement says she was director of business planning for corporate strategy with PepsiCo Inc. And director strategy for readers died just. More recently, she was president of the United Way of Northern Westchester County, New York, not all of it just the Northern part. Still not locked in on the mirror. Did we mention she used today George W. Bush when both were Harvard Business School and his remained friends with him. How do you like that? Huh? They all do the same crap. I'll put their buddies in there. They're pals. Hi, I'm Pally. Here's a long list. Grace Kelly for it takes a thief. There's another that was with Jimmy Stewart, right? Virgin, I don't know. That was a, that was another, oh no, it takes a thief. What am I thinking of? Are you sure? Well, look it up. Angry Birdman for Casablanca. She's already under too many times. Vivian Lee and Hanymik Don and Daniel for Gone with the Wind. Can we have Vivian Lee under for that? We do. And Hanymik Daniel. She was kind of like the first Ancho Mama. Wasn't she? She was great. She was great. I love your boat. We're not going to run. John, Joan Fontaine for Rebecca, which also starred Laurence Olivia in 1940. Hitchcock movie, which has saw a long ago. Then let's put her on there. Joan Fontaine. I think she was kind to Johnny. Johnny Fontaine. What is it, Rebecca? Johnny Fontaine will never get that moving. Okay, calm down. I'm a good friend. Joan Fontaine. What? What? What were we was at it? Rebecca. Rebecca has in Rebecca on passions. Fony, Horny, money, a grubb and a Rebecca. The Golden in bitch. I'm not passions. Of course you should know her by now. Gloria Swanson, sunset. Boulevard. We already got that 1950 with William Holden. You should have been on yesterday's pull for this one. You're right. Didn't I say only moments ago that William Holden should have been on there for something? Me or whatever. What? Huh? There was one you should have been on there for. And also for networking, he should have been on a lot of him. William Holden. Great. Don't want me to forget to look up. It takes a thief. Okay. He was very underrated by the way. William Holden? Yeah. They left him hold in the bag. They went to die. They found him holding the bottle. Well, that's bad. Now he was a great actor. I think he was one of the best. We've done all right. This is not who was the best actor though. No. Holly Hunter raising your resume. Yeah. Yeah? Yeah. Okay. I'm not even writing these down anymore. You just put them on there. Got it. Read them a reno. Westside story. Never saw it. What do you call that? Wicked. I love her. She's great. You know what's show she used to be on all the time. Game show. Pyramid. Oh yeah. The 10,000, the 25,000, the 100,000 perma with dick clark. Read him a reno. She was a very, and she was good in that show. By the way, Hillary Swank is married to Roblo's brother Chad. Chad, it says. Ah. I remember Chad, though. You know Chad, low. Yeah. Tanging Chad, low, what they call. No, seriously. You don't know Chad, low, right? No. Exactly. That was in some minor marginal movement. Yeah. He was kind of like that. Interesting. Can you kind of have a strange way? You don't think? Oh, that's right. That's what I'm supposed to say. It's the most talked about video the year. Roblo direct stars and performs in. No. The critics are reviving. Jesus says it blows. Roger Ebert says it sucks. Mary Hart says it was hard to swallow. Roman Polansky says, what's the big deal? Mind what's 13. You after says this one's loaded with entertainment. Gene Schalitz says, this one fires no blanks. No. Roblo. Films in central around in spread of vision. No. No. Roblo is coming in your living room with the spasmata release of his direct toilet. No. No. Great in PG-13. It's mid-16. I know I'll move you. I saw his brother Chad and but I do know he was running around with his shirt off most of the movie. For some reason that sticks in my mind. I don't know what the name for was. He's been sitting. Sicily Tyson was in the autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman as correct. Should we put it out? Was that the name of the movie? The autobiography? What was the name of the movie? Sounds about right? Nah. Carlos is going to check it. Whoever heard of a movie named the autobiography of anybody, huh? That can't be it. Anti-Mame. There's a guarantee there is no such movie named the autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman. There it is. Autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman. Then I just tell you that's what it was. Yeah, but you wouldn't believe me. Sicily Tyson. Michael Murphy. Richard Dysart and Catherine Helmond. I do like her mayonnaise. But that's TV movie. It is not. Were you listening to me originally made for TV? Ah. This fiction will be cutting the 110 years live by one black woman in Louisiana as they deceptively naturally ring to it originally made for TV. Mark, just take my bat. Yeah, you're a bad boy. Aiming for the stars to film hits a magazine spread by Norman Wachwell and often stays there. Respectable and up achievement in a way. But one that ultimately dims the mind is it serves up the emotion. Whatever that, you know, suit to intellectual review. Originally made for TV, but we can put that on there. Sicily Tyson, you got to do your husband? No. C-I-C-E-L-Y. T-Y-S-O-N-L-I-K-N. You know, Tyson and Mike Mike Mike. I think he's. Yeah Mike, I think. So thanks to everybody did that and also it's just how about including any of the women in dangerous liaisons like Faye Dentalway for China Town as well as network. Huh? Who are the women in dangerous liaisons? Glenn Close. Um, who else? Is Glenn Close? I mean, I hated that movie. Really? Yeah. My Zan. Because, well, they did two movies at the same time with the same plot Valmont and that one in Valmont was a real movie with real actors and everything was good. And then, Dan, Dan, Dan, Dan, Dan. Yeah. And what about Faye Dentalway in China Town? We don't we already have her down in like 65 other movies we do. Yeah. We didn't put, uh, if he didn't grow up, I mean, she's always great. We agree on that. We like Faye Dentalway a lot. A lot. So let me ask you what's wrong with being an angry prophet denouncing the hypocrisy of our times? Funny. To me, that's the most underrated movie in my life. And I consider you, I have scream and yell and get people to try to go out and buy the movie or rent it or they just don't care. And what is it that they're missing in that movie? It's just, uh, it's the way it's filmed. Who's the writer? I forget. Yeah. Oh, people are so, there are so many great actors and actresses in that movie. And so many great scenes. The scene where she goes out to the shack and he's sitting there eating a Kentucky fried chicken. Uh-huh. The raw. I'm going to make you a movie star. He, oh, hey, put some of that mouth pillow chicken and he holds it off of the sack. What the f you talk about? I love that. That is just, every scene that I movie about, just does it for me. Okay. And addition to which who wouldn't like to be an angry prophet denouncing the Apocalypse of our time. Man, how, why wouldn't you mean the way it's filmed? What does that mean? The people that I've heard criticizing it and of course, I think they're full of crap. They're saying, oh, it's got that, that can't be 70 style to it. It's kind of silly. Yeah. Yeah. Unrealistic, which makes me laugh, of course, when they say that. Oh, yeah, like movies are so realistic. You know, like Star Wars, right on. That's a very realistic. I don't know what they're talking about. 27 after 11, especially now. Don't they understand? That's what makes it so great is because it was written in 72 or 3 by Patty Jaskiew. It was one of the geniuses of our time. And here we are 31 years later, and we got Rick Sanchez. That's all I need to tell you. If you're fat, if you're a tub like Josh Friedman, or maybe just have funnier, maybe a... I'm third man. Hot pounds to lose. Balance for life is the easy way to do a man. It's like fallin' off a log. Should be as simple as countin' one two three. Because there's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no calorie counting, no carb counting, just great results with balance for life. And they got a little black sack. That's the key to losing a way that sounds crazy, but that's what's all about. Every day by 6 an a.m. when you open up your door, your work, your office, it, where every hanging out. There is your little black sack, and you say, Halle, Lua, I'm ready for another day, because all the food for your whole day is in your sack. All fresh, all delicious, three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks, nothing frozen, nothing pre-fab, no chemicals, just a finest, most delicious ingredients that money can buy. The only thing you have to think about is fillin' out that menu once a week. You have two choices for each meal every day that you're on a program. Other than that, they do all the work. You don't have to cook or shop or count anything. Not some drastic or crazy diet regimen. You don't have to take any dangerous pills. All you have to do is eat all that food and believe me, there's plenty of food in your sack to keep you full and satisfied all through the day. So if you're tired of being fat and lefthargic and diabetic and sick and dying over there, let balance for life help you do it. The delicious, the easy way and lose that weight once and for all. Call balance for life today, 9.5, 4.5, 6.8, 3.2, 2.29, 9.5, 4.5, 6.8, 3.2, 2.29, or check them out of that wicked web if you like it. Balance for life.com. And look all this is sports for you, 5.60. You wait too, yeah. Time is valid, and it's not that dangerous anymore. Hey! Woo! I think you might have to finish this fight. Hot there and have fun, it's burning right through my room. No! Push for sports and why would you sit by and guide me on the fire? If you're crazy, play me, I know the only slid you go. Be strong in the sparkling shelter. Thanks for the great riches like you've offered. It's late for the bad guys, burn in moss. Just the pressure, what the burn in moss? What the hell? You're gonna be the one that won't get burned in moss. What the hell? What the hell? What the hell? What the hell? What the hell? Your explanation is to why people aren't in the movie network. Just leaves me to limp, it just leaves me hangin'. Ruping. Put the director. How about your part? The director. Sydney Lomet. Yeah. Yeah. He's got other movies in the people that I talked to. Say, oh, that all his movies had that look. I don't like it. It's just kind of... What? What? Freaky weird 70s, can't be. I mean, like our clockwork orange? Yeah, like that. People don't like that because it's kind of that weird kind of a... Well, do you know what? Let's screw that. Fem. Zimbilist Jr. How's he doing in the FBI? I'm telling you this is just out of control. Sissy Spacer. I think she ought to touch he played defense for the Columbus region. Sissy Spacer. Cole Miners. Do we have that? We already got that. Not care we do. What do we do? What do we have Sissy Spacer? I mean Spacer. Nothing I thought. We don't? Get out of town, man. We have Sissy Spacer. See, I'm not writing these down anymore. And what about Kerry? Do we have Sissy Spacer for Kerry? Neither nor. Well, which one do we want to put it down? I was positive we had Cole Miners. How about farmers daughter? Nope. But you want to put it down? They're both good. She did a good job in each. Ashley Judd, Ruby and Paradise. And Paradise. I got to say that right. Sorry. What shall I say Sissy movie? We put it down there. Uh, Kerry. Okay. It was kind of scary. Ashley Judd, Ruby and Paradise don't know the movie. Nope. I remember Ruby baby by a deal. And I played the song if I had it here. Even though I hated Juliet Lewis's role in National Board. And Kelly's really good. She was way better in California. Oh, so let's put down Juliet Lewis in California. You want to? Yeah. And Carlos I don't want to. I don't want to. I don't mean about that. I'm just saying in general. I don't want to. What are you doing? What do I want? California. Yeah, I did like that. That was good. You saw it? Yeah. I think creepy. I don't know. With Brad Pitt as a real greasy red deck. Mmm. Give him a bath. Scrubb them up real good and give him naked. Madeline Con. Mixed nuts young Frankenstein and blazing saddles. And you say, I mean she was a funny character. Look, we don't have time to analyze. Okay. I mean we got 75,000 movies. We got 5 billion people calling in there. And then you want to like a yes or no. No quick. No. We got a good bar. And a lot of good bars. They got peanuts in him. You like him? Mmm. Fair. Uh, fade in a way. Chinatown and Bonnie and Clyde. We left out Bonnie and Clyde. But she's already on it for a 500 of them. The autobiography of Miss Daint Pitt was a great movie. Did we already put that on her? Yes, we did. Didn't we? Yes. Here's another one from our dark skin listener. As if it's the only one we got. Thank you, TR. We'll be Goldberg and the color purple. Yes, we should put that on her. She I didn't see it, but everybody from all accounts. Yeah. It's as I hit the bitch too, but it was probably the best performance on film The last three decades by a woman. What do you mean? Yeah. I saw it. It's good. I don't want to see it. She's no. Or for a win for you. I'll tell you that. No, but then who is? Dorothy Danridge in Carmen. Oh, and so on. This is funny because we got this dark skin listener. I guess he feels compelled as spirit of Christ and Pelsen. Pick all black. Huh? There's a that there's a right thing. That's the team of the facts. Dorothy Danridge in Carmen. She got nominated for an Oscar in an irrepressible female role at a time when she couldn't even drink water from Oshtalegwood fountains. That should say a bit about how dominant the performance was. Okay. Dorothy Danridge in Carmen. Got it. Got it. Got it. Diana Ross. Lavy sings the blues. She played a junk-doubt jazz singer Billy Holiday. Yes, I know quite a rich for her, but maybe that's why she was so damn convincing. Yeah, I was going to say she probably didn't have to act too much. Diana Ross, lady sings the blues. Got it. Got it. Sicily Tyson, sounder. Sounder. I think we'll stick with the missing pigment. And what about roots? Sicily Tyson and roots. TRC's. I love your show and encourage you one of the most brilliant minds I made you to expand your horizons. And watch any of the above you haven't seen their cinematic virtuosity. Well, let's see. I did see roots. I did not see lady sings the blues. I didn't see Carmen. I did not see the color of purple because I will not watch. Will be Goldberg. I would watch which one. Misty and Pippman I think I didn't have sign this scene. It was on TV. Like I told you and in the movies. I seen it. Thank you TR. Excellent choices. What are putting roots on there? No. Okay. Why do you want to put roots on it? I'd say one of those. That's what Carlos was asking. I thought he was. We already got Sicily Tyson for the autobiography of Misty and Pippman, which you kept arguing me. There's no movie named autobiography of anybody. And so I had to pick up my 60-pound book of the story. You're a big, similar to Vix-Saw and a dance. Maybe it's not 60-pound. That's 30, man. That's heavy. Let's see. Died with their boots on was released during Flynn's rape trial. All my God. I really wonder was the alleged victim of a man or woman, Earl Flynn. He was an notorious swashbucker. They and a field. They had a field day with a girl said Flynn came into the room wearing only his boots. I said, yeah. I swishbucker. Yeah, he died with his boots on. 5-6-7-0-5-60, pound-5-60 on a AT&T. And where are you doing, Earl? Benzoon, would you have lucky. And then it was always Danny Kay and Sororin's Olivier. Yeah. We've been through this before because they both rhyme with gay. Yeah. There seem to be an awful lot of that in Hollywood knows days, but then again, you know, those Hollywood know days. That left coast crowd. Good thing not anymore. Even before they called it the left coast, they were still all doing each other. Neil, remember what? Right after 9-level when Ann Kolder was fired from the National Review for Writing Arco, let's said regarding the Arabs, we should kill their leaders and convert them to Christianity. She was widely condemned for advocating this extremist position. Unless I'm missing something, has her position become the official policy of the US? I'm so lonely correct. First we take out Hussein and there's no telling who's next to it. But there are meanwhile we're pushing the Christers over there to spread their bullshit, but sometimes back with tax dollars. It says, amazing. And that amazing. It's just what you expect. Just what you expect from this bunch of Barbistan aglium, as they say in Hungary. How is that thing meet and come over there in Geneva, huh? Mm. So, how do you think trendy, Tony Segretta will take to recent rumors that they're, that tree drink Rick Sanchez will be joining the NBC 16. Those two ego's couldn't possibly cause this good day. I don't think it's just a rumor. I think I thought it was coming back, Ricky Tickey. Wasn't that the story, Ricky Tickey Sanchez? Was that the story? That was the story. I already have a homosexual relationship with Neil, so I might as well have one with you too. And that was the first thing he told Segretta, which I guess didn't go over that good when he came back. Uh-huh. Robert Preston, Alice Creris, Julie Andrews, and Leslie Ann Warren all for a victim Victoria. And that cute. Don't call Alice Caris a lady. Julie Andrews, do we want to put a victim of Victoria? I never saw it. What about Julie Andrews in the sound of music? Okay. I hate musicals, man. I hate musicals. Oh, wow. I hate a lot. I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know all facts are supposed to like musicals. Not this one. I can't stand that crap. Make me nauseous. You like Broadway musicals though? No. No, I do not. You do? No. So, I'll show some. Haha. Uh-huh. Twenty-two-none at five, sixty-w to QM. We've got the amad dog. The angry puppy coming up at one o'clock today. Jim Mandates, who's a legend in his own mind. Hank Goldberg from Louisville. Can you imagine he's just punching his guts out? What a life he's got, huh? He's me look like a piker. Three-to-seven a hump or from Louisville from a track mode out. Hurricane Hotline at seven with the Hurkun's. You got Joseph Gacky at eight. Prove enough in perfect. Joseph Gacky. So, Mark's on deck at nine. Followed by the Marlins and the Diamondbacks. Ninth thirty-five. Any interest in that ballgame. No. Any K follows that game and we always went over the hell. That's over finally. And then Mark Eisenberg, I'll loan. As Joe Costello's on. He's cruising it. He's Tom Cruise in it this way. Where did they go? One of those cruisers to nowhere are just like somewhere we can't talk about. Don't know. You don't know? So, I guess we can't talk about it. Okay. Ninth twenty-two a.m. hand. Let me tell you right now if your carpets are looking pretty lame. If you figure it now's the time to spend a fortune and put all new carpeting in your home. Don't do it. That's not the way to go. The way to go is make one easy phone call to my good piezons at dry concepts for over 20 years now. For like a lifetime. I've been using these people in my house and I wouldn't dream you's anybody else because Live by the one they do the job that they do for you. Call 1-800-248-5071 and you'll be in for a real treat. If you never call dry concepts before. First of all, they show up right on time. They roll up their sleeves. They dry clean your carpets like nobody else because it's an exclusive patented method. Your carpets look just like Brandon when they finish their dry in a couple of hours. They smell like a fresh and they stake cleaner longer in line slonger too. It's an unbeatable combination. And they give you a written guaranteed price before they start doing the works you don't have to worry about. Rip off their scams which are notorious in a carpet cleaning industry. If you have problems with pet orders, middle-to-roters caused by water damage. No problem. They'll make those disappear. So whether it's your carpeting, repository or leather furniture or expensive area and oriental rugs, these are the guys who do a stupidest unbeatable job for you always at a guaranteed fair price. Do yourself like I said, a gigantic favor called dry concepts toll-free. 1-800-248-5071, a log onto their website at dryconcept.com. Don't forget, it's absolutely true. When you use dry concepts you can claim today, entertain tonight. 1-800-256-560, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-560, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-560, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-560, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-560, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. 1-800-256-660, the re-usual yours. I don't know how to take this because I'm not sure this is true. I'll guess they got a point. Did you ever notice how you go to see moving because an actor is in it? For example, like Sam Jackson Harrison Ford, but nobody really goes to see moving because an actress is in it? Think about it. It's true. It says unless a course the actress gets naked, right George? Right? Unless it's Sharon Stone showing her crash for two hours. Right? Is that correct? Correct. I guess he's right. Nobody would ever go to see him moving with fade done away. And it'd be just because he's in it. Right. Although on the other hand, I don't necessarily go see a movie because some guys in it either actor actress or not. But the point being that many people do see a movie because can't or re-usual it. Or Brad Pitt, many people do. Or Mad Damon. Yeah. Or Yo. Yo. Leo DiCaprio. Leo. Sorry to do that to you so close to lunchtime. Okay, what else do you want to do? I want to go to the point. Now here's another Jane Fonda and Clute. Huh? I don't think I ever saw Clute. All those Fonda haters used to say she plays a mean skin clue. A bigger part. I ever saw Clute. But put it on there. Okay, I'm pretty good. For Hanway Jane. Olivia, the haval and snake pit. Oh, yeah. Wasn't that the one where she played the, the, uh, the, uh, in scene woman? Never saw it. Oh. That's a very famous movie snake pit. And you ever saw it? I saw it a long time ago. Is it a long long time ago? She was a good man. There's nobody ever talks about Olivia to have lunch. I just had so long time ago. And most of us aren't that old. Even me. And that's saying a lot for a Jerry Williams dad. Mm-hmm. Not long now, George. I know. Won't be long now. I'll be right on his ass. The snake pit. 1948. Olivia Havelen, Mark Stevens Leo again. Celeste home. Leaf Erickson. And a bunch of other, uh, you a bondy again. Overrated at the time as a piece of mature and realistic cinema with a strong social conscious. This now works best as a lured melodrama. The havelen pulls out all the stops as the woman committed to a mental hospital. See, I told you, pronounced fit to believe before her consultant. She's ready. She soon returns in an even worst day. And then there's the word for the very seriously disturbed. Definitely put that on there. The snake pit. Olivia, the havelen. Got it. I hate this book. That's one thing I'm going to do this week. I'm going to go to my bookstore. Was that the Brit one that you had the time out of guide? Yeah, I've been by a bunch of suitable intellectual snubs. Or overrated at the time as a piece of mature and realistic cinema. Yeah, you know, it's kind of like the soft floor to review book. I mean, he's got a little stochle, a little dig in it, you know? Nothing's ever good enough for them. In fact, if it is good enough for them, stay the hell away. It's probably crap. Ingrid Bergman and Spellbound. That was another Hitchcock movie. Get that on there. Got it? Got it. Boy, this list is overflowing, man. Off the end of the world off the page. 560, 560, palm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WQA, see they couldn't wait for their extra half hour on what their problem was. WQA in, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Great. I got a new one for you. I don't think anybody's mentioned this one. Personal best with Mario Hemingway. Got it. Got it. Put that on there. That was definitely mentioned years ago. I think she got a work for that one. What's that a dive movie? Yeah. Yeah. I let George know, speaking of big hands, Mario Hemingway. She's got to have the biggest hands for one that I ever seen. 512 shoe size also. He's almost there with time-welling. I guess that would find out he got the bigger hands. She could definitely pome of basketball. You know, for all of them average guys, you know, she'll definitely make you look small. You know what I mean? Okay, thanks. That's what he always loves. Maybe she could make some movies with Brian D'Pama. Or Arnold Pama. 1156, get that on there. Mario Hemingway in personal best. That was a dive athlete movie. Now we couldn't make that bag athlete movie that Paul Newman's been trying to make for years. Paul Newman and a girlfriend album and trying to get that movie made, which I can't see at the name of it. I don't want to do that because there's no such thing as gay athlete. Oh, god. America's not ready for that yet. Can you imagine a mole would be swimming? Say that. Yeah. Smooning. Oh, the season expected a one p.m. From the WHM. Oh, my lastman says, who's that? My lastman, the Toronto mayor thinks that the who is still got Roger Daltrean here. But I was like, hey, the number one Asian buffet in the world is the M.O. Coast, which you ought to know by now. And sunrise north by M.O.H. and the newest location in Pemberg Pines. M.O. Coast is the perfect place to put a big smile on a special lady in your life. This copy man, I wouldn't give this to a tell of the hunt as copies so bad. The perfect place to put a big smile on the pussy that's special lady in your life, your mom, your wife, whoever on Mother's Day Sunday may 11 come an up soon. Start your mouth watering, eating experience with six different soups and unsampled dozens of suck of the non-trace. New York strips take me to word at the gourmet center of Sajleng, a sizzling Asian grill with grilled shrimp, scampy style. Jumbo scallops wrapped in bacon, dunginess crab and ginger and scallions and handcar prime rib. And look for the new Oriental chicken salad too. The animal coast promotes healthy living too, like I always said, because there's no crab, no MSG, no cornstarch, and it cook only with cholesterol free or else you'll remember walk out of there with a headache. There were features of full salad bar, sushi bar, fresh shrimp cocktail too, and because you're mom deserves it, the animal coast features a full dessert station featuring pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream and audio favorite toppings and fresh fruit, the perfect ending to a perfect meal and unforgettable feast on Mother's Day of any day. Emerald coast with three locations for you, sunrise, Pine Island, a 44th street, they're on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd in North Miami Beach, and at the end of section of Flamingo and Pembroke's in Pembroke's. So book now for Mother's Day, May 11th, as reservations are going pronto. They're going real fast. All sized parties are welcome, by the way. Let them do the cooking for you, Terimo coast take out deliveries always available too. Call 9-5-4-5-7-238-229-5-4-5-7-238-22 for information on Emile Coast and especially coming up Mother's Day week from Sunday. This is the Kingy. I like to relax by having Mary Magdalene massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour. I don't know what my old face on booing red is for full face, I don't know why they hate me. Oh, why they always hate me, and my feet closed. I touch you, little red is for full face. I'm a face-man, on my arm like a ramic nowly map a laco one. I got things on my nose and nobody knows that under my clothes I wear pantyhors, but that's no mean that I'm gay. If you think my arms are made you ought to see my legs, I might as well keep on smoothing, shave, and show a little glass the next time I'm raping him. I could go to a surgeon, but that's his latest image. I would not want to walk on looking like John Rivers. Where am I? I buy a lovely st- the fat little freep, I did him a favor, but now again I'm on the need. But recently this miss that's thinking fat bastard is me, got I see wooden shotgun, and he can't play conastery. I'm sorry, but nobody talks when I raped a new talk. Look at me, I'm hit hit, I ain't no square, I'm a thing done, ready man, I'm really dead. I buy her anyone I want, I don't care, but wait if they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair. I got my self and even happens to the grapes. With one one said you can add a hair wash we break your legs, so now I sit by the pool, life's as good as it gets. With my pallid and cocktail, placing bets on the gents, and paradise, paradise, and I just nobody's ass in paradise. I'll be sure that not the screw kids when I get the change, but the cleavage aren't ready with my line green pants. What does it take, tell the call and complain, and we just a little thought, so what I like to stay. I think that's funny, I want another sandwich buddy, I can do what I want, but the management loves me. I'm gonna tell you something mo, something you already know, but a lot of years time I want to give to me my own. Who am I to tell, now I am straight, hold on. Who is, who do you want to take no for an answer to that? But it's not you, but I think, it's not you. Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do? Who do you want to do?