I'm going to do it all day. Oh my! Oh my! Oh M. We end with a little Georgie She left me in Georgie We ought to stay home We end up little Georgie We end up little Georgie She left me before you send our men We should have counted 10 Before you go with a crap out of your rack Please listen to the UN win up the new Georgie No, hold up the new Georgie We end up little Georgie Okay, so speaking a little Georgie's Georgie's doing the show again that I'm just sitting in Mommy not really but I'm getting my voice back, but I got like a little post-nasal drip You know what I mean? I don't know you mean it's a nightmarish Now I didn't notice on the schedule yesterday not only is it Joe and Mark filling in for Hank this afternoon is on his way to Vegas for the Reverend Jones fight But Anthony and Flaid are doing their show tonight Right I mean what are we talking about Huh And I noticed smoke given him a bigger plug here this morning to and Mark is good close personal friends Another one of those phony plugs, you know these are the guys that he asked to follow He has to get sandwiched in between these two non-sport shows and cursing them just up and down behind closed doors of course Or speaking that what a great segue Neil thank you The war behind closed doors will be on WDD in Buffalo my public television at midnight tonight I'd be right over dating that So I'm gonna tape it and I watch it early tomorrow before I go on here Oh really But as far as funny I don't take it son on there. I need to WPBT or WSCL I've tried everything with standing on my head on the WPBT website to get their schedules And it's just they don't want to tell you Not necessarily for whatever reason they don't want to tell you just like the mass media doesn't want to tell you that today is Virtual whatever they're calling it day the virtual march virtual march on Washington day If you really want to get the information now there's a link on our website which is very colorful and nifty But if you click that on you really are gonna find out very much If you really want to find out what's going on and how can you can participate go to move on dot org Yes M O V E O N dot org which is the site that James Cromwell gave on now whatever it was entertainment tonight last night Yeah, wasn't that nice that entertainment tonight gave a plug to this there are like Zillions of people participating and of course we have millions of people all over the world again marching yesterday But the media is and in fact CNN is like the cheerleaders I don't know about Fox because I don't watch them. I'm sure that they're really cheerlead. They got pompoms The bar from Trent lot When it was respectable to be a friend of Trent lot, but nevertheless CNN is just cheerleading showed on Iraq How many months have they had this thing on it? The Iraq attack and the rang it all the other crap they've had on there Although I will say now they finally embarrassed MSNBC into dropping the high alert orange logo from the bottle That went on for weeks and it was kind of like a pissing contest like a like a dual You know and then finally CNN dropped it so MSNBC waiting a couple days just in case to make sure they didn't bring it back And then they said okay we'll drop that fast and we can drop filled on a few Although he's right on their heels Tomorrow night last build on a hueshow I mean or Friday night MSNBC fired Kildon he won Tuesday abruptly ending the veteran talk show host return to TV after six months of poor ratings Don he's final show will be Friday night and the news show that precedes him on a air count on Iraq temporarily Will be suspended to our three place him last night. I flipped out of there to see what they were doing because you know you figure if he's getting canned and this story came out yesterday afternoon That they would do something or say something when you think so you'd think now instead they showed an old rerun from about three weeks ago with Peter Jennings as the guest In fact even in the story it says Donna his office referred calls to his agent on Thursday and he did not immediately return to call for comment And what's it to say It says in the story Donna whose chances weren't helped by MSNBC's impatience There are very quick to cancel shows is whoever this guy is Head of ADT research another one those research sure how fits the another ask now. Well right from the start they haven't settled on a format and let it grow so people can find it if it's not working in a few months They cancel it move on to something else. It wasn't going to work Nope Because first of all fill is how old is he 67 Yeah 67 But he's laughing about that's how old he is. You know what he doesn't look a day older than when I used to watch him when I was a child Right he looks about the same guy. He certainly not look as old as mow. Well who does and at least he's got his own hair if your own his own teeth and doesn't have a colossal effect or vericose veins from what that marla says That's marla's own hair he bought it it says marla says he's got his own in the hair too But anyway it was the ratings disaster like everything on MSNBC he's just too old and funny-duddy to you know and of course all those people Who were liables back in the 60s and 70s when he was on the air when he was the you know he was the originator of the format basically At least I'm talking on a big scale. I'm not talking about people like Alan Burke and who is the guy with the Joe Pine But in terms of network talk TV he was really one of the originators and all those people are either dead or they're like you know they're in nursing homes now like me Seriously, no, you're right now. How can we ever call him for Mars? I haven't even said hello yet Now you know this isn't gonna be good. You know that right for Myers hello Hello See what I tell you hello Hello speak to me sir. This is it's called a telephone. This is Alan. Yeah, what miles? Yes, I love the show What a day. I'll tell you kneels back in the air Yeah It's all the other ladies and gentlemen. Is this a funny voice or is this like one last gas before you put your foot in the grave? You're too long for that. Yeah That was good What that yeah, I hung up on him, but oh, yeah another call coming in on his paper on his pacemaker if you're all back Yeah, yeah, the call coming on his pacemaker Alan. Have a nice day Alan okay. Oh, talk to you. That was beautiful. That was hysterical. Have him back on that was probably Phil Donahue doing a voice He did that was a fake voice. He had his grandson calling for him. Come on. That was a fake voice. What's wrong with you man? That's our Florida for even what's on the other coast. It's Florida Out there funeral part land of the walking dead Have an ice day Alan it could be your last from the sun of it. He said he's been listening too long for me to ripen like that Sorry, I'm sorry. Do we want to apologize to no no Anyway, this all is dug and pony shunners Robert Blake on there. He's gonna owners O. J. Look at a CNN certainly not news Certainly not news, but they're sure get everybody primed up for the abush war now. Oh I better do the appoles. Huh Yesterday's pool because it's basically your show. I'm just here filling in the ass. I like yesterday about 95% I'm filling in the gas 30 Come 147 votes pretty good. I'd rather croak that's gonna be our regular pool like once a week where every couple of weeks I'd rather croak then and then we'll have different choices yesterday winning hands down I'd rather croak than vote for George W. Bush 623 50% Just that hair just a curly little hair less than 50% 49.9 I'd rather croak than vote for Hillary 267 21.4% so she got battered pretty good too, but not even in the same league with your tea. He's not starting any wars Yep Rather croak than listen to more Howard David at boy. He has really taken a tumble, you know it 149 votes less than 12% 149 votes out of 1247 back in his glory day. Yeah Back when he was wearing that puze hairpiece Back in those days all he ended was put him on any pool and he immediately like cream would rise to the top Right He'd immediately cream like sour cream. I'd rather croak than by a Michael Jackson CD 121 Then watch another my Tyson 549 and I'd rather croak than drive a Mustang and I'm proud to say even though it came in distant last place with only 39 votes that was my vote and I'm proud of it. Okay, make no apologies for that Here's today's pool and like I've been telling you for weeks now. It's not a question of if it's a question of a win And I'll tell you between March. Sure. I'll give you dates March 10th to the 20th Circle those dates on a counter. I'd even be more specific, but I better not do it March 10th This one it'll be when the worst one won't be to change your previous prediction Well, was it first week of March? Oh, yeah, no, we got to put it off a little bit more than that. All right Just a few days all the way possible Because the you know the seventh it could be as early as the seventh but I'm think so Because we're ready See we have all those troops in position now We have Tommy what's his name Tommy Franks. I get confused between Tommy Thompson and Tommy Franks and Tommy Ferrar And Tommy Franks is over there now. He's getting ready to like lead the very quick war gonna go in there do it very Anastatically and And then he's gonna be like temporary is gonna be the commander in chief very briefly because we'd want to piss off the Iraqis and all those factions over there And then we'll set up some democracy And then it's gonna spread from country to country like a domino effect like a fast domino effect And we're gonna have democracy in the air borough Wasn't girls whether they wanted or not? You'd understand that of course They're gonna have our form of government. They're gonna be involved with all of our oil companies even more than they already are kind of go in Exxon and mobile and all of these people It's gonna be a wonderful thing Be waving the murk and flag or the Baghdad Basically, I think what it comes down to is we're gonna make them an offer they can't refuse So here's our poll question today What's your take on the Iraq attack? Five choices and I realized that maybe there's a little overlap here, but you'll have to pick your own It's kind of just like you know is it's not gonna do it somebody else's huh? No, you have to pick your own. I can't even imagine somebody picking somebody else's nose That that could be the most disgusting thought that I know my mind sure go down. Oh get out here it goes on. I'm sure does Anything you can think of I'm sure somebody's doing it right now. Yeah, and in your crowd. I'm sure my crowd the crowd that you hang out in All the swimmers and purr oh those that that crowd yeah, what's your take on the Iraqi attack here's your five choices It's coming, but I'm against it It's coming I'm all for it It's still can be avoided. I have no clue or it's mostly about oil Don't need to get that Facts you sent me don't feel that great facts before we do the break A sensational facts Very short right to the point It says whatever happened to the good old days when all we had to worry about was who was having sex with the president in the White House For the past few weeks you've heard us talk about floras I tell you all kinds of things have happened in the years that they've been in business there about seven eight hundred years Even before Columbus hit our shore and they're still going strong stronger than ever floras All the other businesses near a long since gone wayside and florist deliver because people love it nothing Enflores comes out of the can it's so fresh it almost slaps you in a push You can tell by that just made fresh taste from the sauce to the firstly made pizza dough and fresh baked garlic rolls That everything is made right there fresh Eflores the portions are gigantic and they use more cheese and meats on their pies than anybody in town You'll be walking out of there with a smile in your face like a well like a walking piece of melted oozing cheese Georgia Miguel of the two and they like the price here as well You'll be fighting for that last life's a piece of its own floras Don't take my word for it. Find out right there for yourself 731 northeast 79 suite out this game boulevard or call floras a 305 7585351 for delivery that's 305 7585351 deliver from 34th in biscuit all the way to 135th in biscuit they'll go to Quasad quicker club the jockey club Flores even delivers as far west as 12th Avenue east of Collins in 71st give McCall and if you guys the little duties He'll tell you about the great pizza specials at floors like 1399 for large cheese pie a liter of soda and six delicious chicken wings all of these things only 1395 call floras now 305 7585351 and be sure and tell them close personal pies on old kneel toward you to call fuck we are great 59 liquid and stick the carry that i got you mile None of them caught. Never long, under my bed. Oh! I got the factory bag and ad-priced, Nook's in Kitties backpacks. There's no way you'll make me dead. Hey, Golden Powell should've looked out of the tower on my hand. I got a paper single eye with me because this is unbelievable. I've got the United States going crazy. Oh, and crazy! Try to convince people to attack me! Except for Sean Khan of course, who's on my side. He loves me like crazy! Funny little cook. Ha ha ha! Oh, get used to a life-a-hard knocks when I give you the small packs. You should've loved a little harder. Silly boys, kiss the toys of this murderer. Thank you very much. Back to you. Wait, wait, wait, wait. So I guess our talk bag isn't working, is it Carlos? He is on the phone. So, in other words, when I was screaming and yelling in him about, do we have a popperous spot? Because I just got the copy from both you and Steve Wolf. But I noticed he wasn't responding. So he had something turned down. He's out of the rainbow of the interleas. He's why when you were screaming. He's here now, but he was out of the room momentarily. Why? Stuff. During a break? During the break? Is the talk back not working, is that what you're telling me? We don't know. Anyway, do we have a? Would you look at the log and see how to conduct business on the ear here in our usual typical QAM amateur hourway because it's an amateur hour radio station? Do we have a pump in a part-spot line because if we do all have to do it, it would be nice if you let me know. There is, you know what time would it be? 11. 11. 11. Thank you so much. So I'm sitting here screaming and yelling and he's not even in there. He's out there. Tula. Probably smoke in a fogging the T-Rome or something So the pull is up. Yeah, you wish you were with a fogging the T-Rome and believe me and had building would be hard to find one 15 votes on a pool just went up. What's your take now? Where did this extraneous stuff come from on here? I'm starting to get a little testies this morning You know what? What extra I don't know what it is, but it's moving on. I have no clue is that an eric and try to be cute I didn't write anything on that. How about Carlos he didn't put that on your did he? I have no control. Sounds like eric trying to be cute to me. I got news for eric I've seen you and you are not cute. Okay, believe me by any stretch of anyone's imagination You are not cute. Speak it Eric. He wants to know what we should put the free message on the pool I thought he had a very busy agenda Eric. Tell him just to get the crap up there Which he already has and go on with his life. Go about his business. We'll be a real good idea Thanks very much Eric, but get lost. Okay, you know I'm saying over involved. This is why we have these problems We have too many people too many out what's that old thing about too many cooks for a bra Too many chiefs and out enough Indians. They say that too. We haven't had one card yet about our QAM billboards yet Now realize it was foggy this morning Probably good because they're so the one now Duff has emailed me copies of both mine We don't know if they're up yet and also the generic one which is on 441 North of Sheridan Street Okay, I wear that insurance. You used to be in a car dealership or I took your coolness forward or whatever that was You know where I'm talking about yeah, no exactly calling the cone used to be there or I'm like some Anyway, oh, not one call that anyway. See, I hate we sold those Q and billboards here We did look neat they're very impressive. We finally got billboards. I'll put that goddamn default to shame on it Ancient it 15 votes. It's mostly about oil six. It's coming. I'm all for it for meaning the war. It's coming on against the three I have no clue Two and then last and certainly least that's changing again. Oh 40 votes. It's still can be avoided one Well, I hit the right to do is to still can be avoided voter, but in meetings Monday would senior officials in Moscow Under Secretary of State John Bolton told the Russian government that we're going ahead whether they security council agrees or not Yeah a senior administration official said the council's unity is at stake in other words We're going to go to it with you like it or not. Well, it's a done deal. This isn't already been made a long time ago A senior diplomat from another council member said his government had heard a similar message and was told not to anguish over Weather to vote for war. You're not going to decide whether there's war in Iraq or not that it will match US officials told him the decision is ours and we've already made it. It's already final the only question I was whether the council will go along and and you wanted to why he went back to the security council for a second vote I give up As a favorite at Tony Blair Hmm, it was getting grilled by parliament today as we see it. I should point out and he did that as a favorite in because he's in political hot water He's up to his earlobes the British public are overwhelming against this and so to try to save his buddy Tony Blair's political ass He agreed as a favor to go back because like this says very clearly when the security council agrees or not We don't give a crap It's just a question of whether they're going to convince the a public the world that they are meaningful which means they agree with us Or that they rendered themselves impotent and useless So this continues more of the same you know if you with this or you an evildo in your against this We're going to go ahead do whatever now. We want anyway. Oh all the other stuff has been a dog and pony show all the inspections have been a dog and pony show Right Whether they have something but they have nothing with they got a lot what they got a little it makes no difference the die has been cast If it can't my drift I just mention that in past yeah, we knew that though I know that but I'm just using it again and we sponsored that I've put it on there because I'm sure that we have some naive people out there Including this one well meaning person says work and still be avoided and that's why all these people are doing this virtual Marching the day people will say hey, let's cut the crap. We didn't know what's going to happen We do know that Robert Blake Is going to be a court today and he didn't do not he's also gonna be on with your friend Barbara He was on last night. He said I don't have any idea what he said And what he's gonna say because I'll have to watch it on TV he wouldn't allow me to Watch it to be pretty to it Or Baba Your good buddy. I know why I Want to look at all the calls coming in about those oh I don't know or not anything in general is a matter of fact I bring you for anything about anything but we had that Allen's from four miles What did you want that was a good start? I thought let's have him on for an hour and we're gonna have Lynn Samuels is gonna call in today In fact, Lynn could probably do the whole show today my throat's a little bit on the wrong side still I feel a lot better But I still have you know cold doesn't go away into a three days. You know, Muff keeps acting like I don't know what his stories I already have one mother. Okay, muff. I already got one You know you have a cold. He's it. Well, so I'll test me. I'm not testing him just you know every day. Cool gets a little bit better It's a cool. I had cool. That's all little head. You should know something about that Right, no comment now, but seriously acting just like my mother or something. I already got one nagging Oh bitch, and I see you said that that's terrible, but I certainly would echo that Haha Anybody on that we're gonna do a quick screen listen put them on right away, I'd even anybody on there So haven't I don't think those billboards are really up. I think this is just another one of those Kind of aims that they're the little gathered photographs that you got Know the not Dr. Photograss it just is like a like a bumper sticker like they had one a couple of made you know Yeah, and he took a picture of it and put it on email. Oh here. Look at this I saw myself was really great And then he told me he forgot to see what the mind was up on 95. Oh 95 and what I don't know He wasn't that specific I see Then there's a great column here. I don't think I sent this to you. Did I? Because we got so many bedtime stories we probably don't have room for this. Are you? I did send it Liberal talk radio it will fly like a dodo. Yeah, you said it It's a grand nickels in the Madison capital times exactly what I've been telling you there's no market for it. Look at Donnie who Look at Donnie who he couldn't get an audience with a butterfly net if he had a group of people going out there and capturing him Forcing him like in clockwork orange Propagher eyelids open with toothpicks and forcing them to watch in a kneel's in home He still couldn't get an audience. There's no market for it. I think I might read this little bit later if my voice holds up And then in case Dennis is listening which I I have my doubts. No, but just in case We don't want to let him down for my new Hampshire priest charge with losting two boys Another one of those goddamn stories are you turning a microscope on to the Catholic church again because you know Yes, we're keeping on a couple of a couple of days ago of all the things that they're tearing a hearing about that was way down here at the bottom They want to hear a lot more about that they want it all screaming and kicking drag out of a closet Whether Dennis likes or not because of course He can handle it being an emotional cripple having been so brainwashed as a as a child My Tom Laman and Joe Prieto of Hall of Potty at GMCR proud announce three great Neal Rogers Neal deal So I want to put your ear right at the radio especially on this station in my crack a little bit Neal deal number one gets zero percent fine in signal GMC 1500 series pickups You heard me right 0% and all 1500 series pickups Neal deal number two Lisa GMC on void for just 299 bucks a month plus tax for 48 months That's correct you're in the numbers right only 299 a month plus tax and Neal deal number three by you a Pontiac vibe For just a hundred ninety nine bucks a month. That's right only a hundred ninety nine a month for a great Pontiac vibe Halice got great Neal deals on use card truck's nest UVs and if you're credit rating is one of the worst in history of mankind Have no fear because how it will get you deal some way somehow even if George has to make the payments As well make somebody it's a great Neal deal triple edg. I'm right now in Hall at 134 on South-Tixie Highway That's US one across from the falls open every day seven days a week for more info called the Neal deal hotline tool free 1 triple 8 534 42 11 that's one triple 8 534 42 11 no frigate all Neal deals are Subtip credit approval CD or four details Hall of Pontiac GMC who shot from the rooftops. We are professional grade What do you weigh in You You Neal Joe He's rich. He's handsome. He has great taste in furniture and he has 20 beautiful women interested in him But there's a twist He's not interested in them It's Joe homosexual Boxes newest reality romance show see what happens when these lovely ladies try to get Joe at switch teams But he didn't want to talk to me at all He just wanted to see more pictures of my brother don't miss Joe homosexual We were supposed to have her romantic dinner together alone, but I didn't know he was also bringing clips his Friend and be sure to catch the final episode of Joe homosexual when Joe pops the big question Yes For a few minutes Homeosexual right after Boston public bath house only a fox 931 560 WCA and we apologize for Neal have an a cold and bad throat so I'm filling in and George too And thank god Lynn called like right off the bat early in the show so we don't have to sit around and holding our breath Yeah So I responded you're in Florida. I can't believe it. I love Florida. Yeah, you're the one I'm the what well you know I'm old yeah, and I live in New York, you know I don't want it's snow is it's called a sourbline never gets to go out It's sunny here sweetheart. It's 20 below zero Celsius. It's minus four Fahrenheit. It's colder than a which is behind And you don't mind see it's wherever you live Yeah, yeah, hey, whoever you're Is that one of this? I think that's what I sure hate it there. I'll take it that like boys a grib I've only hated if I live here Now you didn't see I know you didn't cause everybody emailed you on this you didn't see Goro Fidel on the crossfire last night No, I didn't make you know they replay every other show I'm seeing them later on except not crossfire Thank goodness you probably wouldn't be among the living right now you had to probably blown your brains out of you saw that Why does somebody with his brilliance with his intellect although he is looking for every old and fidgety in nervous But why does somebody of his brilliance Deamine himself I go in honor because all they do on that show now is use people as props and Carver last night the devanes in his forehead were popping out He and Carlson said they're in scream and scream and a holler and a desperate attempt to get some audience And all they did was use goro vidal as a prop and he just sat there like what happened to me? You know it was it was very sad because Corval is supposed to be on the left But he's a tool of the establishment too. Yeah, but he's a little less He's the tool of the entertainment establishment and that's all that that shows all about it's got nothing to do with you know Politics or with a personal convictions. It's only got to do it like let's put on a big show and get crazy and see we can get some numbers here But they have no lighting CNN See there's crossfire CNN Answerating crossfire has no ratings nobody have one they don't do it's who bad Well the two better than Dona here they still have a job. Yeah What Phil did you see well? See no You know like well is he anyway? No, I don't use a disgusting pig a cow But she was so great with Dona here. She was so great against the war She was warned it's because I agree with who about guns in the ward doesn't mean that I like her There are a lot of people that may have that opinion does mean I like them. She's disgusting. She's nauseating And she's leaving Florida. Oh, thank God. There's the best news I've heard in years leave it till then same It was to give us a good piece of news Rosio Donald next if you can tell us that Oji's leading will have a party will have a parade in the streets Well she's leaving. She's trying to sell the mansion. You know it's so hard these days to sell those mansions Yeah, I know well times are tough now that she don't know more magazine no more TV show But she's leaving she doesn't want to bring up her children in a day with her own for a while Gay adoption why do you have to lunch? Why didn't she adopt like 15 or 20 more would be a good idea? And because I think give her girlfriend doesn't want anymore. Yeah, I think her girlfriend thinks that they have enough What are they? I don't know. I don't know. I have stopped counting. I really don't know and I don't care I really feel sorry for them be honest with him No, they have a mansion and upstate new year. She's selling her fancy new York apartment too Yeah, she's just gonna stay in Nyanken and you know she bought Helen Hayes this old house Now, did you inherit like millions of dollars sometime along the way because you know W abc screwed you over and canned your ass And now you're doing a weekend thing on that long island station W lie that nobody is that the name of the station? Yes Is that so long island expressed way not so long? Yeah, oh, is that what that stands for it? That was a big lie But we sort of meant lie that we don't have to that's what we're gonna change in a QA and we'll steal our colors W lie we lie a lot that would be good for us. That's what it works So I want to change their call winners So how many people actually get to here on that station? Not many They're only 1100 watts, but you know how in comes new radio shows on that station too Yeah, have you met him? Oh, Alan I know Alan for years Yeah I tell you what they want You know I like him he's a nice guy, but he's supposed to be a liberal and he's just such a wimp and a what it's wimp and a worse. That's right Who is that old guy that used to be on crossfire that the old guy would have white hair that looked like he was We had one foot in a grave. He looked like Alan our first color this morning from the highest Oh, I forgot when it was really the mid to beginning of crossfire. Yeah, they had Michael Kinsley on for a while Who's really wimpy and torpy on them. He had this old guy who is supposed to be liberal and he used to like snooze in the middle of show He'd fall asleep on camera. I forget who it was. I didn't have cable team So anyway, you love this article a liberal talk radio. It'll fly like a dodo by John Nichols and a Madison capital times it's on a common dreams website And he's right on target. There's no market for it I mean, I know you'd like for a market because you'd get on to it. Which would be great, but there isn't any market I did it on to it. No, there's no one for one They want to have a flank and they don't want anybody who actually knows how to do radio Yeah They're not doing that. We're looking for you. They're not looking for me They're looking for stars and you know when else I think I'm sure you figured this out Did they want somebody who's gonna just give the Democrat party line? Right, you know, they want somebody to repeat you know whatever Tom dashing was thinking that's a well, I wouldn't do that Mm-hmm. I need to what I So you know, we don't you know, we don't fit in We want to miss it Yeah, you're right to miss fits. That's why we email back in 420 30 times a day because nobody also speak to you They're one of us that's my purpose. We don't know I never go out. Yeah, I mean here when I'm here Yeah, I lay on the beach But in New York I like I'll care to keep your eyes open honey for gonna lay on the beach and my me beach Yes, and that amazed we want to keep you alive. They might run your ass over in fact It might be some of those right wing or say oops that was that Lynn saying those bitch We just ran over yeah, long on as easy to run over as those girls You know, they were pretty like slaps to the beach. Yeah, you know well, you know They were suddenly I'm kind of Chubby they were French too don't forget Yes, they're probably yelling how do you say stop and French you know I'm hoping it was only an accent, but I do keep in mind that they were French now the new deal is That up in Palm Beach County. Did you see this story in the Sun Sentinel? Well, you wouldn't see the Sun Sentinel where you are French fries are feeling a heat in Palm Beach County County Commissioner Brut Aaron said wants to go after a French fries He says he won't even mention the name He wants to change the name to freedom fries or American fries and it would all the other things that are going on in the world This is the kind of silly asses we have running a government in South Florida Important that's the only is important. This is the one we're breaking into view tonight. Yeah, I was I'm Pretty close. I think freedom fries didn't stop and I had the story on my website I think it started North Carolina and now they're just all copying Yeah, filter down now. Did just getting on the freedom fried bandwix It's when McDonald's does that that we know we're a big trouble McDonald's got their own crosses the bear Well, why just as you go in there, I don't know about them here, but New York you go in and you say like a double cheeseburger And they say oh, you'll have to wait They never have anything cooked You know and you go well, this is supposed to be like fast food because it is in good So it's been you know you're not supposed to have to stand there for five minutes while they you know They did they cooked the fries cooked the hamburger Well, and then that's what Burger King thought that they were gonna get him on that whole business about have it You're away, you know and all this business about hold the pickles hold the lettuce special orders Don't have to ask me that regaining and then they come to find out that it was okay that you get whatever you want But it tasted like like rubber like they were slicing up good-year tires Well, they all taste like there's a whole point in that food is just the fat That's what tastes good the fat They wanted just like sell the fat Fat on a bun sounds good that's sounds good to me. I bet your old steam will like that Everyone likes a channel. I say this fat on a bun Doesn't win sound like she's looking like she's auditioning to fill in for the next summer sure Come on down. I'm not that's George's job Very uncompetitive person. That's the problem and I don't well just being a woman doesn't help You know I don't understand why you didn't fire I maybe you did I don't know if I the big lawsuit against W ABC I'm thinking of it, but you can't prove anything okay hold on But let me do the break them when we come back I want to encourage you to suit her as then I'll get I'll take my share okay. Okay Hold on yeah, let's keep learning on for while okay. Let's so you know But what about all these other calls That's my point You And beat the gator me in this fast-paced hurry up world you need all the energy you can get that's why there's new triple calf coffee Triple calf has three times the caffeine of regular coffee to give you a real boost when you need it So if you're a doctor triple calf really helped me focus scuffle I said double damage a teacher Johnny run to the teacher's lounge and get me another mug of triple calf just bring the whole pot and the rest of you Shut up or airline pilot Played on She's to new triple calf coffee. It's triple good. In fact. I'm gonna have some more right now Where's my fucking mug 1946 had five 60 WQM Lynn Samuels is on with us on the phone for a little bit because she's in about the beach Can't ready go out and bacon a son and fly Fly like a like a beach dwell Yes, yes, that's perfect You see me and I'll we could all in 40 or 50 times couldn't we you bet you we certainly could I don't want to say that I had some less these turtle ice cream in the video. Good for us. Oh, maybe I look for that all over New York and I know I'm never gonna find it sorry Best thing that ever happened to you is not finding it I think it's like hands and and tell a million everything Getting back to WABC. I don't want to talk about food. I don't want to do that because then you go out and you'll go on a binge and you'll blame me for it No, what actually happened there on WABC? Can we talk about this sir? Well, I guess they said they've paid me that extra 13 weeks for the six weeks they had a pay me I can say anything Okay They just called me up and said We're canceling your show because we can afford you It's budget cuts yeah, and I said excuse I walked one day a week You know, I made like $25,000 this is Disney right and I said but I have highly evading since well, I don't want to mention but you know She should talk to George Yeah, why can't you say who you're talking about why don't be a word? I don't want to hurt his feelings. Oh, I guess he that marks the most you know more See we we don't even have any idea who that is Oh, they don't good he does so if somebody says well I have higher ratings than him I had higher ratings than than the Stylistee We can show I Really great ratings for the weekend right and he just in all my boss Mr. Boyce Just kept saying well we can afford it. It's just budget cuts budget cuts And that was it and so how do you know the real reason why they can't you? Wow, I don't That's why I probably can't sue them But they gave one reason now I think bashing bush and you know Reminding everybody week after week he wasn't even a waxy right leading us into war safety Economy down the crap are right you know looking back nostalgicly you know with Monica and you know Everything going on you know goes with a glory days weren't they? Make sure work compared to this you better believe it we were happy everybody had money There was no war you know Clinton was trying to make peace You know one of the holiday years that one So I think that and you know I'm not George or what this you want I'm not like the biggest fan of Israel So I think all those things you know kind of How do I mean George George will like that and I wouldn't like it I ripped them an assiest today right here I'm a good one as a matter of fact You're a day right in and I'm more like to even further than you I tell you like with George So now as you becoming an anti-Semitic Jew in your old ages that we're saying well you know They've been right wing religious for now. I'll tell you one thing if you do move this off Floor you'll become anti-Semitic and about a week and a half I guarantee of that Oh every time I go into public what if with them running into you with their shopping cards What is this the demolition derby she hasn't heard about the ankle paramedics and put up so There's anybody to help you out It's like amazing because that's something it doesn't happen You are Things happen in New York but you can go into a supermarket without a hand for people just bashing you with those cards So that's why that I mean you know so they said they find me for budget reasons But it's interesting that they fired Glory or red or KABC around the same time and they fired the Washington DC station WMAL the ABC station data wibble woman named Victoria Jones and they fired her So it did look like a purge of wibble women There's just not this series of coincidences Yeah, probably you know was just you know happened by accident You know when people I call the couple of lawyers and you know what they all say you should never sue For sex discrimination Because I'm just gonna sue you know because I'm a woman they all say it's better to do it for age How about how about both how about being an old woman yeah? Well, that's good you know about like sitting that category and old Jewish woman and old babacheke how about that? That would be an original Uh, they have played the interrupt to their behind and Jewish don't let Disney I guarantee if Disney was still alive He'd be rolling this grave But they were white wing Jews yeah, I think that that doesn't being far enough to the widest you get further to the wider white South Jewishness if you go yeah, that could be it like Richard Pearl Oh All of those guys Oh You know people keep saying my words they're radio station and how can you sue them and they can do anything they want Now I'd love it if I could sue them and get money. I'd move down here You were one of the few people that really enjoyed last year unless you were just making it up About when I was reading on the year for four hours every day doing those bedtime stories you about one of the I would have a handful He's hard to enjoy because it meant he didn't have to do anything but I know I just like it But it's not you I never I probably ever read articles on the air. Yeah, the audience hated it I know that's why I hardly ever do it when I do it I insert my own comments about every three words Yeah, that article I have up today that Robert's this thing about seeing it how CNN is gonna sense of the war news Yeah, I got that yeah, yeah, it's a great article that you're making the whole audience you know would be in a comment five minutes Hahaha You have to trust them that they're gonna read at themselves But they're not they're not gonna read are you? Am I audience you heard the calls that I get now you tell me you get intellectual colors in New York? Would it be your end? I you so I did it we ain't be seen W abc was like not such a stupid station when I went there You know like 14 years ago and even you know maybe eight or nine years ago But the more they put on like just white wing propaganda the war any audience with a brain stop listening you know so I did you to get pretty smart calls but not toward the end you know then you did all of you and so push why don't you forget that he wasn't elected you know forget this is the only president ever put in office by the Supreme Court pretend that happened all the time yeah that's why they gave it rockbook is so good because it's got a little background if they need to hit him through its time story and what really happened well there's so much in that book that's not true me or that I don't know what I can trust such as what well I don't know such as comments about his friend of mine it couldn't be madrudge could it well it could be yeah well so none of that is true so it really did you know kind of makes me just trust the but so none of his he made all those stories up I would think so yeah well there might as a matter of some of you made that stuff up because when you're a public figure how hard it is to sue somebody yeah so I thought it you know Tom Cruise got a millions of dollars for it yeah but you know didn't nobody read the book anyone was at the David Brockham yeah I mean it didn't do that well was what on the best so I was for like a couple of so in other words you don't believe this this story is about how they used him to destroy any of your own you know you know obviously they used him you know because they would use anybody but you know there is just because when you know some of the people somebody's writing about you know that he's lying the political stuff I believe most of what's in the book you know the political even that story who is the Laura ingram supposedly drunk crawling on the floor right yeah well see that kind that stuff I just go all right David you know he wasn't a mental institution allowing his writing it is something which which kind of takes away from his credibility I think it adds to it well here in power saying well case of rasa you know I guess we'll just pick into is whatever sounds good man we'll believe that you know what the best book is did you read the Humphing of the president no oh my god oh you got it I mean it's all I don't even know if you could even still get it it's Joe Kahnison and Gene Lyons yeah and it's the history from way back in Arkansas how they went out to build Clinton you know like only many acts like you and me could even get through that book but it's and it's it's got everything going back you know to the when Clinton was governor and it just shows you know how they made it all up they were out to get it's it's the horrifying to read that book you would love it the hunting of the president Joe Kahnison and Gene Lyons I'll find it into a documentary movie here in Toronto we have a place called the world's biggest largest bookstore something like that and it is a tumogas like three floors we've got every book that's ever been invented I'll find it well plus you can also you like me one instant gratification because you can probably get it from Amazon and I can't wait that long yeah I can't either is that terrible yeah and new work practically has no book stores any but that's it that's another interesting to know book stores in Florida the notebook stores practically any more in New York because everybody has to watch Joe millionaire West going to read a book there you go okay I'll let you go have a good time don't to the fried too much on the beach and keep your eyes open Lynn and watch your throat okay I'm drinking right now okay thanks I'll email you later okay bye bye bye watch your throat I wonder what you meant oh you're so cute oh we makin' on this is Joe born the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God they just increased us to high alert status but no one blows up my brand new Dutch Stratus I've been a wrenkses they gave us the news popping out and with a big place of fools I keep the desk mask in my bus compartment I call ring back for a bomb proof apartment reinforce my front door with center blocks wonder if that will keep on the small pots checking my mail more that deadly white powder stalking my covers with a tammals clamped out her living on orange alert she ain't no fun I think the terror is already won my third hit take it I won't be against if it goes to red all for the covers up over my head and shall stay in bed give it I'm no dummy no way got very little voice although it's coming back but it's still the lummy I want you side just a cold off okay just come down I just get through with a stroke two and a half weeks ago whatever it was I got a little head cold because it's 100 below zero right and you think that people would just leave me to hell alone no one's so slacker just leave me to hell alone let me just come in here and do the best I can and fumble my way through the show I'm getting my voice I was just drinking some herb tea like Lynn was saying I had my tea there just made a pit stop in the tea room so what's up more could you want like I said I'm no more on a kill the half an hour there with Lynn and then we got that noon to one hour because it's Wednesday the comedy bits so we got a basically two hour show today excellent all right and then tomorrow of course at eleven thirty tomorrow morning the trends come out the number right little kills some good time and we got marlins exhibition baseball marlins in the orials at twelve fifty tomorrow which means we get off ten minutes early we'll tell you guys out there used to that get in off ten minutes too soon to those in other reason we got screwed with the whole uh... ten to two nine one move or sure there's another reason why we hate ten to two is because now instead of getting a real bonus I mean if we're on ten to two we begin an hour ten minutes uh... off tomorrow but not anymore those were the days ten to two we had a real even when we had and when the whole look at the phone right now must no calls you know because i'm too bad they're liberal too much as a global propaganda although i will say this on the poll so far about eighty votes only twenty one point two percent say on the rack attack it's coming in on for it you see what i said yeah so the other choices on air including the doto birds who don't know what else going on uh... seventy nine percent are not for it huh and then friday of course is our big anniversary show uh... which you got planned for that little lost my throat no watch out and if i would and like to act and we'll watch my back to because even all not there you got to watch your back you know what's going to evil doors in that building our planning behind the scenes you don't want to say you know the dangerous dvs nasty two-faced rotten sons of bitches i don't want to mention a by-by name because we don't deal with personalities on his show you know that i was lint so reluctant to mention anybody's name and i don't know see i thought she was a pit but i listen to her show but she needs to uh... you know put your little bit right heart the lover but you got to put your little honey maybe because she was a was on my show and she was just a little bit i don't know he doesn't want to stay on the list and she wanted to have another outgold scene episode you know or it's a good idea which is the last thing we need you know please but i don't want to put it in that category not that fat not that but control no not that perverted oh no i don't know if she is i have no idea and by the way lint you would want to know what's talking about those uh... cold steel instruments not me so don't you know force that's what i don't know what they were not shaped exactly oh it's because i'm almost i almost forgot my story i don't care whether it's boring to read i'm not going to do a lot of reading anymore but i'm i'm not going to sit here and try to like re-write redo these stories it is pointless right i mean some of these you know takes 30 seconds in it to get to the point across former new hamster priest has been molesting two boys a rolin catholic priest was arrested massive two shit yesterday in charge with raping two young boys two decades ago in new hamster how they like that i don't like that raping two boys gang rape is funny the revenge ozev maguire was assigned a very new hamster perishes during the seventies in his which charge with raping two boys under age thirteen and dova between nineteen seventy seven eighty one no no it's just a teenager like sixteen year old they're not right under thirteen in fact what uh... does it say in here what the ages were i'm looking at the rest of this oh yeah the one kid was arrested uh... was uh... rape rather uh... between the ages of nine fifteen was molested starting nine agar faces three cats if aggravated philonia sexual assault which includes rape 23 cats of philonia sexual assault and eight cats of sexual assault he faces more than two hundred years in prison convicted of all charges right i don't and let's start right now not long enough and like i told you the media that it was a little frenzy about this for a while and they had the big meeting in Dallas and then the popat on the big dog and pony show there the Vatican and they uh... you know made a big deal like they really cared about and they swept it all of the table and everybody forgot about it all we got other more important part of the night club in four oh we got the disco in four oh we got the night club in chicago we got the uh... the Columbia tragedy right we got uh... the drug court right right the drum beats of war and oil so how can we got rubber plate like galins said how can we bother with something as meaningless is uh... child molesting priest and rabbi's in uh... ministers and stuff like that that's a catlicker problem anyway yeah right because you forgot to start we had about the rabbi the other day oh yeah i did forget what they said what makes this worse what makes this worse than almost any other kind of child abuse is that these people first of all our hypocrites because they're pretending to be so what's sanctimonious and so much better than the rest of us number one and number two because they're the ones who are in the you people in trust their children to right i mean at least a school teacher that's not good either but at least with a school teacher school teachers aren't necessarily sin well i'm better than your kids who then you are better human being they're not saying that i'll try to be a bit of god but with these priests who are pontificating if you're part of the expression and and uh... you know sitting in example and there's so much better and there are holy and there's so little because sex is evil and dirty all of a sudden and then come to find out that there are a bunch of papers like that asshole i had the i don't know how well you could see that that naked please you put it on the site so we can really clear this up on fortune and talk about a good diet and one way or rapid that for the next several years take a look at that porcupine yeah that's right a big party back with this cartoon on i like that word of fact we're gonna i think we can make some big rush with that you flash comic on the old russian that's all folks yeah god i guess we should take some calls i should take some pictures sure when it that's looking to pull first as we approach to a vote senator pull what's your take on the rack attack it's mostly about oil seventy one it's coming but i'm against the fifty six it's coming on four forty three twenty one point seven percent pretty weak uh... it's still can be uh... it changed again still can be avoided fifteen and i have no clue fourteen it cannot still be avoided now who's being naive k yeah right presidents and senators don't have men killed but now who's being naive uh... just a city is just whole populations what a great line that was and we got time he frank so that he's gonna be the the uh... american in charge so let me take over to kill us on a course immediately if not soon we got the head on out on him see i don't understand if we're gonna be a like and maybe i'm crazy call me crazy when we're first got crazy but then rather when over interview him right right the mince on clips of that last couple of nights and hoping it on the good morning i don't want to be on morning we don't know what you watch is and about uh... sixty-hour minutes two well miss for this uh... how old is dan rather would you say about seven is okay late he's got to be getting up there right well he's made a nice living all these years i like that rather a lot don't give me a while watching every night religiously i like to be a news whether job robber's is there a day and i just i just like their news but how come they stand rather got in here he couldn't do like in uh... got father three yeah with the glasses well with the glasses with something a pen a pen maybe a poisons cigar look how well worked on Castro the poisons to go uh... that worked really well i know why dan didn't tax it on why's that you got a little choked up is that we did say he's got no bullets two little emotional oh i got a good idea what's have done and more let's see how this is going to show all right you got one of the other one now i got him all right i want to get back to back here one moment please well a few of this up here we go listen carefully not as good as i thought was going to be but isn't that a possibility i mean we're going to spend and today they say it's got a cost what was the figure hundred billion dollars this war yeah and that's just for starters look at all the money that is a application so you know what white white you know he could have been a human bomber they could have put a bomb in the camera that's my point we're talking about one man and he's like associates there and of course if they got him his son and all these others yeah like all you uh uh uh uh run had to pop up the hills man that's right that's what we need to do but then see if that's what it was really all about see a lot of people because they're morons and because they're like uh simple incident watching too much showman here they forget this was supposed to be about regime change yeah because he's an evil door he's a dangerous man now it's about weapons of mass destruction and he has all of these things even though rummese fellow was standing here shaking his hand back at nineteen eighty three or four whatever it was right on the heels of when he poisoned his own people supposedly with a poison gas that we supplied to him right on the hills of that we were congratulating him because at that time the evil door was the iotolico mani see so because of the fact that we picked as as usual we picked the lesser two evil so we thought Iraq against Iran and that war and by the way the Iranians also poisoned uh their own people poison gas yeah with nobody talks about anymore no both both countries use chemical weapon how much oil do they have uh that's that's uh imaterial i see not about oil okay but at any rate so uh the Iranians uh did all the and and at that time he was a good guy we liked him no matter what he did and that's why we have those photos now that everybody seen a rummese fellow there shaking his hand what are we smiling his face and now it's no longer expedient for us to be in there because we don't have those sama's address and so we must find somebody we must label we must put the bulls eye on somebody else's hand and we know as a real scumbag and i'll say this let's get him but let's go get Castro too all right right let's start close to home and move outward and hey don't don't don't you think Castro is a lot more dangerous to the u.s than then uh sama no question he's 90 miles away look at all the problems he's caused domestically just because of the torture in your own people and people in jail and slaughtering people and the way you want right right here we have this island 90 miles off the shore and i've never been one it says we gotta go in here and like you know do that but if that's the case if we're not gonna go spreading democracy around the west of the world behind out star close to home or he's a hell of a whole dangerous we didn't pan them all we didn't hatey what's wrong with that then some guy who's army we've all we already disemboweled over there yeah who's about his dangerous is Robert Blake quite frankly not even just had a monorescent if you see him yeah he looks uh not good it is so let's say about the people guy size matters big time according to the flow to the Department of Labor computer professionals who got really big ones and of course we're talking about paychecks according to the state of Florida computer careers are among the highest paid in the highest demand fast-ranking up you achieve your new high paying computer career in just four short months fast-ranked got locations all over town so does vonna be one nearby you they're in Kendall Miami for the federal and pemberpines with the evening we can skisels there's absolutely no excuse to stay in a crappy dead-in job making a poultry sum and working for some schmuck when you can start making big bucks so call our friends at fast-rank right now 1-866 fast-trained that's 1-866 fast-trained they got full-time job placement and guaranteed financing too call fast-trained toll free and get yourself on a way to a real serious job at a big fat paycheck 1-866 fast-trained or check them out of the web at fast-trained.com you can roll around all you want and never spill your phone it if the best night's leave you though I'm getting super star Jim a little bit sleep on the booty rest and the home that painted the ass you and sir were in it man have like go bad you need to get yourself back with a brother no I'm saying or anyway like I was saying all new booty rest backers just hit the size for your back side there's the g-low buschicura on the ultimate and the cold the old booty rest mattress when you are as mean some sleep back home 10-17 at 5-60 WQAM Joe and Mark this afternoon for the humpers not as way to Vegas for that they're Reverend Jones fight and then we got shit go panther preview at 7-apanters in the anti-money ducks Brian Murray B. Amazon Ashbochman is in with the ducks or friend play we're out plitty well as here about the least last time my final score at Toronto five islanders too oh right here at the ACC guys go on boys panther's at our 7-30 we got any chance in the hockey game from GA and uh and uh Anthony and vlog overnight which is it's that drip isn't it I'm gonna get pardon the drip huh don't be worried about to my drip you okay I got a little drip drip bitch I'll tell you it was a little drip is that choice draftward this thing that you just facts to me he doesn't get it at all how long has he been working there I think maybe we ought to get raw back get a much larger penis that's what's the answer then Troy he small pizet is that Troy doesn't get it he thinks he's like a golden Buddha you know he can walk around at ballhead whatever really heavily shaved head you know it was more to golden brown Buddha supposed to rub him on his head I your your clueless man he's telling me to say this and to say that and I'm not gonna do that you're out of your own a wrong show must do I don't play that game for anybody he'll give me instructions on my life see that's one thing about the sales department well we're gonna have some guys come in here and rebuild your house for I don't think so oh wow why not you know it's like the guys on the streets and Amsterdam coke extra see no I'm not interested why not because I'm a booser because I'm just not I have to explain it to you I have to give you a reason why don't watch your crap that's right you can't just say no I look at the phone we had a bunch of calls on here just because I didn't get right to it maybe they think we're not taking a day which wouldn't be a bad idea and because I didn't get right to them they all went away except for one was you know how good it could be it's been under 41 minutes 41 minutes from Delray Beach so who could this be hello it's the 12 to one hour take a bite boy card it hmm two at me yeah buddy boy 41 minutes he waited for that card it oh my god so when's Linda calling back she's not I mean I was going on that's why she's down here to have the on vacation to have some a son and fun or whatever oh she's down here she's over on the beach yes she's over on the beach and she's probably figure of speech she probably would miss grudge right now as we speak well I want to buy her lunch hey listen that's between you guys okay maybe she doesn't like you well he is she is the poem for your uh oh I know but you know no fence that would be a good poll to take who would we either have fill in next summer Georgia or then Samel most of these people don't know from them Samuel yeah unless they're from New York I should have given you a case on huh we could put a few of her tapes on so that they can you know get an idea why do you mean now would be good it would be great we can cause one of the time now here's candle hello we're candle hey hey doing you okay question for you sometimes I got a question for you just got to say I got a question for you do you have great company with the party lines on the on the democratic platform you do know I do not of course not I can sometimes you sound a little bit just I'm not interested in how I sound what say let me say this to you okay it's good is it on everybody's jerks I'm not interested in defending where I'm coming from okay this business about wow you know I you can't debate me I'm not interested in debating anybody they don't pay me to do a debate if you want to go do a debate go to the debate class okay go back to school debate debating class I'm interested in expressing my view points I'll listen to people who are reasonable which obviously is nobody because we don't have one call on a board right now and that's it but I'm not gonna be oh well you know do you are you and what if I didn't believe the party line I said here day after day talking about both parties suck in this asshole is called me do I believe the whole party line got all mighty if I had you right here so I jump into the goddamn bottom of my swimming pool and just stay there they don't have a concept of original opinion everybody just compare it to the deal with things based on each individual issue capital punishment all for it okay women's right to choose all for it things that people's right to youth in Asia to decide when to end their own lives all for it we need a million doctor jacks all over the world this business about liberal and because that's an obvious why that whole concept of a liberal talk radio network that went out with high button shoes okay went out with high button shoes if you read any of the stories on our website today on the arraggies dot com be sure and read that one about what a joke that is about liberal talk radio it'll fly like a dodo and he's right they'll go over like a pregnant poor water it'll go over like a french fry and hollywood all of it here a lot of people in french fry and hollywood we have a lot of fun yeah right to know is to burn errands and okay my good commissioner friend there on Palm Beach County hey to make it easy a bird by the way happy for him do we miss for him i don't know i thought it was smart twenty six the fribory i'm thinking it's like in fribory in fact maybe that's where we're gonna launch the attack on a rack is on a drop of luck of home and touch on the arachies and we're gonna do we're not gonna drop the the ones with the um poppy seeds right to drop the prune dating oh no the prune home and touch and we're dropping on the arachies on poor um yeah there you go that'll teach you huh and we're not given them any toilet paper so by the way Sodom there you go no oh my god i think we missed it try to find the Jew calendar in there somewhere here's a call from Miami Buenos deus come morning yes sir i'm not really interested whether you're right or left i'm more concerned about the fact that you start your day off with a poll every morning how stupid and predictable so i guess we're gonna look at oh him again speaking of predictable yes speaking of it's all he can talk about that's part of the show asshole man of course you listen to every god damn day and then again that's an example of the kind of calls we get on his show lint that's what we get we got the same miss fits out there the sports show they got the same 50 or 70 miss fits they call all the sports show every day all day and we get the same doesn't idiots who have nothing to say pressure to right and so he says the same thing we even put up on a poll how predicted below the poll just for him just in his honor and if you don't like anything about the show by by but he wouldn't turn it off without the chance to rest of it there is the guy and and then see you're trying to be right yeah oh just another softblood a miss but he's unhappy because he was my head cold i sound a lot happier than he is now sure that i am see because one thing i don't do is there's a program on tv i know it's a very revolutionary concept if a program comes on a movie whatever and i don't like it i change the channel if i'm in a car and i'll steal the radio something comes on a song show i don't like it i change the channel i don't sit there make the effort to call up and wait on hold and say oh yeah you know and didn't like that you know like a dog barking at the moon that's what a lot of you people are you like a bunch of assholes and i hate to put you in a category with a dog because it dog most dogs are noble creatures and shun on hollywood says being a dog of ever myself sat in here that tiny's got a big microwave in a sky my deepest of these thank you shun also always remember the day you brought him into studio that's a day that any calve at a lesson step then tiny's i remember that right away that was funny and also the near doggy drowning story had me and us swarming my DVDs with laughter that's a true story that's a reason tiny last of as long as he did was he took that little dog that i discovered on my way to the front room just mention that passing otherwise he'd fall in my pool jor you know my pool i know you're pool yeah don't press don't send it back there i'm going to like start whaxing his ball spot okay he really really bugs it yeah he's a good guy he's he's out of control he doesn't get it he just doesn't get it seems that a lot of his just a slug thing with the balance for like you remember that business we had with the right beast and then it was a fact boy and it was you know you can't tell many of these people anything because they're the experts all our sales holes they're the experts okay when it comes to be an asshole our sales department and that's especially and my supposed to be doing a break now or what whatever you want you got me doing somebody got them live spots that buy a new now probably have to play comedy bits of horror everybody's got a different lifestyle we only different things to help us be healthy that's why you ought to check out all the omead ministering informus because they got advanced combinations a pharmaceutical great olive oil with vitamins minerals levels other than trids and there's something to be so I'm not that's wrong for all of you to hear my help the sports special health needs all get it off stop it they're playing spots for my stroke day and I'm embarrassed for it I sound like I'm I'm in the more in the more in the session why I listened to what that one this morning I didn't think it was anything wrong with it you didn't think there was anything wrong with it no like that Monday when I came in the day for at my stroke and I'm trying to explain I had a stroke and I'm slowing my words and oh it's how so clear it was like you always are slowing your words let me do the spot live okay sure sorry I mean we're nice enough to send me all that oil you man I might as well do them or real sponsor just just plain some crap just so you can put it on a log that a ran you know so it can charge these nice people for it I'd like that crap I'd like that whole QA mentality just give us the effort money you know that kind of thing anyway for years I've been telling you about the health benefits of all you made and I've kept telling you because this stuff really works I'm taking it now for my cold all you might soft yels contain pharmaceutical grade olive oil not ordinary plain pedestrian olive oil but super concentrated and loaded with health benefits. Olimit everyday can upreduce the risk of heart disease in high cholesterol too plus there are 14 different olio met formulas to choose from and they sent me a sample pack of each one by the way each one combines pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins, minerals, and herbal to support specific health needs from bones to blood pressure to your immune system just choose the formulas that are right for you and what you need and now they've got three exciting new olio met formulas one to help you sleep one to help you control your weight and cook you 10 for your heart. Pick it up it's all over town now more and more people are pop and olio met everyday pick some up to the eight publics watch out for the ankle paramedics and echryds walgreens whole food markets new varnas adanos or order it online at olio metamerica dot com for information column tool free one eight six six olio met that's one eight six six six six five three sixty six thirty three get your all your my today and start feeling better just about right away my life and local here sports radio five sixy two a two a yeah welcome to a yeah it's really trying to help you in a big way well there she is let's ask her bedding that's a domes ring your wearing g must be great you make me happy it's a thinking you wanna out there mosque today by the way wiser yes we see a is death come on theater beer They, they, he came from the wrong side of town They, they came from the wrong side of town They told me he was fellow Never shake a shower, a change to tower That's why I fell for the rubber rack One day my dad said, I saw one new I had to tell my son damn with which music I told him my couldn't wait for him to go ahead And while I'm Kuwait, that's when he shot me The deeter of the rack There's no time to turn to death, no more 156.56.5.6.5.6.5.6. I'm so sorry ask you a question, George. Do you agree with the entire platform of the Democratic Party? Oh, every last splinter of it. Good. Because otherwise, yeah. 560.5.6.5.6.6. On the AT&T in Verizon, airless line. Yes, never had an original opinion. I only agree or disagree with other people. Good. That's the way to do it. Kind like Bert Aronson, a county commissioner, wants to do the thing with a French rise. Admittedly got the idea he read that Khabi's restaurant in Beaufort, North Carolina Switch from serving French to freedom fries. So in Palm Beach County he wants to be as much of a Yahoo as some redneck from Beaufort, North Carolina. And I mean, it's tragic. It's pathetic. It would be funny if it wasn't so sad. It is sad. In fact, according to the story, some of the people that they talked to in the diners and various other places, and they said, it's silly. It's ludicrous. It's ridiculous. You jackass. So one thing we discovered about Howard County committee, Eric O'Pontman, excuse me. For I was got enough of its own problems. Pompys County Commissioner, Bert Aronson, we discovered these in asshole. Make no mistake about it. Okay. Old Yetzes, that's the people that run south photo. Mine's made the days in Hallendale when Sunny Roseberg and his gang. Why did the pastor resolution, making an illegal and Hallendale for people listening to the Neo Rogers show? They lost, and I used to joke on the ear, but they were going to put up a big tower to block the signal, no, to YNZ. They're going to block the signal in Hallendale only. Is there a way to do that? No, but it's here. I think they would like to have done it. They're working on it. They're borrowing some of the bells equipment. Right. They're going to get the woodpecker going up there. Hey, Sunny, better to have one of those than nothing at all. Here's the lady in candle. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes. I can tell him, says about your little dog. I'm really sorry. Listen, I know you find it hard to believe or maybe you don't. But there's a huge audience out here that wants to hear about what's going on in the world. And there's really nobody in the dial, but you. Oh, this is the same woman I'd called and give you that song in an answer a few weeks ago. No. I don't give up. So, somebody you're trying to tell you. In other words, you're trying to tell me how to do the show. No, he's just a suggestion. That's a suggestion of doing what? Well, you're the only one besides George. You know, I'm offending anything. This is the same. This is the same risk that called you and rip me an ass thinking that I was out of town behind the. Oh, is it easy? Is it easy? Lazy? Is it a cop out? I know you're listening. Yeah. But I'm just trying to shake you up because I know you. You got it. And what is it that I'm supposed to be doing to please you that I'm not doing? What is it that I haven't? How about 30% of the time? Oh, what's going on in the world? Well, meet her. And was supposed to be measuring the minutes. Is that it was supposed to have like an egg timer? I have a time calculator. Are you making me feel really guilty that I'm calling about this? I mean, look at the calls we're getting here today. We get the the asshole the buddy boy guy. And then we get the guy who always calls about taking a pool. And I'm not wasting my time. Okay. I'm not wasting my time. If I felt better, I put up with it. I don't feel like great. I got a little head cool. And I'm not going to sit and put up with your crap again. She already said it the first time. And I'd be rated or what about 20 times since then? And she's got the hoodsmaner called back and she's come 30% of the time. Do this and 20% of the time. Do that and the other 50% white with your left hand. Stick it up your ass lady. Okay. I'm doing pretty damn well. I know how to do a goddamn talk show. I don't need help from some bitch down there at Kendall. Who's a professional agitator? Oh, you in George is the only George is a is a fill in on this show. Okay. George is a lackey. Small potatoes lady. Okay. But George doesn't. In fact, once you just do the rest of the show and I'll just sit back and chuckle. No thanks. I'll sit back and cackle. Like I'm not talking about what's going on. I thought what the live we've been talking about on his show. And you hear the response? Yeah. But yeah, I'm too lazy for that. That's a cop out. It's too much work. That's where we got eight minute bedtime story center. That's where we're the one show that's trying to get people involved with his virtual March on Washington today, which the mainstream media aren't interested in because they're too busy and they've got an opportunity on there. How can a China go with a bunch of Julios with a bunch of illegal aliens probably? Yeah. There's no businesses. Our sole proprietary. Oh, my god. Lost my appetite for lunch. 39.6 minutes by the way. Are we counting now? Is what 30% of the show would be. 39.6 minutes. And then she still didn't say the talk about what? Oh, you know what? You would do it. Yeah, right. We're the only ones that do it. Sure. And nobody wants to hear goddamn topical pop shows anymore. Lady Emma got to sell out my guy damn livelihood to make you happy. Get your own personal tapes. Put a bunch of crap on tape. In fact, just sit there and talk to yourself. Listen to the side of your own voice. What did I tell you? I knew that was her. As soon as you started with that crap. And a town where nobody's got a goddamn thing to say about anything, which is South Florida. I'm going to make a difference there. In God's waiting room, I'm going to make a difference. But you defeated the penny sales tax. Yeah, well, what we do. The hell I did. That was just Richard Friedman and Dave Watch's name. A traffic guy. Just, you know, something they're just, oh, well, they're looking. He'll do this. You know, I mean, they're good guys. They mean well. But who the hell are they kidding? And a major guy to him story with the show that Fox News Network stuff. There was their one word written about that in the local media. No. We had all this mob business going on for months. They should have been in chaos and upwards. Or one word written about it. No. This weekend, 27 year anniversary on here. And of course, that's not a very even sexy number 25. Well, very one word written about that. Absolutely not. The numbers came out the ratings from the fall book. We shouldn't. We shouldn't. We should go. Anything written about that. Oh, we're not going to make a difference in that town. What are you kidding? Who are you kidding? I'd have wasted my stuff with that idea a long time ago. I'm there to get that paycheck every two weeks later. Try to be his entertaining and amusing and whatever else is possible. And throw in in a few tidbits as well. So people who do give a crap which isn't too many can find out what those really going on in the world. And the people are really care beyond that. You can go on our website and read all the stuff that's on there. With the links to Lines website, no, they're the evening and other websites. We got links to one there. So, you know, though those people, if they really care enough, instead of calling me and badgering me and tell me how to do the goddamn show. He's got a lot with this. So what I should talk about this bitch. Maybe she'll fix it. This evil miserable bitch that you encouraged by the way. Huh? You're a good post person. We're a friend. We're going to lunch later. Yeah. Well, Linda, I want to go to lunch. Who do you want to go with somebody? Right. Maybe she'll buy. Maybe Rimmer will buy that lunch. Oh, yeah. The Grim Rimmer. That's okay. By the way, he's coming here on a weekend. Is he? Oh, yeah. The dancers are playing the Leafs Monday on either the Air Canada Center. And he's going to take you out to dinner. Who do you think's going to be buying the Meals when he's here on Sunday? And Monday. How many guests do I get? Hmm. Have two words for Rimmer, okay? Yeah. Mitch Hirsch. 19 to 11 at 5, 60 WQM. Audio homeowners up. There's the way anything worse than venturing out of the backyard for a swimming. Looking into a pool that used to be beautiful. And then looking at and saying, what the hell happened to this thing? It's stained. It's schmutzie maybe it's cracking, fall on the part. Don't look at it. I'll be messing anymore. Call our good friends at Atlantic Marseille. No more ugly pool, man. These guys are just pool guys who run a cleaning service like some people use out of a truck. Their real construction company uses full-time employees. Not some contract. This is their business. That just decide like that they try to petal you on the side. Atlantic Marseille specializes in the most incredible innovation hit the pool business. Diamond Brighton. Like I said yesterday, my pool is Diamond Brighton and it looks fantastic. Atlantic Marseille's been pouring it on for 12 years. Their license they're insured professionals. They even train other companies internationally how to determine writing and do it right. And you'll get the same price that they give to the contractors which means you'll save a lot of money and get a stupidness job. They'd brown or Palm Beach counties call Atlantic Marseille. They're the biggest installers of Diamond Bright anywhere in South Florida. They'll come right to you and give you a free estimate. They also perform pool and deck renovations. Custom lighting, pool heating and exotic water features too. For the very best work called Atlantic Marseille, unbeatable deal as well. At 1-800-558-8833. That's toll-free 1-800-558-8883. Diamond Bright is the best so do it right because Diamond Bright is a pool's best friend. And local, this is 4-3056. You wait a minute. This is the Neal Roger show. This is your blame. Any questions? My vote is burned in lead. My vote as a big red break. Really is watered inside. Close my ass. Feels like it's all fire. It feels like my ass is all fire. I'll have to get in with one of those and play the most times because it's burned, burned, burned. Like my ass is all fire. My ass is all fire. One thing that's pretty good too is spork through the old blue. Burn it, bro. Which is all was games. As it shoots from out of your ass. Feels like my ass is all fire. I'll have to get in with one of those and play the most times because it's burned, burned. Like my ass is all fire. My ass is all fire. Feels like my ass is all fire. I'll have to get in with one of the alien play the most times because it burns, burned. It burns. Like my ass is all fire. Reck him. My ass is all fire. My ass is all fire. My ass is all fire. I got it. 1047 at 560W to Qm. I would rather light my ass on fire. Reck her part and light it with a match. And have it cinch all I hear on my ass and vote cheeks. And talk to that bitch again. If I ever complain about no women callers again, Scholars again, stop me, cut it off right, nip it at the bug. That's right. Don't ever let me do that again, because women call her 99% of math that there are that many, but they're just like her. They're like I guess most women in South Florida, their nags. They want to tell you what to do, why do you do it, how much of it to do it, set her on, so on? She had nothing to say. Are you sure you're gay? She had nothing to offer, get absolutely nothing. I'll see there was repeat almost verbatim the same crap that I heard her bab bab bab in the U. Weaks ago, the same thing. So she's no different than the guy with the poor guy, you know, well, I'm upset because you know, staring with you with a poor. That's what you got. You got about 20 misfits and people wonder why I went for like seven months without taking a phone call? I don't. Good, golly Miss Molly. When we came to WQM, I wanted to tell you, I was thinking about this yesterday. To show you how sick I am. Because usually I don't think about it. Right, please. When we came to that station, it was like a death now on the phone. It was like a curse. Right. Because when we came to QM, that's where the little Julio's all started. Remember that thing? Right. They decided that they were going to, oh, they discovered a new play toy, and this was their show. And then we were going to have an obligation for my friend. Remember that crap? It wasn't a great while on IOD where did something like that happen? Not like very seldom. So either it's QM or like Lyn said maybe it's maybe it's the times. Maybe they just, they don't exist anymore. What is this thing you just faxed me about Jewish American groups who bravely opposed the night? I don't know. I don't know. Oh my gosh. Jewish this and Jewish that in place. I'm tired of it. Okay. I'm real tired of it. If it sounds like I've lost my patient's growl as crap I have. The Jews are this and the Arabs are that. Remember that. It's all in sanity. It's all religious crazy people. And James Cromwell mentioned that yesterday when he was doing his little thing on entertainment tonight. He said we need to stop terrorism and that's caused by extremism, which is the real enemy and that's what needs to be stamped out. Right. Extremism, aka religious fundamentalism. Right. And last time they were on the news talking about the Shiites this and the Kurds that and the, oh, I'm thinking of myself, you know, just this leave everybody alone. Okay. Just if you want to kill each other have a good time but leave us out. You know what? I want to do it the Kurdish way. You want to have your Kurds in way and even too. Is rolling paper legal somebody faxed me. I'm sure I'm not this is cute. I don't want to be cut smoke in my stash on nothing illegal. Please advice. Well my advice is don't do it, pal. You don't do it. You're young man. You have your whole life left ahead of you. What a great actor. You know, underrated William Holden. Yeah, I mean, I'm sure that Damien was not exactly one of his all time great movies, but Great actor, underrated. Yep. William Holden. And that's why when I saw those Gregory Peck and William Holden, those old man movies and I'm thinking of myself, I don't care what anybody says. You can come in old funny dirty wouldn't be the first time. You're old funny dirty, but they just don't have actors and actresses now like you know. In the golden days of Hollywood man, and nothing even close. Just Gregory Peck's voice. Yeah, the heads and shoulders above what anybody else has going on right. He used head and shoulders, you know, that he didn't know I had to idea. 560 is we can continue looking for anybody other than chronics. We started out with that old Alan and for a period for anybody. Oh, you must be ill. You be ill and he must be over the age of 100. And from there, it's just gone straight downhill. We have one call of about the half hour we spent with Lynn Samuels. Did we have anybody about our bumper stickers? Anybody I mean our billboards? Anybody see one? It might as well be bumper stickers. Nobody's seen any. Nothing. It's the same let down you always get. I mean, the sun is shining. Our granted is cold out there, but it's a beautiful day from the inside. And once again, the the the the negativity, the hostility, the lack of anything. It just rubs off on you. I can smell it. Seep and right through my window. Here's Oakland Park, hello. Yeah, I just left the drive through from McDonald's and they don't have any freaking freedom prize. Let's see, French fries, my asked what about French toast, Belgian moffles and frank frutus, his big army. And don't even mention Canadian bacon and bacon English muffins. These people mentally deficient are what peace help us from these idiots. Yes, they are big army. They're mentally deficient. They're idiots like Bert Aaronson, a Palm Beach County commissioner who wants to start calling them other names like that. Let's start with a name calling thing. Okay, frogs. You damn crowds. And let me tell you right now. Nobody is going to mess with my bratwurst. Now why do you have lines six on a hold there? Oops. Is there a special hit the wrong button? Is there a special reason for that? He's having an off day today, Carlos. He's having himself a really bad day. Those pagas must be affecting your brain man, too many pagas. Here's Miami, hello. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Okay. I just wanted to let you know. I logged on to the public broadcasting site and watched that front line show this morning. Early this morning. And if anybody doesn't realize how dangerous our administration is, they've got to watch this. It's not a good night tonight. It's not a terrible. It's not a midnight have here on the Buffalo WNED. I mean, we are going to become the evil empire. That's what that's what is a administration is trying to do. He's going to isolate us from the rest of the world. And let me ask you this. How come the mainstream media isn't talking about that? How come the mainstream media isn't talking about the virtual march on Washington. It's going on today. And the means of people protesting. And the means of CNN's got freedom. You don't want to talk about the public politics. I don't want to talk about the politics. Yeah. That's the only thing I can think of with that. The public doesn't care. The public cares about Joe Madynair. The bachelor right in a bunch of other cock on. That's what 99% of American public care about. They don't have a flying crap. You're right. You're absolutely right. And my passport is renewed. Okay. Good luck. I'll see you at the border. Okay. And that's a great show. I'm going to go ahead and tell you what. I'm going to go ahead and tell you what. I'm going to go ahead and tell you what. I'm going to go ahead and tell you what. I'm going to go ahead and tell you what. I'm going to go ahead and tell you what. I'm going to go ahead and tell you what. I'm going to go ahead and tell you what. I'm going to go ahead and tell you what. I'm going to go ahead and tell you what. I'm going to go ahead and tell you what. I'm going to go ahead and tell you what. I'm going to go ahead and tell you what. I'm going to go ahead and tell you what. I'm going to start out the way. I'm saying this on the PBS website. If you click on the front line, you can watch it online. I'm not interested in watching it online. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The pain in the ass. So I'm going to tape it in midnight tonight and I'll get up extra early tomorrow. Watch it. It's an hour thing. I'll watch it tomorrow. We photo show. It'll be fresh in my mind. And then we can make that lady happy. We can sit here and save the world for myself. By pontificating for it a whole show tomorrow, just to make her happy. Or you could just play the audio from it. That's a possibility and I'm going to happen though. gonna happen though. You can do the trends in between. In fact what let's see I'm trying to think of what channel it is here. Not that you'd have any idea. Right. Oh it's the Buffalo Public Television channel. It's crazy. She's a one. That ain't it. 47. Interesting. There. Wow. What is that guy? That's my psychic. No. It's in the top. It's smart. Funny. Told him it was impossible. I think that's it. They got a lot of cartoons on there. PBS. They put it on there for kids. They figure somebody might as well watch nobody else does. Which is very sad. Don't forget move on. org. Anybody wants to be in that virtual march on Washington against the war. You can go to our website and click that thing on but that'll just jerk you're right all over the place. In fact the one who just put on their move on. org carl else would be a lot better than that fancy. I mean already. I mean already. I think the link if they click on on the. The link that I have there. It'll take them to move on. Move on. org. And you can find out what that's all about. Also I'm going to try to find that book that's the hunting of the president by Joe Kahnison that the Lynn talked about. I guess nobody in our audience has any idea who Lynn Samuels is or cares because we didn't get any response to that or about our anything. You know. Same old stuff. Another day in paradise. Now I'm I doing a spot here or what because I because you know you didn't bother facts me a lot if I knew I was going to be doing like 8 million lives. But we don't know this at the beginning but then Troy. Oh, let's like it. Yeah. Yeah. You do that. That this but the next part is a is pump and a part. So we can talk about it on here. I mean, pump it a part. But I would me for 150 years. They understand plus they like my mentioning pump and a park. You know it's sublibible. You know. And that's the way it's supposed to do it. So I think they can. As we deal with this channel. Like, you need to know that the value of freedom and liberty will be at the forefront of a policy design to make the world more peaceful. Oh, yeah. I remember those things freedom and I remember that. And I love this is for 3.05. And I love this is for 3.05. And I love you. Yeah. Now the year has come and gone. It's early in the new year. And if you want your house look in brand spanking new during this year make yourself even not too late to make another new year's resolution. And that is that you're going to keep your house looking great with the help of my good friends at dry concepts over 20 years now. Well over 20 years. They've been cleaning the carpets in my home. And they'll do the same for you. And they'll do it unbeatable job. The likes of which you can't even imagine. If you ever had dry concepts, you don't know what carpet cleaning is really all about. They dry clean your carpets. And they're exclusive pen did dry cleaning methods. Sox out even the deepest dirt in the fibers of the carpet. Leaving them looking exactly like brand new. Nobody would even know that you didn't have brand new laid on your floor. And of course they also do a stupidish job of cleaning your a poultry leather furniture and all your other good stuff to your drapery. Whatever you need. And if you got pet odors and milled the voters caused by water damage, they'll make that all go away like a miracle on your floor. And as far as prices concerned, don't have to have any fear when you call these folks because dry concepts always gives you a written guaranteed price before they start doing anything at all. So give a do yourself a favor this year and always use dry concepts. You'll thank me for tearing out of these people. They're the best in universe. Call them toll free from anywhere. 1-800-24-850-71-182-4850-71 or log under their website to get more info about the fantastic work they'll do for you at dryconcepts.com. Dry concepts clean today and retain tonight. Tarnished with the sewer of this place. And that's why I think the jet will have a chip-beanship season. And when did I tell you? You don't talk to like say you can talk. This is the beast. I said shut up! That's all! But you're like a father to me. You don't talk to Lam, don't talk and when I'm done talking then you talk. Okay, I'll be coming. Come in! I want you to meet a friend of mine. Mr. Guff Club. I'm going to show you the business and the mistake coming. This court sentences you'll do 20 years in hours. Would you info? I had a tag of my mattress. Looks like we'll be your bunkmates. The names will highlight David. Starer's stage screen and terror attacks. What's yours? They go with me, coffee. You got so panless. Thank you. So power and drill, I'm going to make you my wife. I know what it looks like. Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Who got you? Who got you? Who got you? I got you. Got you. Got you. Ten minutes. What else did he say beneath? You're both, huh? No man. He's not our new in the blaze, but that's so pretty. Okay. Come and power us meet like God. You know who I am? You can't even let them pick it up now. I'm here for lunch. All right. But I expect a Britain apology. I might just put that broom hand on both sides. Yeah, no, no, no. I'll pick the broom hand. The one who'll see you now. Thank you. Well Mr. David. No one wanted to. Jack Jack ordered. How can it help you? Well you see more than he did. Keep getting raped. Did it? So he's a vanishing. John, who can do it right away. Thanks a lot. Some time. Some time. But it's now drop your pack. I said drop your pack. This is ours. The favors don't come to you. No, no, no. Let's rape. No, no. Let's rape. No, no. You'll be shot. That's how we've asked the time away. You'll be a little hot. Look at all three at five, 60 WCM. Here's a pygmy port in Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. And a big week for a year. And a 441 bridge. And a 525 bridge, a 441. They're going to copy you and read us. And a bag of pigments. You can block that or fruit. My time you see has a 2-8. The whole game. I'm done again. Okay. Thanks. Do you have any idea what he just said? 441 and 525 overpass. Yeah. Shooting radar, porters. Here's a fact from Aaron and Psyra. This is Freedom Fry. Doesn't the satellite the ancient WW1 anti-german propaganda? Oh, when they told people that to use words like kindergarten and sour crowd. Also, according to Brewer's quotations, Joseph Stalin was quoted as saying, he who is not with us is against us. It's good to know that George W is a Stalin fan. I can do one since we're guarding tiny all about stanky Aaron for iron. So on impact, I guess we'll just do the show by fact today. Okay, callers are not well. We prefer calls and they're couple, but nothing. Absolutely nothing. I thought we're going to get a spary for it on our billboards in the QM billboards. Oh, oh, oh. Even the generic ones in big red print that say big balls. We got balls or something like that. Nothing. Of course it was foggy this morning. Is that a good excuse? Yeah, that's a good excuse. Yeah, they didn't see nothing. From John M. Not the John M. you're thinking about. It says it's interesting how Randy Rhodes is campaigning hard to get into the line of the liberal talk radio to the point of having her listeners phone the new network and tell her how great she is. All gets is her tie rates are so old and her callers what a bunch of jooling lap dogs. Old yentas is what you're talking about. Like I said before, that radio went out 15 years ago with white bucks 25 or 30 years ago. 40 years ago. To check out the pictures on your website. Be nice to know who everybody is. Well, you find out who they are if you click on the picture. See? See most people don't know that Carl. Right. I thought you've explained it. Well, I mean not everybody's listening every minute of every day except to guide it. They don't like the polls. I'm going to see what I'm going to do to make the power. I'm going to go along with the pictures. I did figure out who Moe is. Is neither one would be rodent on his head yet. That's him. And three keep the bets coming especially the moe boots. He sucks. Well, we just had one for you. They're sure. You ask and you got him. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. What's your take on the racket tech we asked on our poll today? 250 nine votes. It's mostly about oil, 126. 35% since mostly about OIL. 30.9% say it's coming but I'm against it. 111. It's coming. I'm all for it. 78 21.7% pretty weak. Yeah, less than 22% are all for this. Escapade. Well, that's your crag, you know. It can still be avoided 26.2% uh-huh. And I have no clue 18. 18 are going. No, no, no, no, no. Like that. On a day from hell, man. I thought you were doing the show here today. I thought that's what I thought with you know. Let's blame it on Moe. Sure. What's her show start by the way since she's on. Only screen and calls once in a while. I bigger part. Is she going to get on that liberal network? Oh, that's right. She doesn't tell. He doesn't want any part of that. She doesn't want to be a parent for the Democratic Party party line. I don't think she ever answered my question when I asked her. She and her a lot of money years ago because they she's known. She didn't answer that question. She's got a place in New York. She comes down here when she feels like it. She uh, the song is around with Miss Grudge. You know, she must be loaded. Plus she only had that job one day a week anyway. Right. You know, who the how makes 25 grand a year? I can afford to live in New York. That's a good turn. You can't even afford to live on the subway in New York for 25 grand a year on a subway car. So she must have some cash to her away somewhere. Okay. I don't want to get personal in but Sure the well. Sure the well. Here's a call from the gables. Hello. Hi Neil. How are you doing today? Okay, sir. I'm sorry to hear about your little dog. Thank you. Um, you know, I'd like to if you don't mind. I'd like to respond a bit to this uh new American century Richard Perl. I think that's going on. Yeah. And uh I was a went back to the website and uh, you can listen to the audio that show. You don't really need to see the video of that show because it's just you know, two faces being interviewed. But uh part of the uh, uh, P. Mac people will be policy for the new American century. That's wolf witches and pearls and Jeff Bush's group there. And uh, they've got their new world. If you go to their website, it's called newamericancensheried.org. I really recommend you go there Neil. It's frightening to read their policy. But the essentially the policy is to create a new sort of political, uh, military domination of the mid-East, the Muslim states. Oil is part of it, but not the entirety of it. But in order to make this militarism acceptable to the American public, uh, uh, Richard Perl writes quite eloquently that they that Americans will need a trigger event to justify this type of invasion. And that uh, leads me to uh, a thing that's in the middle of the night. Well, yes, this leads me to a thing that's in the, the Miami-Herald today page 14A, uh, three senators criticize FBI's application of surveillance law. And if, if you don't mind, uh, if I could read just two paragraphs from this, I think that it's very illuminating Neil. Okay. And please consider this. Why does an employer? Why does a boss give people raises and bonuses? And then I'll read this. At the I.A. Agency of Minnesota saw the pre-September 11th, the visa warrant asserts that the RIMF always laptop computer. But we're up to night by headquarters in Washington, because they lacked probable cause. A reasonable ground to suck a reasonable ground to suspect that he had committed a crime. Yeah. The report that two FBI supervisors who handled the case misunderstood crucial elements of the visa law, a senior FBI attorney could not provide the proper legal definition of probable cause needed to obtain the warrant was unaware of a president setting supreme court ruling on the issue. Now here is the kicker. Grassley identified that lawyer Tuesday as Marion Bowman, the head of the FBI's National Security Law Unit. Bowman, now this is the man who's fortunate the Phoenix memo. See, understand this? Bowman has since received a presidential citation and a hefty cash award for his service on the recommendation of FBI director Robert Mueller. Now, I ask why do employers and why do bosses give people bonuses and raises? They do it because of a job well done. I mean, your, your, your bouncing all over the place. I mean, you're, you're really, you know, I mean, well, what you're trying to say is the Bush administration was responsible for nine eleven. No, I'm just saying that, well, I'm just, here, me out. I'm saying that the new amendment, we know that Bush Jr was the figurehead. He's a plug-in prop man, as you were saying yesterday, for this new American century after Poppy wasn't reelected, they needed a new face. Yeah. A new man who accepts such a ridiculous and as an idolacy and just go for it. Well, I asked you a question, you know, I'll get your question here. I'm, what? I'm sorry, I'll get, I'll get to your question here. What, what? Well, when? I mean, it's only a four-hour show. What are we going to get to the answer? Well, I'm saying is that Bush is part of the new American New York, you're saying that. Sure, have a nice day. Good, God, you know. Yeah. I mean, it's ridiculous how many times you have to ask the same question before guy will respond to you if he wants to say that he believes that they're responsible for he's entitled to say it. I don't believe it, but he's entitled to say it. You don't want to say it. Even he finds it so unpalatable. He doesn't want to put the words he doesn't want articulate that. I understand how dangerous these people are, where they're coming from, what it's all about. I read that new foreign policy statement that they'd draft it a few months ago on the year. At that point, people should have been crapping in their pants. This imperialistic, Teddy Roosevelt kind of policy. And thinking my political people are, what time is doing my dinner on? Do you know what I'm like that? And his indignities this guy is, I'm trying to have a conversation with him. Hey, he doesn't want to respond. He just keeps saying the same thing. Over and over and over again. I'm going to start singing OK, I'm going to be here pretty soon. What's in my company, musical? Good, I'm Monica. All right. I'll get the comment paper. From on it's after 11. Oh, that's a good idea. I forgot about that. I forgot that George was a musician in his own, on his own. That no idea. I mean, what more could you want to know? Tell me that number one with four bullets. 12th to 11 at 5.60 WQM. And that's the other piece of copy. You know, Steve, if you're a great guy, you and Dick are good friends. But this is, it says it doesn't matter if I'm in Toronto, Amsterdam or South Florida, I'll be at Pompano Park on his track. This Monday night, March 3rd because it's free spaghetti dinner night. Well, I'd be at Pompano Park this, uh, oh, sure I'll be there. Just pretend I'm fat rich. He'll be there. There's nobody to deal with on the South Florida. I have to be with by a Pompano Park program this Monday, March 3rd. And you'll get a coupon good for a free spaghetti dinner on the fourth floor players lounge. Do you know, includes rules and butter, salad, a heaping plate of pasta, marina, or sauce? That can't be beat. You can't beat it with a stick. Don't forget, this coming Monday night, March 3rd, free spaghetti dinner night. A Pompano Park again. All you shnores out there. Coming up on Friday, March 7th, Pompano Park presents the only horse racing fireworks Stuncho in the entire world. As Australian Vince Silvestreau, the power technique, Wonder from down under, this is amazing. Hop to try fireworks, Stuncho. Don't worry, it's outside. Okay, won't be in the grandstand and possibly outside. Watch his disc crazy Aussie stands on the shaft of his race bike. Holds his reins in his teeth while his super horse handy silver. Races around the track and Vince shoots up more than 2,000 rounds of fireworks That's a show you must eat and believe. It's coming up next Friday, March 7th. Pompano Park offers free dinner, we're parking free admission every afternoon. Evening and we got a great live racing. Five nights a week, Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday. Pompano Park on Powerline Road, a block south Atlantic Boulevard. Don't forget, free spaghetti, all you shnores. Get everybody at Pompam Air, all those other answers out there. Put the word out. Okay, put up a billboard. Maybe somebody else here. We're going Monday. March 3rd at Pompano Park. Five days a local fish. This is five, 60. There you go, yours. Pupam. Pupam. Put your sounds for new rages even to hear that. And now it's time for leave it to Aussie. Starring Barbara Billingsley as June Cleaver. Cuba Montez Ward Cleaver and the irrepressible Aussie Osborne as the Oz. Oh, good morning, Oz. Oh, f*** you, mom. Oh, dear. I can see someone woke up on the wrong side of the van. Oh, so bloody hell. I'm a smater. What a f***ing shatter. Shatter. Who's sharing? Is that one of your friends from school, dear? Good morning, Oz. Oh, f*** you, that got to me, f***ing. Now, Oz, let's no wait to talk to your father. See, son, what have you got planned for today? Or you may, where we're going to plan for today. Oh, no, just one of the principles of doggy is after a hand out of f***ing our channel. I'm going to go fight ahead of a boss at any hospital. I was there. You have fun now, okay, Oz? Yeah, sure. Go f***ing yourself. We hope you enjoyed this episode. We'll leave it to Ozzy. tune in next week when you hear Ozzy say f***ing our beer. f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing. 1118 at 5.60 WKM, that's my favorite new TV spot. Is that that, perhaps he's spot. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. With Donnie and Marie and Florence Anderson. Okay, well, I'm going to let you take all these calls now. Oh, we don't have any? Not one. This could be the worst day in his previous show. Maybe the little call back. Huh? Maybe little call back? I don't think so. This could be the worst day in his previous program. What about the worst? Although I think of those days when I'm talking about coming to QA, am I started that and then somehow getting right. Right. There's a little Julio's and then it just, and I remember the big who plow the first couple of weeks. Remember the impact didn't even last two weeks. But the first 10 days. Seven months off the year, you know, all the street publicity about $50 million for this radio station, a free publicity. And then like, after the first 10 days, it was like, okay, well, what do we do now? And it'll say that they run a second floor and have to time the phone was broken anyway. Right. And then we got that whammy thing going on, which was a nightmare. Sure. And I got distracted, which I'll take the blame for that, because I got distracted by talking about that. Because they were in our face the whole time. The show was going on. That's an understatement. And then they kept picking out the phone calls putting on the air, which believe me, aren't any phone calls on this show that you want to put on the air on a TV show and put that abortion on there. And then it, you know, pretty much hasn't changed since. Right. And we've discussed this before, but another phenomenon since we came here is people don't wait on hold like through the break like they used to over at IOD for some reason. I don't know why. Well, at least people got to go get their bookie on the phone. I got to go on the sports pets to make. Mr. You better get with it. Sports, you know, that's it. In fact, let's try answering the phone. I way, here's my emmy sports. Uh huh. Here you go. Here you go. Here you go. Here's my me, Lake. Hello. You've locked up with the audience. Yeah, you lose touch with this. So let's the pull guy again. Miny sure is hello. Miny sure is. Uh huh. One after another after another after another. Oh, but Neil, you know, you've got to educate the audience out there. This audience doesn't need education. They need to be in reform school. They need to be institutionalized. Here's Boca, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm going to allow you. Okay. Question for you. And actually that huge about three calls ago sort of a rough as well. That thing would sense that that's tagging of your gay. Let me guy, guy called up and asked you to stop playing it. Now, what's the legal ramifications there? If you set up on radio, you can use it all you want, right? He did say random occasions though. Yeah, ram this. Well, I even dignified that with a response. Huh? Yeah, oh, a lot of people just really don't know. You're gay. Yeah. No, no, nobody could be that stupid. That's an ode that was a joke that called everyone joins in a whole thing. Nobody could be that dumb. That's right. I forgot. I'm talking to some. I forgot. Sorry. Yeah. Yeah, we're going to sue it for playing it. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. Come on. Listen, I'm curious. And we'll get another thirty nine minutes to go here till noon and thank God it's Wednesday. Yes, we have the comedy with our all four hours a day every day. Oh. Now, you have a standing ovation in these studios. Well, there you go. I mean, these calls today. I wouldn't wish this on Heinrich Himmer. It's basically, and thanks for killing a half hour for his limb, but believe me, it's like it's like you were never there. Don't take it personal. That's just this audience. Okay. It's like you were never there. Nobody knows who she is, who she was, what she did, where she worked ever heard her show. Nobody knows from our billboards. Nobody knows nothing. Except the same dozen people saying the same stupid crap. You're gay. Yeah, you're like that. How are you getting sued again, George? George played at that time. Not me. I haven't gotten a letter. Yeah, you've me out. I thought I left you a copy. I'll fix it to you. Here's for a waterdale. Hello. Same old obsolete, liberal crap. Same old obsolete, liberal crap to this guy's wasn't new every day. Same old liberal crap. Don't worry, Russia'll be on a known okay pal. Keep your hand on until noon. Don't squeeze too tight. Here's plantation. Hello. Plantation. Here in here. Yeah, you know what I'm thinking of. What are you thinking, sir? What are your thoughts on your thinker? I'm starting. You think you're gonna destroy his five weapons, but then push it to the coming? What is it? You think I'm starting to destroy his five weapons, but then push it to the coming. Sir, I can't understand. If you get the horse crap out of your mouth, maybe I can understand what you were saying. Okay. Didn't it sound like he had about 10 pounds of horse crap in his mouth? Or something. He had something in his post. It didn't matter. I understood what he was saying and it's just as well you didn't. Oh good. I couldn't make out of something about the burning bush. Yeah, that's what he was talking about the burning bush. Here's a four-laterdale. Hello. Tudos. You know, Neil. Uh, since, uh, no. Tudos on what? Pardon me? Do you say Tudos? No, it's a Tudos. Tudos. Tudos. Tudos. Tudos. I hear him as gum. It's been suffering for months. Tudos. Tudos. Tudos. You know what I've noticed is that you've sound a lot more like, uh, more Howard since you got him around. Uh-huh. Yeah. The, the G-man says hey. Oh no. Here's Del Rey Beach, hello. Hey, Neil, the guy earlier who was saying that bush might be responsible for 9-11. No, but he didn't say that. Well, he wouldn't say that. He insinuated Howard if you think about it. His dad was a, uh, pilot in the, uh, walk, correct. So what does that mean? Might have taught him how to fly that plane. And I think he parachuted out right before he crashed in another way. Yeah, there you go. We'll think about it. We'll take a poll on that tomorrow. But I hopped out just before. Maybe that's where he was when he's supposed to be doing his disservice. Uh-huh. He was jumping out. 5-67056, the pound-56. You attract all the crazy man on these days when you do the show. I know. I know. All the crazy people. All the one I do is show where you get all those intellectuals. Here's for peers, hello. Hi, I just want to do, uh, Get a opinion from you. Is it me or everyone in South Florida got something weird about them? It seems, if you're from the mid-world. You know, yeah. If you're from, uh, you know, different states other than South Florida, it seems you're normal. It's a mind-boggling. These people in South Florida, these crank collar, these, it's just amazing to me. There you go. I think you got your summer right on, sir. Thank you, Frank. And have a great day. He said to people in South Florida, a bunch of morons is what he said. I think it might have to agree with him. No, there's a phenomenon there. There's certainly something there, man. It's a reality. You can smell it. Your, your, uh, hemorrhids. That's true. Switch from it. It's there. Well, maybe all the intellectuals are out there on move on.org. And maybe they're getting involved. That's right. They're involved in the neighborhood. Virtual March and Washington today, which is invisible based on the rest of the major mainstream media. I keep flipping back and forth. Nothing. Nothing. Absolutely nothing. Not a word, just, just like the protest. Remember when the protest started, not just the most recent ones that they got embarrassed in having the show cause there were so many millions, but in the beginning when they started doing all the protest. And, uh, maybe you might get like two seconds on it. And that's it, me. Because the mass media forget about them. They got them in their hip pocket. So if you think you're going to get the truth from CNN, uh, MSNBC and Fox, uh, fascist news. If you think you're going to get any, any news from them, you're going to freaking dream world. You're supposed to be a little five six four. You, uh, you have a lot of people keep trying to same diets over and over again. And, um, I found is a lot of times something a work for you once. And your brain kind of outsmarts itself. And you can never go back and do it again. If you haven't tried balance for life, you have nothing to lose, but all of that weight. There's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, just great results. Like the beast is getting lost over 50 pounds. I guarantee we've saved that punk's life. And once his head starts drinking normal size, you know, we're really doing a good job form. They deliver your little black sack to your door by 6 a.m. No matter where you are every morning, whether you're at work, whether you're at home, whether you're at the massage partner, three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks or right in your black sack. It's all prepared for you. It's all fresh and delicious. There are chicken dishes and beef and the turkey. All kinds of good stuff omelets and fatatas and you name it. Nothing prefabricated, nothing frozen, and they let you pick between two choices for each one of the meals every day that's run a program. That's the only choice you'll have to make. They do all the figuring for you based on the zone diet. So like I said, the food for the entire day is in there. You don't have to worry about buying anything else. And the weight just tors off your body. So let balance for life help you lose the weight to real delicious way. Call 9 5 4 5 6 8 3 2 29. They'll give you all the details. 9 5 4 5 6 8 3 2 29 or check them out on the web. At balanceforlife.com and no time at all, you can look better than the lovely beast. And low this is 4 20 5 6. You are the only way you have. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. What? What? What? So let go. Why don't you do it by the way. What? Only airways. Honey, did you want to? Fantasy will have to do. You ain't getting none. We are the easiest gifts you. You lie and you seem. Ready, dream on, ready. You'll never have me. Sorry, Steve, but ready. Little bitch with dreams. Go in down my sink in highways that stand. Lonely clown. Everyone knows the only one who's he goes in the clouds. Where were? That bloodshot and wasted talking trash with us wild. You had struck your ass and a thin eye. You're the wild. Back to him. Did they better? That's so interesting. 1132 to 560 WCM. I'll tell you. She's in a dream world. In a dream world. But anyway, I'll come on. She'd be perfect. That's the only guy in email from Montenegro. This is her her. What's that? That makes it worth hanging. I love it. Do we get any response? No. No. That's okay. We're used to it. We don't really care. Put on a good act like we're all bent out of shape. Don't really care anymore. Just get the checks in the mail and that's it. Kill the good time, though. I kill some good time. I'm not going to go to lunch to want to fuck anyway. So what do I care? Right. Here's the fact it's as I called you about a month ago and told you about the Joe Connison book. It's great to tell. Not as fast reading his David Brock's book. And I don't care what then says about David Brock's book. You should read it. Okay. She's just sticking up from his grudge. But he's shocking about what likes people go to for their own point of view. Even if it destroys people and uses cheating and lying lots of money to do so. Many of the liars in the book now have cushy jobs in the administration. Ken Starron's head also should be impeached. That's right. And there really was a vast right wing conspiracy in you are. Absolutely correct. Right on it. No question about it. That's why bait people read that David Brock book. Well, that's, you know, attack his credibility because he is tackless grudge. So you know, I can't, I can't live my life on that kind of a pity level. You don't understand? I'm saying who cares about those kind of like, you know, put it anyway. No, I'm serious. Anyway, the book is called The Honigat the President by Joe Conneson. And we've I read some of his articles on the York of Zerver. Good writer. Got a right side of the tracks. I'm on the left side of the tracks. Don't forget new to one. Our big new to one hour today. Water clocked the mad dog three o'clock. You got you in Mark. Seven o'clock ship to a panther. Peague panthers and a mighty ducks of Anaheim. Seven thirty night, Brian Murray and gang Paul Korea. Is it North Korea or South Korea? After the hockey game is Eddie K from GA and Anthony and Vlad are doing the overnight. So it goes to show the lengths to which we'll go to fill up four hours. We'll put anything on here. Here's for a lot of day. Hello. Hey, no. Hey, don't. Okay. I was wondering how long as it been since she has the lightning round. Meaning what? Not long enough. Yeah, not long enough. No, I mean, how many years ago did it? Did you stop bombing it? I have no idea. Well, we've done it periodically once in a while. Why do you ask? All right, miss it. That's just was curious. So, in other words, you're not hearing enough. Knit was done here already. I'm a student. I'm a student. Well, for five minutes or whatever at the end of the show, it was kind of funny. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. Another guy with a great commentary there. Another one of those thoughtful soft throats of people. Those of you who go through life there and wonder, why is it like this here? Why is it like this show demonstrates and for free? For free. This show demonstrates you exactly. And why does like that? And why I'm here? I don't give a crap. How cold it is. And it is colder than anything right now. It's minus 19 Celsius. Freezing. I don't care. See, I think you're asking for the wrong thing. And what is that? Original material, something to say. See, why don't you just play along with what they want? Like UBPD and we can do that for a day. Everybody can go through a program. Everybody can go through a program. Like that. That nasty bitch. Well, how about everybody? About 40% of that. Yeah, about 20%. Yeah, about 20%. Yeah, about 20%. Yeah, about 20%. Yeah, about 20%. Yeah, about 20%. Yeah, about 20%. Yeah, about 20%. Yeah, about 20%. I'm sorry. Hello, here. Yes, ma'am. Hi. I just want to say I really like you show high-roids how are you. Hi. I just wanted to go ahead and talk to you about the full terrorism thing. I see on the news all the time, you know, then not in tapes. You know, we have another message from Ben Laden and whatnot. What happens to him? There's so focused on the rack and said, I'm who's saying, what are they doing as far as or some have been not in? Well, we don't know where he is. And Sodom has got a home address. So we know where to find him. Yeah. Generally. I would be great. I wish that, you know, he did have his home address so that we can't find him because it's scary to me that all these messages are being, you know, shown on the radio and then on the TV and we're not focusing really on him. He's really the madman behind it. And somehow he's managing to get these tapes, these video and audio cassettes. Yeah, how? You know? He's managing to get them on the air. But for what all the resources that we've got were unable to trace them back to where they're coming from and who's delivering them? My point is that. I mean, we got the tapes, but where is he? Why can't I trace him back? You know, that makes me very scared to be here in this kind of way. Because you're incompetent and what better way to cloud all of that and cover it up by invading Iraq, which is small potatoes. I totally agree. I totally agree with that. That's basically the point I wanted to make. And I think we're just very sexy. And I enjoyed listening to you, so I think you're great. Thanks. All right. She was doing good till she got to that part about George. Oh, I thought she was talking about you. No. I thought she said I think George is very sexy. I thought she said George very sexy. Does it make a difference? Oh, there's a present in Karis I've Afghanistan. Thank God we got that thing all straightened up. That's right. Oh, sir. President Carmy. Carmy. Oh, ah. A-ha-ha. And a girl. You go girl. Certainly not news, baby. You see in a new people are a freaking disgrace. You were disgraced to the human race. All you are in here, the whole thing is showed on Iraq. And here's another general is on her again with the grim look on his face. And he's got the diagram. And they got her Sanchez squatting over the map on MSNBC again. But then other retired general. I'll fill out a retired general's hanging around, you know what? Yeah. They got to do something. Five, six, seven, oh, five, six teeth. Town five. So a lot of what was the line in that work? In network? About the eras. Oh, I can't remember where he was talking about obviously patty Hearst. Oh, yeah. A lot of angry. A lot of kid-man eras. Oh, there he is. That's it. With a lot of. Angry terrorist groups at any rate. Five, six. Oh, look at that. Actually got a bunch of calls on here. And I've fully shifted through these. And I get a real one. What do you think? It's through these a few times. One of them. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. To use them, there's something that follows usually, right? Even with that call. But he has no material. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Ricky, take these real good. It's 200 over those, man. Here's a coconut creek. Hello. Hey, what's going on, Neil? Yes, sir. A couple things that touch with you. You were caught on an Amsterdam issue. You weren't digging on too much anymore. What happened? 21 till noon at 5.60. You've ever to queue. Yeah. I can go. This is 21.25. You way. But if you look in the mirror and you wonder where the hell did that here go? Remember that sound by the Supreme's word in my here go? God, I love that thing. Anyway, almost all men sooner or later start singing that song. Where the hell did it go? It's vanishing. It's doing a disappearing act. Charles Alfie, he's there to help rescue your head. Because for over 25 years now, slippers and millionaires and everybody in between have been going to Charlie if you get a great look in it here because they know even the rich guys that even if they spend all the money in the world, they can't get a better, more natural looking here than the natural hairline system. It's 100% undetectable. It's the best in the business to make a long story short. So if you're like under the age of 100, see with me, it doesn't make any difference. I'm not vain. You know what I mean? I don't need some phony here on my head. But if you're one of those younger guys who wants to look better, maybe get a head in life or just get some head. Call Charles Alfie or you're imagining you're right. Just take advantage of that special 200 dollar QA in this count. And don't forget Charlie, our services and repairs all kinds of hair systems. Why you wait? From the 25 to 30 bucks and make some more for better too. Yeah, nothing goes but that big, grotesque shiny bald spot because everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee. If you don't love the way it looks in fields and smells, Charlie will give you a full refund. If you're not going to lay at least four or five times a day, he'll give you your money back. So make the call that they ain't get some hair. 1-800-321-2413. The choices here is a silly looking mouthy piece or great looking head of hair. 1-800-321-2413 or log out of the website, CharlesAlphieri.com. My life and love all six is for 3-0-56. The way it can weigh in. Oh, young is too young. If you can't find a song or bomb or rag, young. If the terrorists are oppressed, if the terrorists are oppressed, if the terrorists are oppressed, if we have no wildlife with the trauma rag, Ruh, Ruh! If we think that someone's business from a rag, or don't know what the instructions lets the tougher things, our lectures close your mind and take directions from a rag. All right, all in line and follow orders from a rag. 4-1-800-421-2413. The way it can weigh in. If the green will call the trees and let's make more of that hope to see the theme, if we have no reason from a rag. Oh, I'm 45. If I have 60 WQM, George is doing a show today, I'm just hanging around. 5-6-0-56. The lighting room is also in 15 minutes. Shut up. 6-6 votes on the appall. What's your take on a rack attack? It's coming but I'm against 153. It's mostly about oil, 148. It's coming at all 4-1020s, we point 6%. Which means 76.4% are not for it. It can still be avoided 35-7.5% very nice people out there who don't get it. And I have no clue, 20. And you know what? Those must be the 20 people we talked to today. Did you read that Lane Facts? The Lane Response from the guy that was carrying on about Richard Perlott's stuff before? Yes. I don't know what an answer to the question. Yes. It says it's a facts about well. He was nervous because people recognize his voice. Well, if you're too nervous to express what you want, then you shouldn't be called radio talk shows, okay, sir? Isn't that right? Well, yeah. Like anybody that knows him doesn't know what his opinion is about it anyway? Hey, wow, maybe not. Who knows? Maybe he's in the sense of the job. He's leading a double life. See, there we go again. Make him comments. Huh? Make him all these comments again, just because I mentioned this grudge. Oh, and it lends out to me to the transistor. You don't want to make that tie in. May what? Huh? You're not fooling me. Here's a crash says last Sunday I had the unfortunate disclosure of dining it. Oh, look at that. Yeah. Oh, Houston's. Yeah. What's the worst? Why? The specs. Is what? It's worthy. It's not about Houston's. Well, you just relax. Don't keep me wrong, the food was good, but seated at the table behind us was the Megasilevity podcast in over from the fiery, highly-witted young Paul and Ransho. I've never seen Fat Paul before in the approach to our table and asked us what radio station we listened to. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. I responded with, I only listened to Neil, the rest of the table all stated that they listened to CDs. That's when Paul announced himself as a staple of South Florida Rock Radio, our Uncle Pauli. He gave the table tickets to some bullshit and the just before he said goodbye, asked me if it was true that he was trying to get Moe's show. He then went on to tell me first of all, he doesn't do the kind of show that would work on QAM and secondly, I wouldn't work with a bunch of old fat sports announcers. You're a liar, Paul, as usual. You're a freaking liar. You're a liar. I don't know if that's just what you're saying. You're a liar. You're a liar. If you can't say that, your two-day show was Neil's Monday show. That's when he freaked. Asked with the tickets back and went back to his table, have a hectic day, Paul. Feel better Chris. Thank you Chris. I'd be like that. He freaked out and took his tickets back. You could take your tickets and. Right. He pulling me. Lion's second. A crap. You freaking liar. And this wasn't the first time he was sucking around for a job. There. There are memory years ago. were there? Calling up, Duff, everybody else in the building, sucking around heavy duty trying to get in there. And now that his contract I guess was coming to an empty Lenny be the Pimp, not once, but twice. Twice calling me to go suck around trying to get him on a morning show. No chance, Pauli. Okay? Even most material the 10th time as bad as it is, is lame as it is. And at least he's fodder for your own saying? That's what Greg said. I said, how come we got him in the east and for your fodder for your fodder? This is better. That's sexy. There you go. At least he's in good fodder. But as far as Castor Nova's concerned, but that's still a little bull crap at his. Man. Here's the call from Davy. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Well, I say, you're there. I'm here. Sorry I wanted to get you off the speaker there. Thank you. Well, I know that I'm definitely with me and I'm not calling to ask me to see the questions on Amsterdam or tell you that I'm editing or anything like that. Oh. My question. I have a couple questions for you. Well, why does everybody have questions? Don't you have anything to assert on your own like to say? Yes. Everybody say, I got a couple questions. Well, the real one, if I can't find the answer, that's why I'm asking you. But yeah. Well, my thing is this, first of all. I mean, I don't want to find a pretty shit to acquire, but again, definitely you're hitting home here. Whenever I talk to people about what we're about to do this country and I think where the ones that are being betrayed is the terrorist here. This is not about terrorism. This is about oil. This is about our finances. Everybody, you know, I used to think that people will actually rationally minded, but it's coming to a point now where most people are starting to say, well, I'm the one that's crazy. I'm buying into the, you know, quote unquote, conspiracy theories. And I'm curious. Sometimes people will say, oh, well, we are descended into somebody in their dentists, snipe, uh, a sit-on we say. And then some people say, well, constitutionally, we're not allowed to do that. And my question for you is that you might know this is, I definitely don't know this answer. The order is, oh, what you've been put out. It's, it's the directive is, oh, what you've been put out. It's for, for, for, for, for assassination. Yes. Is that constitutionally loud? Is that, well, it was not. It was not. It was not. I mean, obviously, it's a regime that we have in, in office of the sincare. But I was curious. I mean, why do we sell this in troops? And if that's been done. I, I don't want, I don't want to suggest that you sound a little bit naive. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. That's my figure. I just, you know, what I have friends in the military. It's interesting that the military equally divided amongst, if, if, if, if it's members, if you will. If I got say to someone in the community, if the attempt at assassination of Castro by the CIA is legendary, president, he, M, Salvador, I, and they, there's a long list. Yeah. I agree. I just, I just, we're going to lose so many people here. Some of you are, some of you are, of very young men and women. If not, not to mention whatever we're going to stir up that's going to be the excuse for all the, his story that's going to start. Plus, they keep talking every night on the news now about all the, out kind of recruits that we're going to create for them now with all this hostility. That was going. That's, that's the huge point. We're all in the situation. Worf by not eliminating the ultimate problem. I know the, the fact that we've been, they keep including 20, Blair Scream and Valtz. We've been waiting for him to eliminate his weapon to mass destruction. Yeah. Whatever thing. During the 12 years, we've been able to contain him. He hasn't invaded any other countries. He's a back when stole into freight train, and as far as gasping his own people, he did that back when he was our guy and we thought as a good guy. That's the, that's the, that's the right. But, if I try to tell people, if they, they come crazy and the other thing I've to say, just remember one thing, sir. Most American people are stupid as saw does. I, I, I, I, you know, I'm blown away. Cause then then I read about, you know, North Korea, there are the ultimate threat. He, this man has gone ahead and said, we can hit California. But they're not that true. I don't know, but that statement is out there. But the new is not even touching Korea. Right. And here's, here's colon, Powell and South Korea yesterday and CNN shows him. And they put on the crawl. I mentioned this yesterday about our close ties with Japan and South Korea. And then if you watch some of the other shows, the more obscure shows, uh, and then they're quoting again, the newly elected president of South Korea saying, uh, we ought to get to hell out of there and about the, we ought to stop trying to, uh, use our bully tactics. Um, he'd like to see us get our 38,000 troops out of there. So, you know, again, if you're paying the attention of what you see on the major networks, you're never going to find out what's going to happen. I only go news and fire. I just just just, all they are are pedaures of propaganda. They're, they're obedient servants to whoever happens to be in power. We're, we're, we're the one to, who now, this is, this is so sad. I just, I feel like my wheel is spinning and I'm trying to tell people, but what can I do it? This is, this is unreal. And that's my last question for you with this, this move, with it move on Washington dot org. Move on org move on dot org move on dot org and this is a virtual protest. Virtual march on Washington, it's going on all day today. There's sending letters to the senators to the White House. They're light enough to switch boards. They want to get over 100 calls and hour to each is senator. All right. I'm on it right now. Okay. I'm helping so much. Okay. Well, there's one. But I'm almost three hours. We got the comedy best starting. You know, we've got one way. Uh, almost makes it worth it, huh? I don't know. I mean, maybe there are other people out there who don't have to call us to get involved in. I'm sure we got other people, right? Says if all goes as planned today, the throngs of anti war protest is just from all over America. We'll virtually take over the US Senate. On the heels of the recent worldwide demonstration for peace and which activists used email to call demonstrators to national capitals around the globe, advocates for a peaceful resolution of the conflict with Iraq are touting a national cyber march on Washington. Mindful that people now live in an era where computer dating and internet shopping are common, they're promoting electronic descent as an alternative to the kind of massive anti-war demonstrations of a generation ago. Armed with new forms of communication, opponents of the Bush administration's military build up in the Middle East, planned to light up Senate switchboards today, overwhelmed the capital with the sound of ringing telephones, and deliver a simultaneous crush of email and faxes. Organizers say each of the nation's hundred senators and the White House will be denueged with hundreds of calls from constituents with the same message, no war. They'll hear loud and clear from their constituents, regular Americans in Florida and nationwide, urging them to let the inspections work said Peter Sherman, executive officer of move on.org. The campaign was launched from the website's West Go Ted Quarters on February 20, since then more than 80,000 people nationwide of volunteer to call our senators, and another 65,000 logged out of the computers to send faxes organizers said on Monday. Less than 24 hours after the campaign got underway, so many Florida protesters had signed on that senators Bob Graham and Bill Nelson can expect more than 100 calls an hour, human said. It's just one more way to do it said Kerra Campbell of Cochars, the Broward County Green Party, it's just a gradual grinding against the war machine. Representatives of Graham and Nelson learned of the virtual protest last weekend of directed staffers who to be prepared said press secretary's in both orifices. No sense of media all the rest of this, but if you want to find out more about it, you can click on to move on.org or can also go out and just go to our website at goonyourwriters.com and we got a link to it. Are we link in it? All day long. I think it's Jimmy Deans too, that link. 594 timidines, 494 votes what's your take on a rack attack? It's coming, but I'm against it 167 33.8%. It's mostly about oil 150, 30.3%. It's coming of all for it 118, 23.8%. 23.8% for it. It can still be avoided 38, 7.6%. I have no clue. And believe me, we talked the most of them today. I have no clue. 21, 4.2%. We're sports video 562 and 2AM. The lights are west focus, a mega store are speaking of people being fat, they're a lot of you. Oh my god, you're getting fat or in fatter. Atkins a lot of other low carb diets are the way to go. And here's a store that's got over 600 delicious low carb food products in stock in this one great store. In fact, they don't carry anything assigned carbs. It's not in their vocabulary. This week try to sample their new low carb tortilla chips in original or pico gallo flavor by carbs sense. And with their great tasting no carb roux set up by Walden Farm, it's like being in snack heaven. So whether it's to cover light ice cream, bread chips, muffins, cheesecakes, pasta and sauces, all of these things, Delightse West focus a stir-eyed guarantee you'll fall in love with if you're a dieter, and you can try it before you buy it to see if you like it. They got an eligible staff who knows dieting inside and out. Open every day seven days a week, 10 to 10 they create the most complete line of acting brand products that are always 25% off all day every day. So if you're dieting any low carb diet in a world this store is dedicated to you and its entirety, the lights of West focus are on the northeast corner of Glades in a 441 right next to Boston market or column toll free, 1-877 low carb, second amount of the web if you'd like it a low carb dot com. My and local, your sports radio 560 series, 2 AM. This is Dick Jamie. I like their lights by having their McDonald massage my balls while listening to the new Rogers 12 to 1 hour. George or me of whoever this you can tell you a big fat falcon. ACF, he has no white talk religion because he is a bag of him. He is not the present of all thinking. Get me a ticket for an aeroplane. Dr. Garen, the wheel of watching games. I just have to win. Spend the wheel again. Oh, when I pick me a letter bank drop, what do you mean bank right on to how much money I got to spend? Can't stand to lose, get fat say jack again. Won't throw in the towers still live by your powers. Open up, pick me a letter bank. Hey man, what do you mean there's no open phone? Banner pick me a letter, no one does it any better, I dream of all. You ain't banner, I don't know what, Banner I won't understand why you make 100 grand knock for me to say. Anyway, get me a ticket for an aeroplane. Gonna be young, the wheel of watching games. I just have to win. Spend the wheel again. Oh, when I pick me a letter. Go when I look at it, go when I say it's back. Is that a two-way? And they're yelling that word. Is it a low rider? Oh, I love that rider. Forget the letter man, I'll take better-wise, a beautiful wedding. You're necruplated on game. Got me a ticket for an aeroplane. Alright, I'm on the wheel of watching games. I just love that sound. I'm in the bonus rounds. Hey Banner, pick me a letter. Close a turn. Hey fat loser. Banner pick me a letter, no one does it any better, I dream of all. You won't lie, Banner is an over-dance. Banner I don't need to stare, but are you wearing underwear? Not for me to say. Anyway, I don't fear how much money I got to spend. Can't stand to look at that stage, I can't get in. We'll throw in the towels till I buy your powers. Oh, Banner, pick me a letter. Please, Banner pick me a letter. Alright, I'm ready to pick Banner. FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, F FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECP, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECG, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FEC D, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECD, FECG, FECD, FECD, FECD, F Special step into the small confessional bear Look guy who's got religion. I'll tell you if your sins are original If it is, try playing it safer Take the wine and chew the way for who to go All the same Aesle time to friends upstairs She is so get down upon your knees Fill in your rosaries Bar your head with breakfast, back then Check you play, check it, play, check it Make a cross on your abdomen When in rooms you like a ramen I will every inch Give me an hug Ride Rouge merry Rouge merry And the power you possess Big you favorite When you fly, it's just like that. He's got a car for you to turn. There's a man who's here. You're a pleasure man. You have a brand new style, too. We love the way you plot your doom. With the victory on your chest, and all these new titles, that we don't do our own way. Who's with the speed of the sound? Send the badge guys to a two-how. When the buildings are too low, we can't even bend the window. You're a pleasure man. You're a pleasure man. There's a man. There's a girl in extra white jeans. A girl who said, ways it's all in. And she's living with the women, and she's a woman who's here, but she's so good at it. There's a woman who's here. She's in a good state, and she's in a good state, but there's a woman who's here. There's a woman who's here. With the women and the funny play toys in the house of the ladies we all used. When she was young at a restaurant with a boy, he didn't know that she was gay. Until he noticed each time they went out for the seafood buffet. Just look at all those dicks. Just look at all those dicks. Just look at what they have done. The minute she comes home from work to that door. Well off her panties come. She laid it down to stop publishing the rosy mag. Let the laid off staff not paid. And rosey's girlfriend, who's pregnant. Right now, I guess she just only got laid. There is a girl with extra white jeans. Entertainment she's become... And she goes by the name of rosy oldie in the house of the ladies. And she goes by the name of rosy oldie. I'm not going to retire. I'm in a governor's face to run this state. I'm throwing my hat in her ring. Soon as I get done shaking this thing, I'm falling apart by breaking too much. I've had enough of these shapes. Or maybe it's something I ate. I've been laying around here since the new administration's been replaced. Just throwing some iron-mine pins. Thinking this guy's all in my legs. So I'm running around and getting to be other younger brothers. I'm kicking off Donald. I'm just gonna all look crappy. Done. Far at dawn. A white perimeter. There's less beyond. Besides to run. I'm gonna be ready to see this white. I'm not laid, way. I wonder why it's that they're often... How America will ring the beat. I like the world you shake is... My girls call those. Marry it for me to see music. But this is just... We take her home. She loves it, go on. Oh, girls do. She does. She turned this thing along for me all. And now, no. I'm just gonna be fighting off her room. Pretty old-fashioned jazz. It's the last final episode of Captain Kangaroo. I was in Grosier, old friend of Captain. That was also good today because he was out late with Mr. But didn't James last night. Hi, Captain. Shut up, moose, my head. What's the matter, Captain? I've been wearing this stinking needle form of 30 years. This is the thanks to I get. Cancel. What am I supposed to be anyway? A conductor? A conductor, Kangaroo? You're scaring me, Captain? Oh, come here, moose, moose. You're a good guy. I don't even touch anybody. Now, like I've missed a brain genes. You know, many bunny rabbit puppets have been threw on this show, moose. No. 35. Everyone, what happened to all those bunny rabbits, moose? God, Captain. You see moose, he can be with me, little friend. Mr. Electric Well, man. The last final episode of Captain Kangaroo entitled, The Captain has a bad day. Can be yours for just 1995 in Mogul video stores. Video treasure chest. We've got rooms of this craft. Dear, a lannis. I love you remember me. But I was the guy whose house you sent on fire last year. God, I miss you. Even though you blew up my car. Cut all my hair off. I miss you girl. But one quick question. Do you think you could let me know? When you might let me out of this pit. No one's fed me for weeks, much. I'm not complaining. Don't misunderstand me because I love you with all my heart. But if you happen to see my mother, please let her know. I'm not dead yet. Dear, a lannis. I want to tell you that. The guy you saw with your best friend that wasn't me. He died of look and talk just like me. But that surely purely coincidental. I was no way in the other place. I love you too much. I can't even look at anyone else. Dear, a lannis. I had a dentist appointment at day. I was nowhere near the shared metal lannis hotel. I would never cheat on somebody who treats me so good. With all those wrenny's as well that money. Make a mind. Let me out of the pit. We're at the camera. So speaking of the virtual march on Washington, you don't think the free-press were just kind of let that go. And you know, when it's course, of course not. So free-republic.com. Support President Bush reminder the virtual march for a victory. Is going on simultaneous today. Hmm. Just to make sure that we don't, you know, that nobody else wants to be of an impact. And you can be damn sure they're free-pin and creepin and they're wrapping and stop it. My life and love. This is for 2056. Guys, size matter is big time. According to the flow to the Department of Labor Computer Professionals about really big ones. And of course, we're talking about paychecks. According to the state of Florida, computer careers are among the highest paid and the highest demand. Fast-ranking up you achieve your new high-paying computer career in just four short months. Fast-ranking got locations all over town. So this is about to be won. You're by you. They're in Kendall, Miami, Fort Lauderdale, and Pembroke Pines. With the evening of weekend schedules, there's absolutely no excuse to stay in a crappy dead end job. Make an a Paul Treesum and work in for some schmuck when you can start making big bucks. So call our friends at Fast-rank right now. 1-866 Fast-Train. That's 1-866 Fast-Train. They got full-time job placement and guaranteed financing too. Call Fast-Train toll-free and get yourself on a way to a real serious job with a big fast paycheck. 1-866 Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train.com. 2-Call that a Pines? No. What's day in school? Don't go out on your own. Because there's a whole lot of stuff you just can't do at home. Search on or around, but you won't see. A sea can't get full. With a sea can't be. 1-866 Fast-Train. 1-866 Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. 1-866 Fast-Train. Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Fast-Train or check them out on the web at Fast-Train. Anglicate- many unstable 3-0 Fast-Train or check them out on the SLAP. It's maybe cleaning up in the studio,robased some wind accidentally there, new? You back? Now I'm speaking stone, But it makes me worried about And the hat is full In place of Captain Mouse Game with the boys sniper man sniper man Unfirmly neighborhood sniper man when we catch him he will fall hang him on By the hero of his balls on a lookout for that sniper man Sniper man sniper man gonna get you a sniper man on your ass Charlie moose You have your testicles in a new smoke out There is the sniper man She moose to the person who left us a message you gave us a telephone number We do want to talk to you call us at the number you provide public dialogue continue The person you call but not here everything that you say call us back so that we can clearly understand We want to get it right Sniper you listen, but So we out for the spill of blood when the case is finally cracked We'll put up my son and scotel sack look out Where is the sniper man now look everywhere we can now wear this sniper man oh One How the Control Elisus, this presidential race begins Live up in wonder who was going to win Some Palm Beach people went to do their voting chore So count up all the ballots and find out who's gotten more Those old folks seem to have one thing in common Looks like lots of them just keep ever soup Patrick you can't in So I'd like to know who won the election Guess I'd like to know who won the election Countable, countable, baby, countable Countable, poor, countable Countable, baby, countable, poor, countable The final tabulation started coming in. Then I saw a new splash on Channel 10. Some may repeat for all the get-her in a bunch. They said they were confused and didn't know which whole the punch. Those old hopes seem to have one thing in common. Looks like lots of them just keep their votes to Patrick Buchanan. So I'd like to know who won the election. Said I'd like to know who won the election. Or I'd like to know who won the election. Yes, I'd like to know who won the election. Count the vote to count the votes baby. Count the vote to count the votes. Count the vote to count the votes. Count the vote to count the vote. Count the vote for the count the vote. A man if we push. Count the vote. Count the vote. Count the vote. Count the vote. You know what I want more time when we say that. One more recount sounds good to me. So they got time and it was on here from when without war on CNN finally. Yep. And the response is spectacular. It's on the far beyond their wildest expectations. And the senators are all saying this is the largest cyber space response of any kind that's ever happened. How is it going? What is the reaction you're getting? How is it going? So we're putting these pieces together. We won't know ultimately the exact count probably at the end of the day. But we have a pretty good idea that there are hundreds. Well, we know that there are hundreds and hundreds of thousands coming in. I would expect it to be top a million by the end of the day. There you go. How do you like that? If you like to participate, if you'd like to say just say, Oh, to war. And to God willing, those what else they got planned for us just to check out move on.org. Move on.org or go to newarages.com and we'll link you up. 1226 and 560 at 560 QM either. I was going to like play the rock thing. Oh, yeah. Don't do that. I've been really bad. My life and love. This is 140561. You and I. Seems that Chinese buffets are popping up all over the place. You want to know why? Because Ambulk Coast was so successful. There are a lot of imitators out there with him that they can make a fortune too. Putting up some facade, putting up a song in the dance and saying, Hey, we're great. Well, guess what? The other ones are not so great. I've seen your selection and believe me. Not even close. Ambulk Coast gives you a sea of fresh delicious incredible food. Not just Oriental food, but they got dozens and dozens of mouthwagon. More watering on praise of all kinds of eat. So mouthwatering. I can't even say it. The gourmet center is sensational. A sizzling Asian grill with chili hockey steak, chicken shrimp, seafood, a handcar of cooked to your order. You get it just the way you like it in the food too. The Ambulk Coast befaced also at a full salad bar, sushi and fresh shrimp cocktail. But you must leave room for dessert if you can. They got pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings, and fresh from as well. A perfect ending to an amazing, not just a meal, but a pickup. And the good news is for you now. There are three locations of the astonishingly breathtaking Ambulk Coast. You'll find them in sunrise, Pine Island at 44th Street. They're on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd North Miami Beach. And at the intersection of Flamengo and Pembroke Road in prestigious Pembroke and Mokostaksef reservations take out delivery available as well. Call 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22 for the one and only the best in the universe Emerald Koch Chinese buffet. My life and law are this is 4-2056. Wait, can you weigh him? In chains just the way I like him. Let's play with each other. Move it and I'll shoot. All right. We're all I got a two-time semang, go truck in coast coast. All I can do is I like the rule, but it's not what I love most. There's a gal I'll left in Prisco, a sweet young fine name rose, and the best thing about her. She lets me wear her clothes, well I'm proud to be the country transveste style. And I love the world, the girls go all day. Oh baby! Laced bra, a friend of mine, a suit in me, could see now I'm still a macho tough guy, and I hope you'll understand. Has more than the big black mustache, and a six pack in my hand. But when I go out for him, hot doing well for toys. All worse, strapless eating and gown and a nose gay on my wrist, just I'm proud to be the country transveste style. And I love the world, the girls go all day. Oh baby! I close my lips, she's my heart, and sleep in loathsome rain. Now I like the way I'm living. Don't get me by my clothes. I'm all American, he made out of love, and I don't look at me funny. Or I'll punch out your lives. And the last thing you'll remember, is a fucker-in-sist-in-a-tot. Just I'm proud to be the country transveste style. And I love the world, the girls go all day. Oh baby! I didn't even have to give my straight leg on display. Yeah, fuck, fuck! The base, the country transveste style. And I love the world, the girls go all day. Stoutin' me with something beautiful and it sends us all my words. Yeah, it's our proud to be the country transveste style. And I get to be the kind of hold on there. Hope I don't get a run. You know, I hate that. I hate that. You know, when you tip your nails, and that thing flakes off there, it's just terrible. You know, you gotta go back home and just put some new nail polish on. I always think I'm up or something. Just put it on part of me, we're not to do that for back. You know what I'm playing? I could use a bubble by up. I really could. And I'm gonna go to the shop. I am, I can learn God, I'm gonna get a fight. Rollin' up a plan. I feel like I'm up. I was gonna hit up and find the broom. But then I got up. Oh, my world is still messed up. And I know why I'm making a hit. Cause I got hit. Cause I got hit. Cause I got hit. Oh, right at that time. I was gonna go to class before I got up. Come on, ya'll. I could've cheated and I could've passed. But I got up. Oh, I'm saving a next semester. And I know why I'm up. Oh, I'm making a hit. Cause I got hit. Cause I got hit. Cause I got hit. Cause I got hit. Cause I'm making a hit. Oh, I was gonna go to court. You know what I got up. Oh, I was gonna pay my child support. But then I got up. No, you went. Oh, I got hit. Cause I got hit. Cause I got hit. Cause I got hit. Cause I got hit. Cause I got hit. Cause I got hit. There's a lot of  without a confront the cops. But I was having a serious move. I was gonna pull right over and stop. But I was having a lot of  without a pass. Now I'm a tear up, please check it out. No, why? Why? Hey, feel like I have, because I got hot, feel like I have. La la la, ta ta ta ta. I was gonna make love to you. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm sorry. I was gonna need you, fuck me too. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. La la, la, la, la, la, la, la. Now I'm a tear up, please check it out. And I know why. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, you could have like, I know. I could have like, I know. Oh, my dog, my dog, my dog. Oh, no, my dog. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Joey, cause I got hot. Oh, no, my dog. Yeah, lost my kids. I'd like a, like a. See what I say would say less. I'd like no sleeping on this sidewalk. And I know why. Why, baby. Cause I got, we'd like a, like a hat, be a like a hat. La, ta, ta, ta, ta. I was about singing this song. Because I'm hard Baby, baby, I'm singing this whole thing Rolls, do, come on Bring it on And if I don't wanna sell one cup I don't know why I bought it Yeah, yeah, yeah, come on Come on, come on Come on, come on Are you lying on me at the top of the land That, that, that, that Come on, that, that, that You really saw this Shoot, shoot, shoot, shoot, shoot Get your G-Wit, it's G-Wit Ski-pin-e-be Okay Make it Okay Okay I want to give you a kiss Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay I'm gonna call you to the end I'm going to the right, I'm going to the right, I'm going to the right, I'm going to the right, I'm going to the right, I'm going to the right, I'm going to the right, I'm going to the right, I'm going to the right, I'm going to the right, I'm going to the right, I'm going to the right, I'm going to the right, I'm going to the right, I'm going to the right, I'm going to the right, I'm going to the right, I'm going to the right, I'm going to the right, I'm going to the right, I'm going to the right, I'm going to the right, I'm going to the right, I'm going to the right, I'm going to the right, I'm going to the right, I'm going to the right, I'm going to the right, I'm going to the right, I'm going to the right, I'm going to the right, I'm going to the right Right, in the right, I'm going to the right, I'm going to the left, I'm going to the left, I'm going to the left, I'm going to the left, let's go ahead, I'm going to the left, I'll be there. there, I'm going to the left, I'm going to the right, I'm going to the left, but I'm going to the I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. We're time of peace. And do it time of war. I'm gonna do it. We're gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. There's no one with you on my feet. Are you sure? Oh, we're fine. Oh, we're fine. Oh we're flying playing playing play yeah it's for the baye Alright, I hope you enjoyed this time of the song and do it time of thought I hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song I hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and hope you enjoyed this song and a pleasure to see you in 10th century 29 21 till 1 5 60 WM 500 75 votes on Pull and I too shabby what was going on before with the audio? was that?<|te|> Tone Me? Haydk It was a movie full room running some wires in tripping over several and I also said Well maybe if he lost an answer to, he'd get around a little bit better. 575 votes on Apollo what's your take on ERAC attack? It's coming but I'm against it 234.7% it's mostly about oil, OIL 168. It's coming among all 4 at 141.241.5%. It can still be avoided, 44.7.5% and I have no clue. No clue. 22 with no clue. 580 local V6 is 560. 3 years old yours. Oh, and I'm QAM. 580 only had one eye. Yeah, made me cry. What a song the news is hard to believe my collection just merrily some movies are weirdo. Maybe that's no lie. Because of their one thing that she don't need, it's a more tabloid publicity with the word old. He's a weirdo. I guess that I don't understand. Though she won a man, the sky in the middle of the way. I ain't like you, he ain't got no dignity. But I just cannot turn right here. I really think he's given. We're my stomach turns. He's a girl in man with a plastic nose, probably passes round in a panty hose, he's a weirdo. He's a weirdo. Well now being dead, he's so bad because he won't ever get to call me dead. He's a weirdo. Oh, I'm kinda glad I died. He's a weirdo. Oh, don't lie. Oh, the heart burned. Don't go, don't go every time I see. Don't go, don't go, don't go. That retard in him which. Don't go, don't go. My TV. He's president of the world. Repolicate muscle, they're pen and arching, they're easy. I don't know why. They won't want to die, but I need to be there. First comes a net for years. With president of the world. Oh, don't go. Oh, what I get to know, what's once more, and get to we go, what it's all to life. If you want this, don't go, don't go. It's rather than stupid me. Don't go, don't go. And this drug, it rich gift. Don't go, don't go. Easy, then. No more than me. Please, president of the world. You're a dog, care, wanted to. You got a man by hook or cross. You're a Christian. Oh, what I know, what it does. You and I, but I don't feel it. We've got a great leader here. With president of the world. We're the little, little, little. Look outside, I'm saying, look outside. We're the George Bush's got your name. Look outside, we're saying, he says, we know. We know just what you're doing. Look outside, we say you've been a very nice boy. A very nice boy. Oh, you're a bunch of you. Oh, sign up, he'll get you. He'll get you. He's got some business for it, he'd get you. And he's loved to buy her out. Back into the middle of the lane, he just loves you. He loves you, love you, love you. George W is the president. He is the president. up, too, brother, right? He was a beautiful boy man, he liked him and scissors was the therapist. Do, Milli. On the road of the Fred Sans, he'll get you, it'll get me an elsmoud. Yeah, I'm playing for her. Yeah. Still putting her her arm so I don't hear her? You're such a good dancer. Back into the middle of the ages you loved it You loved it, loved it, loved it, loved it, loved it Cool, baby, let's turn this mother out Pop the match of rapper is on my TV No one heard of him before all his name is pop that he I said that's pop the match of rapper Or what be here that long Not a blessing learns the sing-on for right of frigging song I said pop the match of rapper is all over empty me Only because of one shut no forious fi jess But I may be someone should tell him making it his way It's wrong taking at short dead best friends The king flash ball Stoop doggy doggy doggy doggy dog Oh, on the ball track Since I won a five-sixty we got the mad dog at one We got the Joe and Mark for Hank this afternoon All right This fact from Todd and Holly would is somewhat disturbing But you know it's perfect of course a QAM So you'd be glad to know I can hear Neil talking during the spots I'm wearing headphones at work His voice isn't particularly loud Thank God And it cuts it out but it's there nonetheless WQM just can't go global can they more like globulas Love your show please play Elvis he's a weirdo I think I just did it in I yes Todd and Holly with thank you chronic Todd and Holly with thanks for the warning So when I've been saying mother all those other things ever Well, it's an extra treat Yeah So apparently maybe the programming geniuses are taking me the off today Because I've had an awful lot more than usual Usually there's not much of any lot of chatter today A lot of chatter going on in fact Maybe that's the reason we're out there's a racket tech coming to much chatter Because most of the time I was especially early in the show And I was trying to get our whole of Carlos right he was on the hallway with some faggot Ha ha ha ha Shall we list them? No Not yet Well 51 at 5.60 WQM can't believe that let's see my 27th anniversary on Saturday And right now the 25th anniversary for brand issues They've been around almost as long as me in town Any independent family shooter that's been around nearly a quarter of a century Has got to be doing many many things right like offering a fantastic unbeatable selection A men's and women's famous brands like rock ports echo is Mufisto Timberland Clark's SAS 4 Shyman lots more Then there's a wide range of sizes men sizes 6 to 15 women's five to 12 And what's from very narrow to the very wide? And don't forget their professional sales staff They know your feet inside and out It was over 40,000 parents stock in their 8,000 square foot mega store Whatever you want they probably got it sit right there on a shop waiting for you So we need shoes take your feet into brand issues Or there's always a sailor special sales promotion going on Brandy's a great great place to shop for shoes you'll find him at 1290 North federal highway in Paparabito Van Daly 9 to 9 Sunday, 10 to 5 All this wicked brandies all men's and women's spirit boat shoes on sale American originals only 4990 and all of this perished hours 20% off this week only at Brandy's in Pampino Beach W North New York's here The medications on work I've been here for seven years North New York's here I hate this place North New York's here The medications on work I've been here for seven years I hate this place North New York's here I've stolen the records Oh bills the cards and mine a curse the China She lets out a gigo When he makes a new ego Money goes not the kind You can do in the behind But as if got in her vagina she's all mine Where he don't know where her stoke goes I can see how there was some confusion between humans or ends you mid-horse And then I can saw the term cedar box Means saw her naked Stars reporting leads to go in blind Squares work Netflix and he was working hard Late nights in the ovary office Working on a practical joke It took a mac and noodle Put an explode in Loading for Monica With blowing rings a smoke Bill's a garden money Cause the China She lets out a gigo Every time he makes a new ego Money goes not the kind You can do in the behind But as if got in her vagina she's all mine Welcome All people feel that Hillary's been Made a fool of fire husband Feel that Hillary was wrong Up in the linking bedroom She was born and more And how far was doing her with bills old bomb Bill's a garden money Cause the China She lets out a gigo Every friggin' time he makes a new ego Money goes not the kind of thing