Anyway, good morning, Neil. Good morning, Scott. I wanted to go over your pole in no pun intended. One year on what you're taking on Scott for all, one of them on 6 to 10 now, 216 and NS26% I love him. He's a hoot 25% he's okay better than Mo 22% I can't take his voice. It gives me recto bleeding 150. He's a high anxiety like Greg. They have like the lady with the one cigarette. And then who's got for all? And that's 10% and then he blows bring back Mo 3% 1000 votes and it's clear now that we've taken over the world. You didn't love him. You only problem is you caused Greg too much high anxiety. So actually he's going to cut you back to 8 to 8 20. No, no, he's going to only have me on about 30. He's going to cut you back from 8 to 8.05 because we don't want over doing it in the beginning. I have to say radical for this market. You're going to get the too much high anxiety. That's still piece from you. And you don't want to even know what that means. Yeah. Yeah. Let me ask you a question. I'm here. I swim and listen to your songs. And I fart underwater. Very jackass who's the mouthpiece for Greg Reeves. He's like a jack. I think he's jack. And the Carthede Edgar Bergen. I think he's actually right. Reed says he's working on a contract extension to keep Howard David. Absolutely. On the 5 to 8 AM shift. More than 2005 when his deal expires. I thought what agreement to write was when mo expires. Doesn't he look like, you know, like the Brady father from the Brady bunch. But how are you going to do 6 to 10 if they're going to resign mode to do 5.8? I am in the fogiest idea. I'm confused. I work under different terms. I have no contract. I just have a really good lawyer. And I work for you. You have no contract. I'm Satan. I don't need a contract. I'm Satan working for Beasley Broadcasting. I'm a real contract. No contract. I'm like toilet paper. You know, I like my ass with it. I don't have any. Those things that what contract ever protected me when when when infinity did me in New York. They owe me $200,000. You know what they said. Sue us. Good luck against Viacom Smart ass. Really? Yeah, and I went. Okay. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. I'll take the money. You should do all those voiceovers, all the promos. Part of a joke. It was a pretty corny. If Epson has written two books and clicking autobiography, the other side of Oz and Kelly's Quest, and it says his condition is good. Absolutely. And he's 95. How do you like that? But Strom Thurman's condition is dead. What? I mean, wouldn't you say that that's his condition he's dead? Yesterday, Lester Maddox died. And Ernaut, that was Wednesday. Yesterday, Strom Thurman died. So right. See, that's bad. You should be same things like that. It would be like saying, I hope that LeBron James dies in a car crash. It would be like saying that. You know, it's terrible. Senator Strom Thurman, a South Carolina, one-time democratic segregation is to help fuel the rise of the amount of conservatory public and party in the South. Die yesterday. Oh, it is came from Thurman's son, Strom Jr. Who's probably about 85. Stromal was 100 in the longest serving senator in history. Thurman, who's physical and political endurance were legendary. He holds the record for a solo senate field busting retired January 5, 2003 at the age of 100 after more than 48 years in orifice. Thurman ran for prison as a Dixie-Crat in 1948 and won 39 Southern Electrolyphosis part of the state's rights uprising against prison Truman for supporting civil rights. In other words, he was a segregationist. I know that's very unusual. A Dixie-Crat. Oh. In other words, a Republican masquerading as a Democrat. Right. Which, thank goodness, allowed those people come out of the closet. Strom-Thurman is dead. Oh. At 100, that's old enough. When you say, oh yeah. Got some very, very mixed news here. I guess we should give the police a first, Jimmy. Okay. Thurman's little like tie right in with this first piece of business. Very jackass whose Greg reads mouthpiece. He's the puppet. And it's kind of like Mickey Mouse in the Eisner. Right. He's pulling the strings and Eisner's just to repeat whatever he says. Oh, my powder. Anyway, here's the poll that we took yesterday. It was our second poll of the day and we're really good one. What's your take on Scott for Rale? Because he is after all disgusting. I mean, happy. It really would. You don't say what you've said to have motorcycle accident. I prefer a truck flipping over on top of his hammer. Anyway, here's a 10, what is that? 1049, a thousand 49 votes. What's your take on Scott for Rale? We want him on 6 to 10 am now 285 votes. That was the number one result. I've got some bad news though for those of you who want Scott on 6 to 10 bad news. Momentarily. When you agree that it's very bad news tragic. I love him. He's a hoot 266. He's okay better than Mo 231. Now you take those three categories. You got 52.2 is 73. What is about 74%. Okay. You were take. I can't take that voice. 1226. That's 12%. Who's Scott for Rale? 10.3%. I'll see every 10 we do a mobile. Mo Po. You're always about 17% who's more Howard David than they have no idea who he is. Even though he's divorced with the dolphins, they still don't know who the hell that is. Because they don't listen to his show. But with Scott, it's only 10.3%, which is really shocking. And here's the most shocking number of them all. Astonishing. Hey Greg, are you listening to idiot? He sucks. Bring back Mo only 35. 3.3% out of a 152. 35 out of a 1,052 votes. Say he sucks. Bring back Mo is Neil's reason. Oh. But that having been said. As Greg read continue. I mean he's a good one talk about getting anxiety. He gives everybody anxiety. Because just when you think he's finally going to get things straightened out and undo the mess that he created himself, then all of a sudden it's like he's doing a tap dance. He's all over the place. Barry Jackass reports into these anxious Miami-Herald W.Q. M's Greg Reed said, Duffin running back Ricky Williams and Harold Thomas Danle of Bastard will likely be host on a Monday night show during football season. Reed also said he's working on a contractive extension to keep Howard David on a 5 to 8 AM shift past March 2005 when his deal expires. Reed said he's gotten quite a few complaints from people offended by comments from New morning host Scott for rail but Reed remains committed to him. Scott's incredibly talented but goes too far in some places. Reed said I've had some anxiety to which we say. Oh right. Good. Hope that the butterflies who just twisted all around inside your kishki's Greg pay back some bitch. Dicked around screwed up the mornings and the head 85 different people on there. And push us back to nine o'clock just about killed this show. Did everything in his power to butcher us and finally got his back where we belong. Now he's got to go in and everybody loves basically. Except for a couple of several Bastards and a few old women with no sense of humor and a couple of religious nuts. A couple of the same old suspects. But of course this other story right on the heels of that. See you get him putting the pieces of the puzzle together. Right. All ties in. It all ties in. A bill that would increase fines for indecent radio abroad. Our cast was approved yesterday by a sent committee. Pivotal in the decision was an FCC sanction against the trade week they have to in radio team Jeff Deminski and Bill Doyle for a January 2000 to a change in WKRKF and 97.1 in Detroit. Senator Fritz Hollings. You know it's interesting because Fritz Hollings it seems to me I can remember very vividly that he's got a really a colorful mouth himself. But anyway for its Hollings sponsor the amendment to a spending bill for the FCC which oversees broadcasters. The amendment passed the Senate Commerce Science and Transportation Committee and I moved to the full Senate. Hollings said it would be in the published best interest to revoke the license of WKRK owner infinity broadcasting. Ha ha ha. On the show nine listeners called into the scrap sexual position in practices and explicit detail. The WKRK format has since been modified away from a explicit sexual chat. I wouldn't publicly repeat that language in decency and felt myself Hollings said which is really something for him. So I guess if they took away all of infinity's licenses they give all their stations to cheap channel. And assure that we have all right wing all day everywhere. Hollings bill a here we go. Good important part Hollings bill would expand in decency laws and raise fines thresholds. The bill also mandates license revocation hearings for any station that violates of Senate laws. Oh boy, that does butterfly journey at grade. Senator Conrad burns Republican of Montana said he treasurer said it should act as if they don't like what the station is there by tuning elsewhere. The latest rankings WKRK ranked 18th overall in the market, but the committee chairman said it to John McCain Republican of Arizona urge members to pass the amendment. The FCC levied a 27,500 dollar fund against broadcast giant affinity in April. The affinity presented abroad defense based on freedom of speech issues the FCC will now consider infinity's arguments to min skin to all of their both for common and there you go yati yati yati. So the worm keeps turning in a butterflies turning in great kishki. Why? We're sports radio five 60s you. You. Yes. Don't have a penis. I've never had one. I swear. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey. Hey, hey. Hey, hey. Hey. Hey, hey. Hey, hey. Hey, hey. You can't eat that worm. You get man's house, baby. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Oh. I eat like a man. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. What's the thing? I'm going to do something. I'm going to do something. Like a girl. Like a spoiled... Wuh. Full house. Oh. Oh. I like food well. Hey. I like this. Oh. Oh. It's the dad. I can help out he's up there around plate. They're hungry. Oh. Oh. I'll be able to do something. You're like a fire. I wanna swear. Oh. Oh man, I'm gonna slap. Yeah, try one of these. Yes, yes. It's too ugly. Tuck, don't touch. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. That's what happened to the slayer. It's still. Yeah. You talk about women all the time. But you've only talked about men. I don't know what to do when you're so sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Maybe I can get a dick thing in Boko Freyensons. Do you see? Do you see? Go scammed me. Yeah, do you see? 10. 19 at 5. 60. I'm gonna get you aint. That's my favorite right. I got some more bad news for it. Let's get all the bad news out of the way to the beginning. I'll have a real a party in our pain. Please. You know, this fact, you just sent me. Which I'm sure you're very excited about. I am. I think it's a big deal. Yeah, Chris, it's fake. Well, don't you remember I got a flash last. When I was there last week and asking me to play that bit. We went through a whole solid events to find out which one it was. The cake club. It's because I'm seeing where it's from. Right. That's why I said it. I see. So Christine, the Miami Beach, aka Eddie, aka George, aka Joe, aka Sally, aka. Okay, have a great life. Okay, we're on your 25th. Although I'm sure you were very impressed by the last sentence there. I don't remember. Well, it says free hammer fraud. Oh, no, thank you. Well, Chris, leave it. We'll show up and turn out to be Tom. Right. Who probably looks like Josh Friedman. Who? Here's another fact that says, hello, Neil George and Beiner. Save you the bread Neil. The BBC are broadcasting Hillary reading her book each day this week. It's also online at Yadiyada. Best bits on Wednesday. She talked about Boris Yeltson and Moose lips right at the end. Who the hell is Moose lips? I don't want to know. Maybe that's right. Could be so many people. Moose lips is Monica. I don't know. It's speculating. I thought maybe it was Teeke Moosey. But in any way, I don't give me instructions what to do because our audience doesn't listen to the BBC or watch it or hear it or read it. So I'm continuing. Plus it kills about 30 seconds. When you say that, it kills me. Yeah, kills me. Page two. First paragraph. It's very short. I'm telling you, by the year 2525, I have this lift. Hillary says, yet our nation also had unfinished business in the post-war era, particularly regarding race. And it was the World War II generation in their children who woke up to the challenges of social injustice and inequality to the idea of extending Marcus promise to all its citizens. That's enough for today, boys and girls. That's it. That's the paragraph from Hillary's book for today. We're starting on page two already. We're making progress. You're on just thinking. You think there's a tie in between strong-therming croaking yesterday? And the fact that yesterday was that he'd do supreme. He decided to strike down the Texas Sautami law. I probably put him over the edge. I think so. He probably went. Oh, and just expired. And really, it's interesting to me. But again, we know there's a lot of really stupid, stupid, stupid and bigoted people out there. Well, you know, Sautami then has to do with the facts. In fact, even the media, most of there are pro-chwood all-uses about the gaze of very excited and all of the legis notes are all pissed off. Sautami, the Sautami laws aren't exclusively the gaze. In fact, the Florida Sautami law has to do with anybody on married. We've talked about this a million times, and yet every time you mention Sautami or Sautami laws, it's a fag thing. It's a fag thing. You know that. Well, I thought he even applied to married couples. Well, I mean, if you're not, no, I don't think so. I had that nice, the article. It had like the map of the nation in which laws, you know. And don't start talking about sex positions. Okay, that's a guy's need to try to head enough problems. Let's not start talking about that. I would never know. No, but Sautami in the statute of Florida means that unless you're a married, maybe it maybe you're right. Maybe it does. I'd have to get clarification. I think if you're having sex in any, but the missionary position face to face with your wife, with your wife, then it's a Sautami. And you're breaking the law and you can be convicted on that. Wait, not just fags, not just the perverts, not just whatever you consider like, and not like you, anybody that includes humbers like the offer we just got. And certainly you people out there who are living in sin. Oh, damn thing Miguel is going to make it official pretty soon. Can you imagine? Can you imagine the number of years Miguel could have served in prison for the stuff he and his girlfriend have been doing on that great new mattress? Not third man. At least. Here's an interesting fact that says, Neil, I was passing by Mose House, or what says where, but I'm not saying that. Hmm. Now I wouldn't do that. That would be cool on unusual. You have to be a real prick to do that. Check it out. And he had his garage door open on the back. And the, oh, it's speaking to that before I finished his slightly amusing facts. Muff comes in this morning and she tells me that, well, they still haven't decided yet what they're going to do when I go on my summer schedule. Which starts like next Friday. Well, next Friday is the fourth of July, so nobody's on, but you know, I can a few days. And I said, well, you know, if you guys decide to get around with the making decision, let me know. What kind of so typical of this business, like they haven't had plenty of time to decide. See if I'm them, I get for a while. I throw my extra boner to, you know. I give like an extra few bucks and let him do eight to noon. Monday, Wednesday and Friday. You do noon to two. I do the two, the Thursday and Thursday. In fact, he could do eight to noon even on Thursday, Thursday, Saturday, Saturday and the May. Yeah, I thought I'm trying to like, we's a lot to any of that extra stuff, but anyways, is on the back wall, Mose House, this enormous collection of baseball caps must be a hundred of them. Must change off from one to the other to cover up that scunk. That's got heat on over the stroke it or smoke it. Poor Mose, what are we going to do with it? So that's story about Mose working on a contract extension for five to eight a.m. Oh, what, how could that possibly be? We're asking the audience, what do you like, what don't you like? The overwhelming majority they love for, we just brought them in, they were so enchanted with them. They wasted no time giving them his own regular show. Stuck them in their eight to ten. Thank God, because it gave us a lead in number one and number two got us back our ten to two hour. And now it's like, oh, wow, let's recign Mose real quick. Now you know as well as I do the only reason they're talking at crap is because they want to cover the ranch. Because they were afraid that for us going to create a little bit too much heat, maybe they have to blow them out and drag them off to jail or whatever. And then they'll have to stick Mose tired of the last back in the ring. I got news for you. Okay. I got news for if they stick him back in there, I'm not going back to nine to one. I just want to go on record right now saying that over anybody's dead body over George and Vita boys dead bodies and Zack and the beast, which is one hell of a big pile now. It's grown like crazy and fat boy. Over there dead bodies before I'm going back to nine o'clock when you agreed that night everybody agree. We all agree. We just took a poll. That was the that was the prognosis. Okay. We'll get to the days. Well, I guess we can do this poll real quick right now. Sure. Reason being I saw hope you last died on TV which I would never be able to buy the DVD. It's okay. No alibi with Dean Kane and Eric Roberts. And I agree with you. I hate Eric Roberts, but he played a real scumbag so it was perfect roll. He's good at being a scumbag. He doesn't have to act. Yeah. And I've talked to myself because Dean Kane looked really good. Remember that show? What was the name of that show? Loosen Clark? Yes. What was the name of the Loosen Clark show? What's the liberty with a marginal note? Dean Kane. Some people say, well, he's a really great looking guy. No, he's not. He's got like, he's got craters in his post. But I still find him highly erotic. And spite of that. Okay. So it inspired me for the poll. What's the liberty with a marginal or weak face is still the hottest? Put down Dean Kane and then I put down since most of these suggestions will be female because we have that head or audience out there. Jackie Johnson. She's been almost every poll this week. Even on the forlpool she was on her yesterday. Jackie Johnson. Because she's got a monkey face. But the rest of her rate ban. And local. This is for 205. 205. 205. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Then worry about what I need. I don't want to die from having a steak. Don't want to swallow no macadamines. Don't take your break. Chicken top my face. Don't get rid of these boys and ask you to tease. Don't want to catch cold macadamines and waste your way. Don't get rid of these boys and began down. I'm excited to grow and waste the way. Chicken burger the way. Don't get me to be for the same way for. Don't want to get sick from what's on my forlpool. Can't waste the way. Don't get me to be for the have to fool. I guess I love to give up favor to the always the way. I want to live on my face. Don't get me to be for the last in peace. Don't want to catch cold macadamines and waste your way. 1033 I'll tell you it's a great week here at QA. And we got to be in a boy and no computer yesterday and no laptop. I'm working you on. He's probably tapping on it right now. No need. But do you mean by that? Those stories already up there. All the stories are already up. I like that. See this is what happens when George finally takes the bull by the horn. Talk about 15 chains off that short leash and narrowed it down like one or two links. Got him like right around the neck with a stuttered thing. Tell them. Stuttered Dildo. What this punk into shape. Okay. When this one old deal spends 13 hundred bucks to buy brand new laptop because being a boy can't get his life straight. You better have those damn stories up there right pronto Mr. In fact, if I knew you better do them so fast, I'd have to fetch a couple more. I'm going to get a couple more names for this list. Okay. Alright. Let's not push our lot. Let's get a few more names for this list. Okay. Because I got lots and lots and lots and lots of stuff. Important stuff. Do you believe me? No. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. Hello. Yes sir. Are you doing? Pretty good. I got a couple of questions for you. One question is I'm thinking to go on into broadcast. Yeah. You sound like you have a real book. The answer is no. What's the next question? Okay. It's not a joke. The answer is no. You haven't got a voice for broadcasting for that long. What's the sound like? It sounds like you've got a closed pin on your nose. What's the second question? The second question is, how do you get all these scripts? You know these? It's the way up there. And you know all these? What was it? The way up. No. Which one were you talking about? The one that laughs, the man that laughs. How do you get all those? You're doing that. Do you get it again? Because I want to make sure I know which one you're talking about. Yeah that one. How do you get it? Actually I do all of those. I do all of them. Because you do that. You notice on the days when George is doing the show you never hear it. Because I'm not here to write. And like I also do that one. Yeah. Oh you do that one too. Are you sure? And that's also me doing a Phil Henry of Personaia. Never great day pal. See you tomorrow. I'm Monday morning. He'll probably be doing a morning show Monday. I'm on my podcast. He had to be just joking. Maybe he was auditioning. He was very good. Which celebrity were the marginal or weak face is still? See what I said the hottest. That's not that I shouldn't have phrased it that way. I don't mean the hottest of them all. I think I know what I mean. Don't I? It's still real hot. Shouldn't we just write hot? I know what you mean. Especially when it comes to guys. At least you know, they can have these faces that are rugged. That's probably a simple speaking that all the women go crazy over Sean Conorium. He's he's ugly as soon and Jack Palais was another one. He looked like a winner. We're got the brick wall right at 100 miles an hour. At rugged look women. Rugged. Such a hot. And I guess. I like that too. Let's get to more names for this list. And now I get it in the important stuff. Okay. Because we don't want to put the list up there until we got more than just Dean's cane and Jackie's Johnson. Dean came from out there. From 100 yards away. He looks pretty good. And I'm going to be was I looked up in my abone book. He had two and a half bones out of four. No, no, alibi. It was it had a pretty intriguing story. Very convoluted with twists and turns and all kinds of a crap and bad crap. You would have liked to watch your name. What I tell you her name was that played the weird name. Very strange name. But very erotic and exotic. We're never saw her before. Anyway, here's a call from beautiful Miami online six. Beware. Hello. I know it. What did I tell you? I said, but only today is that you see if you're going to scream. We can't handle that. Not on a Friday. We're trying to go over the weekend with a positive attitude. We don't want to talk to screamers on Friday. Doesn't it get on the air easier when you scream? Yeah. You notice you only got half the word. I usually let them say the whole thing way. We're tired. But today's retire. And as soon as I saw line six, I was head my thumb right on. Nice going Neil. As my psychic powers kick him once again. 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, Hey, listen, retirement sounds great to me. Palli just told Greg to write the check. Write that check. I'll be gone. Never see me no more. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Yes, sir. In honor of the Supreme Court, I want to thank you in the front. Absolutely. Get a good suggestion for a list, aren't we? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, everybody. I want to do a show. We got the broadcast amateur hour guy. It was the, yeah, whatever it was doing. It was making those error kind of sounds. And now we got this guy who can't get laid. And then we got retired. Next guy. Here's a call for my spombie. Hello. Hey, how's it going? Okay, sir. I got caught in the years. I was that for you. Cameron Diaz. Not Carmen. They were Cameron. Yeah. I actually want to call about the academy. Well, you're talking about? Yes. I think it's 13 states when they still have the script. It's not going to be long. Four is one of them. And nine out of those are error old married, whatever. And then four more exclusively homosexual laws. Right. But the one in Florida includes everybody. Right. Right. Yeah. Of course now they're all going to get thrown out anyway, because the Supreme Court ruling isn't just going to be for Texas, because the only other ones will get thrown out. Right. That's the constitutionality of all them. That is correct. You know, it's far as mole. And I don't listen to it show them. I don't listen five days. Well, why should you be the one? I think they're happy. I always get them off the dolphin broadcast. So that's when I was a pastry officer. Yeah. You know, the interesting part of that is we didn't have a problem. Bill's in for a mad dog had great chemistry. Everybody was happy with the broadcast. They did a fine job nine years together. And then they bring this old buddy, buddy, buddy, with his bad smelly hairpiece in. And right off to bed, everybody's getting moved out to make way for this guy. That's why it's amazing to me with all the problems he's created. And the very little that he's produced that Greg read. I mean, I realize that Greg is dumb. But the idea that the audience despises him. Everybody inside the building unanimously despises this man. And Greg is negotiating to keep money. They're, however long. Another fighter. Let's put a radio broadcast to the game. No, I watch around TV and they're right. And if listen to a sports on radio. He does that. Left to right on your radio. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, no. He's a good play by play guy. You can't deny that. He's got a great voice for. He's a great job on that. Yeah. He's countin' high school. They just catch some of those videos and could see like that. It's just kind of get on him. I scared all that. Yeah. I'm glad you like him. I'll pass it along. Have a great weekend, pal. Okay. Well, there's just one name for the list in this guy. I like, you know, he doesn't like my wife. Nothing about him. Even her piece. Okay. So there's Cameron Diaz. Well, we've got a little this list. Slowly, but surely, we'll bring your partner. I said a godder. Godder? Yes. You got her. I'll be honest. I've seen her some while I again. I've seen anybody can be a lot of makeup in the right camera angle. But I've seen her times when she looked pretty damn erotic. Right? Not as erotic as Dean Kane, but he's super, man. Here's the fact that says typical of the may-de-be portraying strong firm in some kind of American hero. I couldn't be happier that intolerant racist, come a full big piece of smith is finally dead. I've tried to commit several acts of subtony tonight. Honourous strong firm in his writing corpse. The piss off eras Anthony Scully and Rich Santorum. Oh, right. Excellent. Good work. Work on it. Sounds like he's working on it already. Here's another one. I love how every- I see this is interesting. I love how every single day you have to tell for well to get to hell off here. I think it would just come until two if he didn't say anything. Well, of course. I'm so really correct. I've always have to tell more than once too. Goodbye Scott. Bye Scott. Can they love the air Scott? I'll see. I just keep saying goodbye until he finally gives up. At least with mode, this wasn't a problem. No cause mode is busy telling his audience that that the scumbag fact was coming on next turn off the radio. Not that I'm complaining since the fact sure the motion blows, but I think he has to play by play voice. Did I just get through saying that? Yes. Good thing the Supreme Court's overturned the Sodomy laws because mode would have hundreds of trials to testify at. From Thurmond Dead is nothing but great news since he was a racist piece of garbage and surely will rot in hell. Bye. And low. Fix this sports radio high, sickie. You way way way way way. Yeah. Beethoven Come on. Chineto? He never wears a vintage hat when they broadcasts. He's been going in such a good time's work. From a whole 36-week reference, it's expecting where the bullets will be caught when they ared at least you and your�네. He's gonna come in and cause we want the You're a little bit tired of your job Tell I can do You're just as tired of your job You put your phone in the ringer And I hate you, I'll do that You keep your eye on business Calls you to the right away back You're a little bit your eye on business But first you got to go through it Cause back to you, so turn it down And it can't be more fulfilling Tell I can do You're a tiny job Don't tell you, you're a tiny job Don't tell you, you're a tiny job Don't tell you, you put your phone down Look at that, I see it in the perfect range 50 on Monday Oh, right You're a tiny job You don't have any strong permit, but it's the place for you I play the Jesse Humph, same difference Yeah Same fanciest to mentality And Josie, he's getting ready to out Would thank when you Happy birthday to people at Bowling Green Who make those beautiful courvets Boy, I love my courvets What's the level on Don't forget join George McGell I feel the show 3-5 this afternoon It's 4-Laterdale Harley On Federal Highway Just south of open parks stop by to win prizes It won't be much And enjoy free food from a lot of city subs That's the jackpot Plus gonna chance to meet and greet George And the lovely McGell Who's on a virgin get married now And it's a damn good thing So it can stop them all as Sodomizing acts Get them while you can Grab money can Grab money can Drain before he makes it official Why but she's really pissed She is just foaming at them up Don't speak into that being pissed about things like that Don't miss passions today All my passions people out there all tenure What an episode You get like a free Broadway musical on passions But when you'll see today Let's celebrate it with a marginal or weak face It's still pretty damn hot Dean Kane, Jackie Johnson, Cameron Diaz That's all we got so far My take several hours to build this list I just sent you a facts of one Oh Oh I see Julian Barberry Barberry Barberry Barberry like three shows it once I don't know if she is she's skinny She's got a really skinny face with a skinny nose Blonde dits Probably one of the most hard to take human beings in all of history Really? She's a spaz She's a cougke Really obnoxious You just want to shoot her Yeah At least I do Well that says here, Julian Barberry is one for you She's got a hot body, actually like a slut Has some awesome hooters But there's something about her face that makes you think Well she's still pretty hot She does her motors Plus, P.S.S. is your moe is a cheap FU The rest of it I do like that He's cheap on top of all the other things So it's easier We knew that, we remember the stories From when they would get the free food You know what I'm talking about like a New York prime Like when he went to New York prime And Boca and ripped them and asked because they didn't give him a freebie I didn't cater to his whim And the suck up to him Or when how he comes in in the morning with food For everybody and everybody chips in for the tip except for Except for the moment Of salute all my god What a cheap prick I still can't get over this Greg read business You know I asked Muff about it this morning Of course Muff is still worried about his ass He's he's out of the loop But it would be better whoop but I hit her now Because Greg basically Greg and Barry Jackass had a one programming Mistation Muff and Clarence they think they have something to say about anything Forget about it It's Muff and I mean it's Greg and his mouthpiece Very Jackass There's one's pulling the strings 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line Here's my N.E. Hello Hey, this is the funny thing Yeah Here's key largo hello Hey Neil Yes sir I'm your partner Are you up in Toronto now Does it make a difference? Well yeah you sound like you're going to charge them again Yeah Yeah, okay I got two people for you I'm in contact with you I'm doing the show for my house Okay go ahead I'm bad mud but the great actor is James Woods Okay, no there's this face, yeah And the woman would be lowering that calf She's play Roseanne's sister You admit to watching that show? No, but she's done some other great movies Yeah, sir You're in Toronto You're in Toronto Okay, we got it down, paley Hi thanks See you 560, see we're building less Once we get like it doesn't matter that we can actually put it up on the website And start doing something We started this Here's plantation hello Neil Yes sir How you doing? Okay I'm absolutely sick of you The most contracted This is everyday now Every single day We'll be a moment, go, go away As soon as I saw Plantation And who it was? Every single day Moal must go for a while at 6 Moal every single day You're boring man You are becoming the new chronic Am I right? Beyond At least three days in a row Every single day You're not funny, you're not interested We understand you hate mo like poise You got a lot of other companies to move over You're your ponders, your terminal You have nothing else to say You have nothing to contribute to our pool You have nothing to talk about All you do is make the same sound Moal must go And you have a good point 5605605 He's just in a lot of stress today When he heard that news about Greg Negotiating To Resign Moe In addition to which Moe is just Turned about a hundred How long can this old park keep working? Is this another guy that's gonna die? No, seriously Is he gonna die on the ear? Is that what it's all about? Maybe if it is, we sure hope To hell it's soon God And I, you know something I will hold the body if that happens Because I will come down and dance on his grave I don't know what you're laughing about I'll come down special I'll make a special trip So I can dance on that nasty miserable old forest grave He does the stoppins though He's a sports guy You know I, Greg, you just, you're hopeless He's just a hopeless clown Can't stop tinkering Can't stop dicking around behind the scenes Rings in the guy like for real Just about everybody loves him And now while we're nervous He's giving me a butterfly's A lot of complaints If you don't get any complaints That means nobody's listening Don't you get it? Of course you're gonna get complaints Because he's off the wall That's what we like That's what we want We don't want some asshole Some old stuffy A fart pontificating on the ear About well This is what's going to happen And the heat are gonna trade the first traffic Guess what, Mo? Didn't happen Did it wrong again? Here's coconut grove Hello What the fuck What the fuck What the fuck What the fuck What the fuck What the fuck What the fuck What the fuck Here's a lady in Pembroke pine Hello I'm here happy Friday And back to you How about their Jessica Parker? She doesn't always look that pretty But somehow she's very high No, you just put it on there So I can say Sarah could Jessica Parker again That's the only reason you did it Okay Thanks Bye Bye Sarah could Jessica Parker She's on again She's like Jackie's Johnson They're making a list every day For asking it what day of the week it is Oh, it's Jackie Johnson Sarah could Jessica Parker She once I started saying that I can't stop doing it 5670560 Pound 560 on the AT&T And see where Don't let me forget that Walmart war story Oh, I won't Well, I've got just piles man Cocaine found out There I have many of me right Didn't even bother sending in the pile Although this one I did Cocaine found out nearly all Euro notes What do I tell you about those European? Almost all Euro bank notes have traces of Cocaine According to a study by German scientist Professor Fritz Sougal and a team from the Institute for Biomedical and Pharmaceutical Research in Nuremberg studied 700 Euro notes from across the Euro zone Between January 2002 the month and notes were launched in my stogust 3% were found to be contaminated with an average of 0.4 micrograms of cocaine particles Just days after the Euro's launch And this figure served in 90% in seven months The most highly contaminated notes in the first study It's cut on Euro notes originated from Spain From all your people Yeah, all those spicks Are taking it up to nose Rolled up back notes are often used to sniff cocaine Because the notes are made from pure cotton Cocaine crystals stick easily to them And quickly get passed on to other notes In other words it kind of like all rub's off Kind of like the anthrax was doing Remember that? Rubin? Information appearing on telegraph.ice is copyrighted This must be reisen Why am I reading that? So there you go. You got coke on the Euro notes If you're really desperate just start the stuff in some of the bills up your nose 567560 Pound 560 on the AT Here's West Palm Beach Hello Yeah, yeah Yes sir We weren't talking about Vermont. You ever been there? About Vermont? Yeah No That's a Same sex marriage law What do you think of that? What do I think of that? What does that mean? What do I think of that? What does that mean? What does that mean? What does that mean? What does that mean? Vermont is not a conservative state Vermont is a very liberal state. What are you talking about? Howard Dean was trying to Oh no, he didn't want any McDonald's Or they don't want any Walmart Because they don't want a bunch of Nazis running around He's a Walmart and McDonald's Maybe trying not to poison their people to get out of here What do you think about that? I'm sitting here in Toronto on Tario Where they just passed the game marriage Where gate couples are getting married Coming from all over the world to get married What do you think about that in Vermont? How is it possible to be so stupid sir? Do you work at it? Okay, thanks God, almighty You know, it's got to be the geographical location It's got to be the fact that at night time I've talked about this for years The only signals that come in on AM radio Are from like no speaking race Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck You know, all that crap You know what exactly what crap I'm talking about Oh yeah As opposed to any place else you like Have some kind of even if you're living Like in the middle of bum fork with constant is somewhere You have some kind on your radio of contact Would like the somewhat civilized world Right, but Florida is like so detached from anything else And so cut off and it is to which these people just don't get out too much Or it's hot Not if he asks me What's celebrity with a marginal or weak face is still pretty damn hot That's what we're asking you today Now we can put the other thing up there Okay, I'll be in the board. Get a hold of your buddy If I keep in rubbing this nose now that you've got a new up nice new laptop It's being sent You can jam that right in Eric's nose 5th local 6th 6th 3 years old yours Oh Oh QAM Why do you best I You always wait It's got lots of hate Every swing of me loves of the earth This one thing we know People come to close money towns The friend here's we have And the chairs we fly When your girlfriend is a guy And she's big as then you down there When the frog breaks out Make sure your person's down And make someone round by the hair We want to hit us a poor undercase And we've been there for too much skim The springer shows all right for a fight And skin if you put your hands There's no word as the name Who got him a break And her stupidest fight The springer shows all right for a fight And it's springing a show Spring yourself breathe bill missed with the store offer a head that you know. She is a fan and she says, oh, she thought the sentence was unfair. The verdict was wrong. Right? Oh. She was having a good time. She can be bothered scraping guys, poor ass off the windshield or calling the 9-1-1. Here's the good news, though. Okay, this is the best news of the century. An oil and solicitors calls can be muted. All right. Tired of telemarkid is ringing you up in the morning, noon and night. Yeah, round of time. Starting today, you can sign up to block those nasty telemarkid calls thanks to a new federal program and it's long overdue. You can list your phone number on a new national do not call registry that will render your line off limits and telemarkiders. Phone registration for the eastern half of the west of Kledi Michigan begins July 7 by calling 888-382-1222. Those west of the Mississippi River can begin calling today. No matter where you're living register online starting right now, this moment at do not call. This hit again. Do not call that gog.gov.gov. The probation until marketing calls won't take effect to October. Then violators could face fines up to 11 grand. President Bush will answer service this morning. It's about time we did something we all agree with. With the Rose Garden ceremony at the White House, the FCC endorsed the program unanimously. Yesterday, the federal trade commission was announced in a registry last year. We'll administer it. It's expected to put some 16 million home phone numbers off limits to telemarkiders. FCC commissioner John Ablestein who's wanted to go guys by the White Kledi registry. One of the most significant things the FCC has ever done for American families. Get those assholes off our phone now. We hate the idea. September's Circiate, the executive director of the American Tele Services Association of Trade Group representing the industry, we think it violates the first member right to commercial speech. Right. Like they have some art to be calling and bugging a hell of us morning noon and night over and over and over. Can I speak to you? You know, oh God, see what me. I always know it's them because first of all, it's a lot of area and then number two, they can't pronounce my real name. The best part of that is a lot of times when they look at the name, because these things are dialing and dialing and they're looked down to see the name of the person at that number and they panic so they just hang up because they know they can't pronounce. That's a benefit. In fact, if you don't want to sign up for this, just change your name to like the health of rest is would be good. And when they look down and said, believe me, you're clicked. It's skibbibble. Right. So there you go. We have a lot of facts this tomorrow. Be in a boy tomorrow morning. So we can put this info on our website so people can you're awful quiet boy today after you just the busy men. Tomorrow tomorrow he has an appearance at Bill Siddles Boulevard of Savings from 11. Yes. And as a result, tomorrow, we'll be faxing the stories by 9 a.m. Is that where you're agreed on? Yep. Didn't we agree on that already? Are you his agent now? Are you like a baby sitter? The intermediary? The camp? Where would he discuss that? Tomorrow he's getting the one-time old-eas special dispensation. I'll get my ass out of bed early in the morning and by 9 a.m. you'll have those stories right hot in your little ugly hands. Just making sure you didn't forget. I didn't forget. Look at that camera. D.S. has four votes. This polling is going to get a lot of response today and they're what who cares. Maybe we'll give our website a little bit of a rest. Because our polls have been just inundated with cramp lately with Zillions of votes. What's so every with a marginal or a week face is still pretty damn hot? Cameron D.S. for Zillion Barberry 2, Sarah Cajesica Parker 2, Jackie Johnson 2, Dean Cains got my vote and that's only 11 so far. We'll get there. We have a whole bunch of more names. Well, we are not. Bye or not. We will just get a bunch of looties. Are we need a carry? No? That's what I'm counting down to that magical day like next week. Here's a call from Fort Myers. It says hello. Neil, yes sir. Hey, it's a great talk and tea here in Fort Myers. It's serious. We don't get you. That's so sad. You know what they did to the you people over there with this show is criminal. It's a conservative and sports jocks. Right. But what I wanted to call about, I'm heading up to Hamburg next week and I will visit Toronto. I'm having no desire to go to New York City but I do love Toronto. But one of my points is listening to these conservatives here. They think that the whole country now, the all the laws and everything are just going to go right down the drain because of this ruling. And you know, it's the difference being they're not hurting me or anybody else. They're basically, you know, they're not out there committing a felony and what have you. And you know, all the laws are not going to change because of this. I can't imagine anybody with a brain other than the bigoted religionists who of course it's good for business to keep a lot of bigotty flying. That's how they keep getting the money in. But other than that, I can't imagine anybody who believes that the government has any business checking what you're doing in your bedroom. Well, like, you know, the ball-headed guy on the conservative. He thinks the whole world's going to pot now. Yeah. Well, you know, look, they're going to have to find a new scapegoat. That's what it boils down to us. Fags have been a scapegoat for many, many years now. And now that the, basically, all of that is going away and you got gay marriage is up here and it's going to be a matter of time down there. They're going to have to find a new scapegoat. Yeah, the point is, you know, you have to cut down the Chinese people. Yeah, it comes at me with the gun. Then of course, you know, what I do in the privacy of the home is, as long as I'm not hurting somebody or look, it's not rocket science. It's just basically very simple. Anybody believes in a free society. It doesn't believe a government should, you know, have any control of what you're doing in the bedroom with the consenting adults. Is this stupid? Yeah. Well, over here, they really want everybody to think the same way. They came back with two talk shows stations and they put nothing but conservative and, you know, sports, no humor, no nothing. Right. It's at that area. Look at where you are. What do you expect? It's a bunch of Yahoo's over there. You don't have anybody in there with their other and yourself. Have a great time. I'll see you in a couple of ways. Well, see you, Toronto. Okay. All right. See you around. Big gay pride parade here Sunday. May I have like maybe a close to a million people out there, missing in, I mean, marching through the streets? Lots of big gays. It'll be a gay extravaganza. 567.0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T. It's time for America to grow up. What do you think? No, I'm sorry. Time to screw up a little bit. Stop worried about whatever. Everybody else is doing. Get with it. Stop killing people and start to get with the program. Here's the West Palm Beach, hello. Yes, sir. When is the? Yes. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Round and join. I want to get out of the foot. I want to get out of the foot. I want to get out of the zone. I don't know who's Reverend Joe's like I said. 560. Pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. Reverend Joe's with the bad connection. Oh, that's. Here's the lady in my me, hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. Oh, hello. Sorry. Little swastard. Um, I'm glad that that parallel was on the air. First of all, I want to say that. I didn't agree with his. You on the, uh, Saudi me law this morning, but that's a tation. What what do you say about it? He basically said that it was wrong. That it was opening a can of worms. He said that the ruling on a Saudi me law was wrong. Yeah. Approved like him. That could have been just the, uh, soraldi personality talking. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I heard. You know, you must have misunderstood. He must have been doing stick. I hope I misunderstood. I'm trying to work. I did want to, I, you got a Jesse helm. And I wanted to tell you that the it's a card not found from the dance channel. And they had a documentary about Jesse helm done by a 30 year old man who grew up in Carolina. And, uh, left and he would be, we were a mid-in-Europe. And they did a gay man. Of course, he wanted to find out why people were still voting for Jesse, you know, in the 21st century. And it went on for two hours. And the most chilling thing was at the end of it, they had a post script. And they shared a little university in, uh, somehow in Carolina. And they said that they had, uh, it was, he was going to do a fundraiser for Bob Gold. And they couldn't get in because they got there too late that they were interviewing Kippel on the way out. And they's two young men, one white, one black, obviously, couple. And the man said to them, what do you think of Jesse helm? This is well, and they flashed his name, which was not familiar. They being an artist. He's against the arts. He's also against homosexuals and he's a racist. And by the way, this is my boyfriend, and it was Matthew Shepherd. And it was about two years before he was murdered. Wow. And he looked like this, you know, skinny milkhead. He was. And, uh, he's got 19 years old. And they had him on tape for five minutes. And it was their chilling. It was something that I guess I didn't expect at the end of this. But it said, well, you know, you notice the first one, three, I guess today after the decision was an asked by the Supreme Coral, he's religionist in the American family, a research council, and focus on the family. And Hocus, Pocus, God is good in Jesus saves all this other crap. And our religion is nothing but hate. That's all it is. And when people finally wise up to that, that's only chance we got. I don't necessarily agree with marriage of any kind, but marriage needs to be taken out of the realm of religion and put into the area of, you know, protecting yourself, civil unions are okay. You know, they'll do something. But it'd be nice to have the satin rice and everyone else. Yeah, that's right. Especially like the about why is it that implored us. You're good enough to foster, but you're not good enough to adopt. Because it's flora-dough. That's why. That's because bigotry is our middle name. Have a great day, sweetheart. Thank you. Bye. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, all the AT&T of rise in line, Cameron D. S. 17 votes. She's not. Jillian Barberry 16 votes. And Spadawad George said, I don't know who that is. Sarah Jessica Parker 12, Jackie Johnson 11, Dean Cains got five. James Woods 3 and Laurie Metcalf don't have any. We got to get more names on list than that. We will, only. I hope I think we're gonna bunch. From an AT&T 11, I can't believe for Elsa that he's again. How did he get? He said Beast called in a spy report. Oh, this beast. What are you into? You are a fatso. What did he say? That he was talking about, be mowing the fact that it's on. It can be on every front page headline from coast to coast, but he can't say it on the air of the word. So I heard him say that. That's what he was be mowing. I heard him say that. Beast, just mind your own business. Okay, it's more setting if we have like a little controversy, all right. Just put out. Go get a couple of salami sandwiches to tie you over on your way home. Did he get the real lunch? He, what are I saying about him? Just a Yanita, ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta. Don't forget, Beast, nobody likes a Yanita. Okay, nobody likes a little Yanita. A fat little Jewish Yanita. I'll tell you about a great place. Barbecue's galore, especially in South Florida where it's like barbecue season almost all year long. At barbecue's galore, you'll carry the finest selection of Weber grill's accessories, starting with Weber Smokey Joe portable charcoal grill for under 28 bucks. Perfect grill for the July 4th, picnic or any time. And nobody can be barbecue's galore amazing. Endless selection of top quality grill. They carry a full on of grill's including Weber, Viking, Jen air, Braalmate, lots of exclusive grill's. You won't find no place else like turbo, barbecue chef cook on a captain cook and also with the guaranteed lowest prices in the universe too. Right now, at barbecue's galore take advantage of no payment. Same as cash financing until January 2004 on a proof credit. This week, take on the amazing three burner cook on grill. A barbecue's galore exclusive. This one comes with a host of great features that you normally find only a more expensive grill's. Like 42,000 powerful BTUs, porcelain coat of cast iron burners and cooking grills. And at January 625 square in cooking area. A guarantee you won't find another grill like it for this price. Now only 349 bucks. And you'll only find it at barbecue's galore. Another one perfect for that fourth of July cookout. So get in there this weekend and check it out. Don't forget barbecue's galore's America's best barbecue store. They've got everything out of the sunneed for barbecue and you'll find them in plantation and university, drive it a fountain shopping center. Cal 9 5 4 4 2 3 4 300 4 2 3 4 and your final McCross Springs corner sample in Rock Island Rhodes called 9-5-4-7-7-7-6-6-8-7-7-6-6-6-8-16-8-B-Sure-in-Tem-Met-old-Crusty-Neal, sent you by the Barbecue's Glocker. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. I can't believe you're out there! Stop feeding me!!! I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. Without you I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. There's a little bone to me. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. Your own brain is running around and I was losing him. Don't force me to spare him. I can't believe you're in the middle of the world. Attentionless book. Good man. I love Mike. He's a bit of an idiot, but I like him. Hey You blew berries going on you blew berries going on black Mary, but my page right room is a Kim control I'll give her the Cyclops Did you get into the trail? Did you see Cyclops? Yes, I did. Thank you, tiny Okay, hey Rory This picture Hey I'm not gonna say it Jesus, I think you killed her. What happens in Tally's place? Stays in Tally's place. That's right. Bring your men another Jeep on Saturday. All right. It's 11.25. 60 WDQ. He's our kind of guy, man. I'll tell you that right now. Let's bring him back. What do you say? Okay. If only. You were right about this pool. I passed the pool to George every morning. This morning, he looks at this one and says, they're not going to understand this. It's just an incandefly. You're right. I don't think it's all that complicated, do you? No, it's not. But I know. But then I know. When you got people who the best thing is, Mom, my sco, my sco. And plantation. Mom, my sco. Break the air. What's celebrity with a marginal or weak face is still hot? That's a question. Not that there's got to be a whole bunch of, okay? Not 30. You got to be like, I'm out of 100. Maybe they're just not into it. Okay. The busy getting ready for a beer. We can't. No. Got to make an open lines. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Here's Delray Beach, hello. Delray Beach. Yeah, and Leo. Yes, sir. One time, we're going to fish time caller. All right. All right. How about Robert Redford? Okay. It's a crazy old face and the girl, the woman's still alive. Crigie or face? It. He does have a crazy old face. Okay. Thanks, Palai. Have a great day, week in. Robert Redford, the woman's still alive. I guess so. I guess even at his advanced stage, how about Paul Newman? How about him? Huh? Well, he's the same category. I put them in both in the same category. In other words, the category I put him in is I don't even want to see either one of them. I got it. But no, but seriously, same thing. Let's get those both on there. And now, are you guys writing these down or writing them back? Okay. Just checking because this pull unfortunately, what we were on a long run there for about 600 pulls in a row, that had a phenomenal response. This one ain't going to happen. That's okay. Like I said, people are busy to get ready for the fourth of July and all this other stuff coming up. I'm getting ready to just psychologically for that summer schedule. In my mind, which one of these days may be our programming. Mafia will get together. Have another one of their 80 or 90 meetings in this side. What the hell we're going to do this summer? George was certainly like to know that would be kind of nice. Oh, whatever. They can tell me that morning or whatever. As long as the paycheck comes through, that's all he cares about. Like most of the rest of us. Here's a call from Jupiter. Hello. Hey, nearly. Yes, sir. Long, long, long time. Looser back to day to day. Second time caller. Okay. What's happening, Neil? How you be, pal? What's, what's up? I just been, what do you think about this new rule? Do you think it's ever going to open things up a little bit where... Oh, cute. Well, I don't mean open. Rectom. I don't mean that. Man, Neil, you got to stick my body. I didn't say that George did that, right? I'm talking about open arms. George, I... I've always... All the time. You know, it's like, you know, we got such a moral society where they're out trying to bust a local bookie, you're trying to bust a local guy growing a little pie. Right. I've always been open pie, and the girl that wants to make a little money with prostitution, they're just going to bust everybody, but, you know, why don't they go after the real criminals? You know, why don't they... Well, let's ask them a little bit. Look, that's not going to change. You don't mean what I can live to see that. Maybe, maybe this is a little teeny tiny step, but if you really believe that's going to change your living in a dream world. I don't know. It just kills me because I see what the hell are people doing to hurt each other. You know? That's an archafore, man. That's one of the biggest things wrong with America. Because they want to throw everybody's ass in jail. That's what it's all about. That's it. And, you know, some have to teach people I know that smoke low pot or go to a prostitute every now and then. These are some of the people that keep the society going with things taxes and doing, you know, they're not direct to society, trust me. You know what I mean? So, I don't know. And I'm going to keep my passport handy, and maybe I'll find a better life somewhere. Okay. Keep your cheeks closed real tight. That's what you're at. You're at a good weekend. Five six seven, five six. You know, you're the one at the immediately thought of that. I didn't even cross my mind. I'm back. But that's what he was going for. That was not what he was going for. He may be going for a little bit later on. It wasn't going for right now. Geez. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on a year. It's just a ridiculous. It's so outrageous. I mean, the fact that we have to have a discussion about that. As to what he wants the government coming in, then tell you what to do in your bedroom. What kind of people are we talking to all Americans? That's right. I forgot. People ought to be outraged. You ought to be pissed off and fired up. Of course, you can only imagine because they generally make examples out of minorities, like gays or blacks or whoever. But if they come any more busting in and turn out to be like a head or a say, like if it was Miguel and his girlfriend who haven't tied them up yet officially, you know, interbang in their brains out. Oh, you're not married. We're going to take your eyes off the jail. Because it's against the Florida economy. It's stupid. Stupid. Just like this business about what we can say on a radio all of you can't say that word. And we're going to crack down on the upset. It's just more fascism. There isn't a word that's ever been invented that we shouldn't be able to say on a year. Ever. That's a loot. Five six seven. Five. What am I going to work up a behind? Is this the day we're going to save the world from itself? You're like God. That's a loot. Strace all the years. You're going to go in and round. A second move is done. Doing something weird. The job I've been cutting my body is out. And try to bet that I bet your own version. Richard G. And wrote into me. This away from my picture. When your love like you still is lonely to suffer. Just head down to the pet shop for another. Another love. Come on and do it. Richard G. Welcome. Richard G. Richard G. Richard G. Richard G. Everyone knows the American Chabas. Everyone knows the American Chabas. I love the Chabas. Guys in a car crash at 1132 to a five 60 W to Q. One of the stores on our bedtime stories today. Gordon Barthos, alarmist Iraqi, high backfires in the Toronto star from yesterday. There is an interesting paragraph for two in here. Most Americans remain persuaded that the war in 8,000 Iraqi deaths were justified to topple an American-hating murderers' The nearly one American in two now believes Bush intentionally misled them about Saudi-to-nuclear biological chemical weapons. Bush's credibility would still be lower except that a sturdy core of invincibly ignorant people one American in three is convinced that these weapons already have been found. Get out. Did that a great photograph? And in a sturdy core of invincibly ignorant people one American in three. In other words, yeah. Nice going, Ergordon. Nice articley. Now this is for the poll. Why did you fact this to me? Why did you do that? Why did you waste the effort? Why did you waste my page of the paper here? For the poll, Hillary. It's a- Oh my god. Well, she's pretty hot. Yeah. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. 142 votes. It's starting to creep along a little bit. What celebrity with a marginal or weak face is still damn hot? Cameron Diaz 42, Julian Barberie 32, Jackie's Johnson 25, Sarah Jessica Parker 24, Dean Caine's got nine, James Wood 7, and Laurie Metcethri James Wood's hot. Oh, Oh, 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Your South Miami, hello. South Miami. Hello? Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. The broken clock is right twice a day, let's hear for the Supreme Court. Oh, yeah. That's always waiting for. Scalia, he has no idea what a contestant. Scalia has no idea. He has no idea. Every word that comes out of his mouth is derision. Right. He's got the temperament of a dictator. Oh, no, no, no, no. He's got the temperament of a Nazi. He's a little bit of a stepping Nazi. Isn't this thing on the Supreme Court? Oh, he does. It's confirmed what a moron Reagan was. Right. With each decision that he makes, and I understand it's popular, or lore that Clarence Thomas has never asked a question in court, or written in opinion. Right. All he's ever done is signed rank with opinion. Oh, he's done a smoke a big fat one. And go along with it. The most courageous example of the harms of affirmative action. It's so ironic that he was put in a favor. I'm not a Republican. Yeah. Completely incompetent. Why don't you play that really good song in honor of the, in honor of the decision? What's that one? That's very bad. That's not a bad idea. That's not a bad idea. Right after it came down. I'm interested. It's really hilarious. That's what I was waiting for. I think they're waiting for it. Well, if you're waiting for it, I might as well play it for it. Thank you. Have a great day, Palieu. Say good bye. Of the short title. I'm full of gay room. Very short. They wear gay sandwiches and they wear tight pants. On rents, top to bottom every day. Blessed with the miracle of being gay. The very best of nuggets in the USA. Giving big, big pleasure in a big big way. Oh, the very best of nuggets in the USA. Giving big, big pleasure in a big big way. Okay. Join the big swish to chest and field queen. New choice of the tags of America. And don't forget your gay. It's 1136 and 560 WCM. We got the man dog at 2. Doing a show out at Hooray's. What is that? And is a hooters at Darrell? Am I reading that guess? Am I reading that correct? That's what it says. Who does that to Rale? Man dog 2 to 4. The humper beyond 4 to 630 before the Marlin game. Marlins on deck at 630. Marlins at the Red Sox 705. No more girls teams for the Marlins to bowl over like they had last couple of weeks. Now they're playing at the Red Sox. Tom Jicka. For any k after the baseball game and ESPN radio overnight, that's our agenda. Little Tommy Jicka's going to be on. For any k. And I can give more kind of instructions. What to call and talk to Tommy. But will they do it? No, you won't do it. It's 560. 560. 560. 560. 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. How you doing Neil? Pretty good. Maddy. Come on. Here's a call from Boca. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I just found out that I'm going to be in the alone germany this fall. And I've never been and I know that it was one of your favorite cities. You won't believe it. I would just want to know if you recommend any hotels, places to see, restaurants, or anything else that you might like to do over there. They sell you excel. See your hotel. That's all I'm going to tell you. Restaurants you'll find all over the place. But when I'm just happening, they got him. They got him these days. They's empty, pal. Like I said, the excel. See your hotel and brother all kinds of good restaurants. Just eat a lot of those abroad worst man. Eat a couple for me. They they zapped and right off our phone line. Either that or maybe they just came in drag disaster. Let's see. Here's somebody faxes the floor to statute on. Sodomy. On natural and lascivious act of person who commits any unnatural and lascivious act of person. Uh, commits a misdemeanor and secondary punishable for a yadiyada. A mother's breastfeeding of her baby does not under any circumstance violate this section. So in other words, to make a long story short. Well, it goes on. Yes, says the history of section. So it's so which proscribes unnatural. The civilized act indicates that it's been applied to homosexual acts. Vestiality, digital sex and oral sex. Anything other than adult. Just like I said, anything other than adult male and female sexual intercourse. Oral sex. Anybody out there that's getting ahead, given head, thinking about it. Let's got ahead. Right. You're violating the law on Florida, which is why we had that guy for governor. He ain't got no head. And even though everything's going digital now, you can't do that either. Is he like the headless Norseman? Everything is going digital. See, there he goes again. Try to just like to guy that said something about what this open up and right away. George is thinking about. And you know what? You know, George is the ass man. You know, you've heard of the answer man. We got the ass man. Why would you immediately go there with your digits? I'm not going there with my digit. That's more you're thinking about. You're going to brought that up. Yeah, it's more you're talking about. Absolutely. More dingleberry. All the crap you can unwrap. All the slime all the time. That's what he's getting out of there. That's what I got. That was the word that came down. That's what he's digging out of his behind. All the crap you could unwrap. All the slime all the time. I got him all nice reading. I like where he says that was such a passion, you know. Maybe that's why I Greg sound up for another 15, 20, 30 years. I got him Greg. Just when you think Greg's got a little bit of common sense then. You realize where he must be talking about somebody else named Greg. That's the Greg we know and love. And our terrified of because every time he finally gets, you know, gets the ship back on course he takes that wheel and just gives it a good prank. And crank any ink. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. The rise of marvelous line. Get to feeling that there's like nobody in town, you know. Really. And you're town, not this one. We got five million people running around here. Get the film. There's nobody in South Florida is what I'm trying to say. You think I might be right. Absolutely correct. Because it's just it's like transfers even just to me sitting here in my chair. I can't just get the vibe. I mean, jikas is I don't have my finger on a pulse. I'm checking for one time. I can't find one. No pulse. That is a freaking door nail. 20 till noon a QA. I'm let me tell you again for the umteam time about a great product. You ought to be popping in your mouth today and every day. Older you might soft chills. I've been doing it for my blood pressure and it is stupid. Older you might soft chills contain the finest olive oil you've ever popped in your post. Not just ordinary olive oil but super concentrated. Low to health benefits for you. Older you might every day can up produce the risk of all kinds of nasty grotesque things that you want to avoid like heart disease and high cholesterol. And now there are 14 different oleomide formulas you can choose from each one. Combining the finest, the purest, the bestest is olive oil with vitamins. Minibals and herbal supports specific needs from your bones. Do your blood pressure to your immune system. You just pick out the formulas that you need. Right now they got three new oleomide formulas. Want to help you sleep? Want to help you control your weight and sell Q10 for your heart? Why you're out doing your shopping as we can pick up some oleomide and start making the regular thing of pop it in your post every day. Pick up oleomide at public's, records, well greens, whole food markets and a virus and onos are order it online if you like oleomideamerica.com. If you want more info, call your toll free number 1-866-Oleomide. That's 1-866-6536-3633. Don't forget for better health, start making the regular deal pop an oleomide in your post. I'm blind and local, we're sports radio 5-60s, you and 2 AM. It's placed. O, can I bless? Our home and me that's glad. O, high-possensy. Will mark you on your hand. But you know, when you close your eyes then she's by our side. You remain joyful to see. And so we go to the coding show. But no, by all seeing. Alright. Call me this way. Corry us, we're bringing. O, can I bless these breakfasts? O, may I bless these breakfasts? O, can I bless these breakfasts? O, to me. I think we're bringing venerable, I love it too soon. You know, too fast. Like an athlete. Like an athlete. You know, the start promoting them a little bit too fast. And all of a sudden, these over his head and he starts, you know, struggling. No, it counts like I asked before. I'm talking about putting that thing on to her about the, um, soliciting telephones solicitors. Putting it on the website tomorrow. And George's response is, oh, he has an appearance tomorrow at 11 o'clock in Bill's silence. So it wasn't an response to that. It was about the, um, the stories. That's what I just said. That's what I was just talking. Let me ask you something. Are you actually hearing what I'm saying now? Yeah, because I've never, since we've been doing this, I've never had a greater feeling of total disconnect than I have today. Is it total? Absolutely disconnect. I heard you. Hello, anybody there? Anybody there? It's not Florida. Hello. Anybody hear me? We hear you. That's what I just got through saying. I was talking about having and put that on. I never along with our bedtime stories tomorrow. And your response was, oh, he has. Don't forget he's got an appearance tomorrow. I want to make it a little forget. What is he going to start doing like your appearance? What is he going to be taking over treasure out? Well, that's right. He already does treasure out. Right? You're making him into a superstar. You're making him larger than life. Anybody wants to understand what I'm talking about. Take a look at our website that picture from yesterday of sleeping Jesus. Take a puke at that. It rotates in addition to which what really frost my asses. I can't find that damn Walmart's during on. That's your fault. We still have it. We're going to back to you. No, no. I got to hear my pile somewhere. But I went through my piles to find that other story from the Toronto star. About the one-third of Americans were a drummer then saw us, which isn't exactly the way you said it. But that's what he meant. And I can't find a god damn thing. I'll find it. Here's somewhere. Just relax. Five, six, seven, five, six. I just have a feeling today of total disconnect. Maybe it was when I read that astonishing, very jackass story this morning. Maybe that kind of like true me off. Absolutely correct. But how our fearless leader is renegotiating with more Howard David, extended contract. I mean, these are the same people that have been praying, praying to find some way to get his old crusty ass out the door. Of course, if we got a Zanzatador who'd pick it for him. Supreme Court just passed on another great ruling. They said it's legal to pick your ass, but not to the else's. Good. Right. Okay, to pick your own ass, but nobody else is. Absolutely. Long as a little hetero ass pick. Here's a call from Chicago. This is always dangerous. Here's Chicago. Hello. Yes, sir. Here you are. About the only thing on the radio breath. Listen up here. I can tell you that. I wish I wasn't on the radio up there. I'm a former, a resident and I can tell you there's nothing there. We're at the hangin' on to a stuff for your show. I got one for you, Paul. Okay. Thank you. Did he more? Did he more? She looks pretty darn good in that new movie. The Charlie Zandl. Yeah. And I don't know. She's got to be the 40-41 right now, but I would definitely put her up there. Okay. Thanks a lot, Paul. Have a great time. Okay. Take a. See if one of those places is going to have that big thick up. I can't ever think of the names of those places in Chicago. Big thick white. The pizza. You know what I'm talking about? There's Chicago style on pizza. No one's going to Chicago. There's Chicago. We've got their own style of everything. Chicago style hot dogs with a real bright green relish the extra, you know, and the onions and peckers and peppers. And then they got Chicago style pizza. It's got the Chicago style. It's got like a, you know, a flavor. So I can fill it with a steak tea sandwich. Even though we hate fill it like poison. But they got the cheese steak. Florida, what do we got? We got that. Maybe I know cheese is what we got. Why are there isn't maybe an orchews? Come on. We can do a little bit better than that. Can't we? Come on. You know, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. That's why you ate a whole tray of them. Whatever richie from boards had brings them in. Did you mention richie from boards? No. Like I said, being a boy is going to be doing Georgia. So he's going to be taking over the show next after next week. You know, you're not telling me because you're covering up for him. But he's definitely in the coma again today. He's right there. Now he's in a coma. He's never, ever been this quiet since since the day he said his ass on his chair. He has never been this quiet. He's either he's swallowed the cat. That's my fault, too. What do you mean by that? I told him to shut up and do his work. For loony. I don't want him to shut up. He's a hell of a lot more entertaining than you are. Jesus Christ, George. Anybody knows that, including you. Peanut boy. Don't listen to him, okay? Don't listen to him. Okay. You want me to send a net check for that computer? I just got you. I don't care. Don't you know, he's already got his pewter. I guess one. Guess one. That could change real quick. That could change real quick. He don't care. Well, I heard that, too. And I wonder we had this disconnect. Great. We got the little punk who's sitting there with a new $1300 laptop that I'm the one that's going to want to pay for it. He don't give a crap. And then we got George. It's sitting there now playing director. He's new musical director. God. Okay. Get to me, more runner. Can you handle that peanut boy? Yes, sir. Shut up. 100 95 votes. What celebrity with a marginal or weak face? See, we've got a reward. No, we don't tell Eric to reward that because we don't mean the hottest is the hottest of them. That's what's confusing them. It's still hot. Not the hottest because we already done that hottest polimid in times. Of course, you can tell who's the hottest by sticking a finger or taking their temperature. You know what I mean? Oh, digitally. Black thumb. Cameron Dias 59. Julian Barbary 42. Do you know that stuff went back to that that colonoscopy place six times this week? No, he was begging them to keep taking his temperature. You know, they do have digital thermometers now. Bill. Julian Barbary 42. Jackie Johnson 39. Sarah. Oh, Sarah. See, look at how cute Eric's getting. Now, he wrote on there. Sarah could Jessica Parker 33. What a jackass you are, Eric. James Woods 10. James Woods 10. That's got to be the crank vote, isn't it? Yeah. He's got to be. He's about as hot as a block ice. Being K9, Laurie Metcalf 3, and we got Robert Redford polimid Sean Conner. We don't have any. He's a whoever was just putting up there. Who is it? To me more. Hmm. Five, six, seven. You better not start playing bushballs too much. I totally just keep them on a short leash, but don't like don't intimidate him. The point where you like make him useless. Why? I hope I didn't overcorrect. You're overcorrect. And now he's in a coma. Oh, he's also trying to take care of business. Oh, yeah, right. No, they still won't give him his car. And why is that? Because highly a police day hate him. Well, how can they hang under it? I was in the pressure that I went over there, signed all the papers. I was in the pressure that they, that my car had already been released to the, to the body shops. Right. Well, no, I find out that no, that it wasn't good enough. I have to be there on the day at the moment at the second that the other total company comes to pick up the car or then I can release it. Or I've got to sign some authorization that they didn't tell me anything about. Boy, you sure continue having problems, you know what? I think I think of my life I just gone on a crap or like yours. I probably just considered. Washington, the light was fully loaded chamber. Don't. I already had to wrestle with gun away from him once. Did you? Was it the same on that OJ head? Five, six, seven. In fact, instead of having George Ravi, you're about how about AC. Okay, he's good at that stuff. He's got a lot of experience. By the way, OJ, we hate you like poison. I haven't had any news stories about OJ lately. Come on. Go on and kill somebody on a golf course. We're getting tired of all this big lull, not anything going on down there. So maybe Jose can suck a little bit of steroids and it's boring. What's up in big and exciting like OJ? Yeah. Here's a call from Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Pretty good. Alright. Love you, show. Listen, I got some for your pull. Okay. You're getting killed with him, but I think she's so happy. So feel confident. I'm not kidding. No, not kidding. I think she's gorgeous. Do you really? I'm not kidding. You're looking at the three, I know. I read about big snows you'd like to be kidding. Hey, exactly. Nicole, give me that movie. What was the other one? She went to Academy of Work for. I thought she looked better with the big nose. Okay. Hey, I got a guy for you too, Michael Steight. Michael Steight? Are you? Michael Steight? Is there a lot? Is there a lot? It's a great day pal. Okay. Get some help. Michael Steight. Are we putting in either of those other? Uh, it's a few of the copal. I just am using him. Okay. Got it. That'll be our comedy vote. Michael Steight is about as high as the Arctic Circle. Love their music though. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. This guy, he's seen his first time calling. He wants to be a comedian like everybody else who calls. It's not sufficient to have something to say. We're going to be a comedian. We're going to show you a figurative. And especially now that we got for well on the year, who's a real hoot. Now that we got him, you think we had amateur comedians before. You ain't seen nothing yet sweetheart. Just wait. Trust me what I'd tell you. We're going to have amateur comedians coming out of our ass pretty soon. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Count five, 60. You're right. I should listen. You shouldn't change the pool. We could still do it. This pool just isn't sufficient to keep up their all weekend long. Is it? Well, it's okay. It is. Yeah. I like it. And then I like Eric immediately changed the wording on that boy. We outside it. The pressure on him is so enormous. With the words had even crossed my lips yet, he was already changing the wording on that pool. What celebrity with a marginal or weak face is still hot underlined? Eric, I'm telling you, on top of it so much. Maybe somebody's feeling in for Eric up there. You think? No. And possibly be him. He got those pictures up there really fast yesterday. Like I said, everything he does is whole life is geared toward one thing that's to make Beener Boy look bad. My life and love this is for sure you'll find 60. You're way too way. Just stay Goldstein. But you can call me down. Whenever I'm in town, I listen to. Wait a minute, I am in town. It's the 12th of one hour. Dad! Hi! I'm Sophia Coppola. When I'm not acting, which is most of the time, I like to cruise around with my famous father. Take a left, so pretty. Yes, Daddy. And I'm really learning to take direction well too. Take a right, so pretty. Yes, Daddy. And now I'm even doing car. I'm even doing car. Commercials. Commercials. Oh, Daddy. What do you think this is? Anyway. Get the next. Five. These old folks feel so down. So big. These old folks. These old folks. They're stupid. And so. I don't see Sophie on the list yet, or do me more. But again, I'm just nitpicking. You know what I'm saying? 12.1 at 5.60. Welcome. Here's the story that I was searching for desperately. Walmart war is from the San Francisco Chronicle. Would you like a Walmart Super Center store to move into your community? Think of the low prices and convenience of one. Stop shopping. He's just park once and get whatever you need. Groceries, drugs, plants, toys, dog food, even eyeglasses. Sounds great, doesn't it? So why have nearly 200 communities refused to allow such big box stores to under their lives than they know something we don't? To find out I embedded myself in the Walmart wars that have recently broken out in Comic-Graf. Contra-Custom County. What I learned in the nutshell is that Walmart's non-union big box stores dragged down other workers salaries. Destroyed downtown business. Provence Mark growth development increased traffic congestion. What really surprised me though is that we'd the taxpayers end up subsidizing Walmart stores by paying for the health and retirement needs of its workers. Walmart has announced it is intention to open 40 new Super Center stores each decides of four football fields in such fast growing California suburbinarias as Comfort-Custom County. But Comfort-Custom County is spot back. A year ago, they prevented a traditional Walmart stir-frying spanning into a Super Center that could sell groceries on June 3, the county board of supervisors voted to ban such Super Service Centers for Montenegro Party theories of the county. And making its decision, the board set it a study done by the San Diego County Tax Pierce Association and nonprofit non-partisan organization. It found that an influx of big box stores in the San Diego would result in an annual decline in wages and benefits between $125 and $201 million in increase of $9 million in public health cost. And the story goes on the center website, Walmart Wars. One of the many reasons that anybody with a brain, we all hate Walmart. Especially George. Yeah. 560, 50560, pound-560 on a AT&T Verizon Wireless Line. Don't forget, George and Miguel, after the show today 3-5-4-log and it'll hardly. Be no boy would be happy to be there, but he's got to get his car out. Right. Fort-log and it'll hardly on federal highway just how the Oakland Park Boulevard stop out of when our very, very low budget embarrassing, QAM prices and enjoy a free food from the Latin city subs where I were a good close personal buddy, most of the difference and Scott is long gone. And we're pretty, I'm choked up about it. You hear that? I heard it. Hmm. And there's one of the best things to happen in recent years, because we don't have to be burdened by that butt sucker anymore. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good. Perfect timing. I just finished my blimpy sandwich. Okay. But listen, I had to ask you about on the website here. I wanted to download some of the bedtimes or not download the print. I'm going on the location. I wanted to take some of the read with me on the plane. But I just seen here that my question was not relevant because I can click on and get the individual stories because last night my printer was working overtime. It printed everything on the bedtime story. So I've all, the bedtime story. Oh, right. Excellent. But listen, I have to ask the charge. It's great with the Supreme Court. It's fine only after getting beaten up for the past two years. Something goes good in our direction. But it's a great day when it's a pre-court. Decides the pull, the constitution, the bill right. You know, for now, anyway. Well, listen, don't hold your breath. I'd expect it to happen again anytime soon. I know. I have a nobody for your pull. Okay. Scott Bayo. He's got a bad face. Well, yeah. Probably by now he does. Yeah, I would think so. All right. Probably about 60 by now. Okay, pal. Have a great time. See you. Scott Bayo. Okay. Will he aim and Scott? Shins over. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. Why do you make up stories like that? That's ridiculous. Okay. Although I notice I haven't seen either one of them in a very, very long time. Maybe they're. Remember that show Charles on top? Here's Jane and Ford laundry. I thought Jane had abandoned those. She hasn't affects me in a long time. Not that I'm complaining Jane. Oh, she says I love the bedtime stories, but I realize yours is an entertainment show. And you can't change the word. That's right, Jane. Oh, thank God for Jane. I'd like that bitch to call me a couple of days ago. That was bitching me out for being like a juvenile and adolescent. And you know, like I said, we put all that information right there on our website. Okay. If you're really interested in finding out what's going on in the world, you work feverishly for hours and hours to find a stuff that we think you want to know that you won't just read your ordinary daily fish wrappers. Okay. But that bitch, that wasn't good enough for her. I have to sit here and read to her like some kind of a quizling, which he probably is. Anyway, Jane says I'll faithfully listen to you as long as you're on because of your stand on the war in Iraq. Well, the Supreme Court wording is the best news and ages along with Herman's passing. You think when you heard the courts are that's what I said just a little while ago, Jane. Listen carefully. Here are some articles that thought you might be interested in. I strongly recommend looking to a website called blackcommentator.com. They have a great article about how Americans live in a bubble where the outside world is seen as inferior. I was looking at your website all those young people who are dying in Iraq for bushes and fishing. And it really made me sick. The war's no more than what bush is. We're looking at a quagmires as Jane. Then she says, they're a poor. Now did you write this on here? This is great. She writes, there are four pages after this. And then I see George is written not underneath that. Oh my god, I miss you all. Jane cut the crap. Okay, sweetheart. I know your intentions are good. She's another one. She's tried to change the show. Okay. I'm not saving a world on this show. Okay. Have you heard the calls? I'm not going to save the world on some stupid ass talk show. I need to read you. Jane's just calm down. I'm doing the best I can. And all this fuss and fear. I mean, yeah, it was a nice victory for a change. Especially with as much an Nazis we have on here. But it's so basic. It's so basic in a public and America's been so brainwashed and believing that the government actually ever had a right to tell you what you can be doing in your bedroom. Who's naughty and nice? Who's sticking what where? Can you scratch your left ear or your right ear? And what is that amendment coming out? You can scratch your rear. Moe wants to know. You can scratch him, but don't pick it. He's going to be testifying. Yeah, I'm sure he's the voice of experience. I'm so lootin' no question about it. Good. Got all mighty. I sure hope that Moe gets a lot of free meals the next few months because if they're going to extend his contract, he's got to build up a real supply and air for next couple of years. So we don't run out. Maybe you'll be hanging out with your seed and feed store. Here's what it says. Cameron D. hasn't to me more have weak or marginal faces. Question mark. What I look is everyone blind. They're both gorgeous. How about these two Ellen Barkin and Leo Remedy from King of Queens? We got him. You got him down? Ellen's gone. I mean we were just pretending more on the list because we'd like to have a third man. I hope bunch, but we're not, I don't know. I thought there were a whole bunch of people on her. I could have mentioned more, but what's the point? And of course, there probably are some people after they think, Oh, if you don't have a beautiful face, how can you be hot? I tend to agree with that. I am a face person. I like good face. Yeah. It's the most important part. Well, that's an interesting point to me. It is. But if you have a good face on a really horrible body, I, you know, I just, right, but if you had a chance, and if you have a horrible, if you have a horrible face on a great body, I still know I can't do it. I can't get past the face. No, if it's a, but if it's like a marginal kind of pedestrian face on a great body, then okay. Now let's see what you got, you know? Let's take a peek at it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60. I'm serious. Maybe it's just me. Okay. Maybe my mind is like trailing off into those days, not too far ahead when I only do work in those two days a week in the dog days in July and August. That's a possibility, but I don't think so. Because my mind has been on that for quite a while now. There's just some kind of a disconnect going on today. Like, like, maybe it was, maybe this is the official weekend where the last desk brought, I was finally bailed out, you know? Right? So I think what we ought to do between now and two is give away some Marlon Ticket. Here you go, Dave. How many you want? Hey, Annie. You want some Marlon Tickets? Poor Scott. You know what I mean when you reduce to give away Marlon Ticket's like that? Check it out. Yeah. He's Lauren Fasto. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, I'm on. Here. Yes. I was talking about the most dangerous man in the world, George Bush. Yes? Why the old, we've taken on the little guy. So how many more unemployed people did he make today by not allowing the $45 dollar now to tell the marketers to do their job? You mean you're on a happy day? I'm not a, I am not a telemarketer, but you know what? I have a color idea. I don't answer my calls. I've got the millions of millions of dollars that are generated by this. And all the unemployed people that he's, that he's. I say, I say screw the telemarker to sound with the president on this one. I call him, W. I mean, you know, it's like with anything else. If you throw enough crap up any or sooner or later, we'll figure out something. W. And this is what I agree with a month. I mean, oh, he has color ID. Well, we'll be doing. I don't want the guy damn phone ring in 50, 60, 80, 100 times a day with some Jackass. I realize everybody's got to make a living. McLaughlin do some honest thing. Okay. Right. I don't want to be bothered. They don't want to be disturbed in the privacy of my home. Any more than you'd want to have those guy damn jahobas witness is pounding your door down. Jesus is the way. And all this other crap. I want to watch tower and all this other ballooning go. Petty or oh, you should see the getch keys. They got on the street corners here, man. Oh, they make the ones in the European and when significance. Really. And every one of them is like a freak. You know, they got like run eye where they're left the iris supposed to be. And there knows is where their ass was. Like a man Joe Boy. Freaky. Banzo Boy is a class act compared to these people. Okay. Banzo Boy be embarrassed. He wouldn't even socialize with these people. They're on street corners. Jesus is the answer. Here in their head and out these pamphlets all these getch keys. Give me a freaking break already. Okay. Save us from God damn religion. My life and law. This is for 205. City. You ain't too, man. Lord, even loves New Rogers. Why? Delgar. Delgar. I thought Christianity was very del. Absolutely. This religious thing was not for me. No. They held a big convention. And let the import freeze. But I can just imagine. I know I feel what I was about to see. All right. They were speaking in tongues. That they'd be a believer. Where, where, where, where, where. It was kind of fun. What, what, what, what. What, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what I come to the feet, but for whatever I do, it will forgive me. Oh, now I speak in tongues. That makes me a very, very, very much, kind of happens for me. Playin' round with time out. Now I speak in tongues. I speak in tongues. I speak in tongues. I speak in tongues. I speak in tongues. I speak in tongues. I speak in tongues. I speak in tongues. I speak in tongues. I speak in tongues. I speak in tongues. I speak in tongues. I speak in tongues. I speak in tongues. I speak in tongues. I speak in tongues. I speak in tongues. I speak in tongues. I speak in tongues. I speak in tongues. I speak in tongues. I speak in tongues. I speak in tongues. I speak in tongues. I speak in tongues. I speak in tongues. I speak in tongues. I speak in tongues. I speak in tongues. I speak in tongues. I speak in tongues. Now, did I miss you? I don't know. Is the written law more religious? They are the crazier they are.. Absolute declarações. So when somebody starts talkin' you with the bunch of God this and Jesus says, Run like a sort of a tequila pollies. Call the God egg swan. Call anybody. Oh here's a good story. Kentucky priest convicted of sexually abusing two young brothers. A Roman Catholic priest was F shrinking yesterday a molesting two young brothers from a family he had been offended. The Reverend Daniel Clark, shepherd's will Kentucky, the Reverend Daniel Clark convicted on two cons assessual abuse, had pleaded guilty in the summer case 15 years earlier, but was allowed to remain a priest. Are you following that sentence there? Got it. He was completely guilty 15 years earlier, but allowed to remain a priest. The jury yesterday recommended the maximum of five years in prison on each count to be served consecutively, not simultaneously, but one aside by each one after the other. This defendant, more so than any other needs to be in prison prosecutor Michael Mann, he said the 55 year old Clark had a chance to change and he didn't do it. The victims now 12 and 13 testified they were abused by Clark and their home and on outings with the priest. Prosecutor said the monostations are placed over a four year period in the gig in 2002. See the homophobes out there always say, oh no, it's the, it's the phagene church. They're just the overwhelming majority of these are adolescent boys. It's just teenage boys bull crap. How many of these stories have we done over the last couple of years? About 500? Right. Even though we know. There's no fact in the church. We know that. And we also know that like 98, maybe 100% of priests are all much of fags. We know that. But the idea that it's mostly adolescent, mostly 15 and 16 and 17 year old is bull crap. Most of the stories we have is early as six and seven years old. Anyway, prosecutors said the monostation took place over a four year period in the gig in 2000 to ending in 2002. Most of his in practice for her net means that kids were eight and nine when he started having his way. If you want to see a movie that'll make you a pukier guts out, the boys has same Vincent it was on the IFC and then kind of film channel there than I. Yeah. It's about a Canadian orphanage in Newfoundland 1975, where the brothers were molesting all the kids and then finally a janitor. Thank god for the janitor. He finally scored the beans to the cops. And they came in and they replaced under enormous pressure, replaced some of these pedophile priests. And what do they do? They replaced them with another bunch and I got to watch part two, which I tape last night. You ever seen it, poisons and those who are going to look for it though. And like you're so angry, you want to put your fist through the screen, just want to spit blood. That anyway, the boys mother had known the priests in childhood. Clark was a regular visitor to the home. We also helped the family financially, including making payments on their trailer and buying food and toys. Clark denied molesting the boys is a attorney told the jury accusations coincide over the financial crisis in the boys family. The family settled over the church's part of a 25.7 million dollar agreement between the Louisville Arts Dysus and early 250 plaintiffs. In 1988 Clark pleaded guilty to Saudi conspire for molesting two boys that a church in Louisville, he served 90 days in jail in five years probation. Archbishop Thomas Kelly, we work Clark from Public Ministry after that. Church officials talk with Clark twice about leaving the priesthood, but Clark refused. He was named and more than a dozen of the early 250 lawsuits, probably against the arts dices in the past year. Also, almost missed this. Also yes, today a priest in Ohio was sentenced to three years probation for promoting prostitutes worldwide he met in a bar. The Reverend Daniel McBride 76, who pleaded guilty of the charge of a Stalservator for 10 years as a sex offender. Let's hear it. For all those good, child-musting priests, let's hear it. Really, try. They tried everything, they know all of them. There was a bad story. He pressing. Yeah. Supreme Court strikes down law that revives old-sex crime prosecutions, the church is salivating at this one. The Supreme Court ruled yesterday that government cannot retroactively erase statutes of limitations at a feet for prosecutors trying to pursue pre-secute of lungo-sex abuse on a five to four vote. The justice is struck down a California-blooded lab prosecutions for old-sex crimes which challenged by a 72-year-old man accused of molesting his daughters when they were little children. The case was closely watched because of sex abuse problems at a Roman Catholic church, but it also has implications for terrorism and other crimes. Just as Stephen Breyer who makes a hell of a great ice cream, writing for the courts had the Constitution bar states from revising already expired legal deadlines, lobby God damned. How do you like that? What was the name of that show again? That movie. The voice is St. Vincent. And if you can't find it, it's not on the DVD, but you'll find it on video tape. If you want to go on like amazon.com or one of those, or just do a search for Boisessin Vincent. You, it's all over the place on VHS. I'm going to show it on IFC here. How about your pardon? I'm going to see if they will show it on IFC the American. Because your schedule, the American schedule IFC and ours up here is different, but for that movie, we'll just make you furious. Just make you want to scream. All these assholes in the Nile. These are just a few isolated incidents. And most of the priests are good. Godfaring, full crap. Okay, they're much of perverts. There are a bunch of pedophiles and out of control, chicken hawks, fags. Don't give me a song to dance about the goddamn priest. Okay, I've known a few priests in my life. Every goddamn last one of them was a pervert. Did you know them, Piblically? No, I did not. Thank God. I mean, you, you told me a guy to walk around wearing a dress every day and I'll show you a real prevert, okay? And these are the people that you go in there and you're sitting a confessional. Oh, father, I touched myself yesterday. And I did this and I stuck my finger in my anus and I picked seed. Well, I have to thank you for moving in Catholic. Uh-huh. Can you imagine? Oh, man. Wow. Here's a couple more for the appell thank God. Now only Campbell, dog face, bod from God. That's what we're looking for. You got it? Got it. Burning Mac. Is that like Freddie Mac? Fit guy, great dresser, gruesome face. I don't have any idea who that is. Got his own show. Freddie Mac. Yeah. Black comedian, one of the original kings of comedy, Bernie and Max. He's hot. That's what they think. Okay, put it on there. Just for a food. Jada Pinkett Smith. Who the hell is that? Wilsonett's wife. Oh, no. You spoiled my weekend right now. I'm leaving. You are. You're making Wilsonett Smith. Oh, he just, July 18th. What? Nothing, just July 18th. I'm so sorry. You can't say that the MPV is going to be the one. Oh, yeah, that was supposed to be funny. Oh, LL Cool J. Oh, this must be from some smart, oh, a couple of dark ones it says. I see. I guess it's enough dark ones for one day. Love you now. LL Cool J. Let's put some smart shoes on here. What do you say? Don't be blaming the dark folks for that. Then she was very light-complexed anyway. That bitch in Texas that had the gun on windshield. She was like almost white. So don't be starting to pick on our dark friends just because the fact she happened to be a smart. Okay. I was just kind of taking a back because I never seen that bitch be. I don't care what color she was or what shade. I say, let's turn her into a landscape. Okay. Oh, my goodness. That's just, and then she's still in denial. She still has how she thinks the verdict was wrong. We never did get around to the ascensing. That's still going on. I don't know the actual. Oh, look at this guy. Gasful blockbuster. He just missed the spot. Gasful blockbuster. Oh, yeah, he's gonna be a good guy. He's gonna be a good guy. He's gonna be a good guy. He's gonna be a good guy. He's gonna be a good guy. He's gonna be a good guy. So you're gonna see the guy. You think a thing? No, so this is the one thing. I mean, they grab these. That's what it's exactly. What you were watching. Oh, my God. For some reason, it was in Spanish. Maybe we caught the second part of the offer when they'd say it in English, then in Spanish. I see. Well, guess what? Who can play your game? Uh-oh. Oh, it's the end of the hour, Damon. It's right news from Italy. Come on, speak to us, please. The paradise smells weird. It's going to be an amazing thing. There's been a lot of guns inside my eyes. I left. They've been up here. So, no, I didn't get a clue. Come at me. So, now, we're off to this position. You know, I said that this must be as far from us. The paradise muscle, I am. So, I couldn't find that movie on IFC. But they aren't going the way of the gun this month. Oh, well, that's good. But you gotta see the boys this invins the, unless. I can't find it. Well, just do a search on it. You'll find the tape. I'm sure it's like about, you know, cheapest all hell. Even you can afford it, okay? Probably about eight bucks. Yeah, you can handle it. Not to like it that check. Oh, I'm not so sure I'm going to send you the check after you turn Beiner boy into a, the call Mr. Coleman man. He hasn't said 10 words today. It's been really busy. Do one what? Trying to get his car out of the impact. Ah, ah, see, here we go. He's been busy trying to get his car out of the highly appolished. How do they grow? He's always got a whole bunch of other stuff this week. Let's wrap up. All of the extraneous stuff has nothing to do with tend to to WWQM. This is what I'm starting to be very concerned about, okay? Is people who like during the hours that they're supposed to be working They're on the time clock. The clock is ticking. That's what Clarence said. A kid that's getting paid heavy. Heavy duty bucks. And he's sitting there. He's got this problem. He's got that problem. He's a dog just peed on a floor and he has the involved one yet. You know, all of this other crap. He, he don't. It's crotch. Yeah, that's always a good excuse. That's what most said, too. He said it was his dogs fault. He had a lot of stuff up his. That's how he's five, sixy. Three years old. You're, you're, you're, you're. You ain't. Oh, the crap you could unwrap all the slime all the time. And no, here's Kamakalali. The former I Rocky Minister of Information. With today's health update. Good news. There is no such thing as SARS. You're cowardly American impidels. Have nothing to fear. That's why leading health experts encourage all Americans to fly to Beijing China and literally door knobs of the restrooms at the local walking clinics. Also, a new study show that smoking cigarettes is good for you. So, smoke a, if you're God on America. With today's health update, I'm more Hamid Saeed Al-Saha. May God roast your stomachs in hell. Stay tuned to this station for more updates from our Raks Minister of Information. Have you seen him on Abu Dhabi TV? Yeah, his, his, his, there's a white and bagged ad bob. He's a panic. He's a hoop. I say, let's replace Moe with him. Oh, I've been a great lead in for a for a for a well. I'd listen to that. I hope that Le Pranjeeves dies in a car crash. Yeah, stuff like that. For a, let's see, five hours. Here's the fact that this is how about Mimi Rogers is in massage. Do you see that screaming Mimi Rogers? I think sometimes she screens, but it all depends. Attractive face, not spectacular, but blelubious body, and she's like middle age. I think Mimi Rogers should be, see, I might as well stop reading these because I noticed that the elist because he's really busy now. He's busy with his car problems. What? He said it all up. Oh, no, we had, there's a, there's been about a whole bunch. About 30 man. About a 10 is here. I'm watching it. How big are you, Pern? It's all been set up. Let's stay. I said, in other words, you're blaming it on the Eric now is that what you're doing. Lean on Eric's face. I've never do anything like that. Yeah, you're starting up with him again. Just because he did a good job and change the wording on a pull question today. Now you start to pick on fat Eric up there in Orlando again. I'll never. I'll never stay in. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. Oh, speaking of what I was only moments ago. I don't want to get off on it. We're legit again because the audience don't want to hear it. Because they came here to the truth. They've been very, very effectively brainwashed. Nice job of brainwashing on your religious sub-bathards out there. I like it. I want to hear it. You will. And Irish Roman Catholic Dicees, Mired in scandal over pedophile priest in Dublin. Yesterday imposed a virtual ban on cleric holding private meetings with young people. The Dicees of Furns, south of Dublin, whose former Bishop Brendan Kamiski was forced to resign last year over child abusing priest. It should have policies dim and effectively telling priest they should never meet children alone. The ban is believed to be the first of its kind in Ireland, which along with the United States and several other European countries has been rocked by revelations of widespread abuse of children by priest. Why'd spread abuse? It's a fact in the church. Past on the street of a child slash young person should only take place in a publicly accessible place as the code of conduct issued by the Dicees. It says the door should always be left open during such meetings and adds that casual visits by children and young people to their homes at church volunteers priest or youth workers are to be avoided. In addition, it says clergy and church personnel should not take pictures of children and young people while they're in changing areas, for example a locker room or bathing facility. No, you'll notice if you do get poisons same vids of that. One of the things one of his pastimes was standing watching all little kids taking showers. Yeah, I'm serious. It'll make you maybe wrong. It'll just make you furious. Bishop Enen Wall should take over from Kamiski as Bishop Affirm described the measure they positive move. The bottom line is it's a good healthy church environment. It's a good experience for young people. He told state run RTE radio. The church in Ireland is in a state of crisis over all occasions that priestly sex abuse of young boys went on unchecked for decades. I just went to these things in passing. Okay, even though we've been talking about him for years on his program and they give like a little lick in his spear. Okay, it's all done. Five done like Mickey would say. Five done. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon line. What's the liberty with a margin or a week face is still hot. Now we finally phrase that right. Two hundred ninety three votes. Lane response for a lane pole. Sorry. They can't all be great. Cameron Diaz. 82. Jackie Johnson 55. But at monkey face. Julian Barbury 50 Jessica Sarah Jessica Parker. I'm just leaving the Sarah off Sarah Jessica Parker 46. Did me more twenty one. Dean Kain 11. Anybody else see that movie? No, no, Alibay. It wasn't bad. You know, two hours spare time sometime. A little under two hours. It's worth it. It's not in the same category. Some of the other movies we've been talking about. But it's okay. James Woods 11. That's ridiculous. Sean Connery eight. Sean Connery. Sean Connery. Laurie Medkaff for Paul Newman three. Robert Redford once. So if you're couple one and under the other ones of that list. There's Zidians and Zidians. We had there have gone on. Yeah. Spoke the air. It'll be up any second. Oh, look. You guys just relax. I don't want to see you guys going in the weekend. It's a holiday coming up. I don't want to see you. Eddie said there's strokes again. We've everybody's happy or at least relatively speaking. You will get your car back. What are these days? Maybe. Eddie. You get that straight now or not. Not yet. What do you mean not yet? Well, I'm hoping. Hope you have a stream that today. Are you going to go there and pick up the car or not? Yes. Yes. What a clock. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Here's for lottery. Hello. Here's for lottery. Hello. Yes, sir. Most sucks. And you blow. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. How are you today, sir? I'm doing great so far. You need to have a lot of fun. I'll take that for a little bit. Hello. Hello. Yeah, me a listen you gotta think you're not over waste you just a little too short. Yeah, okay I'm a fat club man. I'm a fat club. I got an ugly for you. How much Sarah burn her? You don't see much of her but did you the only thing andra? Shangra burn hard not Sarah. Oh Sandra burn hard. Shangra. Oh Okay, that's the one. Okay, we got her. What if you won't be turd as calls? Shangra burn hard. Yeah, he keeps calling for Sarah. Everybody doesn't write these down as he hears them because Carlos is going I beg your pardon. He went to go get his cars father came to give him a ride to go get his car out of the mound He has to get it by two or they'll keep it forever. I see. Well, that's okay It would have been nice if somebody would have told me that cause I just did things Well, what did he leave about a half hour ago two minutes ago? Okay, have a good time Carlos get that car And this is that today we draw the line in the sand okay. I want to start playing a bunch of balls But this kid he has to start turning his life around you know I'm saying no, what do you say now? He's got that new expensive laptop computer and now that he's got you like pimping form and he's got his own personal appearances and stuff And he's got his own personal on our website Miguel has got no end of grief because of that misinterpretation about the appearances He's subbing form Miguel which means he's the promotions person on the appearance that he has to be at all these producers are calling up saying You're Carlos is doing appearances. I want to do appearances Well, what do you mean all these producers are calling up saying that to the whole of the game? Every last one of them. I don't know. I'm calling up who I'm quoting Miguel He said all these producers are calling me up wanting to do appearances because I think Carlos is being featured at appearances now I got news for him. Mr. Dodo's producers ain't no beaner boy First there was the game's go go die Hey everybody look at me Now there's a new diet that guarantees you'll lose one pound or more in nine years or less Or your money back it's the house art and strike diet Where the old works your thoughts to do is look for something to be busy you all real bad If you get angry see Death y'all feet and holy chicken eggs in your mouth my good I love you You So try the new out sharp and strike diet and with every pound you lose How old personally resize your reach one out to a five sixty wm happy Friday too We hope you have a wonderful weekend a safe and happy July for how lucky which is come up not that distant right happy candidate Tuesday July first is Canada day See the is a pride day here to be gay pride march everybody's got something for me. I mean everybody's got a little something Now this story in the Naples daily news we somehow missed and it just breaks my heart because it's a classic example of a Merchett work For you to about the Gulf of Mexico who cares about the breathtaking sunsets never mind the romantic lure of the Naples pierce something's sour as put Naples Florida on the map This is from June 21 which is like almost a week a week go tomorrow Media from all over the US has swarmed to now famous Abigail Wardine a brown-haired six-year-old who just lost two front baby teeth Naples bust Naples police busted Abigail on June 13 for selling lemonade without a city permit The story filtered through the news wires and quickly became a topic on CNN MSNBC and Fox Fascist news networks as well as the donation when inside edition and it's got a picture of little Abigail Who looks suspicious me by the way very much like Sabrina look when she was that age. Yeah, seriously, she could be a vendor twin sister real cute I didn't know you hung it out Naples Anyway, all the mother gets around it's got a picture for on a phone answering questions from interview. Is it really cute? Anyways, his rush limba was talking about it more than 60 radio stations across the country have called Abigail's mom Casey Shaw Last Friday with you today. She talked with producers from the late-show with David Letterman and to the night show with the umptus J. Leno I mean, this is a true story It was only nine days ago that Abigail was known to pass his buys the cuker who sells plastic cups eliminate for a 50 cent in front of her old Naples house Today's he's known as the Naples lemonade grail who has the whole country rooting for her and ran fishes little lemonade stand It turns out not so many folks knew somebody to city permit to operate lemonade stand even Naples may or Bonnie McKenzie bought lemonade from the small setup before Abigail was forced to close it I've been a customer of her's more than once McKenzie said that means I've aided and abetted. You know what? I'm not one bit sorry. It's good lemonade On June 13, Naples police responded away from playing from an anonymous neighbor who grumbled about the permitless lemonade stand on the corner of six street in 11th Avenue South Although the Naples police officer answered because was only doing his job. He felt so bad. He bought a couple lemonade City officials shook their heads in shame, so they weighed the permit fee which was 35 bucks after a temporary shutdown the city allowed the business on the perimeter reopen Aphagia will lug the white plastic table and two gallons of first lemonade to the edge of the driveway at the whatever the day last week At 6 13 11th Avenue Southboro table is usually crowded with construction workers land skaters and beachgoers Would dry throw it's and sweaty clothes phone calls from media strangers and old friends afloat of the show house Which the family might leave sometimes to appear on national light night talk shows in LA in New York Oh god Is this incredible or what it's credible? She was selling lemonade without a permit Fry her ass But this bitch in Texas that's another story What about him what was he doing? Shontay Mallard what's a mallard is a mallard a bird a duck duck Once you when she ran to go over she forgot to yell duck and tell the jury what kind of great you have She had one drank a gin Yes Is there any discussion Let me ask for this you smoke any marijuana that these ask you know, sorry, didn't it? Was there any discussion Had these house about taking any other type of drugs? Yes, see it and for me that she got it's fuel from town I say you're gonna leave You'll meet with this microphone around the house It's part of your See it and for me to see it got it expil from town in expil And as she told she got an expil from as that extra CRX likes I just can't stand this bitch, you know, yeah I mean for what is the reason that she still walk at a mile to live, you know, do process Do process a what I say give her do process. Let's take right in a back and pick her apart with our with our hands I can't stand that slow a man say it again. I can't stand that slow. God Runs the guy over gets him and pale out her windshield. He's still alive She puts it in the goddamn gay rise close to the garage door and goes in in a very incoherent state has sex with her boyfriend While this guy is yelling and begging for help and for her to call 911 when she doesn't do any dies on a windshield And then they take the body and dump it out. Well, what would you do with it? Here's one from during beneath a spring. So sorry. We West Coast people didn't get this story to this week I was busy in case I'll show a follow up to the story that was in today's four Myers news press Oh here it is. Thank you very much. Good timing. Thank you very much, jury The six year old Naples girl who became an actual celebrity when the city shut down or lemonade stand got some a face time Would they would let him in on the later? What does that mean face time? You know, I'm pretty duass. What are those euphemisms? That mean I don't want to hear what I mean up here. It's Abigail Wardine got to start human before she appeared on the letterman CBS talk show Tuesday night alongside Charlie's angels full throttle star Lucy Lucy Lou and the Van Nick cave and a bad seeds I don't know what you're thinking. I'm not yeah, you are near thinking something about Mo and something about I know what you're thinking right? Absolutely The city says you didn't have it. We know that by by by In a yellow dress purple flip flops pitaels and dragon flag earrings Abigail chanted with letterman telling him she had a closed-down or stand because of the crabby next A neighbor next door her mother watched on a monitor from the green room Afterwards she signed autographs despite not having learned yet to son or name in cursive and got her picture taken on Broadway front of letterman's Ed Sullivan theater Having it has learned that the son or name in cursive six Okay Well when you when you learn to write like third grade fourth maybe how did they have to be before you start learning to write Naples What are a little slow over there five six seven a four five 60 Pond five 60 on a AT and team horizon line good news Veter boys on his way to get his car from the clutches of the high-level He's he's got his nice new laptop computer so there's bedtime stories will be on there bright and early democracy He's got a bigger period. Oh, see I think we had to just start making stories up Okay, so what what is it the other produces business what what the Ministers doing huh, it's money Yeah, well, maybe maybe the sponsors want Carlos maybe because he's associated with his show did ever dawn on them Yeah, but it's like look at all the appearances that you do quite a few right now how many producers and other shows go on to appearances name you won Name me one. I don't know. I think the beast has pinched it for me The beast pinched it. I don't know that's all. I don't say that see you you're making badminton I'm sorry we're making stuff up for God right How many of those guys everyone? I've producers and the exact two appearances. Oh rubber beeper Oh rubbered greeper forget we'd be laughed off the radio dial Who else I mean, Dave Higgins a good guy, but does he go on to a person? No, no, no How about the what's his name? That's on mad dog. He's with their van. Curtis. Curtis is a good guy. Does he do a person? Oh? He's probably pissed off. They're all pissed off. And you know what? Tough taters 5 6 Oh man, what up silly place What a silly juvenile place it is a QA and thank God. I'm not there to be a part of a doing healer to absorb it I'm already depressed enough from the very jackass story. I'm serious that that's just it just taking me a back We thought we were really riding the old rocket so to speak you know, I mean Like mo back home. He's been riding the rocket the pocket rocket And for fellas on fire we took that poll yesterday just overwhelming endorsement the likes of which we've never seen in this market in which Generally they don't like anybody including me But now Greg we'd again just want the he needs to be a put in a rubber room somewhere We need to have a six month hiatus so we can have it up time just for things to calm down to come back to earth So Greg doesn't keep dick and and dick and and dick and and dick and you know he can't stop dick and I know there's a lot you'd like to say there, but we both need the job here's for a lot of it Yes, sir. Oh You tried to finish Jerry's coffee he's bar crunch. That's in the world gotta go coffee he's bar crunch. Are you shimit me? Was that who's gonna call I guess Probably he talked about the English coffee crush. No, he's talking about there's one that's called see They can't get a right it's called coffee Taufi something okay. I had that I imagine that he probably heard about it for me like we should go. I had that Been there done that it was good. I'm not that big. I'm coffee anyway. I don't like really But I like coffee not necessarily coffee flavored things. No, that's what I meant. Yeah, now what's there's one brand that all they sell is I guess It's what you call it Hills brothers. No, not the coffee shops Starbucks Starbucks they had their own line of ice cream but of course they're all some kind of you know Mocha is coffee that they all coffee flavor makes sense to me. It does no Anyways, there's still working on the sense that bitch okay they haven't figured out who's gonna pull out her fingernails Who's gonna pull the heck of a eyeballs? What would he laugh at that another auditioning for that? Oh Hey listen, I've got a plane you let you just give me the invitation okay, it doesn't have to be embroidered And I'll be there. We know time at all that bitch. This is one of the most disgusting grow test How about execution by Pinata? Okay, sounds good to me. We make you a Pinata. Mm-hmm. Everybody grabs a stick. Right and Stix it back them Maybe that's what most auditioning for huh? Come on, we'll get your hand out of your ass. Okay, get some people have their head in their ass Most of his fist in his ass Jesus, maybe he's practicing for something else What? Maybe he's gonna have like a little orgy would clear a beat occurrence in the beast is the class ever show up today or not Yes, yes, he did show up because I didn't a musn't sure if he'd show or not because he actually he followed up after muffling to the proctologist the other day Yeah And I heard they had to get the rotor rudermand and there's what I maybe that was might have been just a rumor But that's what I would but that was tell me 113 at five 60 WQM I want to tell you about a place for the holidays and for any time in South Florida because it's always 100 degrees in the shade Barbecue's Glor where you'll find the biggest the best selection of Weber Grills accessories Starting with the amazing Weber Smokey Joe portable charcoal grill for under 28 bucks and it's perfect for any July fourth picnic Nobody can beat barbecue's Glor's incredible selection of top quality grills including so many that you won't find no place else In Korea full on of grills including Weber Viking Jenner or Burl mate lots of exclusive grills like I said like the turbo Barbecue chef cook on a captain cook and not only that, but they're all at the guaranteed lowest prices in the world too Right now take advantage of no payment seem as cash financing Phil January 2004 on a poop credit this week Came out take on the amazing three burner cook on grill a barbecue's Glor's exclusive it comes with a host of great features Normally only found it more expensive grills like 42 thousand powerful BTUs Pursal and coated cast iron burners and cooking grills and in generous 625 screens cooking area I guarantee you won't find another real like this one for this kind of price now only 349 bucks And you'll only find it at barbecue's Glor once again perfect for that fourth-inch Eli cook out Don't forget barbecue's Glor is a place you've been love shopping. They treat you well a great folks They know the business inside now and they've got every kind of accessory and grill you ever heard of It's America's best barbecue store and they got stores and plantation on university driving a fountain shopping center call nine five four four two three fourteen hundred and Coral springs on a corner sample in Rock Island call nine five four seven five seven sixty six sixty eight everything in the University need For barbecue and barbecue's Glor all the top brands and unbeatable prices too I Got into an accident in my new car. I asked the cops just who the hurl anything they are I tried to throw my way down, but my group be failed so there's room I'd be in your boy As in jail and I got wrong They get the beam at a boy bone It's been a way of having fun Don't the beam boy farmer I like to take my bath in the sink to help keep my tickets nice and clean When I tried to abyke my baby perfume right there in the sink is where I got screwed I got hungry They did the peanut boy They liked the boy And young They keep it being a boy Old man more he mows it up to me He said you're a cutest jail boy that I ever did see I'm going above your Jerry very not you can do Because you can pick your boyfriend's in the tools. Let's talk This is the peanut boy My enlarged they are Come All the peanut boy and we're hungry Oh Can't pick your friends on the inside mob waiting still pick your income 19 at 560 W to Q. I'm here's Michelle who generally is a little more rational and this won't happen you Michelle She must have seen a bird jack asked column two Made her a little bit off for the weekend She says I think you should add a weeky a glacis to that list no way Jose Is pretty are you kidding me? It says the mole on his face in the addition of anacorn or hollier stuck to his ass or real turnoff well Even George would agree that he's got a pretty mouth rail party Also, she says the guy from Like I said Michelle's a little bit off the guy from good morning America Matt lower And she said I don't think I spelled it right no wrong spelling and wrong show he's on the video show But that haircut he has is a major turnoff. He's trying to cover up the fact he's going bald And please don't put him on the list or in Rikai she says I love the bedtime stories that we do every day screw those And I further say otherwise right on Michelle also for the hot couples contest I think instead of so much breast exposure and occasional penis or speeder to accentuate or give the illusion that we can see it will be good Well, you know that word for Aaron Aaron and Amy one for a second one right Not that they needed any extra help. I don't think but you know I might have just put them over the top It might have been just the extra lift they needed everything helps Right and we're not going to be showing no naked penis, okay those of you people out there that want to see penis our website is not the place you'll see penis We will get a patient huh? We will get a police sketch artist to copy that make a drawing of the picture of the penis that they send in them We'll post that right Yeah, that one picture of Aaron on at the second hot couple contest believe you me he had not only four pounds of brow worth stuff in his shorts But a couple of cucumbers to I think man And whatever happened to the other one that we had that artwork never got on there the one where Mo was checking that out remember the one I mean no Yes, you do I do the more Mo's head was right next to Aaron's package. You know that one. No that one that never did make it I never made it well see you got a lot of work to do being a boy with your nice to a special computer now. Okay get busy get with it Get jiggy with it Let's hear as one of our regular facts. Here's who says I caught free all the I wish I could find that I'm gonna scour more places this week I'd try to find it. I saw free all day on HBO it was good however no recommend for dream. Okay, like I said But I find it. I'll find it check the HBO schedule is to be able to find it only I don't get HBO here PS Mo is a demon well a win Here's another one it says here's another news item from the days news press don't think it's quite the national attention is lemonade girl But someone musing Jerry and boat, but he just brings who's out of control now Naples a burglar who broke into a golden gate home got naked open a cold beer and then caught we got caught after the homeowner's return in surprise the deputies Vsan Thomas and Gene Wibling told deputies they saw the naked on our burglar emerging from their bedroom when they arrived home just before midnight Wednesday He's sprinted out to front door, but left a shorts on the bed with his wall an idea in the pocket. Oh good taken convenient Deputies responding to the Bible exam level calls said they found water mark him crowed L 47 hiding in a backyard down the street. They say he broke into another house after the wavelengths and surprised There wasn't a theory before running away The wavelengths found a cold open deer in their home office and a jewelry box open on the bed that pv said One of their prescription medication models was in the pocket of the shorts that were left behind Sheriff spokeswoman Sherry Mauson said fried deputies don't know exactly what he was up to he didn't seem to be very Cooper deputies after they arrested him. He was charged with burglar of a dwelling and resisting arrest without violence Yati, Yati, Yati. He also ordered that all he had to do was tell his lawyer had been stoned and never get him out of any burglar recharge. This is true Maybe that's done from those drugs. He was taken. Maybe he was doing a sir gold far if you think might be Maybe he was doing some purple ones 567.0560 all the sir gold farbs all the time You notice was the yesterday I think it was Did I try to do that thing and I maybe was Wednesday about the because I told my Was one day my climb like bar story right Eaton 7.00 and one day with a matter of three four hours and and they more fast shot I'm the only fat pig. I'm the only fast shot and I'm the only one with the you know enough balls to tell a like it is See if you want to if you want to sum up the human race If you want to find one word to describe most people you know what the word is I give up week Okay, most people are weak. They can't think for themselves. They want everybody to like them They don't want to admit their foibles. They want to pretend that they're perfect. They have no weaknesses Everybody else is out of step except them most people are weak That's why most people are sheep They're looking for somebody else to leave them down a garden pan some schmuck the feeding a bunch of bullshit Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. How are you? Great. How you doing? I'm doing pretty well. Tell us the theory. Sure on so we were trying to make it to Ontario during the summer, but probably well You know so money Somebody I've been doing a Donald's the true thinking of What is it? Jared Donos For sure a Donald's in fact you know something it doesn't begin with an Emma begins with a G but that's not the one There's no difference with it. Is it? I mean, we're just a woman with genos east. That was like one of the gates to one. That's a genos east Okay, because it's like right off a Michigan and Ontario that was a very first one right and then I get to once it It doesn't do oh and then There is onos became the next really big in one and they do like a stuffed spinach pizza. Oh boy. Oh It's really really good. No, gee. I was hit Uno's and also a genos east those were the two long time Okay, genos east was really greasy. That's the one thing. I grew up in Chicago So yeah, yeah, they're all the time I I'm a teacher so I only get to listen to you during the summer. I was very upset. We're going to two days But it's better than nothing So I'm gonna get George for the three but I'll be listening every day until I go back to school and August But I had one question. How's it thanks for calling lady? Oops Thanks for calling lady oops Oops what you know what that means oops She passed away and the fall. I'll just see yeah. Oh I'm so sorry No That's okay. You wouldn't know because you don't get to listen every day, but she yeah, yeah, we had a call from was it her nephew For a fact. I guess it was a fact from her nephew when they went on it She was just terrific, but she's not with us no more Yeah, I feel like a part of my family has lost I mean, oh She would set the nice lady. Okay, but at least we still have her run, you know her voice Happy bomb Don't take any bulls from him Oh She was a sweetheart she was great. He was well, you take care and have a great summer meal you two. Thanks a lot. Bye. Bye Well a nice lady a school teacher. Let's hear out my god. They made my whole day Then kind of a marginal day after that very jackass column threw us off for a loop and then of course When the other one the other produces found out that boner boys got a whole bunch of appearances scheduled for the rest of the year and I've very very hefty fee by the way. Yeah, right right Spotswake goes he's popular the world likes him. He's associated with a very famous show All right, yeah, the other guys out there. You're just gonna have to like work up to it. Okay, they're not just gonna hand you a bunch of stuff Our sales department is just gonna come in there. Oh, you're a you're a some kind of a flucky board up here You go there's a bunch of appearances in a bunch of money for you. That kind of do that No chance 127 at five 60 WQM have your dieting if you'd like desperate to lose the weight Here's a store that you can love the lights a West Boca. It's the number one low car of store in the entire state With over 900 low car of sugar free products the lights a West Boca is introducing new ones every month and the smoke No exception be sure and check out the new instant low car cup of soup just add water microwave It's a low car meal on a cup four delicious flavors try the simply low car muffins for a quick breakfast Your own individuals size the cheesecake's waiting for it to light almond stack cakes Blonies and six different flavors the at last brand chocolate crisp and chocolate min bars and the best news about these now And they taste great, but they have no malt at all We won't waste half of your days on the pot Also be sure to check up carbohydrate-y-during chocolate vanilla shakes a low carb meal on a can Judy's low car peanut brittle with unbelievably great taste They've got the low carb hot cocoa apple cider blind these brownies low carb pasta sauces Dressing chips chocolates in their world famous carbolite ice cream too So instead of having a shop in your supermarket desperately trying to find something with low carbs Here's a store that's entirely dedicated to you and don't forget all the atkins brand products are on sale all day every day at The lights a West Boca the open daily 10 to 10 you'll find among the Northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston market you can call them toll free at 1 877 low carb You can also shop right on the web at lowcarb.com the lights of West Boca's your official Actans retail center Oh Howard David's a bitch Yeah Then Cat sun acknowledged lol But I can watch you as piano night long Wackin' off my tiny slime Oh, the food's all right with so sweet I'm very cold as a sweet sea I wanna talk about it, go up, about it, about my life all Like I'm rap, I like all, about rap, my life all Like I'm poor I'm like oh yeah, I'm so full 133-560 W-2-2, happy Friday too How's that pull coming? Pretty lady? Which celebrity would they... Marginal face? What is it? Marginal or week face is still hot Get those glasses on, they'll come About a hundred yards away Cameron D. S. 97 Jackie's Johnson on 71 Sarah Jessica Parker 61 Gillian Varbory Well I've got a ride, 58 I have no idea who that is. She's all over the place. Oh, then he more faked did to me 52 at least I know how to pronounce her name now Can't stand it when they start changing away pronounce her then me. What does that mean? Did me didn't you? What does it James? James was 15. That makes me want a bar. Okay, James woods. Oh, God. He's about as sexy as Moses Dean came 13. Jimmy Lee Curtis 12. Sean Carrier 11 Ellen Barkin 11 10 is Ellen Barkin all the time and the screaming Mimi Rogers 7 Laurie Medcaf six Lea remedy six Naomi Campbell five LL cool JV heaven four Paul num and three Robert Redford's got three votes Sophia Coppola's got one evidently from that punk Jada pink a pink it the pink it's myth one Scott Bayos got one. I don't get that marine does got a vote Pretty Mac don't have any how about Freddie Mac he's got a couple and so Sandra Bernhoud's got none so far That's the way it's going. It's kind of a marginal poll. It can all be great. Okay. I thought it was good I thought it was just fine, but the audience said yeah, we don't get it Here's a call for Miami, hello. Hey, you sir. How you doing? Pretty good. It makes you realize like When strong thermica lives to be 100 and then you get those thanks to colonel that died You know watching see live it up 100 years. Yeah, it's not a shame. You're right at the point And I want one line waiting for you to got brought up from Coffee heat fuck friends. Uh-huh. Oh, I'm addicted to that stuff really Man, I go to Alps and some time I'll have the street from the station and they have a poop five dollars And I go in there with the intentions of just getting one But I'm guess what you can't eat only one just like pregos pentet chips you can't eat only one pint Man, no, no, no, no, no. What's the most you ever ate a one sitting? Free pint All right, how I feel better But uh, but it's like when you thought on it's like you go in there with the intentions of just like in a little bit But before you know it, one time is gone Well, I did what those climb like with those score climb like bars there in boxes of four in my intention was because I know that that's so Curious them I was gonna buy one box that I thought well at least while I'm here I'll just get three boxes and put them in a freezer and if I would have just not thrown a rest about how to eat and I'll 12 But see you're strong in them me because I can never take one in a kind of pineapple ice cream I just feel like that's a wait I think I just have to die Yeah, but real quick focus for I was just in you had the The Quote TV on was the lady that I'm just a The guy and killed no, that's no lady. That's a bitch. Yeah. Yeah, that bitch that killed the guy and uh The lawyer asked a question that maybe on book a branch to think of doing a song on he said I'm over you drinking and she said gin and juice and there's a fun I call it gin and juice I food dog and it will be perfect Okay, I'm gonna street smoking in though Exxon he's working on it right now. Who needs book a Brian this guy could just finish exactly you could do it I'm George there you go. All right. Thanks, pal. We're on it He's working on it the song too don't forget you're a Georgian Miguel because the real star Peter broken be there is got to go get his car From I'm gonna wear the people in the building so silly can you explain that to me? Why are they acting like a bunch of little chillins? How else? What would be his making about 40 cents an hour? He works about 200 hours a week his life has turned appearance and Schmidt and he's people We want we want to have appearances. How come we don't get to go nobody wants us? I think he just answered your own question George Miguel 3 to 5 this afternoon at 4 a.m. Harley on federal highway just out the open park Boulevard stop by to win our usual embarrassingly cheap QA and prizes enjoy free food from Atlantic City said and you can Give your editorial comments to George Enmeagall about the fact that Greg is trying to resign Mohour David for more abuse and punishment and psychosis at our fine radio at our once fine Irrespectable radio station God how embarrassing Greg Here's Miami hello Miami. Yes, sir. How are you? Good listen Have you heard what happened yesterday about there are a lot of judge who Forced that retarded girl there was rape to have a baby? No Yeah, I was actually all over the radio but I think it's it's pretty ridiculous I mean the woman was It's extremely retarded they said she has the demand of a two-year-old She's 22 years old and she had been in foster homes or whatever and she had been she's been raped and now her tutor Went to the judge because he didn't know what to do and now the judges forster to have a baby because Second and her interest absolutely sick. I mean I mean you know I wonder what the hell's going on. I mean you know you're absolutely correct when you say the people are cheap Because you know yesterday all of these this freaking noise about the Supreme court ruling well this is should have been something they should have been shouldn't even be an issue What you know that's exactly right See this this is the problem it's just like the business about language on radio and in decent language How in the world can a bunch of funny daddy old asshole sit up there a Washington and just arbitrarily decide What's in decent what's obscene which word is naughty which one is nice? What you can talk about it? It's just and and the public like a bunch of little school kids. Oh, yeah Whatever you say whatever you say Uncle Sam whatever you say is bull crap Absolutely and you know what the other thing is then you have those people who were against the ruling They say that undermines our acoustic constitutional rights. I mean hello if you guys been taking a look what's going on I mean one of these people get their ideas To me is sick any maybe it's because I'm from Europe and I was raised a different way Well, there you go, but I mean to me maybe because you're from Europe you have some clue what the real world is all about I don't know we had Hitler and Mussolini you know, I mean my grandmother raised me let you know tell me every day You know always question your sorry And this you know we mean while TV's making a big deal about Two people who've been helping Cuba against their will or for all you know it's bad but I'm saying you know in this country We have how who knows how many thousands of people being who've been held as you know they've been held against their will somewhere else, you know just you know just because they're Arabs or whatever So I mean worth the difference really this is just sugar All depends and all depends on who which group the media is pandering to in what place and since you're talking about South Florida answers the question I know I just I just think it's Is thickening and no one is trying to do anything about it I mean while the you know the elections now they got computers they can put whatever they want there You know who knows oh you bought a disk but actually you know you may think you've bought it something else right and you know We got this crew that I mean that'd be the first time the final numbers were in there before anybody actually voted I think yeah, oh yeah, I mean You know you were so sure he was gonna win this election. I mean this is ridiculous I mean and you know what if people don't do anything about it and then no start you know raising hell You know we're gonna end up with one hand in the front and one in the back and get swept it's gonna be too late Because you know what people gonna think right now? Well they came for the communist. I wasn't a communist. I don't care. No, they came for the juice I'm not a dude so I'm not a drug on care and then finally once there's no one left You know they're gonna come for you What are we gonna do see at the border pal? I'll see you Niagara Falls All right, you know by good luck paling He's a little bit nervous and he understands that most people are sheep and you are absolutely correct You're they are in map. Yeah, you know don't confuse them. They're busy They're busy with caca with your springer and caca moon and whatever else caca Jenny Jones That's it. That's what they're all worked up of You got it even a mad dog knows that and ball games of course. Oh ball games guys and Marlin tickets 142 at five 60 WM at Sineel Rogers fourth a July Blowout sale from Tom Lamin and Joe Prado and Hall of Pontiac GMC it's going on right now Here's Neil deal number one waiting for it. Hallock gets 0% financing for 60 months on every 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock Neil deal number two get up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 GMC in Pontiac in stock current and former military personnel get yourself an additional $750 rebate from your friends at Hallock right now Neil deal number three leads the new 2004 Grand Prix GT1 for as low as 289 bucks a month It's a 36 month lease talked to the folks at Hallock for all it tails and Neil the number four Get an additional 500 bucks off some of the most popular GMC models Including the on-board the Yukon and Denali now through the fourth a July weekend plus a GMC tool kit while supplies last And also at Hallock right now you can test drive vehicle for 24 hours You can take it home take it to work take it on the Hershey Highway wherever you like Hallock Pontiac GMC you'll love doing business there because they treat you right no high pressure no BS just great deals And I scrambling folks you're fine about 134 a one-sat fixy highway that's US one across from the falls open every day seven days a week If you want more info on those Neil deals call the hotline tool free one triple eight five three four forty two eleven That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven don't forget all Neil deals Something to credit approval talk to the folks at Hallock for details Hallock Pontiac GMC everybody agrees They are professional grades On my Stemony is Your bag is they paint your board that train Right we not see Republicans mother Well, and just ain't enough just have right feeling the airways with hatred the radio was permeated with the Light's a doctor Laura Phil and Ryan Michael Reagan They call the clear channel cost are clearly out to make the message clear Are you the right wing not see Republican mother Right wing not see Republican mother For all the table talking it to who to get any Um That are married to whatever they are told to believe and worship Georgia's there king Right wing not see Republican mother Well Democrats Like a child's at a scary movie A very much color who should go home and shut up, but he don't have the cludys doing The Democrats have a death wish when it comes to deciding who they will run and you could color them done If they run jolly, but Right wing not see Republican mother They're all right Queen not see Republican mother Absolutely Who get a dignity if it is a them that's getting a juicy hover Just remember what I said when it comes in your back They make you board that train Right wing not see Republican mother They're all right wing not see Republican mother Delicious 149 sure are very malicious. It's 11 till two now this thing that you've fast me did our good friend John Harris brought in I'd be more delighted to promote it now read it, but you'll notice that it wouldn't as make any sense It's he kind of scrambled it scribbled it together because the flyer is not flexible Well, that's about all my children sexiest man in America contest Right, and it says power 96 and I'm sure that the freaky Carlisau front no real relation to our Carlisau Freaky Carlisau had much to do with us because he's all my children Susan Luchi group a groupy suck up Yeah power 96 is hosting it begins 6 to 11 p.m Carlos and Carolynette's freaky Carlos and I want the board up to you nervous freaky Carlos and Carolyn hosting looking for a few good men For a role in all my children the only problem is it doesn't say where this is taking place. I got that here Contest registration 6 to 9 p.m. State competition 9 to 11 p.m. This is tonight tonight at the cafe Guana and Pembroke pines 83 53 pines Boulevard and Pembroke pines. Thank you Okay, there you go John here is anything for you while I'm freaking Carlos Stay away from us. Okay, stay away from us. Okay. Stay away from us. I'll give you one one to know why we call him that now here's your chance Yeah, go take a puke at it And Carolyn will be there too. I've a tissue have some wild most stories 567560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Here's a mobile in somewhere hello. I know I mean five Like I said here's candle hello Hello Neil yes Hey Neil. You say you don't know who Jillian Barbeard is now have no idea who that is well about the eight or nine years ago She used to do the weather the channel seven her name was Jillian worry back then oh yeah You remember she was a lot more conservative now not she's nothing but a loud mouth flood Hollywood, you know, okay You know, just like Ricky Tickie Sanchez man she the same like Nancy O'Dell She works on actors Hollywood her name is to be in Nancy home for you on Channel six to remember her Maybe for that she used to be Edo Dell. Yeah, but I think maybe related you know But her and Sean Robinson and just help her and then they all they want to be one of you I'm gonna ask you a question because I'm looking at the result of the poll and Cameron Diaz is winning I don't see anything wrong with Cameron Diaz is face But she she kind of like a little girl face. I don't know she just she doesn't do it for me, you know She's okay, but That's much better. There's better efficiency. Yeah, I think so Okay, I want more thing Neil more important. Do you have that little spot that goes the radio doll yours now? Who says that? What is it say the radio's all yours now? Yeah the radio doll yours now when you go into your brakes Would you say George? Speak out Tommy go ahead. Brian go need I Can't stand in your police take that off please don't put it on no more no radio is all yours now I never heard that the radio is all yours That's when you come into your brakes, you know It's your lifers Neil it is yeah, and it's always I just think you could You just like more of my hill weekend. I never heard that before some I would tune it out now I'll have to be listen for us for more Thanks a lot Pat with you how annoying it is that's the tent oven time. Okay. Thanks. Okay. Now what's Tommy Ababa lannaball? Tommy's in there's almost two o'clock. He wanted a kid George before he left To make sure he had an ample supply of goods for the weekend There you go Listen George has got to do something now not that beiner boys off getting this car He and beiner actually between the two and three before he goes this is appearance. We're gonna go off and make the tour over there And what now? What do we call that play is that Carroll city still or not? There's that just not incorporate it. Yeah. I think it's no or wind Norlands yeah the big easy baby. Oh god. Kjell. I'm here. Oh yeah Kjell and then we got like the Kjell and barber shop Right is your day's your pork What 153 and and guess where you can get some real good fennel seeds To put on your poke sandwich. I give up where I We've got the morning a little bit supply. Okay. He'll help you out. All the crap you can unwrap all the slime all the time 153 and 560 WQAM hurricane season is here make no mistake a booded before storm hits you always put up shut It's to protect the windows doors of your home. But what about the roof of your house, huh? So may paint factory makes roof mastic a roof coating that can help you hurricane proof your roof So may's roof mastic saved hundreds of roofs during your hurricane Andrew while I'm protected roofs We're peating off and flying right down the road. So may's also got waterproof coatings for every kind of roof Called the so may SOmay y so may paint factory at 305 633 63 33 the so may paint factories the oldest quality paint Waterproof coating manufacturer in the entire state so may will save you money because they eliminate the middle land markups They sell to everyone at wholesale prices that are 60% lower that would you pay for the same national brands at retail stores So protect your home and property from south Florida's brutal Unbottledively tough tropical climate with the best paints and waterproof coatings are one of the best prices Call the so may paint factory be sure and tell me old kneel told you to call 305 633 63 33 or you can find them on the web at so may dot com and so may wise so may dot com You save yourself a Schmidt load a cash when you buy direct from me so may paint factory Be like I said be sure and tell me across the old adolescent kneel told you to call Be sure yours Mr People look But I'm not sure if something is relentless And I'm not gonna talk here Not much to look at But I ain't looking to smell Just a little too much To that bottle, little too close There's no, there's just a little too long But while they're grown-in I will be falling, though They've got to really big trouble try That's true So go to the cream and they let it have It's got to really big trouble try I'm fishing for more She's got to really big trouble try That bucket make me a just wish to shout You've got to really big trouble try A fishing for more She's got to really big trouble try If I go get really big trouble try She's got to really big trouble try She's got to really big trouble try All the crap you can unwrap all the slime all the time All the crap you can unwrap all the slime all the time Bye bye bye I'm your wager show I'm ficey I'm gonna kill you, I'm gonna kill you I'm gonna kill you, I'm gonna kill you