Are you coming? This is just a temporary. You climb a foot which is turning it cause you burn the southeast. Correct. Well Wayne said take reverse a hockey toes here. Nobody there anywhere. What was that Joe talking about… Another fillings special. what does that mean? I guess uh... what you heard you guess what what i heard what what you don't think they made any kind of perpet decisions are you kidding me damn in here's the first pool well i'm still taking that first pool what kind of crap is that what these people tell us what's going on there man why don't they tell us what the hell is going on in that joint you jackasses that's enough maybe what are we declarations the personal resume from that you will decide right on the air god that's just annoying is what that is can we ever like it well not forget about our feet on the ground just like one toe would be good you know just come out of it just a little bit of qa and we do it god and we don't need to start a first before i do anything else okay okay even on the go look at all so i got a lot of the reading to do the animal care i might just take this one quick call w qa m joroshou hello yes sir yes uh... or we take calls what do you want to talk about uh... my mc office yeah could lost anyway allen snider op ed dot com op ed news dot com on certain rights in a party of hypocrites neocons are king see that's what we deal with on this radio station how to help the shows ever made all we got trends day one a class all right we got the next arbitrends coming out for uh... what is it September October at the jula august august of November October got it and i want to say this july we got a kiss in july you know what that means in reading business means the station got a big like that all over our bodies and we're gonna be losing that that drops out it drops right out so this is the little bit tension i'm sure i'm sure that's why they're a little preoccupied which is why neither doffner clearance there anybody else's informed us that the joroshou temporarily is still uh... in limbo in other words uh... i don't know that that's just that's just frosted my s what he said that i assume that you know i'm friday over the weekend they hammered things out they got the hammer together with the uh... and they hammered it out and we do operation iron hammer where are you thinking that because that's the way you would operate like not necessarily in a real radio station but it won't spend that's been just left wide open with a gaping a hole the way Greg is done with these last two years you think that's finally did uh... okay what i mean in your price joh here's a blank check and let's uh... get out with the show let's go down with uh... the schedule god damn it and how do you people gonna get with it already well uh... he's just fully in for a while we'll see how it goes or gonna take a poll on it see how the audience likes it the little dog anyway allen snider rights and a party hypocrites neocons are king i like this article he says i've never been accused of being optimistic about human nature habs was right all along or selfish violent manipulative pigs so naturally i distrust all authority figures most of the illegally appointed the phones who by convenient miracles called voter fraud public ignorance and tainted court woke up on day in washington with way too much power as the country swirls around the bull is it clockwise or counterclockwise in his hemisphere economic despair constitutional rights erosion perpetual lying unnecessary recalls california illegally did districting fights taxes a death or three a day in a rack and presidential scandals that split two for one there is believe it not some good news by remaining faithful to terminally corrupt bushco pathologically a condolence in their supporters have fully exposed their cmy nasty infected underbellies you know where flees takes maggots and leaches like limbao culture or ryanananity live there no longer were shamed to be ignorant hate mongering pseudo-inlectual reactionaries openly preferring a boarding in judo christian teoplu clutocratic oligarchy to a representative democracy involving minimal respect for the common man individual rights or global peace in fact it's quickly becoming a selling plot especially in the south haily barbers governor miss a sippy for crisis this twisted pathologies increasingly apparent their predictable voting practices in subsequent excuse making they gravitate to invoting to our highest public offices the most brainless and least qualified ignorant is when those morons fail the brain trust scratches its collective head and blames the liberals that democrats and the leftist media then the elected other mentally challenged simple than it's simple really they're electing people most like what they wish america could be hence the white hateful christian fundamentalist racist misogynistic homophobic testosterone overloaded warmongers the neoconstated sense of effective government is surpassed only by the gift for psychologically rejecting their insane behavior on the others can you imagine at the Clinton white house where suspected of outing a covert si operative one in charge of sniffing out wm these no less in south america retaliation for a husband's exposing one of its many blatant lies bob no back would have demanded the leakers hadn't been first in line to circumvent the constitution to do it he'd be howling about the weeks the white house staffers were given a destroy incriminating evidence before the inevitable shaman investigation covered by ergen ashcraft and wicking conflict of interest that's a walking conflict what a wicking walking bush goes already set us up for a big fat goose egg by saying we shouldn't be surprised if they never find the leakers at all don't worry w we're not holding our breath i don't know what's worse about neocon hypocrisy that it's off the charts are that it's so transparent and obvious when we not influence perling thrust clenered put in the fears with pologones at all in the spotlight the insisted past allegations asexualness conduct was central to make an informed judgment about clinton's fitness for office so naturally when artlers exposes a criminal and serial dropper it conveniently became taboo to consider a candidate sexual past when fitting him for office personally i've been chuckling under my breath about the perfect come up and for the big fat lying blow hard coward rush limba is his being a pill popping junky poetic justice or what sadly he won't suffer his own recommended faith for illegal dopaids and more than the way right when hero like our illustrious former coax norting drunken press can conservatives really be in the kind of deep denial that takes not to see this a persistent the art of double standard insisting on having separate rules for themselves how does this job with their superficial claims that the world is the neat black and white landscape the all-favor with their constant abled absolute is nonsense about good and evil with their lies about creating a better america while single mindedly pursuing its ruin it doesn't but a scene as part of their overall pattern of deflecting responsibility in psychotic projection then their claims are as vacuices their logic for all their venom spooing about how liberals are hate america hating scum you can hardly make the argument that the right stance for anything remotely resembling anything but the undermining a fundamental liberties intolerance i don't see today's liberals filling copper's of the ultra-rich benefactors with the wallets of the poor killing thousands and illegal war based on lies in deception or scoring over a whole country of people to maintain political power in the name of freedom democracy and security here are iraq take your pick what bush colonos about democracy wouldn't have to be conservative conscience and since they have none that's not saying much these are just the actions of the worst of raging hypocrites but of haters cowards and traders what a great article a massive issue of troubles and paper game marriage all and once again it these are very emotional issues with people feeling very strongly on both sides but it seems of the court so tried to sidestep the emotion as it is a supreme court said no reason to uh... banned the game rich how do you like that oh boy and not a republicans are going to be a like what we do now like that uh... bad day for w how some mirror of London cities the most dangerous man on a face of the earth i love that guy yeah uh... mister living stone highly emotional goes to the heart of people's personalized it has enormous religious implications and uh... so the court may try to lower the temperature i'm sure the reaction on both sides so that that is quite not quite impossible to go let that lower your temperature if i'm able to kind of a thermometer you think they're going to use to take the public's time for direct um... well that's another story anyway the pull we took yesterday i would it poorly alfess up to that okay that's my bad worded very poorly now why do you have a call on hold there online six in my email okay that's him get a model way wheeler uh... i like i said get a model way wheeler okay but the uh... pull was worded poorly if i'm that i don't know if i'm going to take the tender with these uh... facts as you sent what i've chosen dear field beats to demand the glass booth during maximally in shell in which shell is successful in the york architect is kidnapped by the Israelis and put on problems in Nazi work criminal and butley stirring elin paid supplies a gay college professor who's younger colleague at lover dumps him for another man would have both of the great for the poll they didn't make it though because we got the facts have to be in the show but thanks anyway trails and dear field beach and uh... here's one from steven keyweiss to have at least been doing like too much uh... hanky panky down there maybe he ran into muck for couple of weeks ago he says according to lettered martens movie and video guide the god's must be crazy is the biggest foreign box office hit in history it may not be on the tip of everyone's tongue but it's hardly of skier largely due to long runs at our houses like the one you mentioned uh... with the growth cinema uh... yeah yeah yeah bitch bitch but sure is a funny in the fun and funny movie very enjoyable with a few point in moments and put it criticism of a modern society in fact i might have voted for it anyway said break or more at a such a brilliant if in movie system you want to well what he's trying to say is that it wasn't obscure well the fact that it was a big box office hit around the rest of the world doesn't mean it was a big box office hit in america and it wasn't it was one of those movies that they showed every night that the artsy farce things but most people if you went if you went into your shopping mall right now and say what did you think about the god's must be crazy which is what you got a good point there data-brower what which mall if you went into uh... mall and date and said k pa say you i say i thought it would be in school you did one because it's be crazy one and two i saw them in school well that's good anyway i i ordered it poorly because fairly obscure is like fairly uh... and i'm not in nondescript what do you know something toughcraft tough to the now i mean look how about that look a lot of people understood i was getting in other words a movie that was like a really well known top uh... and we have a couple of money probably shouldn't be there but they deal okay so it's you know uh... don't hold that christ here was yesterday's pool we got heavy duty stuff that including going to be another chapter from al frank and what about bill or riley that would get some an mright wing assels all whipped up into a y'all it it's a more and more people are finally coming out and telling the god damn truth and slung over do man about these right wing assels like and coder and bill or riley rush of course goes without sin and you'll notice that rush and i totally not a politics he's a hero i saw some of the transcript on his uh... uh... blowhard website there well you know i had this thing with pain in the back and i became hooked on these things this is the first time i've been able to look about and then he goes to launch his it with thing about tady's a communist bachelor now all the other usual crap you know same old crap symbol garbage which by the way we got uh... they took a pool thank you fact boy for that the story gallop took a poll on rush's popularity around the country and guess what that's a good not too good rush but but you know but doesn't make any different because it's the same mentality as fox you know they got all the right wing viewers wrapped up he's got the right wing radio uh... list news wrapped up and there's a million some so that's all you need right we should only be so lucky anyway let me do the break might have had my soul whipped up i thought that was a good article that i read right after that we don't seem like how to know where but i just just i want to do i wanted to vent it i just wanted to get out of my system meanwhile i'll present at the uh... is on his way to the inland where they love not not too happy about it over there just you said that the american flag hung upside down some woman got to the gates of buck and and palas and put the flag up there upside down and said hey a queen bitch of bush and welcome here hi did you see the big statue they're building so they can topple it and she said by the way by the way tell prince charlie to put his kills back on ten thirteen at five sixty well you know it's easy to whip that thing up in the air you know echo and a kill two is what he said makes for easy asses hey i'll tell you places going strong brandy shoe celebrating their twenty-fifth again anniversary and pompot obiege and of course every week they got something special going on this week come in for great savings on men's and women's essay as all this week you can find more information about the special sale every week their website ran these shoes dot com reason brandy has been around so long as because they got all the famous brands you love at unbeatable prices they got rock ports echo is mafisto timberland clerks s a s florishiam and lots more big range of sizes for whatever kind of feet you got and keep in mind your just very picky about feet if you've got an actually looking feet he don't want to know from you they got men's six to fifteen women's five to twelve from the very nearer to the very big fat and wide and with over forty thousand per shoes and stock in their eight thousand square foot mega store you could bet Miguel's life on it they did they got whatever you're looking for in stock right now where to slap on your foot brandy shoes direct twelve ninety north federal highway pop at obiege you'll find them open daily nine to nine monday through Saturday in a reset sunday ten to five and like i said come in right now for extra special savings on men's and women's essay as all this week at brandy shoes in pompino beach 5-day year no… heures number month And try to tickle my throttes day Everybody's out in the game, I'm in Why even the ones you once saw for sure Let's know more surprises We'll see if it's all mine So go ahead and test that round nine You're still in the game, I need to Everybody and go out Yeah, yeah, I'm a frith of glory, oh The old tune ladies, have a bite And everybody, yeah We're having a time in the game, I need Be good, oh, I'm on a day We're having a big circle, oh, I need to be Everybody, I'm on a day Everybody, I'm on a day Everybody, I'm on a day Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah So the next few presents were even Warmen, the blotter yet and they've already got The big debate going on CNN, they're Certainly not news network, corporate news network And here on the right, are you looking on your screen? Yes And I'd bitch on the right, she's from the family research council Oh, yeah See what we ought to do is have there ought to be like an Asterisk and they ought to like, you know, whether it's the Heritage Foundation or the American Council on Family Or the Family Research Council, usually they have family in there You know what? I mean, she's talking about, well, you know, one mom and one dad What's it to ya? Oh, you don't understand, it's immoral, man It's evil, it's just that we're going to hell on a handcan So they're not making people that don't want to be married Well, that's beside the punance, quit interfering with facts Okay, you're starting a little bit too much like Al Franken Anyway, we got some bad news I'm just overwhelmed with crafter today, I can't believe this Jonathan Brandis, do you know who that is? He did Yeah, okay I think after who this is a facts from one of our astute listeners out there Actor who began appearing in films in TVVage of five and as a child appeared in films like Fadal Attraction, Lady Vugs and Stephen King's if Probably best known to star the TV series sequestead The SV which propelled into coverboy status numerous teen magazines I will show you who he was Recently starting the because there's a picture here about a kid's just black Start in the 2002 film the year that tremble was found dead November 12th And his LA apartment of underturmin causes no signs of violence He was 27 years old He died Wow, that's what was an O.D. Kind of like another river penis thing, you know what? That was Did I'm saying kind of like another river penis He died Jonathan Brandis is dead, he was only 27 years old I don't know who that is So I feel bad about it I'd like to know the ability to color picture when I find one Well, I mean now that he's dead, that's probably not such a good idea Although at least he can't run away He can get it Okay, here's our first pull today I the carrot you can take I already you know, made my copy of the other one Because we just got too many fish to frame wheel He got four hours and then we actually we don't have about three hours Because we got the trends at one o'clock Oh man, holy moly Holy shaw cow What? And that's going to be something when in trends come out I know because we got a lot of pressure on it We better have had a big October Or we could have like a Pacificist dive in there Because those numbers are ready to you from that July trendman from that monthman We had a hot this station was hot as a pistol in July Now who knows? I don't know kind of like Luke Warmer think Stick your toe in there and see what it's like Anyway, here's our first pull And I'm a little bit put off by the fact that nobody is tummy-nothing Because when I hear Joe say well another full-in show to him What is that? Is he just trying to be a comedian or what is they a deal with that? I think he's being honest Well, I'm not happy about that But anyway, let's just assume he's there permanent What's your take on Joe Rose eight to ten a.m. on QA Well, that doesn't say he's permanent right? He's just doing a show this week And see ordinarily we let somebody else have instead of just a couple of days at least three or four Before we put their ass on the fire with the audience But I mean nobody listens to QA and don't know Joe Rose Old number eighty right? Everybody knows Joe Rose right? From the first team from TV even that's a non-sports crowd And you know something if you don't like sports That's fine that's your that's something But that's not the question So freaking negative, you know What's your take on Joe Rose eight to ten a.m. on QA And I got four choices that's all short quick to the point And we'll do this just briefly and then the other one is like Oh, complicated isn't it? Sean I got your pull going today sweet heart. I modified it a little bit. You had a couple of choices that's stuck and I added a couple more, but it's good one Anyway, don't didn't listen before don't listen now Eight to ten Listen to for well not to Joe didn't listen to for well and listening to Joe a breath of fresh year welcome back Joe Come get in show up about it How do you like that? Oh look at that's already on there Well, let me just click something on there. The pull is already on there This is our preliminary first one of the day. Let's see I'll vote for that just to get it. I just just click something. Click it. Here's the result from yesterday What fairly obscure movie that most people probably haven't seen do you think is a must see and again I worded it poorly. I apologize you know I apologize for Arnold. It should work for me, you know That's a little hassle of Miami again. Miami hello Yes, sir. Not that guy. Yes Oh, it's another asshole Oh, throw the obscure movie. God's must be crazy 100 Kentucky fried movie 68 Pooody 10 61 and we know okay, whatever you say, they're not obscure fairly obscure Somewhat obscure meet a little teeny tiny bit obscure Pooody 10 61 swingers 59 wagged it all 44 tell her scubber 42 Oh, that was rushes boyfriend it just called The way of the gun 39 a boy is dog 37, but that's a good movie I'm telling you right now you want to go out and read or buy a good movie Don Johnson Um, Jason robots Army of darkness 37 very bad things 37 sexy beast 31. I still have that sexy beast in the other room tied up We haven't seen you yet in the other room to bad lieutenant head Bad lieutenant head Bad lieutenant man the pawn broker 28 vanishing point and the waiting for government each had 27 does that lock in the waiting for good boy? I Don't you remember that movie? No, waiting for a girl Do do do do do Must be obscure. No, seriously waiting for good though. Was there a movie? If you say so Executive action 25 run low low run 25 things to do in Denver when you did 24 starring Brian greasy break a Moran's head 24 killing so 20 That's not a bad idea. No that fact's your so From North Miami that paid in the ass The swimmer with her night cast your 19 moon over parodore 17 name of the rose 17 wasn't it Joe? Scorpio 15 magic Christian 14 slater blood simple 11. I got to go on get that again Because I did see it, but it's been it's good see for many many years. I'm good man Here are versatile 10 quick change 10 smooth head nine Charlie hit eight tempest six tempest in a peep pot Six votes for the loved ones and liquid sky five for putty swoop. Well, that was a used to do news with Michael Putney on channel 10 A five for 24 hour party people four votes for heavenly creatures strange land while on the streets three for the dualist medium cool wall Aw waking life dangerous B.o. Beauty booty Two for brother one for running on empty the doctor in the fourth man at least everybody had one out of almost a thousand votes At least every movie had at least one vote, so if they weren't earlier obscure tough to do Wesley Clark came out in favor of a constitutional men in banning flag. This equation says this fact wow isn't that creative Yeah, it's about as creative as he is, okay Let me say again anybody who campaigns for president starting out at the deli den in the rascal house should tell you Oh, right off the bat that they're grasping for sweet and low when you think Sweet. Oh, look at us. We got some votes on that pull. It's up there already about the Joe roasting 27 votes Didn't listen before to listen out 13 come on Give the little log a chance He's a breath of fresh air welcome back Joe eight. Yo mama Listen to forl not to go for didn't listen to forl and listening to Joe too So there while it's only 20 some votes Oh, look at this look at Antonio. We're just not gonna have time for all the crap today. You know what we got that out frank and thing We might not take any real calls today Like this one in higher lea this could be real higher lea You say I told you 26 past 10 at 560 WQ under the best kept software to dining sequences right and crossbrings the gold co seafood grill Just celebrated their one-year anniversary. They got a big fat three and a half stars from the sunset They're one-year anniversary. They got a big fat three and a half stars from the Sun sent me'll show time dining review It's a great place and you get about 10 stars from George and what's his name? It used to work there the gold co seafood grill's got special These including mango plum salmon almond crusted my he might did he ever come and get his crap? Pardon Scott did he ever come and get his stuff? Nope Orange honey glazed sea bass and crab and shrimp stuff troupe were talking about our spot not for route There's an incredible bar atmosphere at the gold co seafood grill with extensive wine and martini list big martini so gigantic You could almost have the whole family take a bath in it during happy or only five and a half bucks and four to seven PM seven days a week The gold co seafood grill your five-ton curl springs at 252 north University drive inside the beautiful walk shopping center For reservations for information called nine five four two five five fish you can die inside or outside large parties private functions are welcome to So if you want to check out the best get secret and lunchy dinner dining. This is the place you'll fall in love with the food is just out of this world Go-co a gold co seafood grill and curl springs at 252 north University drive inside the prestigious walk shopping center I I can't stand them Wednesday night at eight two in to the new makeover show where five straight guys put up a game and who's tired of living a well-green fashion conscious lifestyle The homie days at a road joining the where they say it's straight eye for the queer guy Join us each week is our boys attempt to teach them manly man things real men do from the proper way to walk You need to take bigger strides stretch out those legs out that hurt to had a talk like a truck Cake move it or lose it that's not right it's straight eye for the queer guy Wednesday nights at eight Oh, I think I've broken nail don't they have a cork screw thingy to open these beer cans you won't want to make me It's just like frozen I 50 to a five 60 WQ out in the sky must be fallen don't you think why why is that well? Because of that thing in Massachusetts man, I mean this must be the end of the way as we knew Holy I don't get it Okay, what what's it to you? Hey mr. you better start Mending your relationship with the Lord, you know what I'm saying that right now But see that's just with relationship with the Lord has nothing to do with what bag gets you're doing whether they're getting married or not Hey quick to factory. Well, yeah, sorry 68 yeah, you spicked so that I know who you couldn't 68 votes. I see Finally as opposed yesterday when I were to the pool very poorly today I don't good you want to know why why? Cuz we can put a bill or Riley spin cycle on this wouldn't spit it until it does real a run dry Even though there's only four choices. You see what I'm saying right you're 68 votes. What's your take on Joe Rose? 8 to 10 am on QM didn't listen before. Do listen out 27 That's about 40 percent. I don't believe that do you? Yeah, we're had that kind of a number 8 to 10. I don't believe that you'll you have people getting huh? Anyway, a brother fresh air welcome back to 19 listen to FRL not to Joe 16 18. I'm sorry and Didn't listen to FRL and listen to Joe four Students say oh look at that to FRL people are with 18 but only four Joe, but if he had the four plus the 19 That's the breath of fresh air welcome back Joe. That's 23 see? Okay, I'm confused that that's the idea That's exactly the idea. It's like what radio stations do as you well know when a ratings come out Right well, there were number one and pick me's under the age of 12 B.A.L. That live in the plant that each Right The RL and Miramar within a four block radius. We're number one half. We got our whole audience is jammed right in there Anyway, it's awful a lot of Jews in South Florida, you know? Yeah, I noticed. Oh the reason I say that is because this morning we were scouring that website that I'm a Jew dot com or whatever That is J.Date dot com which is a Jewish year dating website and Happy to come across Josh Dero Clarence Dero our program director But I guess we've already put this stuff on the air before. Oh, you got it. Thanks before but I don't think you made much of it Oh, well, what is it really make up? I don't see we formed you. He's as ages Yeah, it says mail, but there is some doubt in the building ethnicity will tell you later. Well, what does that mean? That's the surprise He might be like well, I got to this for when he takes his pants off. That's the surprise too is what the beast Ghost is sitting on a high holidays only You can't rip or en Russia shun on all of his he's a make believe Jew which is of course a pretty good one Keep kosher not at all he eats trif he has a bachelor's degree in buggery Drinking only socially non-smoker Occupation entertainment media dramatic arts then molecules on sports radio station manager. How do I shouldn't read all this on your sugar? What he's looking for a date a date not not to get late even just a date just somebody not a Live just some living thing not necessarily even human just something living that'll hang out with him for a while for an hour or two Right, sure even like a little bunny rabbit would be good Huh? All right, political view left wing moderate children. I have no kids income will tell you later We'll tell you later alligator. Huh? Come on clearance Fest up baby. How much do you think he's pulling down? I don't want to say why not why why is that so taboo? Hey, come on why would you think he's pulling down a year buck 50 You think yeah, now where's the decimal point in that? Personality conservative clean cut easy going flexible open mind is you gonna get pissed and he come running into why star witness? No good. He's probably not listening because you know what cuz we're not talking about sports Traits humorous witty low maintenance sensitive nurturing loving outgoing practical Yeah, see everybody says these things about themselves if you look under a thousand of those same on the same website or any of these websites Air-re person thinks that they're sensitive loving caring don't they? No, no, look at those things. Oh, not not either But I mean most people do and that's because most people think they're hot too If you look at seven and pitch you not there were some pretty believe me I have better idea than you do cuz we were looking at guys George was looking at guys this morning But then see any I like that. I Sure did I stop you but my point being I'll get facted at later on clearance. I'll see how pissed off he is But cuz I need my checks on time and he's very good at that. That's about all he's good at He's okay. He's not a bad guy kind of pouring, but he's okay Anyway, here's the two stories one from Reuters and one from AP and a reason we need him both is because the fact that the Massachusetts court struck down the ban on same-sex marriage Doesn't mean there's gonna be like same-sex marriages happening anytime soon in Massachusetts. You understand it? Nope unlike you're an Ontario Where the day that they is the court struck down a ban The day they started having gay weddings. I mean that's going on as I speak in fact I'm looking out the window. There's a whole bunch of food flies out there saying their flowers. It really looks like that They're doing something. They'll be sorry the highest court in Massachusetts rule just moments ago That it is constitutional for the state. It is unconstitutional for the state to deny marriage to gay must be in couples And move that could make the state to first to legalize same-sex marriages These Supreme judicial court issue in the ruling of the case good-rich versus the public health of the Department of Public Health Laws it was brought by several gay and lesbian couples seeking the right to marry in Massachusetts Gay marriages of course are forbidden in the U.S. although one state for month Allows same-sex civil unions and that bill was signed by former governor Howard Dean and there's some people who all will kneels for Howard Dean because he said Oh, it's got them to do with it If he signed it wouldn't assign it, he's still a far-away to best candidate. The only thing I'm wondering with always I'm pondering in my mind is can he win? Because one thing Democrats and a country can't afford is to have another candidate like Michael Ducaca and People of that ill-conjured for government and water monday who can't win a national election that would be bad That would be bad. You know what I'm saying? He can win unless Why because you said so that's right. Oh, okay The US Supreme Court overturned state'sonomy laws and moved some conservatives said could open the door to gay marriage That decision and Canadian steps taken legalizing marriages early this year having testified the debate is what it says on a writer's story in AP It does point out The Supreme Court's 4 to 3 ruling order legislature and Massachusetts to come up with a solution with an 180 days In other words, they stopped short of allowing marriage lessons to be issued a couple two towns law But they have given the legislature in that state 180 days to decide how they want to handle it Maybe with rubber gloves or maybe just with rubbers These Supreme Court's ruling closely matches the 1999 Vermont Supreme Court decision Which led there to the legislature approval in 2,000 civil unions that gives couples many of the same benefits as marriage But the decision is the latest in the series of victories for gay rights advocates But feel sure to watch the seven couples who sued the state. I hope to receive the right to marry their longtime companion. Well come on up to Canada Come on up. You faggot you Queens Massachusetts question now returned to the legislature which already is considering a constitutional amendment That would legally define a marriage as a union between one man and one woman The state's powerful house of speaker the house Tom Fittman of Boston has endorsed that proposal Which I'm sure his friends of the Catholic Church are very grateful for and are positive They'll be working feverishly to assure that this happens that we don't allow factory in marriage, okay? Because then the church government would have to like Consecrate these unions these horrendous growth test gum bombinations in the eyes of the Lord and then the pope will get pissed off and God Enros Jesus might make a comeback. How do you like that? He might have to come back down here and straighten everybody out so to speak would that be bad? Yeah, bad. All of it be good for ratings if he does it during sweeps Sure, he'll put that Reagan thing to rest 24 11 at five 60 do I seem a little bit whipped up today? I don't know what it's all about just a little bit out I don't know why and I like that first article. I read it again. I sure if I didn't Schmidt came out. I like it a lot It would not got it here as matter fact By Alan Snyder who is a instructor philosophy in ethics and obviously a brilliant guy who tells it like it is with a big mouth who isn't afraid to open up But like Al Franken and tell it exactly the way it is and debunk all his right wing bullcraft and all this Fony baloney garbage that passes for media in America See, you can't complain about the media in America because generally speaking it was nanny You just got a bunch of powder puff where in the cheerleading assels wave and pompoms like Trent lot If you care Yes, I said you picture that dead punk. Oh Is he naked no 19 before 11 at five 60 WQM. Handle me tell you speaking of the hoppin in the sack. You know, I guess Clarence would even take a dead person in fact Yeah, huh? How old was he 27 currencies 30? See if we can't do something about getting Clarence the body It worked for quite for was good enough for quasi-moto. It's good enough for our clearance, right? What about a dead dead people? At least yeah, yeah Don't you remember no? Well, you got better go see it again. Okay the hunchback of not to die. Or maybe just take a trip to Notre Dame and have a little touchdown Jesus 18 to love. I'm trying to do the spot and you keep it up there I'm trying to talk about dialometres. Okay. It gets a good night sleep for yourself on a dialometrist Just call 1-800 mattress where you pick the day in time for delivery with an aid to our window seven days week Like I've been telling you for a long long time from eight in the morning till 10 and I would it's convenient for you They show up they take away the crappy smelly old vetting this out to brand new it. It's no extra charge And you'll be really happy because that a mattress unlike the others no phony claims no shell games No BS no false promises just great unbeatable discount prices every day on the top mattresses in the world now Including stirrens in bananas foster So how can you be to with a stick? What are wasting your time and I was betting in departments to have paying for their big overhead when you can just sit there and make that one easy call To 1-800 mattress and be sleeping like a baby tonight on a sales practices on beatable fantastic service And those everyday low prices same day delivery and free set up and removal like I said only moments ago So it's easy to see my dialometres is ranked the best in the world at customers satisfaction Miguel sleep it on one I am a bit Georgia so there's like a we're batten a thousand so far Volker Brian even fat boys. In other words, most of us with a brain are sleeping on a great mattress And dialometres you ought to be to do yourself in your back a big favor call 1-800-MATTR AS 1-800-MATTRAS or find them online at macrist.com You're sports radio 560s you a One people say things to you do you want to hit them? Are you interested in learning how to attack innocent defense list passers by? Well now you can Introducing the wise manelie school of unfrovogue violence lies the herself will show you how to call cock innocent by standards a first a boredom there's a winter Rusty likeki jelly never a Life loves you About Lies another school of unprovoked violence You know what I'm looking for, live real fast. I'm looking for a live real fast. I'm looking for a live real fast. What? What? What? You're up there. You're up there. You're up there. You're up there. I'm not going to be in the bubble. No wait, listen. No diet. No cardio. All you need is a magic of a wise amount. Now we martini, oxy, cotton cocktail. Drink nine eight ounce glasses a day for a super human strike. Excuse me, Miss Manelli. I said, Lally, I love you and Cabaret. That's a day. Nobody played that part better than you. That's a day. Why are you doing that to sign your mouth like that? I can't even press the power of that. What the? What the? That's not my mouth. Can I do it? What can you do? Go! Lies, Manelli yourself. Show you how to cold-cut. You're in my standards. Go on nothing more. That's a merely couple of materials. Now lies on Manelli's school of unprovoked violence. Classes forming tools. And you know what I always say? There's nothing worth an cold steak. At 1048 is 560 WC of 142 votes on there on the pole. You know what they just showed? They showed a mock game wedding at the University of Central Florida. I don't get it. Mach gay? Right. Like they weren't really gay? No. It wasn't really wedding. It was they were singing mock and bird by a ion as a fox. No, it was like I've made believe. In other words, it was like I put on. Kind of like the whole church thing. Like I put on. And they had the fake priest there. He looked like a real screamer. And the protesters showed up and grossed, Oh my God, it's an abomination in the name of the Lord. See, I'm going to tell you right now. I'm not going to pull any punches no more. You religious people are crazy people. And everything that's going on in the world right now real bad. All of it. Not most of it. Not some of it. Not a little teeny tiny bit of it. All of it is because of you people. Religious nuts. Amen, brother. And like what we were watching, I was watching something here this morning when we were talking before the show. And something like a Catholic church. All it was about the, the Italian soldiers that got killed and brought them back to bodies to Italy. Yeah. We were showing a funeral. And they're showing the priest there. What a red and the cap in the in the schmothan. They're like throwing a holy water on a casket. My God, what is wrong with people? Man, what is wrong with you? And all these ridiculous trappings and trappings. And what all this expensive and flowery stuff and the outfits in the garb. And the, and the miter and the wafer is that when you're going to stop what is stuff and wake up and use your brain. We're getting ready to blow the whole goddamn world up because everybody's fighting about their stupidity. And they're more or less stupid than everybody else's. Christ. Oh, sorry. 142 votes. No, it's just frustrating. Everywhere in the world it gets worse and worse and worse. All of this stuff that Jews and the Arabs like, like, like, what's his name said? Michael Moore. Cox a hoist of both of them. Okay. Give them enough money to ban it to buy weapons to blow each other off the face of the globe. And that's it over there in the middle east. What the hell? What does that have to do with us? Nothing. Nothing at all. Just like you said about the game, Erich thing. What does anybody else's business? Nothing. Oh, but the children, the children. Yeah. Yeah. You straight people are doing one hell of a great job man with your track work. It's hard to have a family. It's hard to have a family. They can't get any. Man, oh man. 145 votes. What's your take on your rose? 18. I'm on QAM. Who? Who? Who was that? Anyway, don't look at the you didn't see it. It's on a, it's on my cable here. You can see it. Well, you don't care anyway. What's your take on your rose? 18. Didn't listen before. No, it's in 56. Q 56. See that? How that fits in? Quir. 38.6%. I don't believe that. A breath of fresh air. Welcome back to your 44. That's nice. Listen to Feral. Not to Joe. 34. Didn't listen to Feral. Amelessly. 11 out of 145. So, if you add to 44 and 11, that's 5534, right? Right. That's our spin. That's the spin I'm putting on. I'm spinning it. I think that's great. Like my own little, I'm spinning it right now. Where the what's wrong with that? What? What? No, it's not. Doesn't that sound like I'm analyzing this the correct way? So everybody better hop on that pull because the other one's going to go up eventually. When I'll get around with it. Got too much stuff here. Because I'll present that taste on a way to England. Just in case anything's going on over there. I'm just checking the BBC. The majority of Muslims all over the world. You've been very selective in who you're spoken to. The majority there. I've got the BBC standing by just in case. Because obviously they'll be on the case real quick. Bad news for El Presidente. A lot of bad news. Pull finds Bush's job. Approval at only 50% says USA today. President Bush's job of approval rating is sagging. And I sure hope all of you got a chance to see him. This election. Now he picked the device president there on our website. As he picked it, we'll win her. That was back when he was part of the Texas Rangers. Obviously he was detained when the ballgame several years ago. And he haven't only was digging for gold. So you don't have to be in California to find gold even in Texas. You could find it. Well, I never struck a oil with all those holes he drilled into the. No, wouldn't surprise me if he was struck something in there. Like maybe that hole where his brain used to be. I've got sure. Several other categories. He's add or near the lowest point of his presidency. Is this galapool. Is the war in Iraq drags on the country is nearly split over the president's leadership. Which is shocking in itself because if anybody out there's got a brain a matter of what their politics. They should realize that all of these people over there are dying including two more American kids yesterday. Uh, for nothing based on lies and all these are racky. See, we never think about that because we, that's always us against them. We like, of course, as the way he deleted the whole thing. You either win a silver against us to good guys to bad guys. Like life is some kind of a Hollywood cowboy movie. In these kind of simplistic asianine terms for people with no brain like him. But when you see the pictures of these people over there to guess what they're just people. No other Arabs. No, they're just people over there. Not evil doers most of them and they're just people who like are trying to like live and try to like put their pants in the dress on in the morning. Whatever they're doing or schmothers. And that's it. They had it common and they're dying by the thousands and thousands. Not of course, they mentioned the wounded and the main including the Americans, which there's thousands and Brits. It's worth it. It's all based on a lie. And 50% of the country, well, you know, I mean, what does it take? What does it take to get the American public to finally wake up and say, you know, what? We're trying to be in lie, do this is a bunch of crap. And arrested the world, they're a little bit quicker on the uptake like the Brits, for example, as much as I despise their their whole mentality. Nevertheless, even though Stagey stuffy old Brits are on to him. Well, they have real media there. And he's going to discover. As the war drags on and Iraq, the country's nearly split over to present slavery ship 50% of proof of the job he's doing 47% disapproo. 50% of proof of rating, which equals the lowest approval in the highest disapproval of his presidency, which occurred in late September when he post combat phase of Iraq took turn, turn for the worst. In the coming election, Bush will be challenged on his Iraq policies and have to defend the effectiveness of the actions he's taken, said, Murrow Black, a political scientist at the Emory University in Atlanta, right now it's very dicey, he said, dicey. A drop in approval by women was a key factor. A month ago, 53% of them approved of the overall job he was doing now 44% support by men fell from 60 to 56%. See, that's that macho thing, that's your people, George, your people, and my people and orthodox Jews, those people. Oh, it's a praise reel. Yeah, Kapsalhoj's. Independence, the voters who can swing close elections are becoming more critical too. Bush's approval in that group is down to 42% from 49% just a month ago, following that bouncing ball? No. Registered voters who say they'll vote for Bush's reelection 44% of those pulled are about equal to those who say they won 43% one and eight are undecided. They're waiting to see if he gets smart. Right now, it's anybody's ball game, but if I were betting I'd still bet on Bush there's still a long way to go, so Steven Wayne, a political scientist at Georgetown University in Washington, Wayne says the advantages of a comancy in Bush's record setting fundraising give him an edge, but the poor shows other weaknesses. Nearly 6% and 10% which sounds like about 60% to me, say Bush is not in touch with the problem's ordinary Americans. There's split on motherly cares about the needs of people like you. His 49% score on that question is the lowest since he took office fewer than half are confident that Bush can get the economy moving. It's kind of like whether my mother can get her bottles moving unlikely. Keeping a president's job approval above 50% is critical in any White House. Every president who average 50% are better in the year of his reelection contest want a second term. Every president whose average fell below 50% during that year. Guess what happened? What? They lost. Better economic news than October help boost Bush's ratings a bit then, but increased violence in a Practice month has pushed the economy out of the headlines and raised further questions about the effectiveness of Bush's policies and his Creek in lies, his incestion of not just lies and his sacrifice of human life. I'm more personal attribute, my editor analyzing in this a little bit. I'm more personal attributes although Americans are not as admiring a Bush as they were in the days after 9. 11, or right after the US tanks rolled into Baghdad, his ratings are still solid. Regardless of how they witty job, performance nearly 7 and 10 like him is a person. Nearly 6 and 10 said that he's honest and trustworthy. Oh my god! Two thirds rate him as a strong and deceiving a decisive leader. I'd be like that. Nearly 6 and 10 say he's honest and trustworthy, those must be mostly the same people who said that we found weapons and we found weapons and mass destruction and that's not even behind 9-11 and that's not even a sum or doing it. Is that incredible or what? Yes, incredible. And I'm going to say it again, the media is to blame. The media is to blame. You heard when I potted up the BBC this morning, we're talking about all the protests over there and they're making that the lead story. And then about the dead bodies and the Italian soldiers were the funnest of all of these things. I want to America doing MSNBC is still there. And we got the Jessica Bovie and she says, well I wasn't here all yes you were. It reminds me of the life of Brian, you know? Right. Yeah, you're the savior. No, I'm not. Oh, it says here the savior will do not. Okay, I'm the savior. Yeah, see you are. Good night at it. Same crap. American public is spoon fed a bunch of horsecraft man and they eat it up they love it. That's probably number one. Forget about burgers and fries and stuff like that. The American people love horsecraft with relish. 1057 and 560 no crap here imagine this imagine zero closing cause zero application fee when you get your next mortgage zero credit bureau fees zero discounted points. And this will be the last mortgage you'll ever need the revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group now with an interest rate is just 1.95% so low it's almost un-feelable. That's only 738 bucks a month if you have a $200,000 loan. And get this once you refinance or get a new home mortgage from our friends at financial group you'll never ever say it again never pay closing cost again. So find out about a call 1 809 for a land grab real financing power with a low rate mortgage you can move your next property without further cost or expense. The only one mortgage from financial group call 1 809 for a land for details it's a whole new way to buy there is zero underwriting fees zero dot fees zero prepayment pedally zero closing cost even when you move to another property. So get you financing and an amazing low 1.95% call 1 809 for a land and never ever play coa pay closing cost again. column today and get all the details there's no obligation call financial group 1 809 for a L.E. and the the renequal housing lender restrictions apply rates subject to change monthly 5.19 APR. My life and low this is 4256. The crap you can unwrap all the slime all the time. If anybody has a opinion descending from our way we'll pay your name and to dust is down and in the me of the state. Don't even come out to question. Just follow up on those things. Everybody's planning for us. Ask us to ask us to say. In the act of victory in the arm. We're watching all of you. Everyone got the suggestion. So like one year. This got the formation. And for you, my life. The poor fatherland nation. I have to say. You gotta hate those. You. And Clinton's ever lost. We need everything we can. And the state will on you. Blackwater for the poor. We love your husband. A roving tainy for his. Back as to where say. We don't let you see our jobs. We are the kind of these poor. We're passing them in fine. No. Don't we know you're being poor. All the hell we're in prison. The facts of Paris can weigh. Everybody's turned in fashion. 11.4.5.6. You're wqm happy. We got the. Mad dog. We got to figure out what's dog is coming up. We got the fat dog is for. Hot dog. You got the big old. We're going to hot dog. So be there at 7.7. It can't 10. And Joe Marko overnight. What does that mean? There's an arrow. Here's an arrow in Hollywood. Hello. Yes. I am. What's it? I'm at first. Born in 1973 and Lebanon. I'm happy. Yes. Thank you very much. Adulation to your programming. We know some of the comments that Controversia. Again some have to prove that anyway. Think you're great. All of the people generalize about arrows. I don't. I'm going on here.ed acrossцry murder in Sydney. I'm twenty four-olutely. I don't see my force strike. I don't抓 me my head don't touching people. Shouldn't it be a **** better than that. Yeah and inventing my property for that. Making this whole picture also would be a scum. Santa Claus will try to get something. Santa Claus will do. Oh sure. From Cee Tror section on and all this crap about the road map to peace and immediately people they report this like like some same rational people are talking saying crap it's a bunch of bull crap there's no road map to peace what what are we talking about here we're talking about crazy religious fanatics is what we're talking the average people on the streets and Israel the average jews there to one any part of this crap which are brings the mind how come how come you got aerial sharon but if you don't want him we've always gotten it in the ahobayden away who makes your own look like a goddamn liberal like a Sunday school teacher because they have the same problem we do hijack by their right wing did you say hijack sorry don't be talking I don't be mentioned his name on eirigan it's a lot of hard right he's dead here's poll number two okay and the first one we'll leave it up there till noon but the second one is very complicated I'm telling you seriously I don't think I can ever well once in a great while very really unfortunately rarely do I sit down here at ten o'clock and got so much stuff that I said in myself especially when I train coming out of one how we're going to do all of this crap you know oh fast like those good old days when I was reading everything for like you know for those seven months when I was reading all the bedtime stories oh that's terrible it's so boring to people like Miguel of course got to intellect the size of his thumbnail but that's okay as you good guy he looks good so that gets him through life you know it's a good thing you do look good I'll tell you that's we'd are because if he didn't you'd be in the trouble deep due to and the ring would be chasing around well that's not true she takes you anyway she's desperate 201 votes on the pool what's your take on your road and that amazing how many desperate people we have in our radio station stop and think about you bring up a good point not really I mean I worked in a lot of you have as well different places we had two different versions of IOD you had the cost people and the packs and people and I we got the a measly people yeah but man between clearance and Dorine just the critimish and the she's and Robert creeper wire heard has a girlfriend who I think's name is a head I'm not sure I thought I heard the name head but think about it Josh needs a date to re-alusion you follow Josh is also Jewish and so I beast and so is Robert creeper I thought if you didn't get late in Amsterdam in a middle of the red light district I think it's a match made in happy do you the reen in Josh I think that's a beautiful thing I'd be more than happy to be the she's big at the sports the best queen at the wedding two out of late votes what's your take on Joe's 8 to 10 on QAM didn't listen before don't listen now 80 38.4% and that that percent don't seem right to me does it does that seem to drive with you well there's two categories that are similar yeah so I don't know well there was the one we used to put on their only listen to me but that's not necessary because that's that's not relevant here don't listen before don't listen now that covers that okay covers the two categories 80 almost 38% Joe is a breath of fresh air welcome back Joe 33.6% in other words a third of the audience is still over third say welcome back Joe because he's got a big hard on listen to for well but not to Joe 44 didn't listen to for well but am listening to Joe 14 now those two are not not good not looking to their man but if you add the 14 and a 70 that's 84 to 44 so we're playing with a numbers you know just like anybody election a cathartes Harris that miserable bitch who wants to run for the center I sure hope she does I should hope that Republicans nominate her because that'll like seal the fate of the state of Florida because it'll bring back all of that corruption and all that vote twisting and counting in her role in it and the fact that she allegedly was a diddle in the governor all of these things wouldn't be great because what that would mean would be like coming full cycles so i'm saying for the rest going from 2000 once you help to put the big fix in to 2004 when she put the last nail on the coffin of their whole deal here's poll number two man this is very complicated this may be the most complicated pullaway ever took you know thanks a lot Sean well it is a good idea Sean Hollywood now what's this he just passed me from PRRL who's scrolling today I can't believe this he says 150 years ago presently can file a necessary to hire private investigator Alan Pinkerton for his protection that was the beginning of the secret service since that time the federal government has produced a large number of multilateral agency such as FBI CIA, INS, IRS, DEA, BATF etc now we have the federal air transportation airport security service can you see them now with these highly created men and women under black outfits with jackets taking across the back FATAS as fat ass I like that the fat ass is of course are supervised by a special selection at the Homeland Security section known as airport security service home office logistics enhancement section or the ASS HOLES I feel safer already actually job PRRL I wonder her lot me thought about that or who he stole it from fat ass holes right messed on somewhere but nevertheless thanks to him where we wouldn't have had it you go Ralphie you go Ralphie boy back to Puerto Rico okay here's the pull question pull number two I while waiting for the settlement that kind of settle down I think I think we got the giz of the settlement only we got the gister what was the number one bad idea of last century oh so many bad ideas and so little time in a wait but here's the list uh uh Sean had facts in many of these on his suggestion a couple of my Schmidt can and I had a few of my own red socks owner selling baby root to the Yankees to finance a Broadway show Chris Darden let's have OJ trying to gloves huh nice going Chris you know what he says now I don't give a sh**t well I don't blame you Hitler opening the second front against Russia United Nations creation of Israel in the middle of a billion people who hate them Secret Service 1963 for going the limo bubble top in Dallas Marsha Clark allowing an early all black jury Neville Chamberlain the Unicard Raymond piece in our time U.S. Congress in pitching bill Clinton for lying about blow jobs Supreme Court stopping the Florida whole cut in the 2000 election Al Gore picking jewelry permit for his running mate in Dura Gandhi I'm sure six will make excellent bodyguards I love that one Fox Network the levitation syndicators giving magic Johnson TV show Lyndon Johnson escalating US involvement to Vietnam I think that's a magnificent list of you know he can add to it but that's pretty damn good I thought to add to it huh the number one bad idea of the last century wow how about hiring screw-in when it goes this sales manager at Q.A.M. okay we're willing to sell we're willing to fill in the market and who else would have touched raw their hand you know I got to make sure ain't choosing that pitch wow I mean Roy wasn't I don't know him that well Roy Foster I know what he's a good guy or bad guy he just kind of like they got a big yeah big old football plan guy kind of dark but one thing about him he's pretty gruesome and she said I wouldn't she got nearer to gruesome right after he quit football gruesome oh man and then he had that big uh asked for ratist that he kept running around with any baron I wonder what he did with that thing you know where he's going to go I don't want you want to go I don't even imagine no did Miguel ever see that did you ever see that big black yeah he's a thing a big black thing named Gildo public after levitation five sixty a very perverse place QM and it's just the way we like it okay if there's anybody I'd see I've had that to different attitude I'm sick and tear the assholes man I'm sorry I have no more patience for crap I'm drawn the line today market on the calendar remember 18 the day that the trends are coming out one o'clock Neil crossed a lot the final line in the sand I just I have no more no more room in my life for the religious assholes and for all these other other radio assholes enough already too many assholes running around on the loose you know I'm talking about no what yeah how you don't man just too much of that crap too many people drag in you down we got such a short time on a planet you know just leave us alone let us enjoy our lives and like you said who the hell gives a crap about this one's very not one who cares okay the whole concept anyway said like some kind of a piece of paper you know oh now it's okay you can go and screw your brains out and do it every position that's ever been invented the unless it grows your Catholic in which case it's only saw you know everything isonomy unless the priest doing it then the well there's no passion involved in what do you expect from a church where the number one hobby is to alter boys 11 13 at five 60 big storms in New Orleans anybody care no just mention that let's do some Toronto weather kind of murky hey if your life is kind of murky because your job sucks if you're underpaid if they work you like a dog and your paycheck is anymore talking about how about getting a new high-paying career maybe you don't have four years or the money to pay for college but here's an answer for you pick up that phone a call fast train tool free please be sure and tone that Todd direct hooded to call that or really get you to begin call one eight six six fast train fast drink and every train insert a five for a great high-paying computer network professional career or a high-paying medical computer specialist who is as little as four month that's correct you can be fully trained ready for a new career as little as four months and say goodbye to your dead-end job and a deadbeat boss too fast train offers day evening we can classes the offer your job placement assistant and financially to people qualifies well so what's not to like and fast trains got four soft little occasions so just figures there's probably one very close by you so if you want to get out of your dead-end if you feel like your life is on a treadmill if your feet are moving but you're going nowhere as fast call fast train and change all about if you want you can check them on a web at fast-rain.com get all the info you're looking for and then make that call which like I said could really change your life call one eight six six fast train the Neil Rogers I guess is Madonna you're a singer or an actress or a mother yeah but emphasis is first children no it's my emphasis my priority is asked very important yeah you know as if you could do only one thing it would be good you've always been good at that right haven't you totally people like to see you go down yeah you're right into absolutely yeah I'll have to work back with more don't go away and bring a handkerchief and the tissue or two you know we don't trust you love an nineteen at five sixty w a m so anyway that picture of Jonathan brand is that you were emailed me yeah and you you thought that I I mean I think anything I said you I'm a gas yeah okay I'm just a gas you wouldn't know what he looked like there is well you know what he looks like yeah I know or you're used like a little girl right well that's any sure oh Eric don't be bugging with this stuff okay Eric what is this there was no story attached to the digital worry about it maybe that was from yesterday I don't know airskid on my nerves and of course we got Eric doing heavy duty now it is pulled it I must have taken him hours to have to type all the stuff we can change the pull now anytime you ready Eric don't worry about any story didn't get on there believe me Jonathan brand is he was twenty seven he's dead and of course I started you know conjuring up things because I had no idea who that was he was very pretty for like a little girl you know there's a good event he looked like a little flamer to me let's see oh here you go this is good I like this from Alan and Alexandria Virginia don't you like this yes I do the FCC deregulating the broadcast industry what oh that's for me go I'm an excellent idea Miguel how do we say that FCC deregulates broadcast industry okay okay FCC deregulates and now wait a minute new coke right remember new coke what about coke classic well that was the response to new the new coke fiasco they had to bring back the original coke and they called it coke classic they changed the recipe changing the coke of color as well wait a minute I don't understand the why do we still have coke classic and coke on the shelves you don't do some more are there is there a difference you don't anymore yes we do who does here there in Canada we got coke classic up the ass man and maybe in Canada there's no such thing as coke the new coke or coke classic anymore they went back let me say it again there is and the end you wrong there is coke classic and he was you wrong about that really I seen it and published myself with our own for eyes all right you're wrong okay I go in front of the machine right I don't know from old coke not in other words the Miguel knows using coke classic right right he's lately yeah still there so so if if coke classic is I mean this is very heavy duty stuff if it's the same old coke as like as opposed to new coke the why do we need coke classic and just plan our ordinary coke unless of course just like shift boy already to sell a lot more crap because nobody likes new coke they like coke classic you don't understand you don't you're not getting my drift at all okay drift away you're not getting it change if we have a coke classic is the original coke of me for they try that horseball new coke that everybody needed the why do we need coke classic still and what is called just plain old pedestrian god damn coke why do we need that okay we don't do it I'm saying maybe the person could tell us why we need coke he's an expert he knows something about it the nose nose a way to lie we did thing from my al frank and about bill or rally speaking of the nose nose and the splotches on that picture man what an asshole okay here we go the number one bad idea of last century they're going oh nice going here a clock I said all is for given comeback home I don't know what to vote for it or so bad you know what it's true um some just gonna punch one up I guess Chris Darden yeah let's try the gloves on Odeon it's in the way he tried a monument without an expert look like oh you see if you don't fit we must equip your foolish mate you know all that crap remember that yeah remember like was just yesterday I mean talk about overracting oh yeah well those gloves are too damn small man too small this like those those sticking ugly ugly ass Bruno Molly shoes huh we know you did it OJ everybody in America knows that you're a murderer everybody in the world every living person on the planet even the god damn uh brought the sources even those old ancient things that don't exist no more they know the brantod source they know you're a murderer in son of a bitch you got away with it's it's one thing to get away with it but when you're like in a public guy like he is you know when you got the public eye for your uh miss roll fly then you got a real problem okay that's why then they will hate you they don't fear you they hate you like poison only the only people who'd like you are like screw in and fill us and probably a great read that's it sports nerds people would know life I bet you even clearance like so Jay you think no I think he likes tank and what about that classic co-classic man I can't believe that you think that there's no more co-classic I haven't seen co-classic I'm a guest but you probably you don't go to the supermarket very much yes I do but you do buy Pepsi and I don't look at the co-well now we're talking now we're finally found some common ground baby because I love caffeine free diet Pepsi in fact I'm really good at right now I'm chugging it I'm struggling it I got diet Pepsi up the ass my mom's is it's good for a uh it's good for a wild BM once in a while did you know that my grandmother took an animal every day of her life no even once you was a little girl I believe here's my M.E. Hello yes sir yeah get ready you're getting life okay get rid of all your attitude man we don't like your crappy attitude everyone I said the buck stops here today I'm I'm tired of crap not interested here's Pompano B. Hello yes sir yeah I am one of the Ed's and I'm about an idea for a poll what do you think would be the best idea for the new movement now I think we have to get rid of the electoral college when it comes to the presidential election that's a good idea I mean should have died a long time ago then we wouldn't be in this mess that we're in today you're right I mean think about it if you just carry six or seven key states I mean that's it you don't have to get a vote anywhere else the country and and not only that but it makes a vote in say California or Pennsylvania so much more valuable than a vote in Vermont or Delaware exactly and you know one of the things I try calling yesterday regarding the poll about bullies and there was one I have a suggestion for you it was the incident it was made in 1967 it's about a group of people that are on the New York subway it over the night and there's two people that are terrorizing them it's it's a that a pretty good cat all sounds good a check it out you know really made in 1967 you've got a mark sheen Gary Merrill Jackville for it and Boomer Mary Merrill why haven't heard that name and I don't know cool sage very Merrill he was good actor yeah he was very good believe or not Ed McMahon is in this movie it definitely helped to check out his quote he incident it's a black and white movie made in 1967 I strongly recommend it's a dig it up he was a she Bob Roberts with 10 Robb yeah I have I love that movie that's a movie they wouldn't even let go into the theaters today if they released it now no way no way they'd be shutting them all down thanks a lot palmy and have a great day 11 26 26 past the hour we got the trends coming out I want to clock a very pressure pack they can you smell it wow so how did that other one come out I never uh erica that's my bed I never found out how the other pull came out would Joe Rose in the for wow they didn't listen before they don't listen now with the in the lead no seriously I want to see the numbers so I'm sure Eric will he'll fax it along or put a hill do something with it he'll wipe with it anyway hey here's a great place for my good friend Shelley Bloom is still going strong in Miami Shelley Bloom's fashion co-athers have been doing it right for the guys in South Florida for 40 long amazing years in the same great location how many other people have been around for that long not too many there are 26 15 north west fifth Avenue Miami fashion district and it Shelley Bloom's you'll find the best most beautiful men's coding from suits and sport coats slash dress and sports shirts ties even shoes ask to find people at Shelley Bloom's what the secret is it's a day in business for the past 40 years and I'll tell you it's not rocket science it's simple the secret is the three keys to their success are service selection and price unbeatable George you are money suits itself from 1395 bucks to 1595 only 795 bucks at Shelley Bloom's fashion co-athers even offer fantastic selection of Italian suit starting at just 225 each the selection is unbelievable the service is great thousands of suits and stock at all times alterations are the best you'll find anywhere it's so the choices yours you can be a slab like me or you can read it be a fashion plate by a shop and for your clothing it's Shelley Bloom's stock by today the dress again is 26 50 north west fifth Avenue in the Miami fashion district you're open Monday through Saturday 9 30 in the AM till 6 in the PM Shelley Bloom's fashion club yours please tell me that sloppy old Neil sent you by these five 60s three years old yours oh all right you and I went to the bar we drank some whiskey from the jar we got drunk all over town then I answered to go down you go dead like a master but soon there one disaster the blue shirt went down easy now you say in your crazy it felt good just like it should but then it's done because you were drunk you spilled your gas you're getting home I'm not you're drunk in horror is really wack I look down to see her less neck head come right back you can on my sack I thought I could get a decent homer but dinner on my boner is a bomber now my lab is full of a crack cause my monster took off your tonsils fill your guts you can have my nuts all right I was hoping for a decent PJ but now I am wearing Chinese buffet oh my mower getting louder now my lab looks like crème chouder nasty front you can have my nuts I should hand help back my frost you lost your lunch now my love has turned to his you can have my nuts jumping all your lunch you can have my nuts love a girl in 220 to notice five sixty double you can thank you Eric 162 votes and at first pull what's your take on Joe Rose a titanium on QM which I thought was permanent then I find out this morning well I don't know what it is they're always playing game why did you preserve that presumed why that it was permanent because I saw his name on his schedule every day and that was the scout about around the building before I left that uh here's the answer and this is great where we'll have these back and nobody said anything to the contrary guess they should have printed it in italics yeah anyway didn't listen before to listen now 96 36.6% a breath of fresh air welcome back Joe 93 listen to for real not to Joe 57 didn't listen to for real and listening to Joe 16 so who know I don't know what that means do no good that was the idea me my we can put the other pull back up there anytime you wish here anytime you want to thank you for putting that back because I was my bed what happens when you're in a rush j and d says what rush one thing left out of the 8 to 10 pull is listen to for real and listen to Joe not that it matters now but would have done well oh listen to for real and listen to and I stupid or what ever even thought about that whatever what you're gonna do and bad idea but he's a muscellini I want to be part of a winning team get Hitler on the phone not bad he's still hanging out waiting for him I was hanging anyway but you know what everybody told just hanging I get around uh no were you just saying about something no not me yeah you were something very important to see we're both guy we go both got the big A oh and the pull is back up what was the number one bad idea to last century this is a great pull thank you Sean United Nations creation of Israel in the middle of a billion people or hate them a 10 Supreme Court stopping Florida vote count the 2000 election eight U.S. Congress in peaching don't put in for lying about blow jobs six Secret service 63 for going to bubble top in Dallas five timely because we're only a four days away from the anniversary the assassination of JFK Algor picking jewelry women for running mate for Chris Darden let's have O.J. trying to gloves three Lyndon Johnson I believe he was involvement of Vietnam three and everybody else is like they're working on small potatoes Here's a call from a pompano hello hello yes sir Oh brother get a phone get a real phone okay shmuck and by the way Viva pizel Viva pizel 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line your people man talk about one dimensional Here's a call from Hollywood hello Yeah one type of coke on a shelf of a co-class it used to be new coke in a one when they went back to coke No, no, not true. We had not one for coke. I'm telling it's not true What do you tell me I start to shop? I know it's only one type of coke Co-class that does no regular coke I have right in my hand right now But you're a full of crap man you're doing coke you're not working for coke. You're doing it Okay, somebody knows I got a bottle in my hand right now Diet caffeine free coke not classic coke and then you can get a red can of coke anywhere in the world It says coke it doesn't take home classic Fine print it does yeah You go and got a can he got a can yeah out of the machine out of the machine yeah, it says what does it say coke In little teeny tiny print right well, it's not teeny tiny. It's about like happening Yeah, I hear Coca and then underneath it says classic well they're hiding it right Well, I don't I don't apologize because I do see only I do not apologize. No, I do not apologize because Who the hell they sees that it says Coca coke okay as opposed to like diet or No, see there's other big bottles the two meter bottles They're the same I turn it this before they're the same color right as the diet coke they should be sued They should in fact get that guy back kind of full. We're gonna sue your ass for our pedaling a bull crab Yeah, making people die with sugar diet. They have the same golden kind of wrapper on a bottle You know, you know, the thing the whatever that's made out of they have that and it says Coca-Cola classic in big letters They're not hiding it. Okay. It's big but I'm a little can you're hiding it? So who knows what's in that crap okay, but I will say this if you drink enough video will kill you make them a stick about that you drink enough coke of any kind It will kill you Believe me plenty people we know In way too much coke what happened a Johnny cash What happened his poor saddle dance? I was that from smoking too many fangots all of the bug all of these things 56705 60 boy people are really surely it must be that FTA Huh? Guess they county is still in one piece so far, but you know, we're either good idea come on now This is the same county that kept chasing away to Latin Grammys area because we might have somebody from Cuba come in They would piss everybody off. Oh, we don't we're so go away please Until finally this last time we still nobody paid attention anyway because see your cruise was the keynote this speaker They just propped your body up on the stage But they want the FTA AAB and you want it to why cuz I think it's like a death wish I think my date county's got like a a fetish with chaos and my lesson history Yeah, yeah bring it on you know perfect place kind of like the president said bring them on Here's a call from Miami. Hello Neil. Yes, sir Okay, about the Coca-Cola. I used to work for boiling company in Miami and a lot of the guys that worked in the plant Works for Coca-Cola when he did that switch and it was a big conspiracy Because what happened was that the Coca-Cola company Notice as the sugar prices were going really high and they couldn't control the cost of it because it's from you know different parts of the world So what they did is they came up with this Good scheme or scam date switch where they changed it to a new formula waited for a year till all the all supplies of Coke ran out So it takes the difference and when they brought back the classic Coke It wasn't really the original coke But they started with how do you like that? It was corn syrup Oh And before they did that, they found out All farms now are cars of majority of the farms the government pays the farmers not the plant corn Yeah So I'm a canvas where they put the little tea time the canvas still red house like the same old crap But we're getting cornhold by the coke people. It sounds like to me That's the rules. Yep Thanks for the bad news pal. Thank you. Yeah Pepsi rules is right where everybody should be off the coke right now. Okay, in fact I'm gonna spill off his die coke you believe me. I'm gonna empty my bag. I'm gonna empty my tea bag right now Because this really frost my ass to find out that the coke people we didn't trust in anyway because we know they're poisoning the entire planet Everywhere you're going to world all there is coke man. You won't find Pepsi too many places though and that pisses my ass off That's the car but he says taste a hell of life better because they're not poisoning everybody well they are but taco bell baby I love taco bell oh god. I'm going there for lunch. I think you inspired me. There's a taco bell right then not far I think I'll go there for lunch too. Me and Boca Brian. I do I mean that sounds like a weiner to me I'm gonna just the mozian over to taco bell sound swell even though we will all go to hell What are what's that new thing that they have a taco bell? I have an eating area since before we did was an in like every month They bring out some crazy new thing. I like that Well, a little than the bad thing is just like Wendy's does they bring out something really good in my man That's good and then you go back a month later. Oh, that was just the experimental Temporary we're not doing it no more Because the reason to taste it so good is probably because it was like more expensive to make it It was like this guy's talking about the sugar that was to expensive so they suck corn syrup in there. Oh man Corn syrup my ass and it goes reading the label and there it is corn frequency bigger that Vogue RT it's not on my label no Because I got my diet caffeine free I'm gonna tell you fat people out there. You may not laugh Dr. Bob he knew his crap caffeine will slow you down and caffeine is bad for you If you try to lose ways bad for your period, but if you try to lose weight forget about it That for your ABS Carbonated water caramel color phosphoric and citric acid as per tame Flavors what what does that mean flavor? And of course it's flavors with a you because it's candidate What's silly people sodium bins with A cessil fame potassium got only knows what that is and oh Gazipy Colorado caramel what what is this? What do I see oh there's no separation because if you all the labels here after being wish in French But there's no separation here so all of a sudden you were reading frog Maybe we're gonna do it Yeah, but as a common color crap like that like it's start talking out of your side of your mouth anyway There's no uh current cornhole in mine, man Because I got caffeine free diet I'm gonna start drinking bottle water, you know this stuff will kill you. Yeah. Well don't you think I don't like Pepsi better in my I find it in the store which you know I can find it if I want to slump it, but it's it's a bad for you Showed up god they're killin us man here killin us And it's they're not killin us they're killing the troops that's the sad part of public as well We'll look like that when how are you people gonna start carrying? I can't believe it a country that just doesn't give a crap about human life no more what's upon a time life was worth something I can remember those days being an old fart like me Do you know what it life is worth in America? What's about it and that's on a good day? That's with inflation Speaking of Martha Stewart there's that bitch 18 till noon at five 60 W to Q and I feel like I'm on drugs today. Maybe rush that his oxies over here something Put into my diet caffeine free, huh? Maybe it's not caffeine. Hey rush your full of crap baby. Let me tell you right now you are full of a hypocrite hypocrite liar liar your your thing is on fire, man What a pilot junk. Oh, they're all the drug people all these people belong behind bars and mama But by yeah, that's what he does every day a pilot junk When he looks in the mirror, that's what he sees a big lying pilot junk Hey, if you're looking for a fun and original gift for somebody's birthday Anniversary or for the holidays make somebody's day by sending you for Montenegro Just call tool free 1-800-829 beer and a friendly bear console will help you choose more of our hundred-hank-papted beers Deliver with a card and chocolate and a colorful gift box you can shop online to it for Montenegro.com It's more personal and fun than flowers and will be enjoyed forever on like flowers which are didn't matter You'll believe the great reaction you always will get choose from bears like the birthday suit bear the Thanksgiving turkey bear or babies first Christmas bear They got bears for every occasion and all of the bears are handmade and Vermont guaranteed for life the quality is Unbelievable Unbelieable I can't say overnight and Saturday deliveries guaranteed to so call Vermont teddy bear toll free 1-800-829 beer or you can shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com. That's 1-800-829 B-E-A-R and placed on the old meal told you to call Computzedogy D-O-J- Ai-s Copper takeaway from the sinthat ma t and bre Ha Bill Hey you must be oniziert If you wanna see some thighs with me And then make it you'll be like an up-and-beat You keep me in your soul mind You're like you do so Yeah, you must be on my head I was so bad late night I could try it but then try and decide something real nice I'm looking for a hot hot body that tickles my tongue Pickles my phone, you can not so be so important into a room on my diet right And when I know lady in the birthday suit Opened at you, don't see my class right on my cover with stone You might say I'm in the door It's a door, I'm hanging to the floor And the dark with my eight inch effort I might have to next door, that you never get bored Never get bored, you'd be like my private side Good night, I'd have to go the rice Put some of my ice, that is good, go get a light And put this so much more buff and give it a whiffer And you'd have to explore and get the school Come and see the look through the plunge with me And dream women in the shower with the door But be the same while you're here So, no, no, no You must be on for me I wanna see some thighs with me And then make it you'll be like an up-and-beat And you must be on for me That's a movie That's a movie Problems, it's still known by the way Mo is out this morning, rumors have it that They had to change the snatch on his ball spot So I get snapped at peace back on Because people were laughing at those silly hats he was wearing Snack transplanted at a mall monster Absolutely Or maybe it's just some kind of like terminal illness When that be bad? Yeah, that would be bad Anyway, here's the pull results so far I don't know if we're doing it justice What was the number one bad idea of last century? United Nations creation of Israel in the middle of a billion people who hate them like poison 28 Supreme Court, stopping Florida whole count with 2000 election 20 US Congress and peaching goat finton for lying about blow jobs 11 Secret Service 63 for going the Elimbo bubble top and Dallas on a president's or car 10 See, I like the way that we got the strain now was this error doing you're doing What's that? Coca Cola changing its recipe seven As opposed to like putting new coke on there That's my wording, that's what you're asking Oh nice going Eric London Johnson escalated US involvement in Vietnam six Red socks on are selling paper to the Yankees to finance a Broadway show six Chris Darden Let's have O.J. trying to glove six I'm going Chris you idiot Thank God the prosecutors are really strong in that tried you know it Oh man Al Gore picking jewelry movement for running made five Neville Chamberlain minic agreement piece in our time three Piece of Czechoslovakia piece of Poland piece of France Piece of whatever you want Syndicate is giving magic Johnson a TV show three did you know he had another TV show an MTV No, I did not oh, I'm glad I believed Hitler opening second front against Russia three the SEC Do you regulate in the broadcast industry three Marsha Clark allowing an early all black jury appear in Do you again, I'm sure the seeks will make an excellent a bunch of body guards too And fox that worth a heavy chase show none so far 40 fox entertainment division out of 126 vote none zero Okay before we do anything else I got to get to some of this stuff because then I want an hour and ten minutes What am I my pressure right out of hour ten minutes we got the big trends are going to be puking off that machine I sure have lots and lots of thanks paper so we want just a facts Can living stone the mayor of London lots they're stinging attack on president George bush last 19 out Singin was the greatest threat to life on his planet that we've most probably ever seen Correct his provocatively time comments on the eve of Mr. Bush's arrival in London Threaten to create severe embarrassment for the prime minister all right They also come with talks and the way and whether to read mid-Mr. Livingstone to the labor party before his five-year exile ends Although he made his many differences with the government on a range of issues clear He reserved his strongest comments and interview with the ecolors magazine for the American president Mr. Livingstone we call the visit to Ed Eastard a California where he was denounced for an attack He had made a money called the most corrupt and racist American administration over 80 years The mayor said some US journalists came up to me and said how can you say this about president Bush? Well, I think what I said then was quite mild I actually think that Bush is the greatest threat to life on his planet We've most probably ever seen the policies he's initiating will do must to extinction Mr. Livingstone resulting a peace party for anti-war groups in city hall that they added I don't formally recognize George Bush because he wasn't officially elected So we're organizing an alternative reception for everybody who is not George Bush Yeah Great He said he supported strong reliance between European Union countries only because he wanted to see the powerful black emerged to rival the US The American agenda is sweeping everything before it and although it's not perfect the EU is better on environmental issues It's a it's less a less rapacious form of capitalism Because gang rape ain't always funny The mayor said he had viewed labor's 97 election manifesto is a load of old gut they'd come out with because they didn't want to upset the daily mail that rapidly would be ditched I was amazed with a transpired that Larry Bencerius he said and on and on it goes That great it is great. I'm gonna say it again. He says Bush is the greatest threat to life on the planet Let's hear for the mayor Kind of living stone for president. No, let's see here's a 800 more bad ideas. Let's see the creation of NAFTA Do we want to put that on there? You want that's easy. Okay the creation of NAFTA. Let's put that on there The creation of the first atomic weapon Or should we just put nuclear as this president likes to say nuclear If you want to hear of say nuclear you can click out of that weapons of mass destruction countdown on our website on theorages.com Nuclear nuclear bomb While he's moving his press his lips refining sugar McRib What are putting all these on there? No, not this on good. Now a creation of NAFTA is okay creation of the first atomic weapon is good What do you that? Recently by rum scroll. Let's see. That's not the What is this now? I understand it. Here's some more bad ideas The eddsel by Ford that's good The whites walking out leaving Lenin to run Russia Well-heim backing Lenin to get Russia that this person is Russian obsessed It's what Truman said is big history. Great as president was not covering Ireland in the commercial plan. No, no Bobby Kennedy said the jack and Bobby the biggest regret was not making hermen secretary say now Now these are some bad ones the eddsel by Ford is good for these elements are a little weak a little on a weak side if he gets my breath I'll be the winner right now. How big are you? And that's you the winner of this. Oh really right now. Okay. Thanks. Oh, right Well, why you do an ad? Let me just mention this chicken George a Frater facing descent bush pulled out a speech to parliament. Have you like that? George Bush was last night branded chicken for scrapping a speech to parliament because he feared being heckled by antiwar MPs The US president had planned to give a joint address to the commons and lord during a stay visit to Britain But senior White House adviser Dr. Harlan Olman said they would have loved to do it because it would have been a great photo opportunity But they were fearful of returning to a spectacle with labor back ventures walking out and of course you know them Brits you see those Parliament I love that would not be something yeah, what oh I would love to see the deer and headlights look on his post one at started The decision to abandon the speech came as a extraordinary security message caused 19 million pounds placed on under a virtual siege ahead of Mr. Bush's arrival today Rhodes and Whitehall were closed with concrete blockades Overhead no flies on's been established with the RAF on standby to shoot down any unidentified planes all police leave is canceled The only speech Mr. Bush will stay with the queen at Buckingham Palace. Oh, I wonder which queen we're talking about Charles Is now due to give what will be an invited audience at the back-letting house in Whitehall and if I in other Was a select hand pick crowd of who knows is what there knows his way up in the air Labor MP Jeremy Corbyn said this is yet another slight on this country by the president of the USA The least he could listen to them stuff to questions from the MPs What a sense of humor he's got huh those Brits always work kind of silly And his colleague John McConnell's McDonald said Bush might be able to run from the protesters He might be able not to see the banners, but he must not be able to hide from the anger Fell across the country at this unjustified war previous world leaders including Bill Clinton Nelson Mandela and Franco Amitavah Have all given speeches to the lords and comments while visiting Britain Tony Blair gave a joy to dread address to the American Senate and Congress in July But earlier this year Bush was embarrassed when he was heckled by MPs and Australia. Remember that we should do Dear in a headlights Downey street last night refused to comment on the president's right in a way of course because they were embarrassed too Switch-winterned Where it needed well the war on nr on wq a rubber up well I Bitch What else to blame? He took the Vimbo to his sweet. They got between the sheets and things like going fine. They'd he grabbed that little last and made a foul shot of a rest. And she quickly chased her mind. And my own mind, that when shot made me cry. Now the whole world knows about this case. And you're searching for guilty when you're put to a white fit ring. She's got some attorney. I'm afraid some of your earnings are life-old never be the same. So next time you go, a cheating, give me four-year puts the leaders. She signed and no-pits is okay. There's nothing other than ours. No, there's nothing other than ours. No, there's nothing other than ours. She's prepared to look at us. Come on to a five-sixth. You want to have that bush visit to England as coming. The security operation begins in earnest this evening. When the president's jet air force won, touches down at Heathrow. He'll be met there by Prince Charles and flown by helicopter straight to Buckingham Palace. But it's tomorrow the visit begins formally with a ceremonial parade. The president's hammer-head will then take him down white hall to banqueting house for a keynote speech on a transit-lantic alliance. After that, he'll go to the U.S. Embassy to meet relatives of British victims of the September 11th attacks. Throughout the day, police were expecting sporadic protests that could happen anywhere including along the route. In the evening, Bush returns to Buckingham Palace for the main state banquet. But Thursday is the big protest day. President begins by visiting Westminster Abbey meeting their Iraq war veterans and relatives. I wonder how Abbey's doing. He'll then move on to Downing Street for talks with Tony Blair. Now at the same time, just a few miles north, protesters will be gathering for the stop Bush rally. They will then march south crossing over the tens before passing Parliament and marching through white hall past number 10. And by the way, keep in mind, these are the brits. These are our allies. How do you like that? The only other country that's like a major commitment to troops over there in Iraq and these are allies. These are our buddies, our friends. But they're not too happy. Now this is an interesting fact on you, right? What did I do with that? Did I Schmidt candidate? I've got to hear. But this fact says this QE1A is on the Coca-Cola website. I didn't even know they used two different versions. The question was, why do you saccharine in your fountain version of Diet Coke in the US? Because as per Tambi itself is heat and pH sensitive, meaning it loses its sweetness over time, the concentrated fountain syrup causes as per Tambiose its sweetness faster than what they've finished beverage. Fountain Diet drinks therefore are sweetened with a blend of as per Tambiose and Saccharine to assure maximum product quality. See, I love those old days when you go to the fountain, we've talked about it a million times. A real fountain in a real store, like a drug store. Right. And they would like, you know, first the soda water would go in and then the syrup, man. And you could see the sugar in the syrup and like all, oh man, it was so sweet. It could just partly send you into a diabetic coma was great. Like a cherry Coke, like a real cherry Coke, huh? That's what we want. Real crap, not just a prefabricated corn syrup corn starch or corn hole, but of a hell it is saccharine. Right. So public opinion, how possibly a crazy invasion of Iraq? Oh, no kidding. Here's a suggestion for the poll that you might could climb up their real fast. How about 2am giving more Howard David and a talk show? Now, I did say the poll does say of the last century, but right. We're thinking like of the past century, like from 19, oh, uh huh? Like a hundred years. Right. 1903 to 2003. Otherwise we'd have to eliminate this. We sure don't want to do that, right? That's a loser. So we're going to QAM giving more Howard David to the talk show. We'll get that on there post-haste for post-time. By the way, speaking of people with talk shows weren't too well like by many, many people. Even though they're making tons of money, so they can buy a lot of drugs. Janob Trots out a rush rating. Thank you for this by the way, Fat Boy. As any radio professional will tell you, narrow casting is the name of the game, so it shouldn't be all that surprising that the universe, 11 respect, Rush Limbo, enjoys among his own special universe. The one composed of Dittoheads. What did I turn it to that moron? Is not parallel to the US population as a whole. That's where they WH? It's a whole. Right. Only a little of them. Over a third. You turn. A whole American is pulled by Gallup, hold a favorable opinion of the conservative talk-mise to bull crap artists. In fact, the counterweight to the 34% of Americans hold a favorable opinion of Limbo's heavier, 51% hold an on-favorite opinion. The remaining 15% of you have never heard of or have no opinion one way or another. The general public's opinion closely mirrors the opinion of political independence. 33% of independence have a favorable opinion, and for a 49% have an unfavorable opinion. If you like that, huh? Fatsow. 60% of Republicans hold a favorable view versus 29%. Unfavorable. Perhaps the most surprising thing. Number of young Gallup's views. Number of young Gallup's views. A mere 51% favorable score among political conservatives with 35% unpatible rating from that group. Here they are. 35% unfavorable from conservatives. Now the thing that really bothers me badly. It says Gallup says it doesn't know how much Limbo's well-publicized drug was affected as particular survey, which was taken over in the 10-through 12. The numbers for liberals and Democrats were more predictable. I find really bizarre. I just don't get it. 12% of liberals hold a favorable opinion, dwarf by the 75% unfavorable. Democrats posted similar numbers, 10% favorable, 74% unfavorable. How is that possible? Huh? Don't believe it. How is it possible? 12% of liberals hold a favorable opinion of this asshole. This right wing blowharder just makes it up as he goes along. We buying it? No. We don't believe it. Don't let me forget Alfred. I won't. I'm Bill O'Reilly. And don't let me forget about Josh Dero. And he's coming in like clarifying it this far. No, I haven't seen him today. What do you mean by that? Oh, he's probably probably heard that we found his resume, his life story on here on jd.com. Come on, Clara's wants a date. He wants a date with like something alive, anything. Like even like a little, um, getting paid would be good. Anything. Something that won't run away. Especially when he starts grabbing it by the arm and trying to like kiss it on the elbow. He's like, he's just, he's problem is bad technique. When you say, I mean, we have many of you are people including us who are going to build some of us, uh, then clearance. He's not good looking, but he's not really gruesome. You know, he's just like, he's alert nerdy looking. You know, kind of like a nerdy looking little Jew. But he's got a technique problem. Okay. And grabbing a young ladies arm and like, uh, quite on the elbow like it was a chicken leg is probably not a good idea for, uh, extending the time of the date. In fact, he'd be good on it show blind date because only the blind are going to like be dating clearance. I mean, it's pretty sad. But he does go to show on high holidays, which is really great. We're proud of that. He's a left wing moderate. He has no kids. Sallower. He ain't telling him because he's too embarrassed even though I don't know. I mean, he'd be embarrassed. He probably doesn't want us to find out what you think. Right. I'm going to subscribe to the description. Sports radio station manager, physical activity active, which I guess he must include his early morning go rounds with the beast. Like going to bars night clubs, beach bookstores concerts, movies, parks restaurant, shopping mall sporting events, like to read magazines, newspapers and trade journals. Ooh, trade journals like broadcasting magazine. Probably looking for a job sport and a little straight. R&R. Yes, sports illustrate. That's more like it. I'll em sports all in jot strap things. I'm Tonya. Favorite cuisine, continental, deli, Italian, Japanese sushi, but only when with Greg Reid, the sushi thing. See, sushi will write your brain. Greg Reid is a poster child for that walking in. My favorite music, jazz, modern rock and roll, rap, hip hop. I look at an own the following pets dog. Well, isn't that nice? I look how long it did before he gave us a check for the charity. Speak of the checks. Yes? We got another one today. From? Let me guess. Not Todd Drek. Yeah, I could say it's my psychic powers, but Spatboy warned me about that. Yeah, I know how much is it? 100? Yeah. Man, and you know something, if what a thousand Todd, you're still an asshole. If what a been 50,000, we appreciate it. We'll take it, but you're still an asshole. And thanks again for not darkening my door when I was there last week. I'm so pleased about that. Two things, I'm just ecstatic. No, three things. Number one, I didn't run into Moe at all. Didn't darken his door or his piece. Number two, didn't run into Todd Drek. Number three, I got out. I lied. And not necessarily in that order. So let's see, how's the most thing I, is it on your yet? I don't know. WQM, yeah, it's on there. No votes yet. Out of 184, none for Moe yet. Certainly, yes. See, you may be wrong about that. See, you know, wait a minute. He just got a pair. Just got a small pair. Absolutely. All right, let me do the break. A little, maybe like a minute ahead of time, because I want to squeeze that out. A Franken thing in there. Squeeze out. And look, what am I taking another call or two here this hour? But we got the big, uh, Trenton coming out next hour. Can you imagine, can you even begin to smell the aroma of what's going on? And on the see, on the chairs of middleman and upper level management now? Because we had that kiss man in July. WQM in July got, what is known in the business as a kiss? Big, big juicy wet drooling kiss. It happens once in a while. You get some months where you get screwed and some months where you get a kiss. And in July, we got a kiss right on the old back home. Right. Point, I was loud. And any right, uh, set of bottom line is when that's dropping off with the August September October number, we're just coming out today. Then it's going to be really interesting, okay? And of course, we have always have an out on this because we can say, well, that was when Farrell was still there, right? Sure, yeah, that's the, uh, starting thinking up. Or if it's real good, then the competition to say, well, that was when Farrell was there. And he's not there. But I like that. Games with numbers, baby. Games with numbers. Just like those 80 billion weapons of mass destruction that we're still looking feverishly for. Twelve minutes past noon at QAM. Hey, if you're looking for a great night's sleep, there's one way to assure it. And that's good you'll grade mattress. If you do mattress, you sleep in honor of United's lumpy and bumpy. Guess what? It's shot. It's got to go. You know, even if you love your old mattress, it's got to go because once it starts back, you don't get a good night's sleep. That starts affecting the way you feel. You feel like crap. But a dollar mattress, you get the best goods in the world at discount on beatable prices. And of course, I'm eatable service to go along with it. They got all the top beams in the world. You know, I love now, including Steering's and Foster Hewitt. And when you call one 800 mattress, you still get that unbeatable deal, which every time I talk about it, it's amazing to me because almost nobody in the world does it. But they do. You pick the day in time for delivery within just a two hour window, seven days away from 80 and a ten pm. When it's convenient for you, like from eight to ten at night, noon to two in the middle of the day, whatever you like. And they actually show up on time. They take away the crappy old bedding and set up your brand new one. Absolutely no extra price. So with these unbeatable everyday low prices, on the sales practices, fantastic service and a best in selection to its easy to see. By dollar mattress is ranked the best in a world in satisfaction. All of us with a brain of QM or sleep in on a dollar mattress every night and love in every second of it. In a morning's hour, when we should I could sleep like another couple of hours sounds good to me. Call 1 800 mattress today. It will be knocking on your door in no time at all when you want them to show up. 1 800 mATT RES or if you want more info on our great selection and service, just check out their website at macrist.com. My and local year sports video 560 series 2 AM. I love that. I love that. Oh, I love that. For the baby. It's huge. I'd like to welcome you all here to my humble abode for Thanksgiving dinner. Thanks, pal. The first I'd like to show all of you this cup of little wards. I gave myself a station mangler of the year. What's that thing? I hope you got it. See you. Well, well, well, well. And now before we commence this feast, I'm... Now wait a second. Now cut that out. I boy. Put that hand down. That's right. Eight hand no more. Well, the bone anyway. Okay. Now where was I? Oh yes. Let's offer thanks to those brave pilgrims who landed in Baltimore for making this day possible. Now let's eat. And... Greg, do you want to do what is it, maw? And the pilgrims landed at Plymouth Rock. No, don't be ridiculous. They look at you. How do you know? Because that's what Indians raped me. He's right, Greg. You're a bad man. Well, I happen to know for a fact that they landed in Baltimore. But you were more on. I said they landed at Plymouth Rock. Wait a minute. I'll get to meet you. Oh no. Now all of you. Not off the list. Oh no. Oh, man. It sure is ten of the flightly. Yeah. Thanks, my lady. It is. Oh, this must be the gently. Ow. Ow. That's that. Oh, do do do do. Okay. It's 2018 at 5. 6. W.M. Gene. We apologize to you. At least I do for not taking your call. It was on hold for twenty eight minutes. Because he's a good guy and a good call and a good thanks. But, you know, we apologize. He says prohibition is the one I would pick from his facts. Excellent choice. Right? Hey, Ben. Let's get it on there. Now this fact you sent me is enough to make me want to sit down and cry. I'm going to sit down on the floor and cry like a child. It says check out CNN money on their website. Policy analysis market is back trading on future Middle East Territis. You know, some assholes came up with this idea a couple of months ago and he's Oh, that's too embarrassing. We can't have you do that. And it proves to anybody out there who disagrees of me that the stock market is just a crapshoot. It's like going to Vegas without the fun. It'll actually rise Las Vegas's head David once said I'm I show and I bet he's sorry. You said it. Trading on future Middle East terror. When are we going to have trading on like the death count? Huh? Well, the death count reaches five hundred then you like make two points. Oh, I think I. Oh, it's the book at the over's and under's on that. Right. Over's and under's on the death count of American troops. I mean, it's sick and this whole concept is sick. The policy analysis market. I mean, I'm not going to say a word. You know, just to aggravating. By the way, something. Yes. Don't forget Alfred. I'm doing it right now. Why do you think I'm pushing everything back? And as homogen I apologize to those people wanted to call get rid of those people. And go. I mean, get rid of them nicely. Just tell me we don't have time for them now. Because I don't want people hanging on like for an hour and then, Oh, how come you're doing it? Because I've got stuff to do here now. Why? He said get rid of them. I just hung up. He talked to him or not. Well, that was nice enough. I mean, now what show it is. It was nice. I was going to go. Anyway, here's a chapter 13 of Alfred can book lies in the line Lyrs who tell him yesterday read about the encoder. What a bitch she is, which we know. But so well said by how would such great humor. Bill O'Reilly lying splotchy bully. And of course, on the front cover of Alfred can book on a jacket. There's a picture of him. And then there's pictures of encoder George W. And in the bottom right hand corner is Dick Cheney. And in the left hand corner, there's the splotchy look in Bill O'Reilly. Pointing his finger with that evil look on his post when his ugly post. Alfred gets his last time I saw Bill O'Reilly and personally called me an idiot and screamed at me to shut up. He also said I was vicious with a capital V, which I suppose means that I'm especially vicious. This all happened on national television. If you can call C-span national television. We were in Los Angeles at an annual publishing hoot in any called the book Expo America. We were both there to promote our books. Bill was hooking his latest living with herpes. While I was promoting with evidence success the book you're enjoying right now. Is it real? Is it real? What? What's with herpes? The actual full title the footnote says is living with herpes in George W. Bush's America. Okay? We were on a panel with the wise witty and wonderful Molly Ivins who was there to discuss her newest bushwack life in George W. Bush's America. I was concerned there might be fireworks between me and O'Reilly. I preliminary cover of my book and been blown up and prominently displayed at the convention center and based upon what I know about Bill that occurred to me that having to walk past a giant foam core book cover calling him a liar might let his notoriously short fuse. Also as you may have noticed the cover features an unflattering picture of O'Reilly looking Splatchy and ill tempered. Blowen up ten times he looked ten times splotchier. For the record I had been hoping to get a better picture at least had the cover artist to move the splotches. I first saw Bill when he charged in the green room and accused me not me but Lisa Johnson, my hundred nine palm of Doctoring the cover photo to make him look bad. This is what I look lucky said angrily pointing at his nose. I've never looked like that. You're responsible for this he said leading his six foot foreframed toward her and jabbing his finger menacingly. That's a doctored photo. This is what I look like again with a pointing. Which seemed to have a lot of necessary since both Lisa and I recognized him from his many appearances on TV. I tried to calm him down. Bill Lisa had nothing to do with a photo. This is what I look like. I know I know. I've never looked like that. Bill, Bill, this is a preliminary cover. I explained that in fact I wanted to have the photo doctor to take out the splotches. I even wanted to have them retouch my photo. Look, I said I wanted to take about 40 pounds off my ass. I thought that might lighten the mood. No sale. I don't look like that. This is what I look like point point. Bill, we'd love to have a picture of you from the factor. Something of you lying. Anything with your mouth open would work. Again, trying to lighten the mood but I wasn't getting through. By then the moderator for a panel, Pat Schroeder, was summoning us to the event, which were 700 of America's best Art Nations booksellers, set waiting for what promised to be a high-minded and civilized exchange of contrasting views between two men and a woman of letters. Molly went for it and enchanted us all with her Tarte Texas wit. Next up, O'Reilly. After talking about his book for about 5 minutes he'd be at the talk about mine. Seeking the contrast his style of my own he said, I don't call people names. I don't call anybody a liar. I'm not doing that. I'm trying to elevate the discourse. I don't call people big fat idiots. Nobody missed the reference to my book, Rush Limbaugh is a big fat idiot. Then it was my turn. Like other panelists I spent the first part of my, a lot of time describing my book in general terms. Then I got to O'Reilly. I felt a certain obligation to explain why a fellow panelist face was on the cover of book whose title included the words, lies, lying and liars, so I told a little story. A couple years ago I was watching Bill O'Reilly on Seaspan. He was being interviewed in front of an audience about his book The No Spin Zone. The interviewer reached back a few years into O'Reilly's career. Now you were the host of Inside Edition. That was kind of a tabloid show. I'm paraphrasing here. I don't have this on tape. Tabloid show O'Reilly was indignant. We won two P-Bodies. Well still it was a tabloid show. I beg your pardon but the P-Bodies only the most prestigious award in journalism O'Reilly, and so with great umbrej. But you have to admit inside Edition was something of a tabloid show. So you want us to give the P-Bodies back O'Reilly smart? We won two P-Bodies the most prestigious award in journalism. Watching at home I knew O'Reilly was absolutely right about one thing. The George Foster P-Body award is the most prestigious in broadcast journalism, but one on earth could inside Edition of one of P-Body four. For its swimsuits, how bearers to bear a story? Or maybe a three-part series on the father of Madonna's first baby Carlos Leon? So I went to my nexus and put in P-Body award and inside Edition I did get three hits. They were all Bill O'Reilly claiming that inside Edition of one of P-Body or two. If you read these O'Reilly excerpts from the fact you're closely, you'll see an interesting progression. On just 30th, 99 O'Reilly, I anchored a program called Inside Edition was your one of P-Body award. May 8th, 2000 O'Reilly will all have got to say that inside Edition is one I believe two P-Body awards, the highest yearless more in the country. May 19th, 2000 with guest Arthur Neville, Neville, you hosted Inside Edition O'Reilly correct. Neville which is considered a tabloid show O'Reilly by whom? Neville by many people O'Reilly does that mean and Neville and even you O'Reilly, we throw the P-Body awards back, we won P-Body awards. Next I went to the P-Body website which was all their winners throughout the years, no inside Edition. Still to be thorough I called the P-Body people, and asked them when on the other end of the line, yeah did by any chance the show Inside Edition ever went to P-Body? She laughed. No Inside Edition has never been the recipient of a P-Body award. I did the side to the call Bill, he was nice enough to get right back to me. Yeah, Al, what can I do for you? Well first of all Bill, congratulations on all your success. Thanks, what's up? Okay, I saw you there on an on-C-Span, you said Inside Edition amount a couple of P-Body's. That's right, we won too. Well maybe you should check out that with P-Body people because they don't think you did. There was a pause on the other end of the phone, then I'll call you back. About 10 minutes later, Bill was on the line, he was back. It was a poke. A poke? I asked, yeah just as prestigious as the P-Body. So there are two most prestigious awards in journalism I asked, Bill didn't appreciate the sarcasm. Al, it's a very prestigious award. Fine, I said, but Bill, I want you to think it's a little ironic that you got a wrong about a journalism award? Okay, I'll go after me if you want, he said him a young up. And by the way, that poke inside Edition one at over a year after, I'll write a little of the show. I'll get back to it, go to do the break. Get back to your Diana. Not that he would lie on his damn because we're there. No spin cycle there's no line. There's no milk. If you fart the wrong flavor you're out. Except the course for him. And by the way, I can't wait to see those Bill or Riley numbers. Our ratings when they come in because so far his daytime talk show on whatever state it's on has got a point. Isn't made any impact not a not anything even leprechaun's a listen to with nobody on whatever station it's on. I'm whatever, I make believe station it might be on. You say that like you don't know. Right. And I don't. 1227 at 560 WQM imagine this imagine zero closing cost on the next mortgage zero application. Fee zero credit bureau fee zero discounted points. It's the last mortgage you'll ever be need man. The revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group now with an interest rate of amazingly low of just 1.95%. If you have a $200,000 loan your payments are a mere 738 a month. And once you're refinanced or get you a new home mortgage from financial group you'll never ever never pay closing cost again. So when in doubt check it out call 1 899 for Oland grab real financing power with that low astonishing rate mortgage you can move to your next property without further cost expense. The only one mortgage from financial group. Call toll free for all the information all that it tells there's no obligation call 1 899 for Oland. There's no obligation whatsoever. So hold away to buy zero underwriting fee zero dot fee zero payment penalty zero closing cost even when you moved to another property. So get financing it just 1.95% and never ever pay closing cost again. 1 899 for Oland is a number to call the financial group 1 899 for OLA and the the renequal housing lender restrictions apply rates up to change monthly 5.19. Our 5.19epr. 5.19e chatter 5.77你好 Making peace is hard to do it. Don't take general So I'm from me. How about put on something gallantly? We was afraid that you still hate Jews, because making peace is hard to do I don't get we we used to fight my little young men's people in the outside What you are about it is just one new how about to rent the banks and got us to If you're not at we don't want more magic my own people will still I don't have my head in this is all that you got I will play that my tent up inside And once you thought I'd never thought we would get this far But I was shaking hands with wringles down let's get a big and have a lot of a clue I can't beat fuck your smunk Oh, 33 at 560 WM so anyway all frankincis Can I get back to this please? And thanks to the list there was suggested to turn me out of that guardian UK article about While we have your attention Mr. President it's 13 pages that I just printed out maybe I'll read that one day Okay, at least the sarcastic ones anyway But now you're picking and choosing that's right just like everybody else does Anyway, so he hung up on L and by the way that Polk inside edition one a year after a while left the show is where we left off I thought those reaction was odd he hadn't said oh my god how embarrassing I can't believe I've been saying that thank you so much out for calling me now I won't humiliate myself I'm making them mistake again Thank you so much for calling me rather than taking it public instead of it was go after me if you want so I did I called Lloyd Grobe to Washington post reliable source column Lloyd ran with an on March 1st 2001 after checking nexus He also offered bill the opportunity to respond to quote him as saying al-Francid is on a G had against me So I got missed up between the P-Body word and Polk award which is just as prestigious Okay, so that was over he got caught making mistake and it was kind of a jerk about it fine Hang on a couple other papers picked up the P-Body stray from the post news day ran a March 8 column by Robert Reno titled Some factors about our rally aren't factual a march 13 a rally introduced at night's personal story segment attack journalism This is personal to me because some writers are really violating every ten and a fairness on what they're saying in print about your humble servant He said his guess was Michael Wolffy terrific media columnist for New York magazine A rally in Wolff began by discussing the definition of attack journalism or rally it was clear considered himself an expert on attack journalism But not for the reason you might think March 13 2001 or rally if you lie about someone who goes right up on the nexus where everyone can read it It'll give you an example. Guys says about me a couple of weeks ago or rally city one of P-Body award never said it You can't find a transcript where I said it you there was no one on earth you could bring in that would say I said it Robert Reno When news the economist writes his column calls me a liar all right, and it's totally fabricated. That's a tax journalism. It's done. It's disgusting in hurts reputations Wolff if it's also incorrect journalism if it's wrong or rally it is wrong Wolff, okay, well in the guy made a mistake Or rally no come on he made a mistake that's lives forever in the nexus and did you write a common next day saying he made a mistake Wolff well obviously obviously obviously he showed usually I find if someone's made a mistake if you asked him to correct it. They corrected or rally No, not on this society anymore So that was the story I told the 700 booksellers that the book Expo America luncheon Bill or rally mistook one poke that the show won after he left for two body P-Body's that is he put it we won But then not too accept the conceiting is air both to me in a Washington Post. He attacked a journalist for accurately describing what he had done I found four separate incidents where he claimed to have won P-Body's three of them in nexus transcripts Or rally bellowed never said it you can't find a transcript where I said it it's totally fabricated That's a tax journalism. It's dishonest it's discussing in hurts reputations So or rally had lied to cover up his mistake and he had called an honest reporter a liar The entire crowd seemed to enjoy all the ironies of the story with one exception Bill or rally sitting three feet to my right had become so angry he developed another splotch As I was telling the story I could see him stewing gripping his pen with seeding fury my wife watching on TV 3000 miles away thought that those were gonna jam the pinch of my eyeball into my brain But I was having fun not because I enjoyed attacking people gratuitously but because Bill or rally is a bullying he deserved it everything I had said was true on a show or rally cuts off anyone who disagrees with him if they stand up for themselves He shouts them down, but this wasn't his show When I concluded by remarks or rally went nuts First he called me an idiot fulfilling his earlier promised to elevate the discourse Then the king of the no spin zone where spinning his prohibited started deliberately mischaracterizing What everyone in the room and watching at home and just heard me say all he's got in six and a half years is that I'm misspoke That I labeled a polka ward of P-Body he writes in his book he tries to make me out to be a liar Of course that wasn't a problem the problem was that what he did once he was confronted with was a misstatement He went on the attack and lied and here he was doing it again. No, no, no, I tried to interject hey shut up You had your 35 minutes I spoken for 20 shut up Tempest flared a moment later or I was spinning like every flashes draidel This guy accuses me of being a liar ladies and gentlemen on national television because I misspoke and labeled a P-Body a polka Vintage or Rally I accused him of the ultimate sin as he had set on C-Span and a call in earlier that day once you lie your out of the box That's the no spin zone He had said it to a Muslim caller who criticized the factor Muslim caller there's a lot of anti-Semitic rhetoric on there For instance, you know you compared the current to mine comp or Riley know I didn't that's a total lie Actually, it wasn't The caller had been referring to a July 7 2002 factor regarding a controversy at the University of North Carolina The school had assigned its incoming freshman book entitled approaching the Quran the early revelations are rally was outraged I don't know what to serve to take a look at our enemies religion see I mean I wouldn't give people a book during World War II on the Emperor's got in Japan Would you I wouldn't read the book and I'll tell you why I wouldn't have read mine comp either if I were going to you when c1941 and you professors had read mine comp I would have said hey professor with all the respect shove it I ain't reading it The Muslim caller tried and vamed with plain as question can I just finish sir can I finish my question? Whoa hold on hold it a while you interrupted know you can't finish because once you lie your out of the box That's the no spin zone get it you can't see on national television even if it is C span you compare the Quran to mine comp That's a lie. I'll write to you out of the box As distinct from hand-culture whose lies are painstakingly crafted to serve her radical political agenda Bill seemed to lie for two reasons One to polish his own apple the P bodies and two to protect anyone who's critical of him Quran often the two are related Take for example my favorite moment at the bookcase bold luncheon a question him about a claiming it made three minutes earlier about having started out with nothing See or Riley always likes to crow about his hard scrabble childhood and working class leviton long island as he wants to hold a New York observer You don't come from any lower than I came from on an economic scale Travelers an inside source or Riley's mother tells a different story Mrs. or Riley probably told the wife and post at the family regularly took vacations in Florida And that little Billy attended private school or private college and that their home was in the affluent suburb of Westbury Not the Lucala Levitton So I asked Bill where he grew up was at Westbury or Levitton seemingly a hard question to spin Back into a corner he replied with a crazy lie saying that he had grown up in the Westbury section of Levitton There is no Westbury section of Levitton there are two separate villages several miles apart It was like saying he had grown up in Brooklyn the man the man hat and section of Brooklyn Oh, you gotta get this book folks. I know I'll continue momentarily. Thank you. Does it in a screen? I'm loving it I might to often I'm being like most of this book on a year. Hopefully I'll need no retire You son of a bitch. You didn't that but you know it's a best I can do even on the girl hates it Although it makes me girls life a lot easier and ends are in no phone. Oh, yeah, and then we got the trends coming out. I think we got it. Look at them same Got it. How's that pull coming? I do like our pull today. Thanks again to a Sean Who what was the number one bad idea the last century and I think I have an idea was moving up pretty good. Oh, look at that United Nations creation of Israel in the middle of a billion people who hate them 55 Supreme Court stopping Florida vote count the 2000 election 50 WQ and giving more Howard David and his own show is already in third place with 22 That's good. US Congress in teaching GoCent for lying about blow jobs 20 Secret service 63 for going to bubble top polimo and Dallas 18 Al Gore picking jewelry remain for running made 15 Lyndon Johnson escalating West involvement in Vietnam 14 Chris Darden. Let's have O. J. trying to gloves 11 everybody else in gold digits Come on. Let's have O. J. Trynnam gloves. That'll prove it. Want it? No. I've gone Chris. Hey, if you're fat and boy, am I talking to a lot of people now see years ago I talk about fat and people's are what you quit probably. I can't about fat and now everybody's fat So generally speaking speaking, I just about everybody in world of spad and this will be trying to lose weight because they look like crap. They'd have no energy and they're on either a diabetic or on a verge of it Plus how do you where real clothing when you're fat you can't you were like puppets but what bounds for life you can lose that weight the easy painless way because they do all the work for you Which makes it so simple it's a piece of cake without the carbs and calories no cooking no shopping no cleaning the worries no calorie counting no carb counting No nothing except just reach outside the door. That's all you have to do is pick up your little black sack that they leave it to your door and your home or work or ever by six o'clock every morning And like I've been telling you for a long time now in your black sack is delicious fresh grape or may food real gourmets stuff We're talking about omelets and fatatas and chicken dishes and meat dishes all kinds of good stuff nothing frozen nothing pre-fab three gourmails two delicious snacks are right in your little black sack In fact, balance for life is the only company that allows you to choose between two alternatives for every meal and snack every day to turn a program They facts you a little a menu once a week you facts it back to more like whatever you want to do and that's it. That's the only choice you have to make So like I said there's plenty of food there to keep you full all day long You won't be cheating because you won't be hungry That's what's gonna help you start seeing results on that scale within just a matter of weight of days wait See there you go again. I'm fat so if you really want to lose the weight once and for all if you travel all the others the grapefruit diet the watermelon diet The atkins the statkins and you're still fat let balance for life do it for you. This might be what you've been searching for on your life Call balance for life today nine five four fat. No. It's nine five four five six eight 3229 nine five four five six eight 3229 or visit their prestigious website at balance for life.com Oh I like the know who won the election said I've known who won the election Count the vote count the vote baby count the vote count the vote count the vote count the vote count the vote count the vote count the vote count the vote count the vote ever since this presidential race begin Live up in wonder who's going you win Some poverty people went to do their voting job So pound up all the balance and find out who's gotten more Those old folks seem to have one thing in common Looks like lots of them just be there for soup. I drink you can So I love to know who won the election Yes, I'd like to know who won the election Count the vote baby count the vote count the vote count the vote count the vote count the vote count the vote count the vote count the vote count the vote count the vote Final tabulation started coming in then I saw a new splash on channel 10 Some angry people all together in a bunch They said they were confused and didn't know which all the punch Those old folks seem to have one thing in common Looks like lots of them just keep their votes to Patrick Buchanan So I'd like to know who won the election Said I'd like to know who won the election Oh, I'd like to know who won the election Yes, I'd like to know who won the election Count the vote count the vote count the vote count the vote count the vote count the vote For push I'm in for push Count the vote I'm there in tomorrow Count the vote to miss up to then account the vote to miss up to then Come 48 less counted again one more time when he said you think so right what's we count? Anyway, Alfred can say a Riley's innumerable eyes and distorsons all feet of big lie that he's a no-nonsense Very knuckle the working class straight shooter who sticks it to the phone. He's in six-eper little guy. I ain't buying it In reality a Riley's as phone uses P-body's under the guise of it is is Angry every man for a sauna. He uses a shop or inventory of borish tactics Bluster bullying and be literally in order to advance a thin with disguise conservative agenda It's not that a Riley's a Republican hack like Sean Hannity whom will meet in the next chapter His position on issues is not Dr. Nairmoveon conservative and every once in a while I find myself in a agreement with him like when he says the government should stay out of the bedroom or when I'm drunk But his constant protest that he's an impartial observer or not an ideological conservative is just another lie And it's another lie that he's had to lie about From 1996 launch of the arrival factor part of bill squirt and tells us a not as an honor ideologue was that he was a registered independent lie NPR's Mike Pesker. We two to this and is January 2001 profile of a Riley for on the media reporting that our Riley had been a registered Republican since 1994 Calling the story a hatchet job a Riley claim. I've never heard of NPR's Mike Pesker In fact Pesker talked to a Riley for an hour and use portions of the tape conversation in the profile. What about the party registration? The accusation on my voting record is simply a lie a Riley lied and I'm not surprised since we've done a number of stories And NPR's left-leaning ways Yes, a Riley admitted he'd been a registered Republican since 1994, but he hadn't been aware of it It seems that there have been an innocent mistake when I registered an assort of Oda 94 There was no box for it independent. I left all the boxes empty somehow. I was assigned Republican status take a look There it is right here in the book Take a look reproduced below is his 1994 photo registration form from massaw county I've blocked out his home address in signatures so that no one can steal his manufactured identity One thing we do know for sure Bill O'Reilly is a registered lio-cratt and sure enough under party enrollment. There he has checked Republican O'Reilly is right wing blow-hard of the school yard bully for I think he's not the only one He isn't even the worst of them. So when on his radio show the Monday following our book Expo panel He said that if we had been in the old west, I would have put a bullet right between his head I couldn't resist a little grin it was just so bill There's no shame in screwing up his statistic every now and then people make mistakes It's just that somewhere deep in O'Reilly's psyche. It is a clear terror of being proven wrong When he's confronted with a mistake the bully comes out and the bludgens is guest within correct He just made up facts and figures on the February 5, 2002 factor O'Reilly told his guests guest national organization women president Kim Gandhi that 58% of single mom homes are on welfare actually only 14% of single moms are on welfare when Gandhi challenged him O'Reilly Blovieted you can't say no Miss Gany. That's the stat. It can't just dismiss it. It's 58% This is what is from the federal government I'm February 26, 2001 a writer defended Jeb Bush's one Florida program to state Senator King Rig Meek All right look in the university system in Florida right now 37% of the 10 universities are black 37% Black enrollment that year was really 18% when me tried to correct him or run a cut me off with I got the numbers in their dead on On May 18, I may 8, 2001 a writer boasted that the U.S. gives far away more tax money to foreign countries than anyone Nobody else even comes close Japan gives more not per capita more when his guest fill is Venice from the Institute for Policy Studies pointed out that the U.S. gives a smaller Freshness of its gross national product in any other developed country a Raleigh Bellard. That's not true, but it is Benus hung in there and said it is absolutely true on a per capita basis Clearly having no idea what he was talking about or Raleigh flayed away while we have a 300 million population He base here and Sweden has 3 million so that's skewed out Sweden has about 9 million people Now like I said there's no shame and occasionally messing up on him Scherz statistic like the population of a major industrialization You probably didn't know what I certainly didn't but I would never insist that I did Even when an obnoxiously persistent guest catches a Raleigh dead device, they'll still manages to so seeds of doubt in the viewers minds As you can see from this 1999 program with popular corporate speaker Al Franken Franken in 93 Clinton passed a budget deficit package with all Republicans voting against him Or while a Clinton couldn't have passed it out of all Republicans voted against him Franken yes he could Every Republican voted against it 93 every one every single Republican or Raleigh is that you I might stand corrected there Well, we'll look it up Frank and you might you do it is or Raleigh, I do stand corrected Franken. Yeah, or Raleigh are you sure? Frank and absolutely every Republican Raleigh okay, all right, we've got it on tape Which of course don't ever rerun? These are only a few examples a few pearls dread from the vast oyster bed feeding off the effluent flowing from the sewer of right wing dishonesty This book is not intended to be the definitive account of Bill Aright as lies and obnoxious behavior inevitably when this book comes out bill will employ one of his standard gambits one which has a certain crude effectiveness He'll say is that all you got out After six and a half years on the year, all you can find is my mistake in your polka I didn't win for two p-bodies that never existed and then falsely accused of journalists of lying about it That I physically intimidated your book publicists that I freaked out about this flotchy photo that I compared the current to mine Component light about it that I lied about where I grew up that I lied about my party affiliation That I gave fully numbers that well for a mom's black university enrollment and Florida and four and eight that I had no idea how Congress works And then I threatened the shoot you between the head is that all you got out is that on you got well, no Since you asked is also the fact that every once in a while you display such the pre-did difference ordinary standards of decent behavior That it makes me wonder if I really was in danger there in the stage of book airspoil America On February 4th 2003, Aravi interviewed Jeremy Glick who's father a port authority worker died in a world trade center retack Click had signed an advertisement opposing the war in Iraq and Aravi invited him on a show to explain himself Which he did modestly and eloquently until that is Aravi cut him off Aravi I don't want to debate world politics with you, Blick well why not this is about world politics Aravi because number one I don't care what you think a little while later Aravi told Glick the shut up shut up when Glick tried to explain his point Aravi told us in here cut his mic I'm not gonna dress you down anymore out of respect for your father What's the microphones and cameras are off? Glick later told Harper's magazine Aravi sent him on his way with some words of fatherly advice get out of my studio Mayer before I tear you to effing pieces Rappardous ludicrous never had the pleasure being a guest on Aravi's show but as ludicrous himself might say this Member of the hip-hop hypocrisy was a victim of the man's hypocrisy After Pepsi featured ludicrous in and for the world famous soft drink Aravi called on his viewers to start a boy cut I'm calling for all responsible Americans to fight back and punish Pepsi for using man who degrades women who encourages substance abuse and all things that hurt particularly the poor nurse society I'm calling for all Americans to say Hey Pepsi I'm not drinking your stuff you want to hang around with ludicrous you do that I'm not hanging around with you the Chloe and call brought an immediate result as he said the next day I'm a show because of pressure by factor viewers Pepsi co-related ludicrous has been fired Now I don't hold any brief for ludicrous by some of his stuff as do many members of team Franken Also my daughter dated him for a while and I have to say seem like an isle of fellow It's just that ignoring the obvious evidence of his name Aravi insist on taking ludicrous profane lyrics about prostitute Speed violence and drug use at face value according to my son Joe what he enjoys about ludicrous is his gift for playful and irreverland hyperbly That's how Joe put it in his tenth grade essay ludicrous and the master the mayor of castor bridge for which he Recede to be plus It is all artistic efforts however Aravi doesn't display the same depth touch Especially when writing about teen crack horrors, pimps vicious murders and something that Aravi calls philasio I'm referring to his nineteen ideals as fence thriller those who trespass about a serial killer who will Exact revenge on everyone who has sabotaged his rising TV career believe it or not This is a real book written by the real Bill O'Reilly There's more oh good And it's not ludicrous either 1256 four minutes to one we got the trends coming out next. I got a couple of more pages of Bill O'Reilly lines You're holy Isn't this great stuff? I'm wrote it. Let's hear it for Al Franken I like the more people with some balls, okay? I suppose that these right wing 40 below these who lie through their teeth No spins on my fat ass, or Rally the way still got it in the book. I'm whatever station that is Club of these six of QM if you're looking to replace that tired old carpeting in your home Let me tell you about something really need lamina Sirus. This is the easy low maintenance smart alternative to a Responsive natural wood flooring Lamin Sirus is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from the top names in the universe Parador pergo was in our uniform and quick step and all the lamina Sirus floorings installed by pergo certified installers Here's another reason to call lamina Sirus their prices are so low It'll probably not you on the floor right now you get their fall special for just 1495 bucks Just 1495 gets you up to 295 square feet of Beautiful unbeatable lamina wood flooring. It is positively unbalatable and lamina Sirus will make any legitimate written offer to For a free and home estimate with no obligation call lemons rust toll free one 8777773336 nothing to be easier They make it simple for your free carpet disposal free furniture moving a 25 year warranty and then you get years and years A beautiful easy to care for lamina wood flooring call lamina Sirus today toll free and tell the cranky old Neil for do call 1 877773336 You became obvious that they wanted me out of the magazine is rodent a hold of its replacement creatively and kept me away from my staff I said bye bye Keep my money goodbye by said bye bye. Keep my money goodbye and then how can you two issues and then they soon magazine when from nice to the queen of me sweaty bits bro events not when everything went bad for rosy She went in so walked away in disgust She went not home rosy thought she went boss oh she's new them they sooner Sounds like rosy can use rain and burn who will win no one knows it's a sin sure it blows Just don't throw good balls and just Because 560 WQM swing way out Franken were so many numbers yet or what? What numbers numbers what you're getting right now? Are you cereal? I'm cereal sure sure Are you sure well what are they good better in different just the 12 plus right now but up at 10th of a point if that's any indicator I'll pretend to have a point 12 plus in other words that that would be pretty good That would be pretty good if we answered because we're dropping off that big July, maybe I got just a couple more pages of the Al Franken book and then Let's anybody think I'm gonna waste any more of this hour with calls Miguel We should love it because he can just sit back and uh Yanke it go seriously I On our website there's an article, but it's so important and so Especially in Florida, okay after the whole channel business or what's the BBC saying the tolls of Tony Blatt oh Voting machine voodoo democracy and risk by calling redmin, you know more and more we're heard about this Diabold scandal, you know Right wingers are doubled who at manufacturers electronic voting machines and the fact that there's we there's some stuff in here That's gonna make you drop a load in your pants And won't be the kind of load that you're hoping for. I'm telling you right now Oh, so I don't I know where the scream rate my banana right now because you got fill. Let's see W life or look at that you're still number one over all the whole week 12 plus but a big drop Maybe they're actually some living and reading people made a conscious choice to turn on a radio as opposed to listening to slush in the background And now here the carpenters, you know life and that's sad and You want to know why cuz there's a lot of doctor and dentist orpuses and there's a lot of old people Let's what's wrong with some Florida too many old people and too many everybody's a doctor doctor or minister, right? Right All the darkies they're all ministers and everybody also are Cubans are like doctors with magnetic bracelets And all the Jews have got some kind of speciality like you know pretending to be a doctor like an ad agency W ed rfm five yeah like good times right by my thanks for the check down We still hate you like poor you an idiot and you wouldn't write you wouldn't all piece of copy if you found it in your ass EDR look at that for consistency time for first with a 5.5 CMQ oh no Well not really much change it power took a little bit of a dump or sorry a kid's Kirby. We like you a lot you're a good guy So let me see you're distracting me You know easily I'm distracted well anyway, let me just go back and finish this about the bill or Riley lying splotchy bully In his own artistic efforts however, or Riley doesn't display the same death touch especially when writing about teen crack wars Vicious murders and something that are Riley calls falacio I'm referring to his 1990 it's dispensed through those who trespass about a serial killer Well as that revenge on everyone who sabotages teeth rising TV career Believe it or not this is a real book written by the real bill or Riley Here's one of my favorite scenes in which the killer Shannon Michaels seduces Ashley Van Dure on the tabloid reporter I should warn you because of the turd jid pedestrian pros and frank sexual nature of the following young children and English majors My want to skip ahead Was now wearing only brief white panties she had singled her desire by removing her shirt and skirt and by leaning back on the couch He closed her eyes concentrating on nothing but Shannon's tongue and lips He gently teased her by looking the areas around her most sensitive Erogenous zones then he slipped her panties down her legs and within seconds his tongue was inside her moving rapidly In ludicrouses hit album word of mouth which my son tells me means word of mouth There are depictions of four murders and those who trespass there are six murders One of which involves jamming a spoon through the roof of the victims mouth and up into his brains them Oralees book also depicts a 15 year old crack or performing this fulation business on her pimped robo Say baby put that pipe down and get my pipe up While ludicrous like or rally enjoys describing oral sex scenes There are none on his album involving a train crack a teen crack or however when it comes to the use of words the effort and bitch Oralees simply can't compete managing a mere 51 variance of both words ludicrous on the other hand It's used a commandingly with a hundred nine fs and bitches a better than two and one advantage Perhaps it later there's similar taste for profanity oral sex and and these things Oralee had second thoughts about his g-hod against ludicrous because five my hose That's what that word was hose oralee had the second thoughts about his g-hod against ludicrous because five months later He denied that he ever called for a boycott. I simply said I wasn't a drink Pepsi while that guy was on their payroll He said no boycott was ever mentioned by me another lie I think Bill Oralee unquestionably has talent and not just a talent for lying and I'll admit I sometimes find this program entertaining Especially when he runs circles around a particularly in F guest like a man with lazy eye and speech impediment Who came on the fact that the man writes for child molest juice that can be good sport But at the end of the day you have to ask yourself if it's worth emotional capital necessary to try to change Bill Oralee I believe it is I did hope that Bill Oralee could be saved from himself because frankly I don't think Bill Oralee likes Bill Oralee although it clearly has no love for me I want him to know that I love him and that when his book comes out I'd be delighted to reach out to Bill Oralee by coming on his program and giving my chance to a apologize for his lies and his lies about lies I know it would be cathartic When the last lie had been apologized for the world we would see we would see a new Bill Oralee fair open minded genuinely impartial Perhaps this new Bill Oralee TV program wouldn't be as successful as his old one But the important thing is that if he doesn't come the raging storm inside the man may well be headed for a crackup Oh one last thing about the splotchy photo I've been planning to have a desplot by the top guy in the field the three days after our B.E.A. encounter Bill's publisher an agent called my publisher and said he was threatening to sue if I didn't take his picture off the cover Good move. So there you are Bill and all your splotchy glory What was it anyway some poisoning a touch of the Irish flu and allergic reaction to some shellfish You need netty heritage foundation event not that it believe you if you told me There you go. There's the chapter on the bill around neck rate. That is great not that I'd believe you even if you told me Excellent. I squatter Al Franken I say Michael more from president Al Franken for VP. What do you say? I'm rude of Chris. Oh right. I'm rude of Chris for second to his state Here we go That we Chris yeah, no, but you've got a jam ball for there before you jam in a different way Yeah Okay Let's get to these numbers baby don't any forget that William Redmond piece see this is a very much like last year Whatever it was I though seven months whatever was Today, I'm just inspired to just have a lot of stuff. What you're mixing it up now we're making up We had a few calls today a couple of match. They were pretty good and then we had the usual well, you know mouth readers But they're just some stuff. I feel compelled the spirit of Christ compels me and I want to be That's any Christ he's done a street Persians 12 plus life 5.5 tied with EDR for Numodo Uno See and now I'm sure you must have other stuff that you're holding back incoming CM Q and the power time for third was 4.7 that's about a 7th test of a point drop for power 96 I'm just forward pretty good. I'm just not shorten. I'm just getting them in a stack of your mom V now see this is bad. It's a spoil and show a trend obviously Radio mom B 3.8 to a 4 4. They went up considerably so means all the suppose WMIV men in black 46 to 4 4 Rau de U a M R L C Let's look for somebody's big thing. I got the stack of the the 12 plus breakdown by day party You don't want to do it What do you mean? It's just a big stack of 12 plus numbers you don't want these We're doing I don't understand what you're talking about a big stack of 12 numbers Well of course we want them. What do you mean we don't want them? Are you crazy? Here they come have you lost it? Anyway, let me see if I W I O D 3.4 share 3.3 in this trend. I keep in mind the trends for the people who understand is a rolling three months We have four waiting book. What what is that mean? It means that your mama I would be 3.3 what about Q I am 2 a to a 2 9 and the Q one up look at that a Q one up like 20 thousand that's good Because our Q we need to boost that baby up especially if anybody can hear our crappy A M signal would really help Now, let's see what about some of these other stations like fox sports W r f x Let's take a puke at that number, okay Oh no From they were making a little bit of progress in the last one from a 0.7 to a 0.6 Are you sure I'm looking right at it? Is that bad or what? Huh? I don't know if I can fuck sports 0.7 or 0.6 waves double. What's that station in Mr. Eagle was on W N M A is that it? If you show up in the summer book, they got a 0.4 now and what's that FTL of the thing is that a 50? Yes, because Norma's always talking about W and that the one at D 4 was on yes, well I don't see it do you Know I aborted the taxing of the 12 plus numbers to start taxing of the many team plus numbers. All right, they're good We're flat I think Well, but that means that's good. Don't you understand? No, I do understand if we're flat that's good. Okay. It's bad if like a journey fosters flat It's bad if a caring carpet was flat all I guess at this point don't make so much difference No, seriously, I don't see I don't see FTL on here And they're actually in the market It The 15 notes it's a Palm Beach thing and they're there some more if they got a big signal and everybody's oh W I have you know the fact Jim Sarnie was writing that crap about well all you savvy sports listeners They got this and they got that I listen to what on Friday a little bit of it was crap It was all about the Charles Osgood from CBS it was all about to network crap and I'm not a news Huh, it was news it was canned garbage. Although the signal wasn't that the signal was great Hey, we should only have a signal like that who were in Palm Beach my god our signal blows and it's America We got these numbers. Okay. What's about what about the morning 6 to 10? I'll see again This is kind of like a mood point. You know what I mean right warm up I OD was flat 35 to a 35 6 to 10 a.m And 12 plus over all which would you write these don't mean anything, but it's something talk about look at that The morning is 240 with 27 that much to be in the for Ralph fact you're not the Aralee factor the for Ralph factor or maybe it was Mo Maybe Mo caught on absolutely out it Make sure you put on the hole. He's moving up to what he's moved up to a strong third on our poll today Nice gone Mo you to man because you give out all the crap you could unwrap all the time So he was sick this morning, huh? I Shutter off the window even here. I show her hey Mo was sick this morning everybody's going right high five and each other hey that's good news It's that a goal leaf school that we're going go Mo go far away and soon Maybe he'll die or something bad one 13 at five 60 speaking I'm Mo if you got a silly looking hairpiece Okay, if you got like we're silly hats like Miss Fudge or if you got like you know take your take your hairpiece for a walk Every couple of times an hour the answer is Chuck Alphi or a because Charlie doesn't monkey around with dead animals things like that He doesn't monkey around with drill and holes in your head and certainly not with dangerous pills that don't the girl Falkal but take a lot of money out of your wallet the answer is the natural hairline system Charlie's been doing this for guys for our coonsage for many many years That is correct working with the famous and not so famous and everybody in between because even if you had millions and billions of dollars You couldn't get a better look in peace than Charles's natural hairline system because it looks like real hair like it belongs on your head like it's going out of your scale as opposed to Sam Donaldson and as opposed to a what's his name Rick who's the coach of the Panthers now Rick Dudley He put the Dudley and on his head and you have nothing lose but you're ugly balls, but because everybody gets Charlie's 38 Guadante You wear the piece for 30 days if you don't love the way looks and feels and smells if you're not getting action 15 20 40 times a day Returns for a full refund so like I said nothing lose, but that shiny glaring ugly balls, but they make you look so old and bad too And if you mention your rages when you call you next to 200 bucks off the regular already low price So call that toll free never gets some hair back from Chuck Alphay. We're in looks sensational like a real mench even if you don't know what that means call 1-800-3212413 1-800-3212413 or Log onto us prestigious website Charles Alphayore.com 2-A-M It's a bitch Welcome back to the highly rated at Mo Howard and David in the show According to my own navigation. Okay, stop it. Where were we? We with the witness. Oh, you were doing that for me. Oh, yeah, sorry, no That's better Oh Mix I didn't see you coming Well Run Day Get glad My what you poof Wrong Well the as?, going to buy three very important co-票ers on the line. Him And we got one or not three ever he input은 callers on the line502 So wait a year What do you want? Come on spit it out You know this thing they got them thing you say and what do you do it? Oh, that's quite understandable why you are sometimes You're going to be Oh Almost there Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh I think it's the way I get it all over my way. Yeah, we know we shot. I think I lost that story. I was just gonna read people say. Oh, thank you I'll set yeah In the middle of the pie got all these piles of stuff. Maybe I should make candid Can you believe that about the voting thing? Well, that's okay because it's on our website so during the next break I'll like click on it and print it out again. I really do. I think I lost it I would be bad wouldn't it Well, that's what happens when you got all these piles and piles of crap So anyway, man, we went down a little bit, but I thought you were dropping off a pretty damn strong Jewage alive, but the amazing part of this trend is after no one stayed flat And they were dropping off a huge huge Jewelye which means they continue to have an a huge huge October at the Marlins It's kind of the thing to do with the Marlins the Marlins stunt man the Marlins But I look at did you look at the nights? Yeah, I did in Sprythalo and play off in a world serious the nights actually went down from a five to a seven to a four point three What else are you sending me back here that I'm hearing persons 25 54 18 to 35 No, I don't want that Oh, we don't want that you wasted my fast people going to chop down all the maple trees here, man I'll be crap it around with 18 to 34 25 54 persons and that's it. I don't want all this crap Plus cuttering up my life So what are we looking at overall and the amazing part of this isn't of course we're still number one And many but we had a little bit of a drop off in the number but We're number one Many team plus number one station of market WM continuing to shock in the confound with a five point six share in this trend Next WCM QFM with a four point eight and number two no spaghetti in glaze life 4.7 life got a lot of young menless than right Radio man B 4.6 I told it was a spongebob, EDR 4.5 WI with D down from a four to a four three You know what ought to be interesting on here. Let's see this is um was rush after in a sting or what? That's a good question part of it. Oh cover right I do believe part of this he was off so let's see 10 to three we got a six seven down from a seven two but still number one CMQ 5 5 I OD 6 3 to a five five. You see that right he's been off for a second Huh he was off for five weeks right Yeah, but I think most of that was like it'll be shopping in November book in November month. I would think you think you just because it's like from the middle of October Like to the middle of a yeah a lot of that will so anyway there you go with that middle mornings mornings Interesting though 4.8 number four in men to a 5.2 number three in these three months. The only problem is you know what the problem is Yeah, no, we don't know I'll take your children Salam just some Haitians. Yeah, see he's gone now Sweden or whether that's gonna have a negative to a fact on the next trend whether it's gonna we don't know only time will tell Because maybe the big number tomorrow. He might have been moat. We doubted very seriously even when we did a lot better in the summer. We thought he might have been a moment I don't think I've ever well, I'm almost say ever But I can't believe I ever had something standing by that I felt so strongly about that. It was been like read on the year and then just apparently Schmidt can Well, I hope you find it would might have to take a call. I Bigger part Yeah, I beg your pardon No, I don't I don't I don't see it. I think it disappeared I think a bunch of fascists came in here while I wasn't looking while I was Stately all these numbers together and stole my freaking story not so I was reading the Al Franken book Which I thought was pretty damn entertaining and amusing and fascinating Even though some of the people out there. Oh gee. He's reading you're not taking enough calls again Well, let's let's take one here's line six Q a M yeah I'm counting on the Talk on and are you guys running local show right now? How big are you pardon? Are you guys running the local Show right now or station now you listening to sir Q a M 5 60. Yeah, then how come you don't know what the show will running? Okay, I'm not working. I don't have the radio on. Yeah, well if you're not listening You just got through saying you're listening these five 60 Q a M Who is this who are you calling? I guess I'm calling the Neil Rogers show no, this is a recording though. No, it's not it's a recording Well, I'm I'm over what do you ask why would you ask if we're running a local show? What does that mean? Well, sometimes in 70 local radio stations they have Mashle indicated share that we don't have any of those I'm a boy like why like dumb limbo. We don't create a crap exactly. Well, I have a local from Toronto Can I talk about football real quick? No, of course not Yeah, how do I told you we need to get that he's not listening He doesn't have any idea what we have on a year. Can he talk about football real quick? No first not you jackass? Thank you. Thank you for that But I told you let's take some calls what do you say? No, I can print that story out during the next break And I wish you I don't know 18 to 34 you send me all this crap and I couldn't you just stop before you did Why do we care about this this is so Out of Harley you know, it's so uh I mean power 12 sticks to attend five there's still number one just barely aging out EDR for anybody who cares any you punks M i b 10 one to nine five down from second to third Zeta five six to a five four 18 to 34 we care what about Zeta in the morning you've a close personal buddy What the poly man? Huh should we take a look at what he's got 18 to 34 not a one Let's say six to 10 AM 18 to 34 W E D R eight nine Well, how's that possible what happened to you? You know who who Where does Howard? Oh, that's right. He does 18 to 34 persons not man He went back up again how it's firm not the Howard you're thinking about let's see Zeta seven one was seven two the number four Person's 18 to 34 what am I looking for here? This is of no interest to anybody your sign track in me But I'm trying to find a story about the big sorting machines. Huh, but let's story I do like their last call or he was magnificent 10 midday 18 to 34's not our demographic although it might be fairly interesting to see if we We need to take a bath there if we need to take a bath hit two five with two five that's persons That means we got like almost a five and not great not too bad same flat which means we do okay We'll take it. We'll take it. We'll take whatever we got because we're number one dammit That last call was spectacular. He was that was the epitome of a doing this show in South Florida's all about I'm sitting here. Are we all that stuff from the out-franken book? I go through we got the ratings out here All of the stuff that we're doing. We got a really interesting poll over here, which I'll eventually get around a 10-day how it's gone and the call Doesn't know what the hell we're doing. What show we've got on a year doesn't know who to hell he's talking to but can he talk about football for a That's it. Let's go. No, no, seriously sports radio is evil. I hate to use that term, but it is evil It's an evil grotesque horrendous thing And the people the the sports nerds are including the ones inside the building these are people who really are a detriment to the future of the human race Make no mistake of booted. Okay I mean that would be like my putting on a goddamn audio from leaf TV or something What about the the issue that our caller Alex raised the beginning of the same when we said look what Joe new and Dijk did Joe new and Dijk one the Stanley cop was the best player in that auto-wash series about him jersey like I mean, yeah, how would that be? That would be criminal. Wow. I once joined the one that coming back already come on corn and I'll Joe. Let's get with it pussy 26 after one a QM hey when it comes to having your carpets clean all you need to be thinking about is two words dry concepts that's it Because they've been in business in town for like 20 five years now 24 25 in my home over 20 years They've been doing it right and with a holiday season coming up very very quickly now There's never been a better time than right now to have your carpets clean taking out the schmutz the oil and germs Making them look and smell and feel just like brand new that they've accumulated over the summer months all that stuff My concepts that's the standard in the carpet cleaning business because do the only ones in the world who really dry clean your carpets? It's an exclusive patent and method same ideas directly into your clothing which takes out all a crap and leaves your carpet sparkling clean Vibbert and color and smelling like I said only moments ago Lemon-e fresh and all their technicians are school. They know their crap and your carpets are dry in a couple of hours You got the biggest smile on your post because you won't believe how fantastic like brand new they can make them look that's the truth And they give you written guaranteed price up front so unlike most of the other carpet cleaning companies in the world with our famous for scans After the job you never have to worry about that. Let me say to again a written guaranteed price before they start even doing the work And you can also say 15% on your next carpet cleaning Ask about that when you call dry concepts toll free and 1-800-248-5071 get your carpets and all your other stuff your area Rive is draper your poultry looking just like brand new and time for the holidays call 1-800-248-5071 or get more info under great work If you do for an air website at dryconcepts.com Coming up tonight uninsigned of a high in the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story He came up on the Mean Streets of South Central Los Angeles putting a cabin people's ass and dealing drugs He was Montel Jordan I Actually you guys got it wrong. I wasn't part of all that gang stuff until Jordan and African American hip hop Refer actually wanted us to believe that he didn't go around killing people and writing ohs all night I had strong parental figures man. That's what it was all about I Shoot all the violence and all that oh oh you issued The violence you issued Look you don't have to use $10 worth to make us think you went to college. I did go to college I got a degree in communications from pepper dine. I stayed in school. I went to church Come on, dude. We're doing a story on a rap artist just play along and be a thug, all right Gang stuff as you people put it. No way. I'm here to tell you that that thanks to a hit song You were able to get out of the ghetto stop doing crack and get all the bling bling and booty you want No, I you what don't even try it mister The last thing we need is litter at well-spoken people of color like you scouring up a gold mine for the record industry Okay, you guys better watch it or else I would what oh rift a put a cap in your ass That's the spirit Montel Jordan We knew he'd come around to our way of thinking if by thinking to mean perpetuating racial stereotypes and the interests of commerce Yeah, it's a big juicy shopping with look at show business tonight An inside the behind all right 133 at five 60 WCM 404 votes on a poll so quietly they've been a cast near vote on a thing behind our back What was the number one bad idea of last century united nations creation of Israel in the middle of a billion people who hate them 84 Supreme court stopping Florida whole count in 2007 WQM getting giving more Howard David in his own talk show 44 A respectable third US Congress approaching book in teaching bookman for lying about blow jobs 31 Secret service 1963 for going the bubble top and the limo in Dallas 29 Algor picking jewelry ribbon for running way 21 LBJ escalating west involvement Vietnam 18 marsher Clark allowing a nearly all black tree 15 Chris Dart must have OJ trying to clubs 15 Hitler opening the second product against Russia 15. Thank goodness Coca Cola changing its recipe is got the Doesn't So let's give it a coke okay, I mean if Bill O'Rodic and attack Pepsi let's attack coke Okay red socks on selling paper with the Yankees to finance the Broadway show 12 the FCC deregulating broadcast industry 11 Neville Chamberland Munich agreement on peace on our time 11 US Congress passing prohibition six Syndicate is giving magic Johnson TV show four lawmakers creation of NAFTA three how's that FTA? Go on hey And you're a Gandhi we still we get a talk a lot of that The I'm sure the six will make excellent bodyguards three the fox network Tavitation show two and Ford motor company with the etsl only one out of 400 and some both because nobody This crowds old enough to remember the etsl except the soulfarts and they don't have computers I did that print is out again by the way, but this so you feel better about why you Colleen Redmond Who's a writer who lives in Virginia and wrote this for common dreams.org Foding machine voodoo democracy at risk She says I got my first taste of electronic voting on election day this past November all the Lever voting boots were still being used in my county a touchscreen computer was available and people lined up to try it I was surprised that no one I spoke to there was aware of the controversy surrounding electronic voting No one seemed to know that computer scientists all over the country of horn that electronic voting is open to corruption Or that John Hopkins researchers studying the problem at least reports alive 20 turd stating Our analysis shows that this voting system is far below even the most minimal security standards applicable to other contexts In the days following over fourth I looked through local town and city newspapers to see if any voting news stories Would mention these concerns, but the stories that we're all about the novelty of the new touchscreen machines How easy it were to use or how people are resistant to change Most Americans believe that the voting fiasco of the 2000 presidential election florida was caused by outdated voting practices But this was only part of the problem in a June 2000 article titled Florida vote rifle disparities Studies says rights panel finds blacks penalized the Washington Post reported this Florida's conduct of the 2000 presidential election was marked by injustice ineptitude and an inefficiency That unfairly penalized minority voters the US Commission on Civil Rights has concluded in the report that criticizes Topstate officials especially governor Jeff Bush and secretary of state Katherine Harris For allowing disparate treatment of voters the article went on the site the 167 page final draft report Estating that overzealous efforts to purge state voter list was effected in a widespread disenfranchisement of largely non-white voters Considering that George Bush prevailed a rail group by as little as 530 votes in Florida that many thousands of voters And they put on the Democratic precincts were wrongfully turned away at the polls one could conclude that the election was determined Due to this disenfranchisement rather than the contested vote count Still the hang chads and butterfly ballots got to blame in Florida an official scramble reform voting systems Corporate vendors and lobbyists swarmed capital hill but promises that high-tech computer voting was the way to reform Congress passed the help America vote act and allocated nearly four billion dollars for two new new technology Corporations who manufacture electronic voting systems and benefit from million dollar contracts Have vigorously assured the public that their systems are secure but Academic researchers aren't alone in their criticism electronic voting Recently a military information technology contractor S.A.I.C. was commissioned by the state of Maryland to access the controversial Touch screen voting machines and found them to be at high risk of compromise A private researcher inadvertently came across unprotected voting system files on the website of DiBold the leading voting machine manufacturer and then posted them on the internet to show how easy electronic voting is to corrupt The researcher Bev Harris author of black box voting reported that the files included diagrams of remote communications set up Passwords and Christian keys source code use your manuals and more Although none of the local newspapers are read reported voter mistrust of electronic voting a look at nationwide storage on the subject Does indicate that public confidence in this voting process is eroding and October 31st Association associate and press story by Robert Tanner worries grow over new voting machines reliability security List the main concerns of electronic voting is lack of confidence because there's no verifiable receipt of one vote Inability of conductor recounted a no physical record of the vote and fear of election fraud because the computer's on secure enough Hackers can get in and manipulate election results Concerns about voter fraud could be more than theoretical and even though computer technology is prone to shut down and error Electronics voting machines already are widely in use and more expected to be coming Already there have been problems and conflicts of interest that race suspicions Recently the chief executive of Dival unbelievably claim that he was committed to helping all high-o deliberate Electrical votes to the present next year Former conservative radio talk show host and curver public in the US Senator Chuck Hagle was also on a hot seat When it was revealed that just prior to a sense editorial campaign he had ownership in the voting machine company that counted his winning votes and didn't disclose it Why were there three Republican candidates and canal county Texas declared victors never respective races by the exact same margin of 18 181 votes why did die bold post a California county's election tally's on its website before the polls closed In Georgia it's been recently reported a dibald installed patches on its voting machines before the state's Coventura election that were never certified by independent testing authorities In California the state is launching an investigation into alleged illegal tampering with electronic voting machines in a San Francisco big area county Since the SAIC findings the same companies who assured us their voting systems were secure are now just as vigorously Assuring us that they'll fix the problems the insist that they'd never had But should private corporate industries with possible vested interest in lunch and results have such control over our most fundamental Unessential democratic act should their computer programs that tele voting machines how to tell evotes Continue to be allowed to be held as trade secrets the computer voting industries like a financial institution that doesn't keep records Would we accept such loose data? It's from a bank that holds our money Representative Rush Hold is sponsoring legislation that would require electronic voting machines to produce an actual paper record So that voters could verify their vote in election judges will have a paper try trail to follow I Erred citizens of all political persuasions to contact their representatives and let them know they support this step in a right direction I think we should all inform ourselves on the electronic voting issue and ponder what the John Hopkins study concluded We must carefully consider the risk inherited electronic voting as it places our very democracy at risk Wow, and as somebody I know would say go for yourselves accordingly. Do you want the persons 2554? Sure, okay, bring them on baby 20 till 25 60 WQA. I'm a big news for you. How the party at GMC speaking of ratings they're rated number one The number one party at GMC dealer in all the county and satisfaction effect. I'm sure the time layman is your creator We're like to join us and saying just like we are QM what he's rate the transit came out today Join us and saying And thank their lower customers for a Zidin years 35 plus and at same location for their support Stop by Halipadiak right now check out the party at vibe normally retails for over 20 grand but right now And how that you can buy it fully loaded for just 16 five plus tax and tag and as always How it should cut headquarters over 300 and stuck to two some right now including the Yukon and Yukon Excel and come and soon the amazing Onvoy SUV the most unique SUV on a market anywhere And like you've been doing for a long time over there at hell of great kneel deals are waiting for your Day in Halipadiak GMC you'll find it 1 34 all one South Dixie Highway that's us one across in the falls open every day Seven days a week for the latest called the new Rogers Neil the hotline tool free 1 AAA 534 42 11 that's one AAA 534 4277 keep in mind all offers Subdit credit approval see our friends in Halipore details that's at the one and only Halipadiak GMC who be on by any measure are Professional grade See listen your brothers Now are you okay hey Palm Beach County You aren't Fat I was That At this great someone's got the noodle right thing Or will be countrooms till spring So what's the difference with the final score? Just give it to George Bush or give it to go Well, that's a message One of you must go ahead should do the right thing Got the pin Or will be countroom till spring Cause either way They know it was a time So I wonder why Please tell me In this thing Pick a king Hand-calling ballots Hands are ridiculous, they will be at it till spring Mobile guys and go burns They're petty and small They don't have the phone Neither could run A store in a mall Even a goofy day is all It makes no difference Which mark wins this thing Let's wrap up the counting by spring Let's give it to Nader Or bad you can You're the racist such a fool Or maybe parole Will toss his hat back in How about I leave me be a little bit better Or her best friendling As long as we don't have the countills spring Or big news is 147 a QM look at this Well, you see this one Michael Jackson Michael Johnson Jackson's never laying ranch I might maybe he had suffered some sort of stress or color He was he in the Angela's We know that Or his whereabouts We just don't know You know I should say parenthetically I wonder where his three children are He has three children of his own Are they in time? They are fool The police fan out across Neverland Are they somewhere else? Are they in Vegas with Michael Jackson? I think I'll further help We just can serve this personnel Looking for them These again it's early This is still a developing story We just don't have those answers Of course and we don't want to put you in a position I think you are in a speculate I'm in a big time very much for court TV A court search and Michael Jackson's never laying ranch Thanks so much Diane Wow what did they huh? Wait a game marriage thing the Massachusetts Supreme Court said why not? Then say go ahead and do it but they said well why not? I noticed you stopped sending me the 2554 is there any special reason for that or No, I said the stock you did sure Oh well he never came through Maybe my sheen just got tired you know after the first 500 pages I'll go check it out Tell me where anyway I want them Reef acts from there A bigger part Tell me what you want Tell me what you want me to do your whistle of tune I got to hear a little bit first fire it off There's no more reason why I shouldn't be printing there was a little A paper little paper shortage but I was some paper in there That's okay just keep but eat away all the maple trees 149 let's take a few calls here so we pretend like we bounced it out here today, you know But you think I'll just get it Miguel you have to answer because it's always bad. It's not a good move. I wasn't going to See I try to get you off the hook with that but you just just rolled times say 560 50560 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line over I told you it was gonna be a pressure packed Dad could sense it I could feel that I could smell it or maybe that was screw in WQA in Hello, yes, sir Did my own it sounds just like you I was One of the get the answers from I think I deserve these answers on the title to them Well, what does that mean? It's been changed. Oh, it's an idiot Well, who is this phone's a little warbly today? Okay, you're in telly and title our foot up your ass. I'm just me. I mean all of us deep inside your actome. Okay, you're entitled them And by the way, they don't want you with the track no more 560 75050 560 they don't mind the homo no more some old, but they don't want you no more. How do you like that? Reven joins you idiot. By the way, this is the cat. You look like a clown WQA QAM with a radio turn way up What are you speaking? Speaking What are you retired on for boring boring WQA and hello Okay, QAM hello Yes, sir. How you doing? Not much Okay, I thought thank you for everything you do and what's up Miguel's list? Did he sound like a bookcase dude? What's up? Yeah, he's fruity. She's all he's doing. He's all gonna teach you. You know? Yeah, he does he does okay get out of here See I told you it's we good to get some calls in here to prove my point was you've always proven Oh so months were really magnificent and fantastic because no matter what it is We could have like World War Three breaking out here right in the middle of the show and he's the same callers that you just heard They still have it on there Is there any doubt about it? No, there's no do- Oh yeah, and also let's talk about them dolphins. What do you say? What a win on Sunday Oh man that was really heavy heavy duty just shook me at my roots my fruits by the way when we go put some and so fruity. We were placed I'm gonna get him some lip balm George Schmerodonum 151 at five 60 WQM. Hey if you're underpaid and overworked like poor Miguel Who's better put up? I'll be picking on him. He's better put up with that bitch to arena every day Maybe you'd like to get out of your crappy job and get you into a new high pain career You just don't know where to turn what to do where to go You don't have to cash in the time to spend four years in college getting some kind of a third degree Here's the answer one simple call could change your life call fast rain toll free. It's one eight six six fast rain They can have you train and certify for a high-paying computer network professional career or a High-pay medical computer specialist grin is little as four months four short easy months out of your life to really make a big change for the positive and get some cash make a living get a life That's right. They can have you fully train ready for that new job in as little as four months Which means December January for by the spring fast rain offers day evening a weekend classes job placement assistance and even Financial aid for people who qualify with four soft load locations it just makes sense You don't have to be a rocket scientist to figure it out. There's about everyone close by you So check them out of the web first at fast train.com and then make that call that could change your life forever Give you a real job a real sense of something in your life and a big fat paycheck to call 1 866 fast train Are you fudge back in You It's an asshole celebration and they're all out on the street See them on the sidewalk Oh There's We've got the assholes Just been a half-horse-crime, half-horse-horse, half-horse-horse-horse-horse-horse-horse, all time You got half-horse making money, making all the rules You're taking all our jobs, you're feeling a side-screw And I close on water, I close on the sky And I decide to sell one of the assholes in the fly Or teach you all to tell me, am I really made a great Who's my head like weights for a-fire Just another mass, uh-on, rain I saw him get the orders and I saw him grow the boat. I saw him get elected as assholes get to the boat. I once heard his phone tell that I saw him never die. I just made him be the only line. I saw him running as over the night. I saw him live never saw him grow the boat. I saw him grow the boat. I saw him grow the boat. I saw him grow the boat. I wanted him to gather the phone there. What did he do with all of the extras in my phone? What did he do? He did. What did he do? He did. He did. That was a beautiful thing. I love that. That was very exciting. Got emotional about that. For 161 votes on our pool, you went creating Israel in the middle of a video in people who hate him. Not a good idea. 93. The worst idea. The number one bad idea of last century. Supreme Court stopped in the Florida Holt County, 2000, second, 77. And the mole man who gave him more how a dividend is on show a very respectable third. Of salute to 55. Hey, don't go away after the show. What is it? Don't go right off after the show. Why is that? Stop has to talk to you. Oh, I don't want to talk to her. But you've got to. I still don't have no more 25. Where did it leave on? It left off. But leave on. Elton, joblessing, and leave on. I said no way. I just, oh, I got was like about the first three pages to a few pages. A phenomenal. And he just stopped. I don't want to assume it's like operator on your end. Anything like that on a machine down there to QM equipment. But it just might be. You never know. Here we go again. Here we go again. Hey dog is a sitting by. He's going to be a workout to a frenzy next. You got the Humpurage Shuelas. And that's yesterday, right? Humpur is in the studio. The big 7-10, EDK-10 and Jula Mark over now. Bye, bye, bye. I don't have a penis. I don't believe it. Absolutely.