Neel's teaching me how to count and state my money because I'm gonna need it when QAM does me So yeah, I'll hook you up with a real good stock broker Mitch Hirsch By the way, the Dow is down Bob To the man and the next up one point something thanks What the hell we need that third burger runner we can sit here look how to do there's my old buddy David Ted Tell me I'm making fun of me when I'm doing my financial update to get my sponsor Yeah, I can do that right before my sure we did it sounds like sabotage. No, I'm doing it at nine four Financial stuff did for Rick and I was spud. I went to the hockey game And then you tell me that the beast is taking the banana and trying to inject you into that whole UM says pool down That's bad. Yeah, you don't want to you don't want to like oh look at what you're here today We have macaroni grow going shrimp I beg you, Pernie? Great shrimp over here. I love the macaroni grill and they love me as matter fact I just don't like that old black sample guy that gets up on the table with those big shoes How about your baton that old man River and you ever see that? I thought your boy fat boy Hi, how he hasn't freaking got me my dial-a-matter shed got damn Hey, we told him we're spore on the case, but he's just still laying down on the job I think he's need a face. Why don't you do? Why don't you judge give me the contact so I can go do another deal. He's laying down when he can write down to what he is my contact I Mean something about scalping Todd Drek. I always do I like for real Help his ass. Yeah, the land comes in here every morning and worse a little flash I mean she wants to do she really can they all do? What's that? I mean, we can't even eat any deep breathing Hey, you know, I saw last night your buddy Jeff Rivers that high. Yeah, oh He's so in other words you were the guy that was at the game you and Scott Yeah, I was the only winner. I'm sure nobody else and an intern Brian who give Scott a great deals on American Airlines Don't you love the way they put these things in a box store 13,274 if there was 7,000 people Or last night my name is mole Howard David it okay. I was What you doing your birthday? There was nobody I didn't do crap. I got sick. Oh That is we what's the weather like it's that'll be 46 little on a murky side What are you not running it's not raining? It's we've already just cats and dogs here Oh, we're here today. Good it's the tank old deep. Hey Tommy this When he is a weather turn to crap there just in time when I'm coming back, but also I'm here in the world Well, you might not want to come right now because everybody the buildings got strip throat and Greg is running around showing his His disease his trophy his postules his be as postules to everybody Dally pardon says she wasn't always pretty Yeah, she always had big boobs Other things don't even normal remember that chick was eight yet. Remember Morgana. Yeah, she was red You think more people are streaking at games. Yes, well, what else are we gonna do so last night? I'm watching the rubber tight. Did he good this year? I saw the rubber tie last night I know I could think of was him where they have an adion as lip right after you don't It looks you can you look at his lips of course I know what his lips look like and you have to go and last night they sag off to one side You know what that mean so I'm on on the air with Randy motor last night I saw your boy jigs and a rimmer Jugs yeah, I've been said he wanted to beat your ass other than that everyone was pretty much My fans in asshole man. Have you ever met him? What an asshole has he's got an ego as big as mine We should share a tax return more on that's true He's got no he's he goes in bigger Newers He's a legend in his own mind. Yeah, I what was that thing you did the other day? Uh, running that I don't what was it some military PBS thing you were running? What were you taking a dog or something yesterday was some CBC? That might you know my dad was listening to that and I was listening to that and I was just You know what what was that thing you were doing? What you have to you have to get permission from the CBC to run that course not It just get it right now How's it going hey they said whatever you want? I had a guy said that to be this morning that's no dog good there in the organization organization organization So you're hanging out with Randy motor and Paul these all are clones I went out to lunch with Paul the yesterday and beast doesn't even read he's afraid of sourdough he's been going to meetings You have to be kidding me be going to bread meetings Next thing you'll be hanging out with what's your name what's the Donna Kalelli? You know if I find a way we got balls done and you don't use well. I think she doesn't You gotta be kidding you. You gonna tell me are you gonna tell me the QAM has balls we got a little peanuts Yeah, I know that who are you kidding? They're afraid of everything That's what he's measuring you now That's why we took the hurricanes off the billboard because we got peanuts yeah and your other sands that are so nice in the morning about the other races and then The Lisa Yeah, well, we don't have any balls. Yeah, my 40 words. I'm not a lot of trash here See I keep trying to tell you take the check to the bank get a cold a mid-tour He'll really straighten your ass out They think I have to then you only have to work till you're about 90 How many job offers do you think I get while I work here? Yeah, that right yeah, what do you think I'll do in the end of this? See you keep looking at life as a series of job offers. I mean and you're resume and your tombstone They can put a he worked a thousand jobs for 10 days of peace. You know that'll be great No, I was gonna say that he was the bridges of Navarrone and I'm a dick on my own Dick again all the time my time. That's okay. I can't say dick before 10 o'clock. I did today I think it's an end of the thing your name isn't dick. Yeah, what would you do? Dick for Roushal They said we already got a dickie feral up in Palm Beach. Did you know that why is it that they let you? You know they don't want me to do anything like I can have shirts or I can't have What would mean you can't have sure they don't want me doing anything that interrupts their cash law? Oh listen Now when are you gonna be doing your own website? I had it constructed it should be up on the air next week Stop right on that. Oh man. You think you've had problems so far just wait You realize that they already took the link to our website down I don't care what they do I'm gonna find out listen to this. I'm gonna find out. I heard you're listening to me. They took your link that way Me too are so so we immediately caused to the link to QMs website off of ours because screw them But so when you have your website and you start putting all this racing wild stuff on here They're gonna like have a cow. I'll take their name off of it if that's what they want I don't have any relation I know I'm willing to promote them if they don't want me to promote them I'll be glad to have you to do everybody do the missing link by the way I'm farting right now repetitively I think it's a sea That's a bad And don't throw on a cruise with the second abease. Can you imagine how I'm gonna see? Holy crap. I'll come back. Hey, woo. I will Think that be a bad week It would be a net one you can't walk even let me I'll tell you what thing you better pack some below. He sandwiches because they're sure not gonna leave you know food QM won't even let me I'm sending six me shoveling it down. I'm sending six people to New York to see the panthers Play the rangers and Madison Square Garden to January give away listen give away the panther tickets your be day for about an hour And then have the stock I end the end of the show by the next book we should be done and like real simple easy to deal with small digits You know what I mean? I think You have about a point three. I think that I'll go that far backwards I don't know but if you want to lose another you want to lose another bet to me all man Yeah, that doesn't make any difference you notice I don't know well You don't pan my so I'm not gonna start betting with you. I'll bet with George I get sucked in with that thing about you know all the what did I give away about 20,000 tickets for that game? Yeah, but we want to work series and I'll take another thing George and I are betting pills now over things We've had a serious, but you know to solve these shit. He'll maybe I want to take their Marlin camps back this I thought they were just on rental. Hey George and I are gonna buy the chips he'll pharmacy and just start giving the kids Phil Friends, I think that's what we're gonna stir ways of money for our charity. We're gonna like swap pills for kids Yeah, I don't want to deal with any charities I'm taking a bunch of sick kids down to meet Mary. I'll meet him on night and I'm keeping all the money In fact, we're actually need some stuff if you got any leftover He went to the seven day advanced. I'm a rich fat slob rehab center and apparently he's been fully recovered Excellent. He's not gonna eat pills anymore. He's just gonna he's gonna eat D and he's gonna smoke crack I was sick I think it's time for you to go. I think you're starting to lose it. All righty good like your backslide and futures are down clean up your act Yeah, whatever this is a bunch of who Young She's But you would use the If you and request me and be a cry for my daughter oh man Jesus just let me sit in here with my thing hangin out just in and then I doesn't want to talk about that disgusting bitch he says if you lie get cancer okay that's what she said miserable bitch oh I apologize to her I want to disgusting well I'm a said it yeah anyway we had a lot of votes on the floor yesterday even though and of course yesterday it was my birthday it gave myself a little president didn't take any calls which was great and just inundated with back says happy birthday they knew what we have about three four four that was a prime we had a card coming I think although I think it was like to the wrong address yeah so the public is really just as usual in South Florida outpouring of emotion and the love and kindness and carrying it's it's a very warm fuzzy thing that's how I play the CBC thing yesterday the fifth estate or whatever the whole thing is called what is it called die conspiracy yeah and anyway that's why I played it and of course a Scott and his dad is still trying to figure out what it was I thought I was a public service announcement and then read from the Michael Moore book which still nobody cares about any of that but I did my best and maybe they're like a handful of people out there in the audience I thought hey this is pretty interesting we're getting pissed off and fired up about it and the rest of the people are oh gee when's you gonna take some calls we got to hear some calls don't you plan here's our first call in two days two a m I'm speaking I got to turn on the radio I need you to know me down please hello Neil I just want to be the first one to say happy birthday yesterday okay thanks all righty thanks are you in Toronto are you here I'm in Buffalo I mean keep to waga go I got rag you know the only that okay Drew Blets owes a stiff 1466 votes on the podium today what's your take on the Iraq war 63.2% of our nearly 1500 votes said in Peach George W. Bush and I say those people are 9271 when Peach has asked I want to troops by the way two more dead troops I want the troops to come home 21 let's say the course it'll take time 197 right we need to send more troops for security 63 rum spell should be fired 46 and I don't care about any of it 32 her a coon fans by the way there you go B32 of your cohorts of your mindless idiots like you and clearance her a coon fans have to be 2.1% at all care about any of it as in what me worry and we should have a lot of people saying what we were we got Alfred E. Newman for president right yeah for me the name of motto we got to Bobby half-field died and in the baseball fair who died and all kinds of stuff going on into more soldiers right yeah but his county uh well we're only counting Americans in the coalition we're not kind of your rackies because it's so many thousand now we lost track and addition of which the president and rum spell can't count that high rarset he l really shouldn't give that high. Pen 13 at 5 60 W Q-o해냠. Absolutely all right sir Sniper Muhammad, just wait up there, honey. Shot lots of people in suburban DC, honey. Sniper Muhammad, his cryls at the start. He had people jumping when they heard of Baha. Mumbling, morning, went to get some ammo. Tuesday he goes shooting with his son. Wednesday they get busted by the phone. Oh! They found the gun. Sniper Muhammad, part of a psychopath. And we won't be happy till he's in the chair. Today's 18 at 5.60, WDQAM. So we got a big appearance today, right? Mickey else is going to be out there showing it. Somebody. Somebody. Somebody will be out there. What do you mean by that? Well, it's pouring cats and dogs out there. It's pitch black. Nobody wants to go out there. So they're going to have a fight over who gets to do it. And it's raining too. Well, maybe we had a post-ponent instead. If the weather's that bad, as not if I thought it was going to tell you, expect the power to go out down here on this end without notice. Well, let me know. Did it go out yet? I'll just put my feet up on the table here. Watch your playboy TV or something. Watch Harvey Levin, the screaming fruitcake talking about Rosio Don. You rent a break the lease. That's essentially what Rosio is saying that it was made so unbearable that she had a legal. We don't care about that bitch. And what was I just saying? How about we postpone it? We could do that. Yeah, tell McGill that. And in fact, all we want from him today is just a number. Just a total would be nice just a number because I'm sure that everybody yesterday being my birthday. And I didn't let people call in. See, lady was very nice that I just took that call. But we could add three hours to that yesterday. And I would not have been very illuminating or entertaining or exciting. I mean, she was great and thank you very much. But who wants to hear that for three hours, right? That they kind of went out. We could put that on the tape. Yeah, we could talk about hockey and had a point in point zero zero zero. In fact, you saw yourself last night that tremendous interest in hockey and self-floor. Well, those 4,300 people are actually there in the seats. Probably half of which were giveaways. I don't know how they're going to make it. I don't understand how that franchise is going to survive. There's nobody showing up. I mean, they can put 50,000 in the paper in a box score. It doesn't make it make them any money. It's a cram. Anyway, there's our cool question that they before we go. I'd like to get the number of McGill because I'm sure that everybody bought some of our best Neil stuff yesterday on her birthday. We're probably already sure. How do you think? Yeah, no. How many people do you think? I doubt it. We had 37,295 for abandoned per rescue as of whenever I gave me the number last time I guess on Monday. He just keeps ignoring us. Well, there ain't kids in Pizzy running. Here's the poll today. Who is or was the biggest drooling Yahoo of them all? When was I talking about drooling Yahoo? Right, but some became back because of the offset poll. That's right. That should have been on there. Drilling Yahoo is man. They just make my skin crawl. Anybody who talk like this, I know there are Mooran. I don't care how many college degrees they got. I'd raise weight from there. Oh, man. You talk about dumb. Who is or was the biggest drooling Yahoo of them all? We got a short list. And how come you didn't put Toby Keith on there yet? I wrote it on the paper. Well, he didn't put it on there. I guess. I guess Eric's psychic powers. He must have known that was your choice. He just hates you. Jesse Helm, strong thermon and Toby Keith. Just to get just for a starter there. I don't even know who Toby Keith is. You already explained it to me. Don't waste time on a year. But I don't know who that is. You will. I will what? You will know him. No. I will not know him. I'm not going to go anywhere near him. Anyway, bad news. On this story about the possible deal that we could have avoided the invading Iraq. That goes to show you right there. It's another piece of a puzzle right there. If they're fraud you doubting Thomas's and Dix out there, we'll get to that. Two more Americans killed in separate incidents. Polish major wounded in exchange of fire. Two American soldiers killed in separate incidents in your bag that along the Syrian border of the US military said today and a Polish major was seriously wounded in ambush out of the capital. A senior figure from the US led coalition war that the Americans in their allies face a rough winter of attacks by insurgents and now we're sitting in the Marines. And we're sitting in a hundred thousand troops, not in addition, but like replacement troops in the beginning of the year. Because these other people are like a little bit on the bird outside. Never expected to be there like the rest of their lives, maybe. And so. So there's going to be a lot more dead bodies as basically what it boils down to. And then you look at this story and it really makes you more pissed off. I don't want to give you my pissed off, but if you'd like to be pissed off. A possible negotiated peace deal was laid out in a heavily guarded compound and bagged dead and the days before the war ABC News has been told, but the top former Pentagon advisor says he was ordered not to pursue the deal. Because that would have screwed up all their plans, you see. This is the fix was already in. This was already engraved in stone. It was carved in granite before the even stole election. The Pinaq people already had their meeting and they decided that they were going to go in and they find some excuse. There'd be some catastrophic, a catastrophic event that would take place in and they'd have a reason to go in there. Not that we're suggesting anything. No, of course. And just was very or for a tour of this for them. A prominent levities American business man said he secretly met with a rakey intelligence officials just days after Secretary of State Colin Powell lied through his teeth and laid out the US case for the war that you went and pepper with all the maps. Got that map, he's got the Middle East peace road map, all his maps seem to be like outdated. Just like the time we bomb the Chinese embassy that time. Oops from an old map. My icon am a stake. He might haig the president of American underwriters group insurance company and known in the regions having contacts at the Pentagon told ABC News. He was first approached by an Iraqi intelligence official who arrived on an ounce of his office in Beirut. A week later according to Hague, he had an associate where asked to come to Baghdad when Hague City met with Saddam Hussein's chief of intelligence. General Tahir Habush. Later labeled the Jack of Diamonds and that silly deck of card to pick the most watered members of Saddam Hussein's regime. Habush is still at large. He was conveying a message, said Hague. He was conveying an offer. He said he laid out terms of an negotiated peace during a four-hour session beginning at Midnight at a compound in Baghdad. Hague said Habush reputed public denounced by the regime that Iraq had weapons and mass destruction, but offered to allow several thousand US agents or scientists free-wain in the country to carry out inspections. Based in my meeting with this man said, hey, I think an effort was there to avert war. They were prepared to meet with high ranking US officials. And a Pentagon said, uh-uh. No way Jose, we want that shock and awe and a lot of dead bodies. Then they got both. Now let's see, here's the fact that just came in. It's an unbelievable or maybe at this point we should expect it from the President seems that he sold Congress of Billiguds again. A couple of ways back, Congress, including Republicans voted to make part of the Iraq package repayable loans instead of all grants. Then according to Representative Harold Ford, Jr. Democrat at Tennessee when the two bills from both houses had to be reconciled and voted on again this week. The President pleaded with Congress to make all the funds grants only because if the rest of the world sees that even the US won't give grants, they won't make any of their pledge contributions at all. However, the President got this wrong to a kind of representative forward as soon as Congress voted this week for the grants. Two thirds of other pledging countries provided aid in the form of U.S. loan loans. So in other words, they're smart and word dumb. They're loading them money, but they wanted back to the guy that oiled there, which ain't gonna end any time soon. But we said, oh no, we don't want to do that. We don't want to lay all that debt on the back of the Iraqi children of the future. So we'll lay it back of all the Americans and your kids for the future for generations to come. Billions and billions and billions and billions. And everybody's going, like that. What time do you want to get me to follow? Give me the ball, give me the ball. That's kind of crap. Bad news. Too much bad news. You know, I know. Stop. Plus I got the little ear infection that I caused myself. I had like a little thing in my ear. Ever have a little thing in your ear all the time. And I, you know, kept picking it, picking at it 10. Of course, there was a lot of just fine. I picked at the scaven. Now I realize I had like a little pain in there. So I'm taking my anti-biotic again and plus George told me, stick something in there. And I did. My, it's her for everything. Yes, stick something in there. Some polysporan. In fact, you know, something's getting better already. Is that possible? Maybe is it an anal gizic? What do you mean by that? Like, on I mean, is it a pain killer? Yeah. Well, I just say anal gizic. Well, I think I'm very, some sort of kind of a pseudo intellectual split. You know, it's an anti-biotic cream. Prevents infection helps speed healing and it works fast. Like just like that. Singer Bobby Hadfield died. He died. He died. 63 years old. Have the team known as the righteous brothers of you lost at 11. Feeling fame. He died yesterday. Police said, what was the other big one? You lost that? Um, what was it? Oh, geez. Well, it's right. Brother's right. Come on. I'm saying no. There you go. I'm saying no. They stole from Al Hitler. Do you know that if I looked around here, I could find Al Hitler and I'm saying, Melody, but I won't. But I'm a record. Good. Thanks to Boca Brian who's living in the past like me. Hadfield's bought by the way, bad disk this week. Boca Brian really weak stuff. Hadfield's body was taken into Calamazoo County Medical examiner's office for an opt-up. See in the statement was to be issued later, but they don't say like when Hadfield and partner Bill Medley met an orange County California performed together for 41 years. According to the group's website, you've lost that 11. Feeling recorded in 1964. Stands is the most played song in a radio. And we are sick and nausea. We don't. We're not happy that he died. But we're sick of that song and the righteous brothers in general. So I guess you could look at it trying to find something good out of tragedy, right? Finding a little silver lying in the middle of a dark cloud. In fact, that he did die, but in of course now we're going to hear more than ever. So like I said, it's even worse. Because now there'll be all these tributes. In fact, Waxio, I mean magic, probably play like 24 hours nonstop. Other righteous brothers, those two songs, those just suck way back and forth. Because that Hamilton guy, what's his name Bob Hamilton? Torchib, whatever it is, name is he's an asshole, a pd at magic. 1027 at 560 WQAM, one of the best kept secrets in South Florida's far spine dining is concerned is right in front of your nose and cross-prings. The Gold Coast Seafood Grill just celebrated their one year anniversary and got three and a half stars from the Sun Sentinel Showtime dining review. The Gold Coast Seafood Grill's got specialties that include Mango Plum Salmon. Amen, Crested Mahi Mahi, Orange Honey Glazed Sea Bass and Craven Shrimp Stuff, Trap, and if you love seafood, you're going to love the Gold Coast Seafood Grill. Coinit George and Scott and all the other people wait for you a couple of weeks ago. There's an incredible bar atmosphere with an extensive line of our teen list. Big, gigantic martinis you could almost take a bath in them at Happy Hour only 5.5 bucks and 4 to 7 pm seven days a week. The Gold Coast Seafood Grill you'll find it in Croll Springs at 252 North University, Drive inside the beautiful Wax Shopping Center. All those gangs and Croll Springs you won't find them there. Call 9-54-255 fish for reservations and more information. You can sign outside large parties, private functions, and welcome to. So check out the best kept secret and lunch and dinner dining at all South Florida. The Gold Coast Seafood Grill and prestigious Croll Springs. Look at it, 27-52 North University Drive inside the Wax Shopping Center. The Gold Coast Seafood Grill where you'll always find great seafood that amazingly low prices. I'm not a normal person. This is Portwinier, 5-6-5. 2-way AM. The Gold Coast Seafood Grill. Gadgetcom, I'm home. Vice-piginer. Oh hi Homer, we're having chicken. Whoa! Or is it tuna? No. I don't get it. I'm a canset chicken. Oh, but it tastes like tuna. The Jessica Simpsons. It's TV's first animated reality show with two-dimensional Homer and one-dimensional Jessica. I forget it. I think it's already some popular wing. Ew, Homer. I don't eat buffalo. Don't be silly, Jessica. Everybody know the popular wings are made from chicken. Oh, let's check another scene. Oh, the Jessica Simpsons. Because people this dumb could only be in cartoons. Right? We can only pray 10-32-5-60-W-U-M-Suited to make up ring a number in a one. Shut up. Jesus Christ. See what I'm telling? It's just like that. All I'm asking from you to the chance to cancel the thing today, because it's raining. We won't raise 50 cents. You can sit there. We can just hang out with Doreen. You can hang it right out. You can take a look at it. Sniff it. But in the meantime, we need a number. We got 38,000 yet. Come at that yet. He can just sit. You don't need to like print it out. You can actually like almost 38,000. How much? 37-895. Oh, 85. So that's something for us to work on today. We only need 105 bucks to get 38,000. So maybe Greg Reed instead of running around showing his pussy oozing source to everybody in the building. See, that's a real rocket sign. Does that tells you what a moron we work for? They got strepturled going around all of it and building it to you. I am. And you think that anybody who's got it would have enough intelligence to stay the hell away from there. But if you do, if you know, feel compelled to come in here, because you're so freaking important. You don't go running around opening up your mouth and showing everybody you're oozing pussy oozing and Chancers and stuff like that. Because that's a great way to spread it. You know what I'm saying? But when you do know what a guy who spends most of his time with his finger in his head looking for where his brain was. Yeah. It sounds like that. What do you expect? You're in any it Greg. Nothing changes. So we got 37,895. Now does that include like from the internet and everything too? Yes. Oh. Well, I mean, we got 600 bucks yesterday. I'll tell you one thing. I don't know why I worked my ass off. I'm set the alarm. I got up on a clock in a morning to tape that CBC thing. So I could play the yesterday and go through the whole song and dance and edit it off to spots and try to like, you know, do something. Because if it meant anything, every line on the board would be lit up right now from people saying, God, that was really a pissed me off and it was great. And thanks for doing that. You know, I'm something. Something. Or even said, what? I was you're boring. Don't ever do that again. Something. Mm-hmm. They have no passion. No passion. Now let's see. Next van had a parents tomorrow. Rainer shine. I see them as because it's a commercial thing. Is that what we're trying to say? Yeah. Rainer shine tomorrow. We'll have. Now this is the forl one. Is that all I see? Or else because he's got an appearance to make. Scott for row. You can go there and see if he really talks like that in person, which he does. No, not to a net of auto parts. 1911 North State Road 7 in. Or is that? And Margie. Right. So tomorrow will be in Margie with a van and I'm sure McGill will be there with forl. No, not to. And a little more more about that. So that's Rainer shine because he's going to get paid for it naturally. Anybody gets paid for something. We want him to show up even if nobody else is going to. 37.895. 105 bucks. We ought to be able to collect that just in cash before 11 o'clock inside the building, right? Yeah. Well, why do you keep 105 bucks to get us to 38 grand? This is the worst fundraiser I've ever been associated with in my life. This even makes the OJ Center one thing pale into one significance. That's how desperate this has been. They not really don't care enough to send it very best. They don't want to send nothing. Now we got to get some more names for that pull. Although I will say, Strom thermon is off for the races. For a dead guy. Strom thermonate. He did die, didn't he? Yeah, thanks. Didn't he? Didn't that posit him? I'm not sure. Strom thermonate team Toby Keith eight in Jesse Helm 7. The first 33 votes on who's the biggest drooling yah who over the mall. I like that. I can't because drooling yah who's up out of stringerly offensive. Any'll find plenty of them in Canada. You'll find them in Calgary. You'll find real like in the SESCATURE one in Moose jaw. Sure. Got plenty of red necks. I'm going to talk about that yesterday. There's different kind of red necks. There's the ones on a picture that I showed you. They about the, huh? Yeah. Looks like they just came up from Aintree for the weekend. And then there's the Texas Deep City. Texas Deep South Mississippi, Louisiana, y'all come back like Judge Moore kind of Alabama with a banjo on unique. And then there's the, uh, other ones with a banjo, but they're up in the tree. The right. Beesleys. That kind of red neck. The maple slower to red neck. Cincinnati, boy, more too much bad news. I'm going to go back and hide under the bed. I don't like this. Cincinnati, reds outfielder, Durnell. Stenson was found dead early yesterday. And a residential street after he was shot. And apparently run over in a Phoenix suburb police said, Chandler police said that that was being treated as a homicide. And a man was being held by police for questioning. Since in 25, it is majorly debuted the season play 37 games for the reds. And now he died. He's dead. He was 25. Even worse on the stories that period he had been run over by the vehicle. Witnesses told police a black SUV was seen living in the area. And he was also dragged along, I guess, the shot him and killed him in the ran him over and then kind of dragged the vehicle. And then kind of dragged him along a little while just I guess to make sure that the town is. All right. Huh? Must have been Italians. Is that the way they do it? Yeah. They shoot you. And they insult you. Oh, and speaking of John Askrot. Well, I'm sure we got a lot of color. Look at that. Everybody calling and I say, but that was really horrible yesterday. And you'll don't ever do that again. And don't read either. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Yes. I have one for your bowl. Please sir. The Dictic Chicks. Are the biggest dueling Yahoo's? Oh man. Okay. You're right. Here for yes. I wouldn't be saw that footage from Iraq of those people getting thrown off the buildings and They're on the broken, etc. Yes. Do you, would you consider that further justification for going in there and removing that? Absolutely not. Let me ask you this. Do you remember the shot of a ran? Pardon me. Do you remember the shot of a ran? Yeah. Who put him in a ran? Who's the flunky was he? Well, right. You know understand when you come in from a that mud. After who's saying. Gaps and knowing of his own people. Where? Let me ask you this. Let me ask you. What we do in business with a man? No. I understand that we see. We don't. Don't. Don't give me the sign today. It's a try to do. What you try to see is what he said the Dictic Chicks. We know where the sky was coming from. You're trying to justify the unjustifiable. There are lots of brutal dictators. Most of whom we support by the way. And many of whom we have to put in their first place like Salvador I.N. They for example in Chile and Pena. You know, we didn't like ones. We put in the other one. And all over and baby dock and pop a dock. And pop a mama. And what's up, doc? Right. We do it all the time. We've done it all over the freaking world. And this guy's giving me a son and it's about well, Didn't know it didn't know. It's the tape. Wasn't that for the judge? Of course not. The Savak. That was the. There was the secret police from the Shahvehman. These to pull out people's fingernails was one the way they used to torture them. Oh, they pulled out their fingernails. They didn't even come. He was our guy. Sure. If it's our dictator, our brutal repris. It's just like that thing. I read this guy didn't hear anything. I read yesterday for Michael, Michael, more talk about the Taliban. He won't. We love the Taliban. Right. They were our folks. They were our business potteness. They were the potteness, but about all over Africa. We're going to pipeline and Afghanistan. That's correct. But as soon as the things went sour, then all of a sudden. Well, they did this and they did that. And they're barbaric and they repressed the women and they came to the music. They've got to shave their beard so long and they're bad guys. And you know, and you send me your people. Fall for this bull crap. I'll be that stupid. Don't be that ignorant. Of course, this guy is so lucky. I said, Suzy Star would have dixie. She'll understand why. Did it. I don't even put that on. They're not jooling Yahoo. They have jixies. They have a big pair. Not a bunch of jooling Yahoo's like user. Probably got his Tammy won it. Blow up. Right. That was probably working on it. Twenty four eleven at five. Six or maybe he's got his what's his name. Billy Gray Cyrus. Blow up. Probably working on that too. Twenty four eleven at five sixty WQM. Imagine this. Imagine zero closing costs. Zero application fee. Zero credit bureau fee. Zero discounted points. That's probably what John London was thinking about when he wrote that song. Just imagine. You think? No. It's the last mortgage. You'll ever need the revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group. Now with an interest rate. A low, low, amazing interest rate. A only one point nine five percent. That's only if you have a two hundred thousand. A low and seven hundred thirty eight bucks a month. Once you be finance. You're going to new home mortgage from financial group. You'll never pay closing costs again. Call toll free one eight hundred nine four o'lend. Grab real financing. Power with low rate mortgage. That you can move your next property without any further cost of expense. The only one mortgage from financial group. For the sales call one eight hundred nine four o'lend. It's a whole new great smart way to buy zero underwriting fee. Zero dock fees. Zero prepayment penalty. Zero closing cost. Even when you move to another property. So give yourself financing. It's just one point ninety five percent and never pay closing cost again. Call financial group today at one eight hundred nine four o'lend. Be sure to tell the talk. Dreck. To the call one eight hundred nine four o'l e and d. That's direct with a d equal housing lender. Credit restrictions apply rates. I've got to change monthly five point one nine ap. My mind and local. Here sports radio five sixty two a two a. It's based in Miami town. So the moon at five six o'l. W. Got that hundred five bucks yet. Oh, yeah, got it right here. I. The. The. The. Then hit. David. Yes. I. I want to leave a mark on you. The size of New York. To keep you with pointed shoes. For wearing my dress. I have just one remark for you. You're dark. You're dark. When I get lit up. I'm. In the name in the world. And I don't have any problems. I. About it and girls. I or Beauty Brown. Eyes.os. Will be black. You'll blow with you. You proud. You're just a judge. If you don't want to get hit, you'll hide in the closet. That's why with the room, you don't feel the door. Oh, speaking of hiding in the closet, here was the fact there were a couple of boxes came in yesterday and have time to mention. Here's one that says, you're such a silly girl, Miss Dredd wearing that ridiculous hat which went out with the Univac. Here's some honest information. You aren't fooling anybody. Nobody. Even a brainwashed widow had snicker behind your back. But keep paying off your croties in the media to run phony, balloony gossip articles about all your hot female dates. Try to imagine Paul in with Marilyn Monroe. What a hoot. What a hooter. Excellent facts. What a hoot. It was a really good column. Very disturbing. We don't want to disturb anybody. Robert, how many body bags? I think we had it on our website yesterday from the LA Times. I'm going to read it right now because I like it. I'm in the mood. On Sunday, 19 more young Americans died in Iraq serving the vanity of an American president who willfully betrayed them who has no idea where his policies are taken to country. This is a president who has his now amply clear has systematically ladled at the troops and the nation about the reasons for going to war, distorting evidence to claim that the United States was threatened by Saddam Hussein's weapons of astrospection and linking Iraq to the 911 terrorist attacks. Having led the country by the nose into a clumsy, ill-advised Middle East power-grad president Bush's face with a terrible quandary. What do we do now? The first thing is to resist the logic of the self-affirming prophecy, Bush Blenderback was a center of international terrorism. It wasn't, and now says that because terrorists are coming over Iraqi borders to take poll shots at Americans we need to stay in fight them. We won't run, Bush said, cablirly dismissing the lies of the young soldiers fired in his folly. This amounts to using our young men and women as bait, and assumes there are a finite number of fanatics who can be dispensed with once and for all. In fact, the US occupation of the historic center of the Arab world is provided al-Qaeda and other like-minded groups with their most effective recruiting poster yet, and we're fighting them on their terms and on their turf. Meanwhile, al-Atex are coming from various Iraqi quarters, those who enjoyed favors under Hussein and also may have been glad to see the US overthrow the turret, but have since become alienated by an occupation that inevitably inspires nationalist, as well as religious opposition. Why can't we learn from our history and Vietnam and the experiences of the French and Algeria and the Israelis in the West Bank and Gaza that no occupation by an army of the other is ever welcome? Only last week Israel's army chief established it awarding on the limits of an occupying power to achieve its goals to the exercise of military force, it increases hatred for Israel and strengthens the terror organizations, Lieutenant General Moshe Yalone, told Israeli reporters adding, in our technical interest, we're operating contrary to our strategic interests. Some puns that's in politicians, even those who may have been skeptical about the word of a game with, now argue that we must finish the job even if it means increasing our commitment of troops or ruling Iraq indefinitely. This is, however, exactly this kind of stubborn and mushy thinking that let us into the hell of Vietnam war and the deaths of 58,000 Americans in more than 2 million Vietnamese and Cambodians. The occupation of Iraq is not working and will not work for Iraqis, our culture is offensive and our tactics have been handed. As none other than the American sponsored Iraqi politician, Oshma Chilabi put it after the latest guerrilla attacks, the Americans their methods, their operations and their procedures are singularly unsuited to deal with this kind of problem. And US intentions to Iraq are far from clear, though there may be an echo of White Man's burden that seeks to export civilization, even that highly questioned will go as crowded and undermined by the fact that Washington inevitably will put a higher priority on having a new Iraq serve the US superpowers needs, oil, commerce, military power, rather than meet the needs of regular Iraqis. Unless we are willing to trade the lives of US troops and Iraqis for the obsessions of Empire, we must end the occupation now. The US can give Chilabi in the crowd the money they need to operate in the short run and similarly aid the more establish-Eye groups. They can beg the UN Security Council to take over this mess with the national support from the US and smooth the transfer of power enough to let the President say faced by declaring the mission of victory. Such a wise reversal of course might even help Bush get re-elected, his pull numbers on Iraq are sinking. If he can back off from the edge of the cliff to which his half-orgressive form policy is taken as, the public might be conned in a giving him another term. Personally I think the President should be impeached for his lies, but more important he should redeem himself by coming to his senses and ending the cardigan's stability he has brought in Iraq and the world great columnist usual by Robert Sheer and the LA Times on November 4 on Friday. Good one. And I apologize for reading because obviously a lot of people out there who'd rather like that. 560560, pound 560, we need some more names on his list. This poll today could go nowhere that I know names. Here's the lady in my any, hello. Hi, Neil. Thanks for your today that made my hair stand on in which you read. I was horrifying and upsetting. I suspected it, but it was actually worse than what I suspected about Bush and his crony. You know, I'd like to see, I'd like to see him head up an army the way they did in ancient Rome and see how much of a man he has been. Yeah. You know? Saying, oh yeah, we've got to see his room. Let's see him step in front of the army and see how far he sees it through. Okay, but maybe he'll be his military service. He'll be his first time. He has this is a vanishing cream. You know, he just keeps disappearing. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Here's a call from Western. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. I also want to thank you for playing the yesterday. I called the friend and we're both listening. And then we didn't know what all the long about this stuff. And also I wanted to give her her that a big daddy Bush was a drug smuggler in a early day. He had a company in Houston where he had pool where his ships never got checked with nothing. I'll be dancing. Sounds like the Kennedy Bootleggers to me all over again. Yeah. All right, yeah. Thank you. You two, you take it to have a Tampa. 560560. This is, I'm telling you, man. I don't know why I do this. I have no idea why I do it. It says just let it go. Just pretended yesterday never happened on this show. It was just an aberration. Was just one of those things, you know what I mean? 5675 is lying. Whatever going to get faster. We just didn't give it up on that. Is the assistant. Probably we're going to get. What? They open to ticket. Open to ticket. My ass, okay. Open to ticket. It's an inside the building thing. It's not a bell south, which I know you love to bash them. But I don't believe that's their problem. It's an inside the building thing. Because I saw when I held it happen. It was like right in the middle of a show. Like right in the middle of a night like that. And it just just died. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. How are you doing? Pretty good. I just want to start by telling you what happens to lead a birthday to you. Thanks. And now the business side. I myself am a service member. You know, I've been in the military for well over my retirement point. And I tell why everybody, I'm going to be getting out. That's the beginning of the business. I call me crazy. They call me stupid. I'm not going to throw someone here's away. And I have a step way as of for them. I value my life. There you go. You're also good answer. Very suitable. I'm not going to. I'm not going to. I value my life more than more than money more than anything. I mean, we're at it. I've served my country. And but with a asshole like our commander in chief. He could keep it. And like the lady just said, why don't we put him in front of the fire and spot a deal on the last there. I love you. Maybe take care. Okay. Much kisses. Good choice. Okay. Thank you. By the way, speaking of that, would you ask bring back the draft? This was a Toronto story yesterday. It was on our website. Are you pardon? I've been here about that. Welcome to the U.S. Defense Department for volunteers to sit on local draft boards. Has sparked debate about whether a nation might military draft could ultimately be needed to complete Washington's mission and Iraq whatever the hell that is. A number of analysts said on Tuesday that while any public suggestion of a draft will be politically suicidal for a Bush and an election year, he could fight himself with you other options if he's returned for a second term. And the fighting in Iraq is still going on. Bush touring firewavaged regions of California Tuesday again, the troops will never cut and run in Iraq even as attacks on Americans escalate. As debates were also about the kid release of the Believered U.S. military, the Pentagon's calling for volunteers to serve your community and the nation. People, you know, we make fun of people who are like suicide bombers. Right. And what barbaric lunatics they must be? Well, what's the difference? Right. It's a collective services that wants to hear from men and women in the community who might serve as members of a local draft board. If conscription becomes necessary, it says 2,000 local and appeal to board would need volunteers. The boards would decide who would go to war and who could defer their service in the event of National Call of Tibusti, currently all volunteer military. This is significant said that the level of presidential scholar at Dartmouth College in New Hampshire. What the Department of Defense is doing is creating the infrastructure to make the draft a viable option for the administration wish to go this route. He said it's the first public call to be considered draft board since the compulsory draft was abolished in 1973. And amazingly, shockingly, Pentagon officials did not return calls for comment yesterday. What a shock. Who do they? Their mom on the subject. And by the way, say hi to mom. Well, thanks to Cindy, who facts yesterday said happy birthday to you. Thank you, Cindy. She and four or five others had, you know, because we were taking the calls. That would have been easy, but it took a little bit effort to send the facts. Thanks, Cindy. Nice. She made the effort. 77 votes on our redneck. I mean on our drooling Yahoo pool. We only have three choices on it. I might just stay that way all day. Maybe we just can't top those three, you know what? Maybe. How about that Lindsey Graham? You know, there's a drooling redneck. Hope? Lindsey Graham. You've never seen him. Oh, who is the biggest drooling Yahoo of tomorrow? 79 votes. Jesse Humstery, six-dron, third and 30 in Toby Keith only 13. Only 13 for Toby. But he won all those, a few musical words last night. Yeah, but so did Johnny Cash and look how he's doing. 9. And look all this is for 20 of my 60. We're doing him. Don't odd. I'm still on the charts. Still having hits. And I'm still making money, baby. And I'm still making money, baby. And the low and stitch. I'll make the marriage. I'll carry two go up when I passed away. Though I've been there forever, I still do it fast. You win my trust, that's for us, my good team. You're new and fun. Though I am with my grave. They're playing my song every inch. And if I be weird, I don't know what is. If I were dead, I'd be in the wind. Going to the musical business. Being in the world forever. But I'm doing it fast. This is doing fine. Though I have left the building. I'm still doing fine. I'm still on the charts. Still having hit. Let me know too. This is one of the most beautiful things we've had on our website. Quite a while. The WMD countdown. You must click on the picture and get the big, the full deal here. And I just noticed, I finally figured out why the president is his dumbest. He's in a ranger tan. Seriously, because if Scott were looking at pictures, precious on passions, the ranger tan. The lips are exactly the same. You see the lips? He can't see it. See, Daddy said, read my lips. And W says, look at these lips. You're a ranger tan. They sure are precious. The WMD countdown. It now says we've been digging now for 220 days, 11 hours, zero minutes and 52 seconds. And ain't found nothing but oil yet, darn it. That's a beautiful thing. The lip thing. Oh, the lip thing. That's definitely precious. He's kind of precious. It's precious. It's always big about it. We've been digging now for 2209 days, 11 hours, no minutes and 52 seconds. Ain't found nothing but oil yet, darn it. He's gone, W. In fact, you know something? We're looking for names for the poll. What the hell is wrong with me? Start digging. He's looking at us in the push right there, George W. Yeah, get him on there. A texicon. Here's a good one from Marty and Miami who says, how about David Duke for your poll? Okay. I'll be honest with you. David Duke doesn't talk like that. They'll see. He says, by the way, these banana voters, we don't get this poll. That's a reason for like a papinian. Marty, I hate to break the news. He's the number one. Most of our audience are banana voters. Number two, you don't get it. Because David Duke, even though he's a southern redneck racist, he just, he don't talk like he's not a drooling ya who. Yeah, it's big. Don't know nothing about rednecks. I'm totally looking to mirror. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a year. So let's get George W. Bush on the poll. That'll go some of that number real quick. Oh, they're some stiff competition. Toby Keith got shout out as to the Dixie tricks that the company music awards. And I guarantee you what I said before is true. That whole country music mafia, the whole thing. There's like genetic defects is what there is. They're like a couple of jeans, listen. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. No, yes. I heard the audio you play just a little bit. And the radio actually went on the web. And I got the transcript. It's about 40 pages worth. Right. There's a lot of people are interested in hearing more. Is there anyone getting all of the audio? You can't get it on the web site? No. I couldn't find anything on the audio. You have to set anything like it. You know, purchase from you or anything? No. Okay. Any suggestions? There's a lot of people that, you know, first part of it, but they didn't hear the whole thing. And they wanted to hear all of it. Any suggestions, George, we could probably like dubbing and then the charge 10 bucks of pop raise some money for charity. Don't we still have our lives going on? Won't that show be our cards for the day? Can listen to it over and over again. That's right. That's right. That's all be any archives. You listen to it on your rages or come on our website. That's correct. That's just the piece that you played, but that wonderful reading job you did. Right. The audio will be on your website too. Sure. Okay. If I looked on your website, yes, there wasn't an an air. No, but you're not looking in the archives. I'll see. Have to look in the archives for a while. Yesterday show for the date November 5. Okay. I'll do that then. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. Here's one from Sergio who says happy related B. Day. For the pool. How about many of the girl boys from NASCAR? Like maybe Dick trickle. Well, see. I don't know. It probably have to have Joe Costello to like in a course. He'd take a section of that because he insisted NASCAR isn't a redneck. You know, it's right. Redneck thing. That's a course. It's a cause of the politics. It's a redneck thing. It's about your redneck. It's going around and around. Maybe now then one gets killed. Wasn't it one of them killed here a couple of weeks ago? And so it tests to run or something. I don't know. I was killed. We're going to call that crap. It goes around and around and around. Redneck thing. I mean, redneck shows have to do their own thing. You know, they always got their thing. But it just, I don't know. Dick trickle. You know, I've seen it. But I don't know it. I don't know either. So it's something you call them with some country. What I mean with well, some country. What do we get? We get the the the the the the petty's an awesome. And he did, which one is dead? I don't know. There's like five of them. How about Gordon Johncock? From Hastings, Michigan. I don't know. And what about Gordon? What's his name? The big one. Like Gordon. Like Gordon. Yeah. Jeff Gordon. Right about him. He's a cool man. And then he. Dale is hard to do. So Jeff Gordon, he's very articulate for a considering one of the petty's or Yahoo's. I see. Five six seven. How about Tom Pettie? In two. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I just go to three called dial like the two check the balance. And one thing happens is we've got another. When they add them, it's made it called the nuclear fission. Yeah, this is a little bit heavier. They fade you to a good education. But we have a fear as a failure to ever keep his ass off this show. Let's see. Oh, this is good. Says has supposed you could include 90% of all players. But John Rocker beats him off. John Rocker. There's a jewel in Yahoo. Yeah, right. Right. You love? Here's a chronic fan who faxes and says so much for playing that TV show yesterday morning. Right at the juiciest, been ladden bush moments. I was part of the gas pump. On the other side of a pump was an older guy with a jab bumper sticker. One of those stupid bald eagle American flags to cause on his windshield. I just sat there in my car where he stood and pumped and gradually raised the vibe into Diffoning proportions. Thank you for that moment. That's great. And the fact that by the way is still alive. But they're it. He survived. He's still alive. 560560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Who's the biggest drooling Yahoo of them all? Soon there were new democracies in Latin America. A 108 votes 43 for Jesse Helms 42 for Strom Thurman 17 for Toby Keith and George W. Bush whose name just appeared on there's already got six. Right. Magic. He's zooming up the charts. You mark my words, man. He's going to be a hit a smash on our poll today. Here's a call from Pompano. Hello. Hello, Mr. Rogers. Hello. Mr. Rogers. Thank you. And I wanted to thank you for yesterday's audio on that. That was absolutely outstanding. And it needs to be replayed again over again. I agree. I agree with the other guy. If you double on to a cassette or another something that would be worth donations for sure, I'm for a charity cause more people need to hear what that was. What was played yesterday. And you stole my thunder on George W. Bush being on to the list. So that's what I was going to say. I'm interested. He's drooling right now. I'm on TV. He's drooling a little bit out of the quarter of his lip. And I'm one of the people Mr. Rogers. It does not want to see you retire. I'd like to hear you on the road on the airway forever because you're the only central. That's sensible person out there. Thank you for all your contributions. You really do what you have to write. Thanks. Thanks. See there's a good guy. See he kissed a little bit. Kissed a little bit. That was okay. Didn't very nicely. Guy who really appreciates what we try to do on the show. I mean, a show is a see the problem with this show. I'll tell you right now what the problem is. And that is that it's not one dimensional anybody. Anybody. Anybody. But I mean, there are people who can do one thing and do it very, very well. Sure. But this show we try to do several things spread the word. We try to spread it around. We try to give you a few laughs. We try to let you know what's going on in the world. We try to give you some information like yesterday that you won't find any play. Well, you will find it, but most people don't have the time or the inclination to look for it to read to do these things. So all of these things and it's not easy to find the balance because no matter what it is, you do when you're going to piss off somebody sometime. But I will say this. It sure is help better and put out a bunch of boring guests on talk radio. I learned that a long time ago because what I used to do for many many years was put a bunch of boring guests on my talk shows. And they were boring in the average age of my list. There was a hundred plus death. Infinity. Why not for New York for infinity? No, I sure would have liked to though. What is this say? Canadian skipping stones. Oh, yeah. I had this three days ago that you just backed me by the, you know, no, Canadians forget that's not the point. That's not the point. The fact is the Rolling Stones have come up with a new for this DVD and they're like marketing only and they're selling it and best buy them on other joy. And the rest of the major major music chains today at school, we're not going to sell it. Canadians forget pretty easily. Well, let's move out. Now, what I just because they came here and done a concert does that mean that they're going to school for all the other records. To us to hell with it. If I'm overdred to HMV, I say, this deal, Mick, you idiot. You sorry. Sorry old, the piece of crap. You old, Fag. Here's a call from Papino. Hello. Hi, now. Yes, sir. Happy birthday. Thanks. And I got an additional list. Getting away from the political arena. I'm not sure. I think it's the biggest jewel in Yahoo. Oh, man. You know who else? It just inspired me. Terry Bowden. Oh, yeah. There's another. Oh, Terry Bowden could be the big, he could be the winner. He is just on that. I don't want to over that. You don't want to take a war with. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pally. Yeah, I want to ask you something. Yes. I was watching, you know, the thing about the postal birthday, the boy, you know, the postal birthday. And the postal birthday. And the sign and the blog. I mean, you know, I built a photo on by predominantly male legislator. It's starting to blow up by a male executive. That a lot of it's now it's basically been a dominate women in their bodies for God knows how on. I mean, think about it. Most women go loaded. You'll notice that his signature wasn't even dry on the bill. And the judge in Nebraska said, uh, not so fast. They're just black people's movement of it. A lot of local municipalities are going to, they're going to fight and send these should. But I mean, the thing about it, he was, you know, most women, when they go for the abortion, they go for grill early women who opt for an abortion after the first time, I'm sure it's because they find out that if they kind of try to see it, you know, to full term, they're invading their health. And they're making no exception for this. If a woman's life is on the line too bad, we're not going to give you this partial, you're not going to be able to have this procedure. I mean, that's that compassionate conservative. I mean, how many women could both finish men next year is beyond men? I really, that's what I thought the first time. Well, I mean, if this guy didn't sign his own death warrant, with that, with signing that, that bill in the lawyer, I don't know what's going to do it. But anyway, you have a happy birthday and I'd always the pleasure talking with you. Okay. Have a great day. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, six, six, Terry Bradshaw and Terry Bowden, man. And I see George says, no, who that is? No, he doesn't know who Bobby Bowden, you've heard that name at FSU. I don't agree. You've got to write some of your Bradshaw's. Well, he's a moron. Yeah. Idiot. He's a simple den. Does he see him? Oh, no. See, I don't watch any of the pre-game shows. I know that make him a great shock to our red blooded sports nerds out there. I don't really care about watching a bunch of silly people like the on Sanders and Terry Bradshaw. I was just embarrassing him, I'm humiliating, getting paid a lot of money for it. The on Sanders makes my skin crawl. I got to say that right now. If that makes me a racist too bad, he makes my skin crawl. And Terry Bradshaw too, and he's white. Last time we checked. But Terry Bowden, Terry Bowden takes it to another level. He is, he is the definitive, jooling Yahoo redneck. He's got a finger in his nose. Another finger up his butt. He's picking some corn and seeds. What are he doing? Man. You got to see him to believe him. And you really go, and when you see him, and you think they put this guy on the air, I'm TV and people are watching this with a straight face. You got to be smitten, man. Terry Bowden. No, you got to see him. I know you're not a sports guy, but I would not wear it. I would not wear it. We're to go trust me. Trust me. Down to 7.7. Eat and pick a legs. And pork rinds. 11.14 is 5.60. And I'm great. The spicy sausages too. And the big jars with that antibiotic fluid in there. If you're underpaid, no, we're worked like poor Scott. Maybe you'd like to get yourself a change in life. A new high-paying career, but you don't have four years to waste on college. Do something about it. Change your life by making a simple phone call. What is it? 1.866 fast train. That's the number. Fast train can every train in certified for a high-paying computer never professional career. Or a high-paying medical computer specialist career. And his little as for easy simple months. That's correct. You can be fully trained ready for a great career with a big paycheck that goes right along with it. In his little as four months. Now, let's see. It's a middle of November. Almost December. Genre hurt like March by the eyes of March. You can be doing it. And the job too. Fast train offers day evening a weekend classes. They offer you job placement assistance. And they even offer financial aid for people who qualify. Fast train, you know what they got six convenient floor locations including Fortin South Florida. So you look out to window. There's probably one right down the street. Pick up that phone to call them today and change your life for the better. Say goodbye to your dead end job. Tell your boss to kiss your fan ass. Check them out of the web at fast train.com And call them toll free and get yourself a real career. Call 1.866 fast train. My life and look all six is for trail by city. Where do you weigh in? Change of how manure farmers approach the止 upTerrava. Pengpani. Pengpani. Oh, can you please face me? When you get back from the moon, bring me some fray for you. Oh, can you face me? You're going to land on water, don't keep it around the eye. Ooh, wait, wait, no. All right, next to me. Yeah, yeah, come on, on Do our best. Whoever got ι at the time, just to us, I fathom really vircomes and st личates me. Oh! Жaini Spaceman, Master of Neon-Joke, Master of Neon up front at seven seven three I'm right back, clown. Oh, Chinese face man. I'll have the little name with the shrimp bun for fried fries. 11.19 at 5.60, WDQM Steed Spurrier AMN. Former Gators Coach, not coaching. So to speak for the Washington Redskins, from a grid, thank you, Madrid. Austin, Kingdom, Peters. Somebody, the Denver fans is Willie Nelson, I don't know. But we'll put him on, or just to make that in Verfan happy, right? Sure, what I did is a good guy. Who is the Denver fan of Willie Nelson? The Denver fan. Bush signs ban on late term abortion. President Bush had legislation Wednesday banning a certain type of abortion. And encourages the encounter of the individual with God. Handing a, the disputed procedures opponents say, long-sought victory even as a federal judge at least partially blocked. The new loft from taking effect was he talking about again. But less than an hour after Bush put his pen to paper, a federal judge in Nebraska sharply questioned the law's constitutionality. And he should a limited temper or restraining order against it. U.S. District Judge Richard Comps said it was concerned that the ban contains no exception if the woman's health is at risk. And he should an injunction or plight only to the four doctors who brought the suit. While it's also true that Congress found that a health exception is not needed, it is that the very least problematic whether I should be for to such a conclusion when he Supreme Court is found otherwise Comps said. He signed a brass Gatorings were taken place in San Francisco and New York on similar challenges, and will take place all over the country. Four of them were at the impending legal obstacles Bush said rights. And are denied schooling. Bush said to a standing ovation and long-sought or plasuring his brief remarks, the executive branch will vigorously defend this law against any who would try to overturn in the courts. I guess the feeling that like they want to do is like a drive it all away back up to the Supreme Court again. It will. And even though they've declined to revisit Roe v. Wade a couple of times, maybe this time, maybe the fixes in already in Terrence B. Token, maybe the gotter and some really good stuff, maybe they'll let them look up a, huh, needy hills dress one more time and San Rudeo Connor as well. Who'd have would want to look up San Rudeo Connor's draft Jesus? That would be like a himscoranz address man or man. Do you imagine what's crawling around up there? Now, my psychic powers you're right did come into play again because here's this facts from Tucker who says, my choice for the top jeweling Yahoo is the banjo playing son of FSU coach Bobby Bowden who is no slouch in the Yahoo department himself but can't come close to him in bread, son, Terry Tucker. This is the greatest facts in his demand kind. One of the best and happy to let a birthday thank you. This is old mother Tucker who says, Harry Bowden. Yeah, huh, y'all come back now here. And they put him on her with a straight face like like, this is a real human being. I'd rather I'd rather give, turn it all over to precious on passions. He's got the goods man. She had the license number there on Charlie's Getaway car. She did. Yes, she did. It was a precious thing. Well, again, it's amazing that she can keep those numbers straight with all that booze she's drinking out of her. Her an old head and then they're just chucking it down. Isn't that the picture you generally get up when you see like a Terry Bowden. You see a guy like barefoot with his feet up on a damn pot belly stove, chucking a moon shine. And then we're right that way. Yeah, you're going to be bold. I'll be going. What do you call it? I'll be a jogger. I've got the jugs. Big old jug of moonshot. That's three. Maybe y'all come back now. Here's a good one from PD and NM and New Mexico who says, she says, very happy birthday. Love yesterday's show. They'll give me a good case of Ajira. Keep hammering away at these bone suckers. Oh, don't knock the bone suckers. PS Dr. Phil for your pole is an excellent choice. How can we put that about good old doctor for you now? He's another one. He's like, it's like that syrup is just dripping from his lip. You know that that phony phony draw on that syrupy crap ahead of you. It's dangerous. Nothing worse than syrupy crap. Look at this George W. Bush is moving toward the top. Back or develop their greatest resources. Right. It's right on our pole, W. Jesse, how much 53 George W. Bush 51 is a late edition. That's the end of the back man. He's on a roll. Strong thumb and 50. Toby Keith 21. Dr. Phil six. Oh, how do you already get on there? You already sent it up. Good. Yeah. Work it ahead. John Rocker for Terry Bob and one. Come on. You can do better than that Terry Bob. Terry Bradshaw one and we'll announce them. See, Spirier just went on there. And if you reload one more turn. If we want, if you reload one more turn, that's a G. I'm trying to put him in first place. How much he sounds like. They deserve to be active citizens. There he is. Oh, man. It's reloading, but it's not reloading. Quick, I heard it is. Oh, yeah. He just went to hold. I want to hit Jesse in strong 54 for W. The biggest drooling idiot. Yahoo over the mod. And say it. That's it. Yahoo. But in his case. Okay. Here's the petty story. All right. No, Tom Pity on his list. Adam Pity was 18 year grandson of Richard Son of Kyle. Died Pity. He's what it's a. I guess he's the one to die. That's the light. Don't be laughing. It does NASCAR people man. Why don't we go 180 miles an hour there and a little tight oval. Adam Pity was the 18 year old grandson of Richard was the son of Kyle, who was a son of a preacher man. But anyway, I guess he's the one who died. Wow, that's unfortunate. We're sorry to hear that. Just like Bobby had field. It's really medley and Bobby had field. The righteous brother. Here's Richard. Again, the best off the old cap and played for the 45 minute time just this week. I'm magic 102.7 who play at least a whole bunch of records every year. Over and over again. Man, that guy at what is his name again? Bob Schmuck. George Hamilton. George Hamilton the fourth. He is a moron and even didn't even reach. Robert that comet they didn't come on say it because he needs the work. But he and as much automated that he's not too happy with that real tight playlist where they played build me up buttercup 15 times an hour. That but the public wants to hear. Okay, and even though we may have liked, I can't remember a time when I liked any of the verses brothers music. Did you know what I mean? No, I do. There may have been a time in my life when I actually thought, hey, that's because I know I played it on the years of district. Many years ago about 100. But I just can't remember that far back that I actually could have liked that because it's just been you just been brutal. It could be even beaten over the head with it. Like somebody took a righteous brother CD and just pulverized you with it. Kind of liked the way Teresa was getting pulverized by Gwen. They're on passions a couple of days ago, right? Yeah, bedpan. Remember that? Yeah. Okay, okay, she's got to go on passions. Is she like permanent? Two clothes. Yeah. So far, there's when they change actors and actresses for the characters, especially ones that have been on there for a long time. The new case, she is the worst. She's not evil. She's not, you know, in fact the old case looked a lot like your wife George. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. She was very attractive and had that same first same facial features. Yeah. And she also had like an unwanted baby. How do you like that? No, you know something? It's interesting because she tricked Miguel into getting her pregnancy. Not harm Miguel. I don't think. And even better looking Miguel. She tricked Miguel into getting pregnant. So anybody who looks like that, all you guys beware, look out. Put on your rubber's and Guloshes before you venture in. Take a pill and then don't do it. Take a pill and pass on the thrill. Twenty seven passed 11 to five, 60 WQM. Hey, let me tell you, you want to lose some weight on you fat people. Boy, there are a lot of us are fat. I am so tired. I'm being fat and the audience is tired of hearing about it. If you're tired of being fat, check out balance for life. The beast lost 50 pounds if he would have stuck with it. He'd be, he'd be trim and slun he'd probably look like slim pickins right now. And you really can't acoustic with it because it's an easy way to go. There's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning. Ever see him and slim pickins together? Same guy. Yeah, who used to be anyway? No calorie counting, no carb counting with balance. For I think all the work all of figuing in the counting for you. And they put together delicious food. I mean really gourmet stuff. Omelets and fatatas and chicken dishes and beef and all kinds of really good stuff. Using the best fresh ingredients, you'll be amazed. And they deliver it tea in a little black sack every morning. Wherever you want by six o'clock in the morning. There's all the food you'll need to keep you full and happy and healthy. All day long, three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks. And it's the only company in the universe that lets you choose between two choices. For each meal and snack every day that you're on a program. This and you menu once a week. You fill it up, packs it back to him. And that's it. That's all I work you have to do. Besides shoveling, all I could food down your posts. So if you're sick and tired of being overweight, out of shape, boring puppets, a thargic bean diabetic or wet on a verge of it. Let balance for life get the job done if you fail with all the others. You'll start seeing results on that scale in just a matter of days. Call balance for life today, 954, 56683229. 954, 56683229, or if you want more info about their program check them out on the web at balanceforlife.com. By the local species, 56683229, you're the... PUN! PUN! Tidin' Leda, outside of the van, and he's a big and that's no shocker. PUN! Fred, ring reporters, this is the Bay quarters. Everybody hates John Rocker. Here. Hey, no! He's a red man! He's a brave chick! Say, go! Hey, no! He's a big man! Limit now, son! He's gonna win! Two! Fishing, free! He should be competitive! By this week! I think rockers mental. His brain is a rental. Maybe he took it from man's sin. He should keep his trap shut or he may give his throat cut. He'll be around as long as handsome. May thou, he's a red man, he's a great chef. Take a hold, take a hold, he's a big round. He's a big round, he's a big round. He's a big round, he's a big round. He's a big round, he's a big round. He's a big round, he's a big round. He should be committed by his way. Don't rock his gut, six votes, he's moving up the ladder. I can't believe Terry Bowden's holding a pair. You know, a real teeny tiny pair like Ball Verings. He's holding a two vote. Whoop. Terry Bowden. Oh, listen, I mean, we got some sports nerds out there in this crowd. They know who that is. It's just, there's nobody even close. Even W is like a great, big city slicker by comparison. T-slip. The national endowment for democracy is promoting women's rights and training a wreckage journalist. This is good, right? Any heels to send an edudias to the talk to my women's rights. Nice going, W. No wonder he's leaving the pack. Who's the biggest drooling Yahoo of them all? His or was, did it were live. George W. Bush 74 Jesse Helms 56 from German 56 as in Q 56. Toby Keith 21. You know how Hank and Atlanta and that spot he did there in their last break? Spelled out very. Oh, the T-R-R-Y's in Danny Ferrier's opposed to. Toby Keith 21, Dr. Philip Grau 13, a real drooling Texas Yahoo phony. John Rocker 6, Terry Bradshaw 5, Terry Bowden's only got two. I wish I could vote a thousand times for Terry Bowden. He is the definitive. He makes the kid that was sitting in the tree that beesley family member in the tree would abandon and deliverance. He makes him seem like John D. Rocker-Peller. William Nelson's got two and Steve Spurrier's got one. You ought to see that it's like purple in the green. Now, this fascie just said me. Keep his skin fishermen. Oh, speaking of the fishermen, how's he doing? The fisherman, maybe he's still in the closet with Ali on. Dear Mr. Neil Rodgershoes says this must be from a Reven Jones. I think even a fact is now a sternaby from Reven Jones. It says I hope you'll consider giving the same pull a twist one day instead of drooling Yahoo. Sloboring, it's slobbing with one bee, slow-brain spick with a K. We'll have a field A with I one starting with rich snatches. Have a nice day at the Kibiscan fishermen. Sloboring spick. Well, how many slobbing spicks do we know, George? I guess he'd like to put you on a pull-propane riff Sanchez in the alienarizer. Oh, I don't know. I think there are quite a few when you come right down to it. There's rolls, some Sanchez, all Sanchez. Raoul Raoul, I think you're going to go with his name as today, whether he's Cuban or Jewish. Right, what are your Ramon's towels? Wait a minute. Huh? He's yours. No, and how he is? He's gay? You take it. Yeah. And I'll take it under consideration. Okay. We had done the seed of what the Jews we didn't say, well, who's the most of notches, you owe them all I would have been bad. So we did like who's the biggest walking Afrant, he's semitism. What a Jewish sign fell down there in the many people like that. So today we're just picking on Drulling Yahoo's, which I enjoy picking on Drulling Yahoo's, because they're generally speaking dumb and dangerous. They're just really, they're spelled both of them. Yeah, the double D's, dumb and dangerous. Here's the call from Hollywood. Hello. Thank you, I do it. Pretty good. Happy birthday to you. Thank you. All right. I like him both of the pull that I got at your important question. Okay. Yes. For the pull, Jerry Jones. Oh, yeah, somebody did, did you send the facts? The Dallas Cowboy owner. I mean, he's a typical Yahoo. Somebody just passed it and also Jerry Jones, let's get to my get him on, or he's an idiot. Well, and the question is, my brother-in-law on Titschard just bought a trailer, right, for investment reasons. Yeah. But the man who lived in him was 97 years old, he passed away, his family was up Michigan, and anyone else had to do with it. So he got the trailer real cheap. So he called me over this weekend and we were going through all this junk and throwing that all this stuff in there. And in a closet, I'm asking you this question, I don't trust these young who sports a guy, you got on your radio station. Okay. I found the baseball bat, and it's an old stuff, and it's got George B. Bruce's signature on it. Wow. I want to know if you know where I can call a place or a website I can go to, to check you all of the stuff. You know, you know, if there's signatures real, and how much does that be worth? You know, that's a good question, because I would say, you know, we look under collectibles, like any other pages under collectible stores, a baseball part through. I think you know they're going to work. Huh? No, I was just going to say the only problem that is is that, you know, if you don't find somebody reputable, they can say, oh, that's worth about 20 bucks, and then sellers were 20 grand. Oh, I know it's worth more than that. I mean, I'm not stupid. You know, I mean, I almost get pretty old. Well, let's see if somebody will call in and let us know, because I don't want to guess. Oh, I appreciate it. Here on the with tight pal, thanks a lot. Oh, I will. Okay. Jerry Jones, out of their Dallas Cowboys, who not only is a really jooling Yahoo, but also a very temperamental. He's got a kind of a Southern George Steinbrinner. Okay. Yeah, not necessarily. We're not quite that much money. I assume. Or here's the schedule for next week. Looking at all this stuff. I don't see anything. Oh, yeah. Jimmy's brother, Billy Carter would have been good to use to pee on a side of buildings all the time. I guess he used to pee. He was like an umstit on no matter where he was. He just would have taken a leak no matter what a he was. And we had Billy beer. Oh, we put a good one. Billy Carter's. I guess one. Outstanding. I'll have to get to 30 in eight thousand for a band of Paris, do we got it yet? Yeah, I got it. See, well, the reason being they don't want to bring the cash in because if they give it to Scott, they know that he'll spend it. They don't give it to Scott. They give it to you. Right. Like I said, they don't think of it to you. No, I mean, that's just unacceptable. You know, you people in that building, I'm going to be there next week. And I don't think I'm going to talk aside. I won't talk to George because he won't be there. Right. I'll talk to Scott and I'll talk to what I'm not going to talk to for all either because he hasn't given a dime yet. Has he? He doesn't give it a penny yet. He'll pony up. I'm sure it's some point. Well, when is that going to be? Well, we get our bonus checks. Now, I get out of here when you get your bonus checks. My Fed ass. Crouch. We got people in that place making more money than God. 105 bucks. Paris ought to be able to reach down into his pocket. Deep down in there. You won't find anything else. $105. You ought to be able to come up with a 20. ought to be able to round that up in 15 minutes for Christ's takes. There is see the one thing in WWE QM seriously. There is no spirit of cooperation. None. And I'm not just talking about with this show or any other show with Moe. It just doesn't exist. Right. Everybody is like an island unto itself. Well, if you would just cooperate with them, screw them. By doing one by talking more. Sports. No. Promote. Has him the partial birth abortion village just another in the end. The industry is a blows. This administration is striking at our civil liberties. Oh, wait until you hear the story about the pay-to-deck that I got by the way about how they're using in Vegas against strippers? True story. To establish their neo-fascist regimes as James in his facts, I'd define anyone who would explain how America's fetuses are more viable, value important than living Iraqi children. And how about the Americans children that were sending a winner to kids that are getting a blown up every day? The sad fact is that an all-likely hood will be stuck with Georgie Poo for another five years as you won't have to run a primary campaign. And we'll start the presidential campaign with a tidy 200 million bucks in the bank. As we all know, he outspent both coordinator combined in the 2000 election and got the minority of the votes, but I always got his buddies rigging a voting machines. I long for the sweeper. Oh, that's a great point. How did you read this? Yeah, that's great. I long for the sweep release of death. So that's James B. Don't do it, James. You were young man. You got your whole life ahead of you. Don't jump. I'll see you at the border. Oh I'll leave you alone. When it's the court, when you'll find your son, through A.m. You will rough sense. You're nodded with them. Looks like he's from much in the land How did he get? Here's like that Why did don't know, get in the rain All the needs in the trouble in face How did he get? Who is that bitch? Who is that bitch? Lost looks like it's different wax Now about an iridescent We're the out of trouble This life that's burned Yeah, and now it's time to end this storm Rock is in the earth, it's going to long We can skin our perfect terms It's like that I love you here when it's before head I'm from the boat, but I'm right there, friend Who is that? You're brilliant, can you throw out of this? What about Larry Flint? He's the consummate, drooling yaho We didn't mean that kind of drooling can't do That's bad, I'll do you do have a good point Anyway, great article of news about the Eric will be having it on our website Mom and Tere, because it's more important They're sorry Eric, I don't like to usually add on more stuff They're in the show, because I know you're very busy Like done, Coraloni But Michael, is it called in Mark? Hose and Ball? Lost opportunity, remember that story? I had it at the beginning of the show Hose and Balls, we can't skin that Hose and Balls On the eve of the invasion of Iraq, the fence officials were offered a secret A back channel opportunity to talk peace with Sodom Remember that story from ABC News? Yes, well guess what news we found out about it too Sources tell news with an investigator is one of One House officials blew a chance to avoid an invasion of Iraq Other than that, wait till you're this, okay Others see the meeting and others that took place over season Volving Pentagon officials as part of a secretive intelligence Operation that was set up by administration hardliners within the defense department And functioned outside the boundaries of the Western intelligence committee And without congressional oversight It was a renegade operation says one democratic investigator And we've been here a lot about that a lot of Scuddle blood, a lot of rumblings So the whole story will be there on our website from NewsWick As soon as Eric puts down lunch, as soon as he puts on I'm going to save this, I long for the sweet release of death That could be the greatest baseball time Man It's not that bad James, well, you know, maybe it is Maybe it is where you are, I'm not there yet So anyway, Ross Perot, we've now played that hobby He's got to go in and Ross Perot, of course, absolutely right That's really Drooling Yahoo Here's another good one from our chronic facts of jury and body Distinguished, which yes, I do have the story about John Askcroft and the Patriot Act, which I got here standing by momentarily About how they're using it to bust strippers and vagus from the Patriot Act It's just mind-boggling Anyway, jeryses, I'd like to make this suggestion for today's poll It's a very good one, it's the right wing Democrat from Joja Who thinks he's a Republican-Zeld member Raisai, I'm drooling this weekend on there on all the A-tocking it shows Jeryses, I'm beginning to think we don't stay at chance to November Don't keep your chin up, Jerry Dr. Throw in the towel, that's what they want us to do Vote 20, 30 times at least And then we might have a Trynaments chance against those fixed voting machines Too bad I Who is or was the biggest jeweling Yahoo of them all? Very flintse, excellent choice, and I could have put them on it It's a bad taste George W. Bush 102 Jesse Helm 61 Strong Thurman 57 Toby Keith 23 Dr. Phil Dr. Phil has got 20 man and he's moving up the list relentlessly John Rocker's six Terry Bradshaw's six Terry Bowden got four and I was Had with Steve Spurrier Hey, I got news for a Terry Bowden makes Steve Spurrier look like a British A-Rish to Crab William Ellson 2 and Jerry Jones has won out of two 89 on a pull so far As we have the search for Julian Yahoo's continues Here's a call from Jacksonville, hello Hey Neil, yes sir I have a copy of that fifth estate on a video It's a may-make file Right? I'm sure I could rip it to audio and I could burn it on a disc Consentative You know what I'm doing? You know what I'm doing? You know what I'm doing? I'm going to be outstanding Okay, uh, uh, the comment on that, uh, I think he, uh, let's Conspiracy theory is uh, off easily Because that part about the French journalist, uh, Terry Misson He was a saying that, uh, a plane that in crash And to a Pentagon, you remember that? Yeah He alleged crash Right I can't find uh, any signs of a plane hitting it Mollody me by that Uh, well, usually when a plane hits a building, you have wreckage Right There's no wreckage and it's a small, I mean, considering it's a 757 Or it was a 757 I mean, it was a fairly small hole on the side of the Pentagon You've got the building collapse Well, but the reason I didn't pay those first Conspiracy theories, I didn't pay the audio from that part Is because it's all conjecture And it's so, to me, it kind of discredits the next 50 minutes that's on the show Which is just to important to have people say, wow, he Here all of that wild stuff and it's just, you know, Conspiracy theorists are going to be all the rest of it It was based on irrefutable fact that's why I played it Okay, well, I mean, it's one of those things that if you look at the pictures Like I have, I've downloaded them from the, uh, from one of the, uh, Pentagon's web pages I looked, I looked, I couldn't find any wreckage Yeah I mean, if you want to, the first full things, you know But anyway, like I said, if you are Okay, I have, uh, I'll have, uh, I'll have Scott, give me the Dressbreakness in and I appreciate it Okay, great. Thanks Okay, take care of him Scott, uh, there have been playing crashes Were, um, playing scr- into the ground And they couldn't find really much of any trace of the plane law But where the, how was the one, not that long ago? A couple years ago, remember? Was it one in Pittsburgh? I'm not talking about the one in 9-11, your Pittsburgh. I'm talking about one in Pittsburgh, US Or, uh, probably? They always are. Are you picking on US scare again? Are you doing that? No, not me, I would never. Are you going to pick on a one's a cut to him, funny faces on the side. Croid, air. Five six, no, that's seriously valued, yeah. Remember the, I would think, didn't they hit like the, uh, funny faces? Yeah, something like that. It was enough for funny about that. Five six, seven, can calorie restriction delay aging People are looking for the fountain of youth in animal studies aging slow down. And when I turned 40, I looked around and I realized I was not on that path. Come on, come on, come on. It hit her, which she went into an old friend from college. She must be eight. I thought, I was she not that big. And God bless her. She said, you are horrible. You let yourself go. The last straw, she went on a hike and soon was out of breath and exhausted When a much older woman passed right by her. People are still waiting at all. You know how much percent fewer calories? Not good man. You know how older you? She was seven years old and I said, I want to be that person. Yeah, but that's nothing. You live known for long time. Look at care, carbonor. Look what did for her. No, no, no. It's called caring, taking a good thing and caring is just a little bit too far. Okay, just a little watercress would have been nice. So watercress sandwich on dry, something. Here's a call from poor lotterdale. How are you doing? Pretty good, pal. I can see about 50 foot from me here on 95 with people dry when I have to light on their hair. Hey, you asked her to turn your lights on. It's the lawn floor I've done in the rain. They don't understand. They turn the flashes on. Yeah, don't you love people that drive with their hazard lights on? I guess that's what it is. Yeah, they don't understand what they're all in emergency. I got one for your pole, pal. George Wallace. And I got another one. Who? Which most people don't remember, but you might or will fathers. Remember him? Yes. And Arkansas. There you go, pal. There you go. Thanks a lot, pal. And careful out there. If you see you, be you as or will fathers. That was back to him then real. Like unless your maddox, all right, there's another one. All I'm going to do is put some dead people on there. George Wallace or will fathers and less dramatic. Drull and Yahoo's, man. They didn't like them. Oh, and speak to that that. I just go for a. Fobbos. FAUBUS or will fathers. I wasn't either governor Arkansas or my wrong about that. I'll tell you what I'm going to do right now. Since I don't want to leave a man's job. Let's see. FAU. I hope I'm sponi. How do I know? I haven't seen that even print. Orville Fobbos. Syria go or the National Guard to bar the admins of he was Arkansas governor of black students. What a weird guy. What? What? That guy. I saw those news during the 50s. The Yadiadi. The 54 Supreme Corrolling in case of brown versus border education. Pleased to damaging blow to the hearts of many white segregationists. And, uh, oh, this thing goes on forever. I'm never going to find horrible Fobbos. Oh, yeah. Well, here it is. Tell me in cameras were rolling as white mob threatened to black students with physical harm as they unsuccessfully attempted to write the doors of the school black civil rights leaders pressured president Eisenhower. This was in Arkansas, a little rock. The San federal troops to protect the rights of the students. As several presidents before him, he told the leaders that progress on the matter must come slowly after conferring with governor Fobbos. President Eisenhower had no choice but to act. He urged Fobbos to allow the students to win the school when thousands gathered to prevent the students from re-enering the school. Eisenhower again attempted to speak with the governor. Rather than re-enering the governor left the state on a business trip. Eisenhower federalized the Arkansas National Guards in a thousand pair of troops from the hundred first airborne to protect the nine black students for the first time since we construction. U.S. military forces were sent to to a state to assist blacks in restore order orville, Fobbos in little rock. How do you like that? Yeah, who before you were born? Showdown. You did a really, uh, love, orville, Fobbos, man. How much being an orville Fobbos, how about orville reddenbacher? Huh? He wasn't a red deck. He did out of here. Orville reddenbacher. He wore a bow tie. Yeah, he was from New England or something. He was one of them crusty New Englanders. You're right. Just like grandpa there in the country town lemonade spot. Right. Grandma, keep telling you, this is a true grandpa was only 41. He just drank too much of that goddamn country town. We get the 105 bucks yet for a van and per rescue. If we didn't, I may, uh, I may just take off. I may just go to lunch early. Take off, eh? No, I'm serious. What kind of crap is this? It was one thing when it was 700, you know, just joking about that. But 105 bucks to get to a nice even 38,000 to give us kind of like a jumping off point for our next appearance tomorrow with the world's going to be. Neppa auto parts. You cheap, miserable bastard, pretty. I'm serious. I'm not going to have done this with them people next week. I'm going to be there. I'll talk to Scott Junior only, basically, because I have to. I'm out and all. This is push where you'll buy something. Do you hear them? Hey, I'm proud you're now Russian laden. And I like scrawling my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels. And listening to the mirror. Okay. I'm going to use the hour. Take a time for the world. This is today's man. Uh-uh. Let me tell you about infern. Chairs. You know the aluminum chatting with the toilet seat in the middle. I always wondered what the pointy those things were. And now I'm old enough to know. It makes it easy to take a dump. Oh, like when you go shopping. Stop it on the back of your scooter. When you gotta go, you just take a dump. But there are no flaw honey. Because when you're elderly, you got the right. Oh, Mr. Mymosteans, lonely joke down the street. In his white muggy, lift the stain on his bench seat. Because he didn't have one at them, cheers. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh he was a little tied to that figure out, ah, hey, ah, right, so the ad does let's go duringacretion. man you people better get with it will announce in two Jerry Jones got one George Wallace herbal phobas list of Maddox and LBGL group momentarily. Book says Jessica Lynch was raped she was raped it did you know that? No I did not. A book about former army pfc Jessica Lynch as he was sexually assaulted by her Iraqi captors according to the New York Daily News which obtained an advanced copy of the book Lynch has no memory of this song. Well she conveniently forgot everything because the book and the movie and all these stories and all the news reports we had nothing to do with reality. The biography authorized by Lynch as scars on her body and medical records indicate she was satimized. Lynch and author Rick Bragg received a reported million dollars from publisher Alfred Knott for the book the records don't tell her captors assaulted her almost lifeless broken body after she was lifted from her message or if they assaulted her and then broke her bones and the splinters until she was almost dead Bragg right according to the Daily News. Lynch suffered broken bones and other injuries when she was ambushed in the southern Iraqi city of Nazarena March 23. Her rescue on April 1 made her a celebrity she returned home to Palestine with Virginia in July to a heroes welcome after long hospital stay. The book dispels some of the myths that have grown around Lynch's story including initial reports that she put up a fierce fight against her Iraqi attackers Lynch said that her M16 Jan making an impossible to fire her shot. I didn't this is what she said this is a red quote. Yeah, I didn't kill nobody. Okay, Lynch also spoke of kindness from Iraqi doctors nurses. She denied an assertion by a rocky lawyer Mohammed Oda al-Raiif that she was slapped by one of Iraqi captors as she lay in a hospital bed unless they hit me while I was asleep and why do that she said? Fuck. And they because they enjoyed it. But she said I didn't kill nobody. She didn't have, uh, he couldn't kill nobody because of gun jam. For a thing, jammed. Damn it. She said, jam up in jelly tight. That's what's grand. Oh, he says, nobody laughs. Speaking of jam, can I send out a personal message inside or no this guy's number? Yeah. Hey Andy, don't bring the food next Tuesday. What does that mean? He was going to send me some food from Nostory Farm and I won't be hearing you. I don't know where we don't want any food. There were no food in my studio when I'm there that week. You can bet your Scott's life on that and throwing Gregory as well. No chance. No way. Who's there enough of that already? Well, that would the last time. Let's see, back in February, I was there for a couple of months. And I had a stroke. Then I was there in the summer time for a week. And I had the 45 pounds of bacon that how we sit over that turned my intestines inside out that I still recovered from. In fact, just be during the break. I popping out of these mellots, tablets, the anti gas, anti-flatulate extra strain. There are reason I keep eating these as they taste so damn good. Wild Jerry, wild wild berry. Hmm. They'd be good. If you're not supposed to eat too many of them, no. Well, I think you hear this. Patriot acts as laws used can cause and concern. This is from the review journal, the LA. I mean, the LA's Vegas newspaper. The investigation of strip club owner Michael Galardy and numerous politicians appears to be the first time. Federal authorities have used the Patriot Act in a public corruption probe. Government officials said to say they knew of no other incidents in which federal agents of resting allegations such as racketeering and bribe of politicians have employed the Patriot Act. Even Bill Bill checking to have me about it. I don't know that it's been used in a public corruption case before this had Mark Corralo-Away spokesman for Justice Department or is that Corralo? No, it's Corralo. These can a joke, Corralo. And attorney for one of the defendants in the Galardy case that he researched the matter for hours to then came to the same conclusion. I've discussed this with lawyers all over the country. If the government's done this before, then this is definitely the first time its come to light said Vegas attorney Dominic Gentile who represents the former Clark County Commissioner Lawrence Alanse Malone, Galardy's lobbyist. Two of Nevada's lawmakers blasted the FBI from applying the Act in the Galardy probe saying the agency overstepped its bounds, Senator Harry Reid, Democrat and Nevada said Congress intended the Patriot Act to help federal authorities root out threats from terrorists and spies after the 911 attacks. The law was intended for activities related to terrorism and not to nick it women said Reid who has minority whippers the second most powerful Democrat in the Senate. Let me say with Galardy and his whole gang, I don't condone a appreciate or support all their nakedness, but having said that I haven't heard anyone say at any time, he was involved with terrorism. Maybe John Askrov said, why he's just like when he saw that naked state. Maybe he was terrorized. Representative Shelley Berkeley of Nevada said she was preparing an inquiry to the FBI about its guidelines for using the Patriot Act in case of the Donin Vol. terrorism. The law makes it easy for citizens rights to be abused. He said, wow, what a concept. It was never my intention that the Patriot Act be used for garden variety cramps and investigations Berkeley said. But Corralo and Cislamicers were fully aware of the Patriot Act had a far reaching implications beyond fighting terrorism when the legislation was adopted October 2001. I think a lot of members of Congress were only interested in the anti-terrorism measures Corralo said, but when a judiciary committee said down both Republicans and Democrats, the obviously discussed the applications that certain provisions could be used in regular criminal investigations. Federal authorities confirmed Monday the FBI used to pay to be attacked to get financial information and its probe of Galardy and his deemings with current informer politicians and so the Nevada. One source said two Las Vegas stockbrokers were facts of penis October 20 asking for records for many of those identified either as a targeted subject of the investigation. The list includes Galardy owner of Jaguars and Cheetah's topless clubs, Malone former commissioner Aaron Kenny and a bunch of other people we never heard of. I didn't like that. The Patriot Act is going after naked boobies man. We never know how to do that. Huh? We never thought they'd do that. Well, maybe John S. Crofton arranged to at least have him covered up a little bit like that. That's that, you. We don't like naked titties in the abortion administration. Now you're in Dantia that right now, man. The pasty of that. And that's right. They're going to cover up them pasties with some nice sweet pastries. Mm-hmm. Ha ha ha ha ha. I was going to make it crack about Dany's, but they wouldn't appreciate it. They'll screw that. Here's a, okay, here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Yeah, Andrew Jackson. The Vegas y'all. Andy Jackson. No, Andrew Jackson. Evident. Andrew Jackson. Yeah, Charlie Killall in the end of Florida. Andy, he's a good old boy. Is he not in President Andy Janssen? The John Johnson? Are he Johnson? I wonder if he ever knew Andy Jackson. See this probably has got to be people that we, we even even have like some pictures of. We do have Andrew Jackson on a $20 bill, right? Right. Is he on a $20? He's on a $20. You never had one that big. Yeah, I think he's on a $20. I'll check. You got a $20? Woo! Oh, there. Okay, so we were talking about the, what? Yeah. That's Jackson. Andrew Jackson. What I tell you, boy, I'm on a road today. I've, I'm as well, quit while I'm ahead. Since we don't have the other 105 bucks for a ban in Petruscue, and my colleagues in courts, they're you, people are tighter than a goddamn, which is ass. Man. Just unbeleably embarrassing. Well, let's see, speaking of the tight was, we got the mad dog at two. He's tight. All right. The Humperate Four, he's to busy with the Danny Ferry. You got her, Koon Hotline from Tony Romas at seven. Eddie K. Out and on Vegas, look at that. What a segue. He's probably looking at some movies. Eddie and Vegas, nine to two. What kind of a show was that nine to two? Since when does he do that? Hello. I was probably as the bonus to the audience, because we didn't want to bring in the big, oh, one hour, nothing him already. And Joe and Mark overnight. And of course, my close best personal friend, my new main man, not. Absolutely. In the morning. That's our schedule and for rally to 10. Who better bring in, check into my god damn it. I'm, I'm tired of this crap. I feel like, you know, look, you do with the dog. You teach him to big. That's how I feel. Get up on your hind legs, Neil, and put your paws up in the air. And beg, and maybe we'll give you a few bucks. Didn't have to beg the beast brought in money. And Clara, what's in there? Not Clara's Curtis, right? That's the great part about that place. The people who are making the most money with one exception being me. The people who are making the most money, they're given the least. They're doing nothing. They won't look to finger. Well, they some of them did look to finger, not too happy about which one it was either. George W. 120 votes. He's doing it, baby. The biggest drooling Yahoo of them all. Jesse, how much? 72, Strom, Thurman, 68. And then it's way down. It's only a three-horse race so far to Toby Keech. One, a three, Dr. Phil 22. Steve Spurrier 10. Terry Bradshaw is up to eight. Terry Bowden is up to seven. John Rocker is seven. Willie Nelson, two Jerry Jones won. None yet for George Wallace orville Favis. Less dramatic, so well, BJ. Because the Saudi is a bunch of punts. They don't even know who they're. Those people work. And the people old enough to remember. They, somebody, somebody teach them how to use the computer, okay? The only online they know is when they're shopping at publics, then they're waiting online. Yeah. Mike and Plantation said, oh, it is a good one. Let me give you a little clue is to what Mike and Plantation says. The media is sick and it's not bad. Although she did happen to be right there. Tammy Favaker and Jimmy Swagger. Excellent Mike and Plantation. Telefangelist, most of them are, and I got another one for you. Jimmy Swagger, Tammy Favaker, and I don't know how you spell his name. Ernest Angely. Say, baby, baby. I'll spell it with an angley. Angely. I think he's like from angly. Man, he is brutal. That's bad, bad here, piece. We've been telling them for years. Put your hands on your head, Ernest, and pray the Lord to heal your bald spot. And he just won't do it. Or go see Chuck Alphair. He won't do it. God, one of the worst hairpieces even Sam Donaldson laughs his ass off of that piece of crap. Say, baby, baby. In fact, you notice almost all the telepangelists are a dripping Yahoo's. Except for that Reverend Schuler, they were just crystal-free guy. The feed will. They like to preach to the choir. That's right. That whole religion, they man and southern Baptist. Good old boy. 1213 at 560 WQM, your anti-Christation, your heathen station, your noble crap for us station, none of the gone crap for us. We are too smart for that. Imagine zero closing costs on your next mortgage. Imagine this, zero application fee, zero credit bureau fee, zero discounted points. Imagine new piece of copy from Todd Rexam, they that actually reads and has somebody tacked out with all the other crap in it. This will be the last mortgage you'll ever need. The Revolutionary Only One Mortgage from Financial Group. Now with interest rate, it just 1.95% which means, for example, for instance. If you have a $200,000 loan, your payments are only $738 bucks a month. Once you eat finance, you'll get a new home mortgage from financial group you'll never, ever, never, ever, pay closing costs again. So get more info about it called 1-800-940-Lin. Grab real financing power with the low rate mortgage you can move to your next property without any further cost of expense. Only One Mortgage from Financial Group, that's what it's called. For details, call 1-800-940-Lin, it's a whole new way in a smart way to buy. There is zero underwriting fee, a pay zero dot fee, zero prepayment penalty, zero closing costs even when you move to another property. So get yourself financing it to the astonishingly breathtakingly low rate of 1.95% and never pay closing costs again. Coffin, I should group today and find out about it. Call 1-800-940-Lin, 1-800-940-Lin, the equal housing lender. Restrictions apply rates up due to change monthly, 5.19 APR. RIDE IN LOCO. Here's sports video 562. SUA-M. P'Shenquipe. And I don't need to listen to Bernie Fag. Party Frank, hang in in my ear because I've made a few bucks out of a book I worked on. OK, this is the Siegfried and Dennis Miller on National Let's Begin. OK, Mr. Dennis Milach, if you're in, go to the giving you this match. One. Oh, hang out a second here. You give him a one. Dr. Freud picked up the white courtesy phone. Hey, nice self-pitch. You got there, Siky. Yeah, you look like Carson Cresley after he rated evil Kenevill's wardrobe. Hey, listen, Liberace. All right, this is going to work, God. OK, in my mind, there hasn't been a decent two-sum of Vegas since Louis pre-American Keeley Smith. OK. I mean, I don't want to go off on a ride here. Oh, yeah, thank you, Mr. Miller. We'll answer. OK, well, I'll leave you with the words of our committees. All right, look it up. Never head on 16. OK, next. Putting him on putting Dennis Miller on with Sikfried and raw. If you're putting Leeg Gillette on the New Roger show on Zeta, kind of the same thing. OK. 1218 at 560W to QM-128,000 new troops sent next year, beginning of the year to Iraq. We're going to hold much of people back 100 and some out 1,000. That's what Rummy says here on Gary Rumsfeld, the United Nations. Yeah. 5605, 605. Oh, 601. Dick Army. That's why I played that drop in there. Dick Army, ARNY. Jewel and Redneck from Texas. Remember Dick Army? That's a little bit. He don't have from Barney Fag. He likes piece of quiet. He likes a piece. Quietly. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. So? Yes, sir. Yeah. Oh, that was great. Reading yesterday. The only one thing I came away with was where's Ken Star when you need him? And that. Another one for your pull is a guy from Mississippi Tramlawn. Tramlawn is actually wither without the pompoms. Definitely. Well, I have a good afternoon and happy birthday, man. Thanks a lot, Palai. Have a great day. Man, Trent Laugh is actually a man. You talk about a drooling. Yeah, who he might be. He might be the definitive one, you know? Maybe. Might not as good as Tramlawn. And certainly it could be W. Nobody can be W because like I said, if anybody did, he'd have the election returns over it turn anyway. They'd overturn a result. 133 votes. He's like, he's going to have like more than W. He's going to have like triple. That's face it. They hate him like poison. They hate him. They despise him. Unlike us who just find him revolting and disgusting and grotesque and dumb and dangerous. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T. How about that 105 box house that's coming? Oh, he got it in the microwave here. Come on, he did up. Put some changing air. Maybe we can make them popcorn. Put a few reporters and have dollars in there. Maybe they'll like multiply. Put a few kernels in there. Here's a call from Hollywood. Hello. No. Yes, sir. Wow. That the book is the greatest. Yes, it is. You read it, but you know, but I read the book and it's so good for you. Thank you. Good. Did you read the Franken book yet? No, I got it sitting on the floor and the other where I got about six folks lined up there that I got to read. It's funny to tell. I mean, it's funnier than Michael Moore actually. It's really funny. If you can get the audio version, he does it himself. And then again, nine hours stand up routine. It's actually good. Yeah, so I don't know how would recommend it. And not I'm for your list. I would have that guy on the morning edition. He does those. He's that the radio, the cowboy poet and the small animals. Veterinary and I don't know if I can't remember his name is. But he tried to be like a, yeah, who in a lecture type of guy. Yeah. I don't know. He never heard it. You don't know who he is. I don't know how you who that is. Well, he should be on that list because he's a dumb man. Okay, somebody will know. Thanks a lot, Pally. Have a day five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on the how could we love Trent Laude off of their huh? Or so many jewel and idiots and so little time. Trent freaking lot. Senator McCain warns against reducing troops in Iraq. You ask military forces. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound pound. I'm getting impatient about that 105 bucks. I'm starting my him or is there starting to push me? But no, I really am. I just I don't understand what it takes. And I know some of them people are listening. They just absolutely positively absolutely will not participate. They will I'll tell you one little bastard in that place. He's never given one dime for anything that we've raised money for ever ever. Yeah. And that's our little twerp guilty ever. I think I got a wife and a little kid. Yeah, right. Never gave us a penny. A scents. For anything whether or was center one whether was a plan parenthood, but it was abandoned pair rescue no matter what that was. See sometimes people say, oh well, they just want to be involved in center one. Because that's a gait thing. You know, or something stupid thing like that. Okay. How about Camilla sauce was that a gait thing? No, no, no, no. Oh, that's right, but it was with the Catholic church. Maybe one there you go. Plan parenthood. Well, that's a liberal thing, you know. Oh. And what about a panorama? Well, that's an animal thing. That's a pita thing. It's a one. A pita thing. Liberals. Pippin. Pita. Pita. I'm not saying that. So cares about that. Pita. Yeah, who now cares about little animals, how about starving little dogs and cats? Right. Here's a call from my board. Look at all of my emicoals under. It's kind of scary in it. Here's Miami. Hello. How come the old? Yes, sir. Happy to wait a birthday to you. Thank you. And happy early birthday for me for some day. All right. So you need a birthday? You mentioned anything that in the floor. Oh, thank you very much. You're welcome. You mentioned it's even the first hour. And I can't believe you didn't see to put his name on the wish. Automatically judge Roy Moore. Oh, yeah, judge Roy. Oh, I'm a lawyer. Let's vote. Yeah. Somebody out there vote for me. I don't have a computer. So, okay. Okay. We'll do it for you. Adam material. Thanks. Don't break the app all. I have a great life. Judge Roy Moore. You ain't going to take them. Tank Commandments. Way for me. You're going to burn in hell. I'm going to a higher authority than folks in Hebrew National. 5605060. 560 on the AT&T. And you wonder when you look at that Electoral map. You wonder about the red states and the blue states and the purple states and the purple people eat are all of these things and a little purple pill called nexium. Does that stuff really work? Dota. I'm here some good stuff about that. I hear the nexium really gets a job done for the pharmaceutical companies. What? Oh, and I had a big story about the Canadian. I don't even want to go into it anymore. I'm so tired of it. You know, oh, and in other drugs that you're getting from Canada, they're coming in from China and from India and I don't know is nowhere and from Sri Lanka and there's a whole bunch of pus and crap in the can and the bottle and whatever. And of course the best part of the deal is that some people in America are so stupid they actually believe it. Oh, it's coming from Canada. Oh, what I mean is probably coming like from Indonesia. Oh, it's coming from like the Antarctica. Probably be like frozen pills. So we sure as hell. I want them Canadian drugs down here, you know? Even though the container, the little thing and the labeled all look exactly the same, huh? It's just a substance. It's just a counterfeit. We know that because it's coming from Canada. It's like it's the Tainted Canadian meat sugar pills. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Yeah, I got a couple of yachts for you. Yes, sir. How about James Corville and Senator Robert Burke? Oh, two good ones. You liked that. I love that. I think anybody who votes for a resolution calling for regime change in Iraq. And then flip-flops. See now you're talking politics, bell, which is five, but that's not what we're talking about. James Carville, I mean, you know, this guy obviously don't like them. A threats which is fine. You're in tell. They're like four or five, but like you. But you're right. James Carville is a jewel in Nalyahu and Senator Robert Burke is not only a jeweling, but an ancient, uh, Seattle, old Yahoo. That bird with a why? That's bird with a why who used to be a card care member of the Kuplux plan many years ago. But he's seen the era his ways. Robert Bird from West Virginia with a banjo on his knee. See this guy was fine that you want to put them on there, but then you want to go into a hopeful little speech about Robert Bird did this and did that. Yeah, he's got a lot of company by the way. I should point that out. Vum Phillips, oh, there's a good one. Vum Phillips, the es football coach of the Houston or as I'm being asked about Don Shulay, he quoted, he can take it. He can take his and beat urine and turn around and take urine and beat his and. Oh, that's just good. This is for me. Let me read it again. He can take his and beat urine and he can turn around and take urine and beat his and. You're taking urine. Oh, sure all the time. Back to my. And look. I'm going. El. This is Randy West and as for our phone conversation, I taught to Peter North the other day. He tells me your real name is Neil Down and he's still an interested. This ball's cursed teams, the Boston Red Sox and the Chicago Cust came with enough few outs of the 2003 World Series. Now you can relive all the cursing with this commemorative video from sports irritated. And I'm a cursing of other. So Red Sox and comes a season of cursing. Ray with your subscription to sports irritated profiles every curse from this year's pro-fane postseason. This have seen all my two baseballs most of the curse teams captures every throw to first every throw to home every beer bottle thrown at the TV set. The ghost of the band, you know what I'm saying about the Red Sox and Cubs season of cursing. If you love it too, subscribe to sports irritated now. Get the video and as a bonus, we'll throw in this special. I'm a loser, splat shirt. Absolutely free. The only an SSL because cousin Red Sox fans are the biggest loser. It's 1232 at 560 WKM. You do realize today is the 6th November right and we don't even have 40 grand yet for a band in part. But I don't even have 38. However, but current events, yes, we set news. Yes, we got a check here from our best close personal friend Dave Hagen and his wife. Okay. 50 bucks. So now we're 55 bucks shy as the pattern of people that can least. Oh yeah, it's really interesting. Dave Hagen and his wife Dave who's like a flucky sports and nerd guy there who's probably getting paid about six bucks an hour. Maybe. Who's a good guy? Never stole a freight train comes to what it's like for 50. Beast comes up with a check for 100. Curtis a check for 100. Chris is making like a $1.75 an hour there. Mm-hmm. And yet the guys with a big bucks there all the big shots all the big celebrities. Is there any assistance whatsoever so far? No. No. Tough came too big time. I don't want to start mentioning because then I'll leave somebody out. You know, like, great period. Yeah, came through right. Who else? Right. And Adam and Seals. What about all the other sales people that are siphoning off from this guy, damn show tons and tons and tons of cash. Every day when they sit down with their family at the dinner table and they lift the fork to that guy damn out there, forking us. That's right because it's our money that put that food on the table from this show. It's the commissioner getting from a sight-thing off on this show. And what do we get back from them? Not even at. Not even a good worth of it. 55 bucks is all we're sure to get us to 38 grand and then I'll dummy up for the rest of the day. We just $55. And you're right. The people that are coming true for us, I'm almost embarrassed to take their money because these people can't afford it. But they still give a crap enough to try to help us. We should have a charity for them. That's right. You're right. We should be collecting money for the people that are helping us out. Most of them need it. It's always that way. The ones who can afford for the most part, they wouldn't give you the time of day for 50 cents. I'm humiliate. I'm disgusted. We want it now, Josh. Josh was very embarrassed. You miserable cheap piece of crap. I'm not really matched. You, you was going to want to you of him. Let's see the minute. I'm listening. He was going to give it to you in person and the check too. I don't want it from him in person. Believe you, me. Nothing. He's got that I want. 755 bucks. So now he'll give it to you in person. Yeah. In personal. What? 55 bucks? Nice. That he's pledging 100. 100. Yeah. Woo. Have me, duty. That puts us over 38 grand. What do we need 55 cents? And now we got 38,045 bucks if my math is correct. Right? Right. No. Yeah. No. 38,045. Well, what do you mean you don't know? You're supposed to be a, what do you mean? I don't know. You're supposed to be a member. Well, I'm a math magician, man. I know my numbers. I've seen a few good numbers. And don't a few. Recently. Here's the fact that it's thanks a lot, Clarence. Okay. Better late than never. You slay a. You're going to give it to me in person. You are so full of it, man. So full of crap. Our gym neighbors in Andy Griffith, whoever sent this face must have watched the CBS special the other night to 75 your anniversary special because they were on the together. Right. I noticed Andy didn't stand too close to them. But they were on the other. I never really was gym neighbors a real Yahoo because I don't know any grip. It was just acting like one. We're both of them more. See that was going to be my comment. Because gym neighbors have ever heard his music. He's saying that old man. We were like, that was the funny part of it. Is that Goma Pau? You talk like this, Mr. Yeah. And then that old man. So he said, yeah, that's right. So that was just to put on an Andy Griffith the same thing. Andy was kind of like, I wouldn't say a big city slicker. But he was he would know dummy Andy Griffith. What do you mean was he stole a lot? So there you go. We'd appreciate that fast for when I put them on there. NPR given record donation. See, look at this. Nothing to make me cry. She didn't leave us anything, Joan Crock. You know who her husband was? Right. Ray Crock. You know what he started? The Crock pot? McDonald's. Oh yeah. Then he died. Joan inherited McDonald's all that money. You know, she just recently, that at least she was a philanthropist. Joan Crock, she left $2 million dollars. The largest donation in the history of NPR in National Public Radio. The request from the widow of the founder of the McDonald's fast food chain, both shocked and delighted people. And NPR's headquarters in Washington yesterday. It wants to almost twice NPR's annual operating budget. Somebody wants to hold us to Peter North. They said, no one saw this coming. Squirts courts said one person. You know, he could have been dangerous in this day, Peter North. Yeah. The nonprofit organization, which will disclose details of the request that a news conference is after noon COVID-19, the largest monetary gift ever received by an American cultural institution in a brief announcement to what staff yesterday. And they all said, okay, good. Let's divute up. 200 million. I'll take 200 million. Fing dollars for National Public Radio. You know what, that's that's like $10 very little listener. What would he laugh at about how many people in America listening to NPR? Not third man. And no, tell me, I know you listen to what I've been. I have never heard it in my life. Oh, Neil, how could you say that? I've never heard in my life. I wouldn't know where to held a fight it on the dial in Miami. Well, you might want to when you get in time because you know what? What? Our good friend. The last name is on there now. No, like I said, I would never dream of turning it on. Why would I want to hear NPR? Oh, it's riveting. Cron 75 that a brain cancer October 12th in San Diego. She'd been a long time listener of NPR's local affiliate KPBS, but had no formal association with NPR or the funding of it. People in NPR said she expressed admiration for their coverage and events being up to the war and reporting the war itself. Her gift to NPR is one of several that flow from her state. Last week, the University of Macau's the San Diego Pop raise. Hydra's. We're owned by Ray Crock and then she took it over around the team after he died. Last week, the University of San Diego and the University of Notre Dame and I, oh no, see, I was going to say something good about it, but she gave 50 million to Notre Dame. Oh, Jesus Christ. $50 million to that anxious, obnoxious, disgusting, organization. It's big, Neil. It's big and above. Screw you, Regis. In 1998, you gave 25 minutes to USD, San Diego, for establishment of the Jompee Crock Institute for Peace and Justice. Now Notre Dame has a similar institution, which was established in 1986. With a long history of philanthropy, she donated to individual public radio stations in the past $200 million for NPR from Jomacroc and now she's dead. Oh, after the break, I got into the mirror, elephant, the latest update. Oh, good. I just want to say this, okay, to Bishop Victor Curry, you are a, you're an asshole, man. Always have been always will be. He's low kid, Curry. He is so consistently full of craft this man on his WMBM on his little sports station here. This guy is just pathetic. Always trying to get me off the air, always a miscoating things that I say, a real Ojo provocateur, Bishop Curry. And he's part of this whole thing. Oh, well, you better keep Miriam elephant, don't or penalty, you know, whatever. Pently or what? What are you going to do, Victor? Sure, some old pork rinds, enter. Christal mighty. Anyway, this is the same stuff. It's just neurotic repetition. Always, oh, we're going to pressure you into this. And we're going to pressure you into that. You better do this. And we're going to like boy, copper, us screw you already, okay? Everyone Nelson Mandela came to a, to Miami Beach. Right, oh, they didn't yours in years ago. Jen, they didn't give him the key to the city. They didn't lick him the right way in the right place. And then here, not too long ago, they had like a usual formal apology. So it was not to get all the unrest of the, you know, the Ojo provocateur, Goya, because in Nelson, Freaking Man, Della. 20 till 1 a Q a m, it won't be long now before all those relative starts showing up for the holidays. Maybe your parents are coming on for the entire winter. God forbid, in either case, if you need a new mattress in the house, and do the smart thing, the people of Q a m are doing it to call 1800 mattress. Not just I, but a whole bunch of other people, George uses them, Miguel, Volca, Brian, even fat boy ordered an extra king-sized king. And for all would like to. And for all, well, I might as well, if we're all wants his bed fat boy, you lazy, no good piece of turt. I understand you busy eating. Hi, I'm Pauline. But get off your fat ass or just reach over a grab your instrument there in a phone too, and get up on your walker while over to the thing and they get with it. For L. once his bed from Della mattress, he's probably even willing to pay for it. Cost. Anyway, forget about that, uh, bunch of crappy get from the other, uh, mattress people in your bedding in department stores, because the mattress industry is full of phony claims and shell games. It's not a mattress, no phony promises, no bait and swish, no, uh, crap. Just discount prices every day on the brand names you know and trust. Now, including Stearns and Foster Hewitt. And when you call dial a mattress at 1800 mattress, you'll hear this sound. Hi, I'm Pauline. You picked a day in time for delivery with a need to our window seven days a week from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. I've been sleeping on a mattress from these folks for years and you're back full. Thank you. You're back. Well, actually, like a little voice will open in your back. Say, thank you. In fact, I'd leave and say, Hi, I'm Pauline. On the sales prices fantastic service every day low prices same day delivery and free setup and removal. So it's easy to see live dial a mattress is ranked the best in the world of customer satisfaction. Don't be fooled. Don't get sucked in by those so-called giants in the Matt history industry or the furniture stores where you're paying to help them for their big overhead. They can't match what you get every day of your life from dial a mattress. Pick up the phone now. Call 1-800-MATT-RES 1-800-MATT-RES or online. Check them out at mattress.com. This is Fortraniel, by 60. Just take you back. I grant you a routine, nature. Remember sitting on your porch on a cool summer evening. Fapping a zit with your fingers and an eating it. Well, the great taste is back at the bus palace. Yes, delicious, creamy, soft serve, plus in a corner-addished with your choice of toppings. All the great taste of your body you enjoy does a game. Like warm earwax. Scab chips. At our new booker bits. The bus palace. Ice cream, you scream. We all scream for us. And of course when Greg Reed comes around and building, opening up his mouth, everybody screams because he's got like tankers man. From his stripto cockaw or whatever he's got. Cockaw. Slob. Oh, I gotta say this when we go to the last bit about the bus. Yeah. The great, well, not the greatest. I mean, like, you know, when you, you, I don't want to do it now because I got that. You're in effect, which is really good. Thanks for that suggestion. The polysporan by the way, coming along good. Yeah, been there, done that. Oh, have you? Well, I've had an infected, uh, put behind your ear. Like when you rub behind your ear and then you, oh, man, it sometimes feels pretty good. I don't know. You were gonna say, uh, when you get a nice blackhead and it, uh, just like, I never get a blackhead about that. I'm talking about aromas about that power. Oh, no. Behind your ear, you're like snow-aballied by that. But one of the best that I'm doing right now because I'm sitting here in my box of shorts. Hmm. Yeah. What are you? No, what? What? What? What did you say? Nothing. From my disease. You're navel. Yeah. No. That has to be done. Oh, no, you're wrong. You have to be done with a middle finger. Yeah, smoke like this. Dickey, night does not smell. Maybe like you're ass. Not mine. Jesus Christ. Yeah, oh, I only wish we had smell or radio man. You could smell. You'd say, well, that smells pretty good. I'm glad you said it. Everybody try it. What did you have for lunch? Okay, let's do a scratch your speaker. Let's sniff it. Okay. Wow. The Eric speaking a sniff at a big fat one. Eric has got the newsweek story up there. Nice going, Eric. Thank you. Lost opportunity. On the eve of the invasion of Iraq defense. The officials were offered a secret. Back channel opportunity to talk peace with Sodom. And of course, the powers that be said. Oh, uh-huh. You see, we've had articles on here for those of you who actually read, which I know is revolutionary about the fact that this kind of like shadow government is really running the whole deal now. It's Cheney and Rumsfeld and Wolfowitz and Pearl and all of this bunch of lunatics. These chicken hawks. They're running the goddamn show. In case you hadn't figured it out yet, Alfredi Newman, he's just a face man. He's just the connection to the God squad. That's all. Speaking of that, Black ministers fight to keep Miriam elephant as Broward elections chief. Can you believe this in? Oh, what? In a live radio broadcast, it ran almost three hours. Some Broward County Black creatures yesterday stood firmly behind Miriam elephant chastised Black politicians who would draw their support and found to use the power of the pulpit to keep the beleaguered election supervisor in Orphus. We still support Miriam elephant said the Reverend Eric Jones of Coynonia worship center in Carver Ranches. Coynids the- what? Coynio worship center? Coynonia. Oh. Coynonia. In Carver Ranches who has the southwest guard ministers alliance, we try to stay away from the black and white issues, but it's hard not to play the raceguard when it's on the table. It's obvious to us there's no ration. I hate to break the news to your Reverend Jones. That's his name. His name is Reverend Eric Jones. And Reverend John. Yeah, I hate to break the news to you, but there ain't no or raceguard on the knew what it's called. Non-Compas penis is what it's called. Okay, Reverend. She's incompetent. She can't get to job done. What if she's black, brown, white, purple, pink, green? You're gay. No, not that Reverend Jones. A day after a mailed in an election in which 17% of the ballots sent to the voters were returned as undi-liverable, members of the Broward Ministerial Alliance and Alliance announced yesterday they would take to their pulpit immediately to urge their congregations to write the governor to show support for elephant. The meeting underscored a deepening riff between black preachers and black elected officials. The preachers, man, you put them together. They got a collection of IQ about. I'm third man. It may be Marym today said Bishop Victor T. Curry, host of the morning glory hole radio show on WMBM1490, which broadcast from the Broward Ministerial Alliance meeting at Ebenees or missionary Baptist Church in Helen Dale Beach. Do you think Ebenees or Scrooge had something to do with that? Ebenees and I Ebenees are my ass. It could be Christmas tomorrow. I'll see Hastings tomorrow, Joe Eguelitian next year said Curry, referring to the State House Democrat leader, the congressman in the Broward County Commissioner respectively. We should have each other's backs. We're not condoning wrong, which has been cleared of ethics charges. We're not talking about a criminal here. Tell we're just talking about somebody who's incompetent. You idiot? I'm yesterday's Broward cast Elephant spent an hour discussing her plan and defending her office. The supervisor said that all her office was in adequately funded by the County Commission. She had run successful elections, including Tuesday's mail-in, since the mistake riddled with Governor Tura primary, September 2002. I struggle with budget issues Elephant said I have an adequate budget. I've tried to work it out when in that work it out and seek assistance with the County Commissioners. Where do I go from here is what my lawyers and I talk about? Reiterating her responses in a 10 page letter sent to Governor Jeff Bush on Tuesday, she challenged the credibility of a severely critical report on her office. Written by a State Task Force to report described the office in disarray, lacking leadership and not undertaking task urgently needed to prepare for next year's voting. Oh my god, I can just see the hang and chads all over again now in. Wow, oh god. I can see we're going to have to get that judged down from Palm Beach to the moment that Diggy Voli keeps looking up to the sky and oh Google I keeps looking through that hole. Man, with political leaders including Broward County Commissioners calling for her removal, Bush is given all of a fan until Monday to address the deficiencies or faces suspension. In her letter of the Governor, she said the review was an effort to what is it that every time you dark folks you know all better, a shape it's got to be about another dark. What is that all about? That's because we don't want to play the race card, but we will. That whole thing there would have black power salute at the end of that trial. That was the one the most disgusting. And you know this business about well, payback is invention. What is that? What's right for the goose is right for the gander? What's wrong for the goose is also wrong for the gander? You idiots, you mindless morons, you've cycled in due, like Bishop Curry and Kid Curry, but that's wrong with you. I heard that music you're playing Mr. at sucks. 56070560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Marbleson, welcome for the biggest drooling Yahoo of the mall. Here's a call from Margate, hello. Margot, yes sir. Hey Neil, I got a question for you. Is this a singer on your list? That's a good one. Oh, he's got to be stopped dog because I think he was the first of the Republicans to start all this nonsense and then it followed down the trend lot in our body else. Yeah, he was he was the original Aya who. Yeah, he is. I haven't been birthday and joyless to you. Thanks a lot. Yeah. Newt Gengrich, he belongs to an airman. He's still doing a hanky panky. His wife is still buying a cancer and he's still screwing around on the side. Coming to the hospital and saying, hey, decided to horse paper sweetheart. You bitch. What I mean, it's the same old. It's like Rush Limbaugh all over again, same crap. Finger pointing hypocritical sack of crap, newt Henry Hyde. Henry and his hide in that family he destroyed over there in Western. Then he broke up, lied to the bitch and told her that, oh well, I'm not married. I'm just a bomb vivaant the congressman who's prematurely white-haired. Yeah. He's a crap and he and he's pontificating about Bubba and a blow jobs. Just like to go to Henry's design. Bob, what that was his name, Bob. Bob, well, at Livingston, that's right. Mr. Livingston, I presume. Oh, well, how do you like that? That map. If you're going to start, you know, with this whole thing about everybody's sexual pecker dealers, then it's going to be an endless list. endless list. And let me say it again. The ones in the closet who are pointing the fingers, the newt Gengriches in the world. The Bob Livingston's in the world. The Henry tried to hide it of the world. These are the ones that got that as skeletons are rattling around. Let's look at God damn. It looks like a medical lab in their closet. It looks like you have had medical school, what's they do have one? You know, somebody ever talks about Gengriches in the US. Huh? They do that there? Because, like I said yesterday, a USU of M education is an oxymoron. I thought it was just football and rape. I don't want to start in on that so-called diabetes expert there at the USU. And when he knows about diabetes, you could stuff up his ass and have about 400 pounds of glucose left over. He doesn't know anything about it, and then you're responsible for killing me. Many years ago, I don't want to mention no names. 5605056, the pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon line. Here's my me Gerdinselo. A meal to one on. Yes sir, how are you? I was about to donate those $55 as you needed, but I guess I'm right. That's so we got to talk about this. We got to talk about the hook for all time sake. I need to change it up a little bit. On the news coming up tonight, I don't know if it's channel 10 or channel MBC6, but they're going to have an investigation of bilingualism. They're going to send an American guy down the date county to see if anybody's speaking English. And they're going to send a Spanish person over down the Broward County. They're going to do some sort of experiment. I thought you would think it would be pretty interesting. So to see if anybody's speaking English? To see if anybody speaks English in date county. And then they're sending an American person over to the date county. I'm sorry, and a Spanish person to Broward County. English can't. Exactly. The title of the thing is, Avalok English is the name of the title of the story. I'm sorry, but you're going through that. I don't think everybody's going to be good enough. By the way, Jim Neighbors was fucking antigryphs. That was good. That was beautiful. Five six six six six. Five six six six. Five six six six. Five six six. On the 80 and see, yeah, he had a chocolate surprise. The goober must have run the camera. Oh, man. Look out for the tomato peels, Jim. Well, Andy liked his pasta, you know? All dente. Five six seven. Oh five six eight. I think it's a real good time for break. Oh, I don't listen to the one to two hour. Wouldn't be prudent at this time. Are you tripping? Oh, man. I must be tripping because your face is tripping. These folks are wearing Dr. Schmol's psychedelic insults. I'm tripping so hard. I might start slipping. Oh, when you talk, it sounds like a record, skipping. The gel and Dr. Schmol's psychedelic insults has a special ingredient that's pure ecstasy. Oh, are you tripping? I'm tripping like scottie-pipping. I am so tripping. I feel like tripping. Look, we do. I'm going to start on Siffin. Siffin. Your crash spot reality is slipping. And it's all thanks to Dr. Schmol's psychedelic insults. I got a buzz. It's totally ripened. I will go away. It's a minute after one at five, 60 WCM. I have a little lump. Maple lodge farms chicken breast roast sliced. For lunch. Everything is maple. Maple this maple. Maple lodge. Maple lodge. Maple everything. Maple on the ground. They love it. Maple cookies. Maple chewing gum. I'm not that crazy about maple. Are you? No. Not really. Ah, maple cookie. I don't know what we're not doing. Five, six, five, six, three. What? What are you eating the maple cookie? No, I'm eating the slice of chicken breast. Is it okay? Dr. Is that okay, Dr.? I'll check. And I'm taking it because I just popped a lever Quinn for my little ear infection. And Dr. is taking lever Quinn. I think Greg ought to be taking lever Quinn. Stick one in his breakfast. See, and by the way, don't stand up real fast, Greg. They have a tendency to fall out. Here's a lady in homestead. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hey, Pally. How you doing, Pally? I couldn't let today go by without wishing you a happy birthday. Hi, Pally! I've been listening to you, Neil, for years. I'll be here, then. I'll be here, then. I'm better wish him a happy birthday. Well, that was nice. How old are you, hundred? A hundred and sixty one. I'm joking, man. You're a hundred and sixty one. I'm not a shame. I'm proud of it. Have a great day, sweetheart. And I don't know what the topic is today, but I'll tell you. This is, can you place shit in the air? Can you? Can you place shit in the air? Oh, wait and for it to say the second time before I press it. What would it have been mean? I don't know. I think it was a crazy person. What? Past time. My sixth seven. See, I just took the first bite of my maple leaf. It was like chicken breast. You're an old son. She came out of the woodwork. Popped out. That guy along her wild the child. Man. Who is it was the biggest drooling Yahoo of them all? George W. Bush 157. He's got a hand down your pants. Strong Thurman 78. Jesse Helm 77. Dr. Filma, grow 38. You see after those top three, it's like really, it's like at another whole category. Yes, another whole. Toby Keith 24. Steve Spirier 15. Terry Bobbin 13. That's good. He's moving up the list. He's got to be in the running. John Rocker 10. Terry Bradshaw 8. Trent Lot. How come there's no one to only one T and Trent? Trent Lot. Four LBJ3 10. Fave Baker 3 Jimmy Swagger 2. Willie Nelson 2. George Wallace appear. Vol. Hennig James Carville 2. Robert Bird 2. Bum Phillips 2. Oville Fobbus 1. Jerry Jones 1. Judge Roy Moore 1. None yet for her in a stains. Lee Lester Maddox or Newt King Rich. Newt just went on her. You know, I want to tell you something about that awful guy. They'm sure which luckily they're taking it off. I think crossfire. Okay. What is that up? Not just Richard Pearl. That's set of a bitch. Um, see, they put Carville on there who you can't take seriously because he just is a clown. And then Paul Begala who is so freaking weak. He's so lame. I figured what I was watching the other day, but they had some, some right wing runner who was saying the most outrageous ridiculous things. And then the comeback was so obvious that my little dog was been dead now for a long time. He could have given the answer and he said, maybe he'd play in just a little tomorrow. Because they only got about 20 minutes and then they're going to spit can to show anyway. Is that what he said Schmidt? Something like that. 5 6 7 must have been Alliance fan. I think she said Josh Mitt lives man. Here's a call from beautiful Bokka. Hello. Boka. Hello. Yes sir. Who's Neil? Yes it is. This guy named for your left. I haven't heard of you at all. Okay. I'm missing the morning. Oh, he's a Yahoo. Yeah. Oh, he's a mumbling Yahoo. Okay. Thank you sir. I mean in front I'm a student. Do we want to put him on there? Because he's a drumming. He's a mumbling. He's drooling all the time. Is he? That's why where's that thing around is that that curchief? Are you serious to catch the drool? No, I'm making that up. Oh, are you sure? Tom? Good though. Yeah. That's why he wears that curchief around. So we put the letter. Sure. Don't I miss one of the I man. That's the I man to us sir. The I man is that simply news guy and who just mixes as licks and kisses and oh, just sucks heavy duty. A dead man in a chair. We still got to do that pool. Which had man in a chair. I miss the whole. The postmaker. The big bucks. 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T. Rumor I'm here in the pulping Polish read. Alexis Kibasa. That's why I heard. Here's color red. Yellow. Color Ridge. Don't you love the way every time I look. Yes sir. Yeah. This is Neil. Sounds like Neil. Okay. Basically what I want to do is I want to tell you that you have a problem because in years past you've always had your stuff at borders or somewhere where just keep pedestrian for my myself and walk in. Right. You know, come on. I mean, I've got items every year. Right. And this year there's nowhere to go get it. You're right. I'm going to tell a phone to get it. And I don't have the internet. So this isn't the first year we've had that problem. QAM. We've had that this before. Well, I'm the son that I've never experienced not being able to get anything. Right. And I'm finding myself in that position. And I'm like, hey, I mean, I remember even seeing you at the color Ridge tomorrow years ago. That's right. I mean, I mean, I actually shook your hand and took a picture with my wife. I'll be by the name of that. I thought it was great. You know, the thing is like me, you know, I'm a male dial. What the heck do I supposed to do? I mean, I'm not living six days a week in the freaking pouring rain like today. And I mean, you know, oh, oh, you've got to think it. One o'clock. Well, hey, that's great. I understand it. That's your very right. Well, don't don't have a phone number that this gentleman can call me. I don't think that's where I heard it. Yes, there is. Yes, there is. Yes, there is. You never program that into the, into the commercials or nothing. Well, we're going to give it to you right now. Don't resist so hard. I realize it's a little bit of a day. But trying to help, but trying to help you out so you can help us out. Appreciate it. What's that number, George? Three of five. Six five. Oh. Six five, though. Oh, one five six. Oh, one five six. You got it. And the biggest y'all will move the whole time. Junior samples from he. Oh, okay. Okay. He's right. Junior samples from he. Oh, okay. Get him on there. Oh, oh, oh. How are Junior sales? Junior samples belong to Hunter and that number got sees right. That should be in the thing in the spot that we're playing so that the station could actually accomplishing some being you're kind of doing something for us, but they don't want to be doing that. So we got a how about some clearance. We got 50 from Dave Hagen and his wife. Thank you Dave. He's a good guy. Just like Curtis. We got a few good people around here and we got some real assholes. 5 670 5 60 560 on the 18. Do you know what's true? We got a lot of assholes in that place no matter where you work. When you got 100 200 people in a building, there's going to be some very nice people. They're going to be some, yeah, you know, okay. And then there's going to be some assholes. Greg. I just mentioned that in passing. Screw in. You know, bro. Here's the call from Oakland Park. Hello. First there is no color in our pasture. And Scott will now be added to the world. Oh, God. Here's a call from Sunrise. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. The thing with Miriam, all the fans. Yeah. It like it reinforces every like prejudice and even give some validity. Look, the woman's rosely incompetent. Absolutely. There is no debate. There is absolutely no debate. And if somebody is rosely incompetent at their job, you should be able to remove them. And it's part of the reason there's a reluctance by some people to hire blacks or other minorities, is that if they get somebody who's incompetent, forget about their color, they can't remove them. If they're black without being able to choose to be marrated. Absolutely, sir. That's a great point. There are a lot of people to a lot of me. That position of how many people blackmail their way in the sting. And I use that term blackmail literally in the sting and a position that they're not competent to do. So it creates discrimination. Just reinforce the whole thing. It's terrible. Now to be fair, my recollection, maybe it changed, is that stupid bitch and Palm Beach County to resell whatever. Look, who are yes? Yeah, she can't her job after that. That's right. That's true. That's right. I can understand why some black people say that for women like that teacher job. You know why are they going after Miriam? Well, I got a solution for that. Let's fire them both there, huh? How do you like that? What I'm going to say, Dave. Right. I don't think Jeb is going to get rid of her. He wants voters in Broward County to be disenfranchised. I mean, it's the most liberal county in the state if you think that can be flared up. But of course, keep in mind, that's the place where they first did the last time and they didn't grow. Exactly. He wants turmoil. He wants voters disenfranchised. And the ironic thing is it's going to be disperportionately probably black voters who get screwed. When she screws up and it just these revs or these ministers in the black community, all they see is skin color, they don't see what was, you know, how she's serving their community. It's really terrible. Yeah, this thing has gone on. I've been fighting it for years and it just makes me want to vomit. And so it's a part of the black community. It's certainly not all of them. No. But there's a segment of black people. It's the same with O.J. Oh, he got a raw deal. He didn't do it. There was the bloody glove was planted in all of the Mark Furman. Any excuse in a world that black people never do anything wrong. I want to tell you something right now, seriously. I'm sitting here in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, which is one of the safest big cities anywhere in North America. We've had like 46 or 47 murders all year long in this city. The overwhelming majority of those, and I know this because I follow the news. I watch the news here every day are have been committed and the perpetrators and the victims are black. Now, there's something wrong with this picture, okay? There's something wrong with this. Yeah, and as you point out, it's principally black victims too. So that's what I just said. I know that's what I'm just saying. You know, I don't know. I'm very frustrated with all the situation. And I know you are too. And of course, people like Victor Curry, this guy is Bishop Curry. He's just a professional O.J. on provocative through to kind of like a little league Jesse Jackson who just goes around for one crisis to another, a pollinating instrument up the crap. I agree. And have a great day. Take care. Okay. Remember that awful show they invited me to do on channel 10 with Michael Putney and I said, no way. Yes. He was on there along with that professional spick who I've had a hell of a was. And what's her name? What's her name? Well, yeah, we're not the early Anna was some other professional spick. And it was one of the most grotesque one of the ugliest. And by the time Peter Jennings left that set, he probably shook his head and thought to himself, you got to be kidding me. This isn't the city, Miami. This is a battle zone. This is a nuthouse. And Peter, you were. Not only that Peter, how's it going, eh? I don't like ABC news. I don't like him. He, he to me is like, you know, he's stuffy and dry. You know what I mean? Yeah. Not not Canadian. I mean, you watch the Canadian news like on CBC and there may be a little on the dry side, you know, but he's like real. Wow. I would point immediately to the, Well, here's the premiere of Saskatchewan reporting from vagina. See, they got a sense of humor. He's in vagina right now. What is on here? But Peter Jennings, he just didn't mean just to leave me limp. And then of course, Dan, rather after that quote by a Michael Moore of his, oh, geez. And then you got to go with a speech defect. So that leaves you with a hello, but sure, stop it. 113 at 5.60. WCM Big News, Hall of Pontiac GMC has just been voted number one Pontiac GMC dealer in date County and customer satisfaction. Tom Lame and Joe Prieto all wonderful folks over there want to thank their loyal customers for their longstanding support 35 years plus and counting. Stop by. Hellachec at the Pontiac vibe, normally are retelling for over 20 grand, but at Hall of Right now, you can buy it fully loaded for just 16, 5 plus tax and 10. Hellachute truck headquarters with over 300 shoes from I'm under. I've had a lot of people on the audience are wondering if Bob Eisenberg ever got the correction on the copy. No, but including the Yukon and Yukon, the answer is no, no, because he doesn't want to let the finger coming soon. The new envoy, SUV, the most unique, SUV on the carp on on the market and on the carpet. See this is the deal with ourselves, Department, just somebody give a piece of copy with some words on it. A piece of paper with words and here you go, Neil, here you go, Hank, here you go, man, dog, here you go, Scott, here you go, uh, Mo, here you go, Mo. Great Neil deals waiting for you every day at Hall of Pontiac GMC, 134.1. South, Xieh Highway, US want across from the falls. Open every day, seven days week. You see the fish if it's rotten, it's things at the top and it's all screw-ann. You know, since screw-ann is... ROOOOOY! If you want more info on these deals, call the Neil Rogers Neil, the outline tool free. 1-trival 8-534-447. That's 1-trival 8-534-447. And keep in mind all our preceptor to credit approval. See the folks in Hellen for all the details and how a Pontiac GMC, who most unlike screw-ann when it are professional grade. Hello, this is Dr. Philquit, Draw McRoll. And you can't see it, but I'm waking up to right now. Cause I care deeply about you and your health. That's why I urge you to spend every last nickel you have on my amazing new dietbook. My diet book provides new and different ways to cheat fat. And believe me, my friends. Nobody knows more about cheating than me. For instance, if you look closely at the cover, you'll notice I'm wearing a suit that's three times my size. That's just one of my tips on how to look thinner. You'll find it in a chapter called dress this mess. Now, if your weight loss goal is to achieve my slab of apacy and pothole physique, then forget about that boring atkins diet. Nice secret. Donuts. No, right. Donuts. Look fat man, Spider-Man. So, by my book and put more money in my wallet, you can be a fat ass just like me. One, eight. He's four on our pole of drilling yarn, who's he's doing great doctor pill 41 votes. He's almost as bad as this doctor Agatston. I saw my name S&B. See last night I want to put a shoe through my TV set. Oh, doctor. Arthur Agatston, the South Beach diet phone. I forgot that. I got the book in my head right now. New York Times, number one best seller. And it's got undercover on a very glossy green cover here. Like a little in in looking, a little lubey. Lose belly fat first. No, keep it mind. There's no exercise recommended in this book that I can see. But you're going to lose if you eat this crap, you're going to lose belly fat first. Which, of course, they know that that's where most of us are desperate to lose the weight because we're big fat slums with a big poopy. So, lose belly fat first. Based on what? Based based on what? Okay, because we're eating lean cuts of meat. And because he ripped off acnes almost verbatim in here. I don't know anybody on acnes who lost belly fat first. I know a lot of people went belly up. Hey, by the way, speaking of that, how's Jeff Cohen? 567. Thanks for the birthday wishes Jeff with a quick bugging me. 567.0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's the Apovers also far. Who is or was the biggest drooling? Yahoo of them all. 467 votes. So far, he's laden. The man he just heard. And Marines. George W. Bush, I'm in 65. He's talking about dead soldiers and dead Marines, I guess. They're dead Marines in the future. He's got 167 votes. Even while he's speaking troops, the number keeps going up. And the dead soldiers too. Strong thermon 81, Jesse Helm 78, Dr. Phil 41. I scored Dr. Phil. See, I'm going to adopt a different attitude. Because I don't like people like Dr. Phil and Oprah. But the people we should be anguished at are the suckers, the morons, the linings, who Goose step into line, just like they did, oh, heads with rush. You know, oh, he'll be back and he'll be stronger than ever. And oh, he just had a little problem. Right. Right. Toby K24 Steve Spreys 15. Terry Maumfort, teen. John Rocker 12. Terry Bradshaw, eight Trent Lot. She's got five. But her pompoms. She was a cheerleader, you know? Jimmy Swagger and Jerry Jim Carville for a piece. Tammy Favec are three. I'll be J3. Two for Willie Nelson and Judge Roy Moore and George Wallace and Robert Bird. And bump Phillips has got a pair. His and then yours and and weason. Orville Fobbis, one of us to Maddox one Jerry Jones one. None yet for Ernest Ainsley, Newt King Rich, Don I'm a or Junior Sample Zed out of 472 vote. You got a long way to go. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. How about those pants there? I'm serious. I'd like to know what you think Scott, how are they going to keep that franchise there? I mean next year you got no season. The lock obviously is with the guaranteed. I have no clue right now. Really? Sound like Maddox, no clue. If there were 7,000 people there last night, they must have been like hanging outside like out in the hallways. Was that the official telly? No, the official telly was 13,000 some odd. No way. That's what it says in the box score. 13,242 if I'm lying. You're dying. Yeah, look like about 7,000. Looks like about 700 course one scots is about 7,000. It's usually tries to paint that panther picture with an extra rosy view. That means there was like maybe 5 or 6,000. They showed an overhead shot. Which has a surprise because generally Fox Sports avoids doing that. And by the way Denise, will you shut up already, God dammit? That potpan. You know, the game when they made a 3 to 2 and it looked like it was going to be an interesting game to lay a finally rolled over and died with 10 minutes to go. But when it got to be 3 to 2, and all of a sudden potpan starts, sput by Bob Ops stuff that had nothing to do with anything connected to the game. I'm almost even felt sorry for the rim man. Yeah, two shots and last 10 minutes. Exactly like I said. Here's a lady in plantation. Hello. I'm here. Yes, man. I'm here. I'm in plantation. I called bringser tables or whatever they call them. They're just like, hey, it is a race issue with Mary Elfins. Yeah. It is. It is. You know, why is the race issue? Because we need to have a new race. She needs to drop out and we need to have a new race. When they showed all those guys that were her supporters, they were like 7 of them. Sitting in the room on the news. Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary, mobile phones supporters gathered here for hours. There's like 7 people. So it's a race issue. We need a new race. Okay. The race is on. Pardon? I said the race is on. I hope so. But the dancers, they were counting the people that were watching on TV. That's how they got to that photo. And they just got to the Autoplying Time 6. Have a great day. We'd already hang in there. Yeah, Panthers is a bad, bad, the organization. Keep trying to bullshit the public. Yeah. Very sad. At least go win tomorrow. Against Pittsburgh. Without Mario. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, you're in T about that. Why do you say that? I said, I want to win tomorrow. Based on what? We need based on what. The penguins, one of you games without Mario. I mean, he, you know, pure in air. They got Marty Strocca. Wow. Who wasn't good enough for Doug McLean. But at any rate, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. They got Mark Savard. Oh, Ben, what's his name? The goalie. Uh, flurry. He's great. He's 18 year old goalie for Pittsburgh. You're supposed to be a hockey fan, Mr. You're supposed to know these things. He's been playing sensational. That's really right. Huh? He's been great. That's your, he's they've won a whole three games. Oh, far. The only reason they won. You're right. It's just like the Panthers. If Bobby the Longa wasn't playing most of the games, they'd be getting blown out. Eight. I want to tell you something. I don't want to get hockey intensive. But I did watch quite a bit of that game. I don't know how they lost. They could. It must have been the ice was even worse than usual, which it's horrible in that building. But all they kept doing was falling down and then they kept passing it back into their own zone. I, the LA Kings to me were like a joke. They were pathetic. That was said, even through my TV said, on my hockey package, all the way here, I could smell the aroma from that stinker man. It was bad. It just my goodness. How should compression he was stopping the pucks? He could easily give him up six goals last night. But he didn't. I know. I'm going to the north Miami. Hello. Hey Neil, where are you? Pretty good. First off, great show yesterday. I'm like, John was on the ground. Staring at the radio. It's in the mountains. Excellent. Second thing. Wondering if you saw the top spot in the top five books, they had Al Franken. Michael Moore and the lady, the bushback, like three out of the top five. Molly Arvin? Yeah. Molly Arvin. My question is, do you think are these converts by any books or are these people that already know what's going on by any books? Probably most, mostly people are reading what's going on. I also want to make one comment too because. But. South Florida drivers. When it is raining, do not put your hazards on. Do not keep your light off. You put your freak in light on asshole. Right. Right. Right. You have a gas hole. I need to. And don't slam on the brakes as soon as the air. Yeah. That's right. People that travel their hazards on. I mean, what? What are you trying to prove to the rest of us? You're giving us a message that's kind of like dangerous out here. Well, here's a bulletin. It's raining real hard and we're going to all get killed. And I'll sort of put on the hazard lights. They can say for. Yeah. I think they they believe what that means is it's like you're announcing. And there's a hazard out here. That's right. It's done. Right. No, no question about it. But my mother wants you to know she's a very good driver. Okay. Great. Thanks for the tip. Even though she sometimes drives on a wrong side of sterling road. That's a little spire report I had. Yeah. Self-portrait. Yeah. She was too loud for a sand something about what a crappy driver about. She's 100 years old, which she almost is. She got about as much business driving except of the store, which is right across the street as my little dog did. And he probably would've done a better job. She and John go to lunch last Saturday. And as she's returning back. She's driving. She insists on driving because she's a great driver like a rainman. And she makes her little U.S. She's got to go to the right and then make a U.S. You go back to where she lived. Well, she makes her little U.S. There's only one problem. She's on a wrong side of sterling road. She's on a westbound going, however. You don't want to say? I don't. For tooit is Lee. There were no traffic coming for a long ways. And she was able to win a duck kind of straightened up. Cut the crap mile. Okay. We're not kidding anybody. Turn in your license before it's too late. And fact. Now that I think of it. How about a nice long ride in the country sounds good. In the woods. Hey guys, if you're looking for a big, big chuck of here. If you want to get your hair back and you don't have much to write. Now, and maybe you just have that big glaring ball spot in the middle like Tom Brady's. Getting, hey, Tommy, it's a good thing. Okay. You're not going to be so pretty forever. Makes us happy. Charles Alfier, he's the I get your hair back in a way that'll look really great with his natural hairline system. In business for over 25 years now, Charlie's been working with all the top names in the universe. And would like every day people too, like you. Charlie, we give everybody the 30-gayron to get a guarantee. So what do you have to lose, but that ball spot. If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells after 30 days, how many? But third man. If you're not getting late, the whole budget times the way come any? But third man. Charlie, give you a full refund of questions as so the choice is yours. There's a lot of choices out there. It's become the new thing, do you or man? Every day you got a new god, peddling you some kind of a hair system. Some kind of a song to dance some dead farm and we'll forget about that. If you want to look better and younger than you ever dreamed again, be sure and call Charles Alfier and mention my name because just for mentioning the arirages, gravity co-holms do that. You'll not connect your $200 off their already reasonable price. Here's the toll free number to call 1-800-321-2413. 1-800-321-2413. Get your hair back from Chuck if you want more info you can go online. Charlesalphierie.com You're a liar, you're a liar. This is what you're gonna buy, sir. You way am. You should go back to kill for your spectacom. Newt game glitch does the hanky fangie. Newt game glitch has us anyway, keep it. You're looking, it does the hanky fangie. Newt game glitch does the hanky fangie. Newt game glitch does the hanky fangie. Newt game glitch does the hanky fangie. Newt game glitch does the hanky fangie. Newt game glitch does the hanky fangie. Newt game glitch does the hanky fangie. Newt game glitch does the hanky fangie. Newt game glitch does the hanky fangie. Newt game glitch does the hanky fangie. Newt game glitch does the hanky fangie. Newt game glitch does the hanky fangie. Newt game glitch does the hanky fangie. Newt game glitch does the hanky fangie. Newt game glitch does the hanky fangie. Oh right. Here we go on the deckpect. Oh. Nice little speaker. Nice little speaker. The community would like to know I'm always by luck. You're just isn't an old funny Sehrbiz. I see. Oh. Here they are. Oh, the community's not win for Friday. Yeah. Yep. There'll be no brother next to you. I saw him'. Working on his pickup lights. You can hear off the baby, watch your side I'm pretty, I'm with public and all Hey baby, can I give you the phone Ooh, the side, I never would have thought that Come on baby, I mean that you should think about that Looed King, which does the hanky panky Looed King, which does the hanky panky Looed King, which does the hanky panky Looed King, which does the hanky panky Come on, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop Me too, Me too 134, 26, will 25, 60, give him the mad dog Oh, right, angry puppy Oh, right, hostile, huh Oh, right, you made it to you He has given me no check in the so far Neither hizzer for ral, neither hank, neither zed he k Who's in Vegas, maybe Andy just tried to What a couple of times For a bannapare rescue, right? He's going to give you a portion He's going to double down Wait a year, this story, fish farting May not just be hot air Did you know that fish farted? I had no idea Well, I know Myologists have linked a mysterious underwater Farting sound To bubbles coming out of a harings anus Here you go, here we go No fish of it, no do he, mitt sound from its anus Nor to be capable of producing such a high pitch noise It sounds just like a high pitch raspberries Has been Wilson in the University of British Columbia in Vancouver Wilson, oh, and you can actually go online and listen to it Get out Yeah Well, this is a Yahoo story He's going online and listen to it Wilson, as big a Yahoo's Wilson at his colleagues Can not be sure why hearing make this sound But initial research is just to might explain the puzzle How his shoulders keep together after dark Surprising and interesting is how a quetic acoustic specialist Ha ha ha ha ha ha Dennis say, well, I guess they won't hear a lot of underwater stuff Of the University of Windsor and Ontario described the discoveries The first case of a fish potentially using high frequency for communication Believes, are they're popper and a quetic biocoustic A specialist at the University of Maryland is also intrigued I have not a thought of it but fish do very strange in diverse things he says Fish are known to call out to potential mates with low grunts and buzzes Produced by wobbling a balloon of air called the swim bladder located in the abdomen The swim bladder inflates and deflates to adjust the fish's buoyancy The biologist initially assumed that the swim bladder was also producing the high pitch sounds they hadn't they had detected But then they noticed that the stream of bubbles are spelled from the fish's anus Correctum, course by the exactly with the timing of the noise So a more likely cause was error escaping from the swim bladder through the old Braccomfamous anus It was at this point that a team named, oh, I love this you're gonna like it It was at this point the team named the noise fast repetitive tick FRT Okay, but Wilson points that unlike a human fart The sounds are probably not caused by digestive gases because the number of sounds doesn't change when the fish are fed The researchers also tested whether the fish were farting from fear perhaps to sound in alarm Uh oh, here comes Greg But when they've supposed fish to a shark's scent there was again no change in the number of FRTs Finally three observations persuaded the researchers that the FRT is most likely produced for communication And that way you always do you see how strange you're an elevator? How you doing? Firstly when more hearing or in the tank the researchers record more Farts per fish Secondly the hearing are only noisy after dark indicating the sounds might allow the fish locate one another But they can't be seen. Well, it's like people you try to hold it in all during the day and then after dark You just went and doubt let them all out Thirdly the biologists know that hearings can hear the sounds of this frequency while most fish can't this one It sounds like are red hearing to me this would allow them to communicate by fart without alerting predators to their presence Wilson emphasizes that presence ideas just a theory, but the discovery still useful hearing might be attracted by their FRTs The same way that whales and dolphins moderate by their high pitch squeals you have here a grind Cox Fishermen might even exploit this to locate sholes. There may even be a conservation issue Some experts believe human generated sounds can damage underwater mammals now it seems underwater noise might disrupt fish too Ready for that? I'm looking forward to my part. What? I'm looking forward online. Yes today fish farting may not just be hot air by Celeste B there, beaver, be i e v e r, beaver You find it I'm searcher new scientist AFP it's under new scientist calm Got it get it UK dot news dot Yahoo dot come I could dial if you want if you don't can't find it. I'll send it to okay all this story football coaches fired after led in led raising aftermath Five football coaches and rightfully so by the way, so please do this story Thanks to ever send it in five football coaches at a long island high school lost their jobs last night and fall out from an alleged hazing ritual The met the metham high school football coaches have been under pressure resigned following reports that three varsity players Sautamized three junior teammates while the team was at a train camp in western Pennsylvania and August Members of the district school board voted unanimously last night not to be new contracts to the five coaches in an emotional meeting Norbert building a dullmore merit school trust board school board trusty and also was in the best interest of our students on the success of the athletic program The coaches not be re-appointed bill more the schools located on Long Island South Shore about 30 miles from Manhattan Robert Kelly allure for two of the boys who say they were abused was pleased with the board's decision It's an important first-evident meeting falter recognizing that the coaches were responsible for what happened these kids were on their watch The three accused students ages 15 16 and 17 face 10 criminal charges including DV and sexual intercourse aggravated assault kidnapping on lawful restraint and false imprisonment The suspects allegedly used broomsticks pine codes and golf balls to signumize the younger boys and that lovely huh? Yeah, just boys being boys is always the story and oh get all his hazing always crap all the fraternities all that crap that goes on there all those dead kids But you know it's you're working every way and of course just like the gun thing you never gonna talk anybody out of it if they're into it. It's their thing. You know I just boys being boys just having a good time showing a couple of broomsticks are some kids and like you've always said it always involves factory All the hazing always involves some kind of factory Because the whole sports scene and all the fraternity thing that's a day club you moron even he knows that and lately he don't owe too much Honey till to a QAn if you're underpaid if you're overworked if you'd like dying over there because your job sucks your paycheck is an embarrassment Change your life. Don't just listen me talk about it. Do it if you'd like to get a new high-pain career You don't have four long excruciating expensive years to waste on college. Here's the answer for you call fast-training get get going get on the right track Call 1 866 fast-trained They can have you trained in certified for a great a new a high-pain computer network professional career or a high-paying medical computer specialist screen is little four months. That's right. You can be fully trained ready for a great new career And as little as four months and a good paycheck goes along with it instead of working for like 50 cent an hour fast train offers day evening and weekend classes They offer job placement assistance and financially to people who qualify as well Fast-trained's got tips can be at locations all over town to serve you so all it is body one close to where you live call them today Tell them that Todd Dreck toward did make that life changing call and when they hear that name believe me they'll hop to it Check them out of the web first at fast-trained.com and make the call and change your life forever call 1 866 fast train Okay, this is the secret and Sharon Osborne audition. Let's begin Okay, then this is Iron Man that's how you ought to be getting along with this tiger The problem dairy come here kitty kitty. Oh, you're a good kitty Yes come give mumsy your kiss kiss. Oh, yeah, that's a good tiger Oh, I love it Yeah, he just fall over that Float it up. I think I'm dumb I'm bloody well not gonna clean up tiger Work. Oh, yeah, thanks Sharon if we need you will call you okay? Say hi to Ozzy in the king 145 at five 60 house. Oh, anybody heard yet? Nobody cares No, I know how she's doing so did you get the thing I texted to the guy that really look for the audio now there you go Oh, yeah, I can't wait to hear that This is an interesting story that I think I don't know if we put this under not from the village voice The general and the senator west's blooper is give a Hillary's troops hope He writes every time Wesley Clark goes weird on us like when he's the general said I would have been a Republican if Carl Roe had returned my phone calls The campaign denominator Hillary got his momentum The most recent Quinnipiac University National poll shows her ahead of all of the Democrats you ready for that? I'm ready. I think we'll do that as our number one pulled him on the first hour if Hillary runs If Clinton decides to run she gets 43 percent 10 percent for Clark 8 percent for Libra Men and Gebhardt 7 percent each for Carrie and Dean meanwhile. It says her money keeps on rolling in Hillary sports and rises bush weekends. It says the president's performance ratings are declining The pressure on Hillary grows his bush appears more and more vulnerable to attack During the slow death of GIs day after day rummisfilts celebrated on the right as the nation's most manly man Sons off regularly Sunday on ABC declared that the US is just not organized trained or equipped to win hearts and minds overseas and then Museed what is what has to change in our country? Organizationally over-coupled either one so that we can have a higher confidence that we're reducing the number of people who become terrorists Vice President Cheney's corporate buzz one more and more bush in his brother Jebra into some 16 playing Dr. Dulliving did bushes neocon advises not satisfied with total war in the Middle East One of my China from space and others renewed talk of using small nuclear weapons So the bottom line now this is that Hillary might just come jump in here because we don't seem to have any consensus Even though Howard Dean's raising enormous amount of money and then of course he put his foot in his mouth the other day Would I think about the the the Confederate flag which they spent that hold a bethe of the night prolonging him about The political right which has truly used the specter of Hillary as a campaign tool to galvanize its face Now hyperventilating She's getting victory all against President Bush week to folks at worldnetdally.com. She's going postal She's going ballistic Hillary doesn't know the truth it's as much as strange as they do new senator from New York as sunlight is to a vampire They said they're getting all panicky about it because they know she'll probably will possess You think wait Where is it what you got the fish part? somewhere. Okay, let's hear Oh, I stepped on it Was that it yeah, play it again Sam Here it comes Boy this is fun. Here comes it's buffering Wow, that was it another first on the neo-rodgers show we're gonna be in the Guinness Booker records the first fish cart ever played on American radio I love it Orlando Florida a young Republicans can topple sottam Hussein and Christian athletes Oysie young Republicans can topple sottam Hussein and Christian athletes can legis this rock their night away at the homecoming parade after high school officials agreed when they'd let their floats roll Let them float Kind of like alien right? Yeah, he floats good after officials and Dr. Phillips High School in Orlando race concerns earlier this week that the floats might offend some people The students involved contacted the Liberty Council in Orlando based right wing fanatical civil liberties legal group Schools cannot censor the message just because they disagree with the message said Matthew Stover president and the general council of Liberty Council Students dropped their pants to sue on first amendment grounds after the school officials agreed to allow the floats in tonight's parade that meaning tonight Students will be able to express the essence of their clubs and maintain proper decorum for our school event Principal Jean Tracinsky said the statement The young Republican club plans to have students in black t-shirts with the word evil bowling before a statue of Saddam You think they're gonna be bowling for Columbine Other students in club t-shirts planned to chase the evil students away with silly string and then topple the statue The fellowship of Christian athletes plans afloat urging students to legis this rock your night away And which students will tear up signs with words sex suicide depression and drugs Let's see when I think of suicide depression drugs. I always think right in line with that sex all of these terrible awful things, right? Of course sends a really good healthy message all those good Christian athletes suicide depression and drugs and Sex be banned. Oh Don't be doing it man. It's bad. I thought when you couldn't get sex that's when you turned this suicide depression and drugs. Oh, maybe that's it That's what rush said 560 50 50 Oh, so many things run in through my mind on that If 150 at 560 W2 m10 before 2 we got to mad dog at 2 the Humperate 4 per Koon Hotline at 7 Eddie came from Vegas at 9 and Joe Markov and I cuz there's no game today No game tonight. We got is it tomorrow night or Saturday tomorrow isn't it the penguins? Scott why tomorrow night is the penguin game at the the Panthers, right? Yes, sir. Okay. I'll get all surly about it now It's because there haven't tough times now. They haven't a few tough times can't stick to biscuit and the basket But at least the for all's getting the schmooze with all the assholes in town Randy Moore or silly person to clown team clown lucky him And what's his name Paul the over there you of them another silly person Hey, if you want to replace that really tired old carpeting in your home speaking of tired old like you M. Sports Let me tell you about lamina Sirus. They're the easy the low maintenance alternative to so expensive It'll cost you a fortune natural wood flooring Laminance arrest is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from perid or pergro will send our uniform and quick step and all their flooring is installed by pergro certified Instaours to here's another smart reason to install lamina Sirus their prices are so low It'll probably put you right on the flow right now You can get their false special for just 14 every 95 bucks. Let me say it again Just 1495 gets you up to 295 square feet of beautiful fantastic Laminate wood flooring unbelievable and Laminance arrest I notice on top of the copy keeps telling me who is this is this Adam? I don't know it says pronounced laminit hey Adam a s s h o l e pronounced Asshole and Laminance arrest will match any legitimate written offer free free and a homestimate call lamina Sirus toll free and tell them that cranky Nealtruity to call only cranky when our sales department's involved one eight seven seven seven seven 3336 they make it so easy for you. What's not to like free carpet disposal free furniture moving a 25 year warranty and years of Beautiful easy care Laminate wood flooring call elements arrest today toll free one eight seven seven seven seven 33 36 Do I want that There's a And so we're myself from the toilet There's a smell of magic right So bad I can barely see my knees as I make my screen and speakers squee you don't It's not all the same It's okay Mmm When you do jane is sat my own You know they do say that when you agreed your last breath that you kind of like all your bodily functions just kind of let let go This is true So wasn't as fortuitous for the king that he was like sitting on the throne right Which is where you'd expect the king to be on the throne at that magical moment We can all be so lucky. Yeah, that's right So those of you like that guy what I saved his cracks like I just loved it You want I said he can't wait for that last Or worse it I saved it here somewhere right that was the greatest facts of it and it's weird I I'm longer I long for the sweet release of death says James V. One of our factors who just can't handle all of the stuff that's going on all these right wing lunatics Speaking of right wing lunatics Don't forget to check out on the arrages calm something new the WMD countdown The search for the weapons advanced destruction continues and I noticed I just checked it again and then actually the countdown actually counts Did you know that that's the idea or I can't believe it actually it's in other words It's not just a funny number that Eric put up there to make it amusing and actually continues counting down And I still say that I look at WMD and I say ain't he precious? Because he sure got them orangutan lips man. It's a beautiful thing anybody watches passions will say to you that looks awfully familiar Who is or was the biggest drooling Yahoo of them all another category where W comes out on top You can't beat him with a stick especially with all the elections are fixed George W 187 votes a drooling Yahoo man. El Presidente The spies then reviled world round. I bet you out there and now you're in a state probably in two-found of me there they're on to him Strong thermon 83 Jesse Helms 81 hard to separate them to Dr. Filma graph 46 very good showing by Dr. Fodion on oh yeah Toby Keith only 24 that was your choice Steve Spirier 19 Terry Bowd and 18 believe you me if you knew Terry Bowden if you knew Terry like I knew Terry He bowed up there with their president. Hey John rocker 13 Terry Bradshaw 10 James Carville 7 Rub your a picture ball squad Jimmy Trent lots got six Jimmy swaggered five Tammy Faye Baker's got four What is the obsession what is the fascination with fags and Tammy fake and you explain that to me ask Peky Carlos on your way out. No what is the deal? George Wallace three judge Ryan more three LB J three bum Phillips has got three his and then years and and myzen Isn't that in Voka myzen or part Well Scott three newf gangridge don I miss two votes for less dramatically Nelson Bobby bird old Bobby bird just turn 120 Ernest Angely's got one or will phobus one Jerry Joe and no votes for junior samples Billy Carter or Ross P. Row at a 533 votes out of drooling idiots so many drooling uh Yahoo's and so little time Don't forget tomorrow. We're gonna have the Rainer shine for LB at Napa auto parts 19 11 North State Road 7 Amargete noon to two and Miguel was somebody will be with him. We'll have all our best deal merchandise Bring lots of cash, okay, and thanks again to Dave Hagan and his wife and a clearance a clearance better late than ever sweetheart It's kind of just like it and leave I'm getting pound man do I like that