I'm Mary Kane, they don't come any better than Neal Rock. It's non-romantic Uworth Whe Nothing Y'all prescribed... The Night of the Year I say to you tonight and hear me well, you ain't seen nothing yet. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I'm really proud and happy to be here with you. It's great to be back in Harlem. We shot basketball together. One of the last times I was here. Powered in and out, traveling from here to Iowa. And I'm going to make a more extensive speech. I see a rapist a little bit later today, but. I said when I announced last year that I was not going to be a candidate for president myself, that I would endorse one of the candidates who is running. And I had no idea at that time, which candidate that would be. But I have watched this campaign and I have listened to all of the candidates. I think it's a great field. There are a lot of great democratic candidates out there. But one of them is to say, doesn't come as a secret or as a surprise to anybody within the sound of my voice. And that is that, how are Dean really is the only candidate who has been able to inspire at the grassroots level all over this country, the kind of passion and enthusiasm for democracy and change and transformation of America that we need in this country. We need to remake the democratic party. We need to remake America. We need to take it back on behalf of the people of this country. So I'm very proud and honored to endorse Howard Dean to be the next president of the United States of America. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Democracy is a team sport. And I want to do everything I can to convince the anybody that is interested in my judgment about who among these candidates has the best chance to win and the best chance to lead our country in the right direction. I want to do everything I can to convince you to get behind Howard Dean and let's make this a successful campaign as a group. It is about all of us and all of us need to get behind the strongest candidate. Now, I respect the prerogative of the voters and the caucuses and in the primaries and I'm just one person. But I'm offering my judgment and I'm also going to say one other thing here. Years ago, the former president Ronald Reagan said in the Republican Party that there ought to be an 11th amendment. Speaking of ill of another Republican, well, now we're Democrats and we may not find that kind of commandment as accessible. But to the extent that we can recognize the stakes in America today, I would urge all of the other candidates and campaigns to keep their eyes on the prize. Here we are in Harlem. We need to keep our eyes on the prize. This nation cannot afford to have four more years of a Bush-Chainee administration. We can't afford to keep the bite of the money ourselves to the point that we lose sight of how important it is for America. What is going on in this Bush-White House today is bad for our country. And it's slowly beginning to sink into more and more people out there. We don't have the luxury of fighting among ourselves to the point where we seriously damage our ability to win on behalf of the American people this time around. Now, one other thing, I've spent a long time thinking about national security and national defense. I've heard a lot of folks who, in my opinion, made a judgment about the Iraq war that was just plain wrong, saying that our deans decision to oppose the Iraq war calls his judgment on foreign policy and the question will excuse me. He was the only major candidate who made the correct judgment about the Iraq war. And he had the insight and the courage to say and do the right thing. And that's important because those judgments that basic common sense is what you want in a present. Our country has been weakened in our ability to fight the war against terror because of the catastrophic mistake that the Bush administration made in taking us into war in Iraq. It was also been lawden that attacked us, not Saddam Hussein. Saddam Hussein is a bad guy and he's better off not in power, all better off. But it was a mistake to get us into a quagmire over there. So don't tell me that because our dean was the only major candidate who was right about that war that that somehow calls his judgment into question on foreign policy. So whether it is inspiring enthusiasm at the grassroots and promising to remake the democratic party as a force for justice and progress and good in America, whether it is a domestic agenda that gets our nation back on track or whether it is protecting us against terrorists and strengthening our nation in the world. I have come to the conclusion that in a field of great candidates, one candidate clearly now stands out. And so I'm asking all of you to join in this grassroots movement to elect our dean president of the United States. Thank you. You've all gone there. Go where was that algorithm four years ago? Yeah, he made two great speeches since then and he wonder where was why didn't he speak like that four years ago? Although I like the way dean introduced him he said is the elected president of the United States. That's correct. Yes, it is. And these fascist stole it right in broad daylight, right in front of your eyes right there in Florida. And when I say right in front of your eyes, I'm thinking of that one big guy, you know, the judge that was holding it valid up, but hang in Chad and Palm Beach, Google. I Google eyes. Yeah, I'm thinking Google search and I'm Google eyes. So Al Gore endorses Howard Dean and we're pretty pleased about that. We're pleased this punch on this show about that because Howard Dean the man. I just hope hey, Howard, don't be another Michael Ducac as please. Oh, God. Now there I got a word, man, as much as I like Howard Dean, I think he's terrific, but I sometimes he has looks on his face. They're just, I don't know, you want to say, but you'd have to try to be a Ducac as though. Would you? Yeah. Really, I think a couple of him. She's kind of a gray guy anyway. He'd have to get a slack jaw because well, there was one thing about Ducacus that bothered everybody right off the bat. Oh, he's a little guy, kind of funny. Yeah, he came up to your kneecap. Anyway, Terry Lester died. Thanks to one of our chronic facts is for a fact you miss him. I have no idea who that is. And your best known for his roles in soap operas, the young and a restless, the young and a horny, he with the original Jack Abbott, not his crime jackets on there now. Santa Barbara is Mason Capwell and as the world turns as your worm turns, Royce Keller, a period in prime time TV shows like StarDreck Voyager, Jag, Fag, Dallas and diagnosis murder died last week and December 1st, it eats 53. Okay, okay, cause of the TVA. Let's see how that pull come out yesterday. And out to many wheel religionists in this crowd of artists, thank the Lord for that. Excellent. Please, does punch to see that too. Lot of punch and going on. 1146 votes. How often do you attend religious services? Never. 649. 56.6%. Oh, right, go boys and girls. Rarely 308. 26.8% you had those to numbers to give you got 83.4%. Rarely or never go to a show to church to a mosque. They might wear a mosque every now and then like to the mosque ball. A goss mosque. Only on Major Holiday's 90, 7.8% yeah, that if we're well of her 90%. And that leads fairly often 55.4.7% probably through a lot of heavy pressure and brainwashing from their families. And very often, we're religiously 44.8% almost definitely as we've heard of the above mentioned. So that's you take the last to fairly often very often religiously. You got 8.5% which means 91.5% at all or like just about maybe once in a blue moon. Speaking of blue moon, how's the Marcel's doing? But a big day today. Let me give you a hint. Yep, right. 60th birthday. Oh, and yes, what's his birthday? Let's do it for both, okay. Okay. Big birthday today for Shelley Bloom. And for Jim Morrison. The difference being Shelley's still alive. Jim Morrison would be 60 today. We got that story a little later on. Rayman Zerick was a real asshole was talking about it. You see him on there? Yeah, yeah. They're the super intellectual Rayman Zerick. Well, you know, I wish we still had that tape, you know? No, I'm glad we don't because we play it. Just the sound of Rayman Zerick's voice. I mean, a real sued. In fact, you really have a super intellectual dictionary. Rayman Zerick's picture. There's no wonder Jim Morrison killed himself. He's a real asshole. We don't realize that. He often. He just wreck himself today. Kind of like Ozzy. Ozzy had a little bit of a problem. We got all kinds of heavy duty stuff today. Here's the first pull. And we'll take some suggestions along. We've done these recently, but it is the holidays. And you know, if you've specced me to come. Now, what are all those calls on there? That's a WQA. I'll take some suggestions for both of them. Yes, sir. Are you a family? Yeah. That was good. Yeah. That was excellent. Was it? Love it. That sounded almost. Wait a minute. Listen. That was so close to the original. Hi, Paulie. No, he must be a play in an off-a-take. You think he could have done that good of a job? There it is. There's a play out there. Hi, Paulie. That was the umptious fat boy. I'm almost sure. Anyway, we'll get to a lot more great calls like that momentarily. And first pull today in what city in the world you find the best looking people. Prague, Miami, Toronto, Boston, or any other cities you want to add on there. Those are the ones I, my short list. Any arguments with any of those? Well, I put Miami under just because some people never left Hawaii. Say that, just because. Yeah. 1013 at 560 WQA. After years, the failed attempted mergers with cable news channels. His new own ABC has decided to launch their own 24 hour news channel. Here is what it may sound like. What? Good evening. This is Enlaus reporting from Orlando. Our top story this evening. Nine people were injured when they fell off the. And it could be something else. In other news, 4,000 people experienced explosive diarrhea. I'm vomiting. Walt isn't barking the. Whoop. Better go over to sports. Here's the thing. Whoop. Gorsh, quick. I've got nothing. Why? Why? Okay then. Good job there, Raymond. What's the International Weather Picture? Standing by in the ABC Weather Center. Here is Uncle Winna. Back together, boss. I'm not going to do the weather. How is your vacation, boss? I don't want to do any weather. Don't fan her. Get him work out. You're right. Sorry. I'm sorry. We don't have to run. We're up this weather report to take you live. Why? And special correspondent. Donald. Donald. Donald. Can you hear me? I'm here to stand. Donald. I think we're having some top rooms with a satellite. Can you be right clear? I'm not getting to Donald. No. No. No. No. No. What the fuck is going on, Raymond? I can't understand a word he said. Anyway, you want more weather balls? Go ahead. Hurry up. There's a storm coming in Orlando. It looks like the weekend is shot. The weekend is shot. The weekend is shot. That's what I said. Well, I have more news after this. Oh, right. Oh, man. Took a long time to come up with another one of those. But it was worth waiting for. Wouldn't that be beautiful? I love it. The weekend, I'm shot. 10 19 at 5 60 WQM. Let's get to more cities for this list where you find a best looking people in the world. Of course, a lot of you that never been more than 10 blocks from sweet water. What do you even know, huh? We should probably put sweet water on there. Probably get a whole bunch of both. But we won't. I just told Eric to add spokane. Spokane? Washington. Never been in spokane. Never been in the great northwest. Beautiful clean, steady, beautiful park in the middle of it. And hot baves everywhere. We should also probably put cologne Germany on there. But nobody in this crowd ever been there. Wow. Woo, man. That'll just make you just a week at the knees when you see them. People in cologne Germany. Can we run around going like that over? Wow. Can that be felt? Cologne Germany, COL, OG, any. You got it? Actually, they spell that. Hey, OLN, but we're not going to do no trimon. We have plenty of time for that. COL, OG, any. Got it? That's your way. You still. Loan. Got it. Anyway, let's, uh, and of course the bear. I quoted the bear factories right outside the city. Oh, it's a beautiful thing. Does they have a vase? You will enjoy popping a couple of them every day. WDQAM. Put the boy. Who made you want a podcast that from that theater? Uh. WDQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Pretty good. Hey, you know, I just heard you talking about religion. I got to taste something really quick. You know, I have a very close family. I'm not a very religious person at all. But my, well, certain members of my family have become very religious. And it's amazing what religion will do to a family that was close. But we're still very close. But the arguments that happen are incredible. Oh, hey. I try to stay away from these conversations. And I can't get out of them every time I talk with. Religion reads hate. Really? I'm the retake. Oh, yeah. It's the top. Because you're not saying you, you must believe whoever you're talking to. You must believe there for retail. Otherwise, you just, uh, you're not going to get saved. And I mean, I, I listen to a lot of things you say. And I know you joke around a lot. But I mean, a lot of them are so true. And I, and I, and I bring it up. And I get, I mean, you can't imagine what happens to me when I do. When I say the thing that you say. But I truly believe it. I don't know what the belief is. Yeah. That's my, that's my attitude. I don't know what to believe in. But I'm not going to say anything. You don't know what to believe in. Why do you have to believe in anything? That's true. But, I mean, the way they are about it. I mean, they're so, I mean, they don't sit me down and talk to me for, like, a half an hour to an hour. And, and, and I just don't, I mean, they started talking about Noah's arc the other day. Mm. And I'm sorry. I just, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I. Listen, I, I mean, you don't tell anybody over the age of eight who were believed that those very tales know is arc and all the animals, two of all the animals. I mean, believe a story like that has to be some kind of a more on, they need Seki Afterkel. And they're, uh, they're simple. God came down and told Noah. No, for you, forget about that. I forget about that. I'm happy to have a word. And he was the one guy was going to build this gigantic craft. Then capture all of the animals. Forget about that. But I'm plus he was a drunk to top it all off. But, no, but just keep in mind that here is a guy who, uh, got rather, who killed everything else. In other words, everything else that couldn't work get on the arc. They all died. Even the animals. I mean, all we needed was a male and a female of all the other species, which sounds pretty species to me. And then that was it. Everything all the other animals died because I guess they were evil. Oh, or maybe just God didn't really give a crap about him. Well, I thought like God likes what Noah was drinking, so I'll have what he would have. Never done like that. Tom to get lost man. Tom left their full load. And have a great day. Thank you. DNA, Stu, no harm. That's all. All these idiots. These peddlers of bull crab, and because they want to control your mind. They want to control everything you do. All of the Bible says this. And by the way, one dead 14, the injured net, the theater of Tom theater. The other day that the asshole was talking about. Yeah, I wasn't in there too bad. You lose. I'm still here. And I'll be here for a long time. Three more excruciating years. Every day and they accept for those 30 weeks vacation. I get every year. How many? That's right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT and T and Verizon. Where I'll respond. Miami 16 votes for the most beautiful one. Oh, wow. Right. They must be talking about cemetery village. Maybe they're into old folks. WQAM. Hey, who's talking to me? Speaking. Oh, thank you. Hello. Yes. We're in a... Did you find the drugs at one of the... Oh, God. WQAM, hello. Hey, Uncle Mia, how you doing? Yes, sir. Okay. Hey, I'd like to add Salt Lake City to you. Salt Lake City, Utah, Bobbi, that's real pristine and pretty. The women are just in much beautiful women you've ever seen. And they can take probably 20 or 30 of them and make them your wife. No, they're gorgeous. Absolutely gorgeous. Unfortunately, I probably won't get too many votes because not so many people have been there. But... You have to be a moron, more Mormon to believe in. Fantastic, please. Okay, thanks, Pally. Okay. I'm not marking it on my list of places to see and do though. Sir, Salt Lake City, Utah. Weeks. Are you... Have you been there? Yes, I have. Or in Snatch bin there, the city is very clean. The Mormons are good looking people in case you hadn't noticed. Yes, I have noticed. The ones in a bicycle is with a white shirts and a nice black ties. Oh, I think if you were that magic underwear too long, sir, get a little gimme. That fustling brine pit really smells. Really? Yeah. Anyway, the people are pretty good looking at, okay? So get real louts on the outskirts of town up on a hill somewhere and just get some binoculars. Miami 16, Toronto 5, Prague 5, Boston 1, Colone has got one already as spoken. Just went out there. What do we have now? Salt Lake City. Got a list. We're going to get that list going pretty soon because we got to do the other one. They are what we don't have to, but we will. Or maybe not. We should. We should what? Do the other one. Tomorrow? Okay. See, always hold something back. There's a little lesson for it. If something looks like it might, because it's going to take a long time to build this one. We got to get a whole bunch of names on there. It doesn't have to try these scientific values that are fully usually has, you know? Because this is very important crack. It kills some very valuable time. Bimbost-Port-Tray Bush has a bozo. Oh, that's great coming up after the break. Should I give you a little tease? Could you? There are a group of women in Southeastern Michigan say they'll use pictures of scantly Cloud Baves. Oh, right. In an effort to smash George W. Bush's re-election hopes more up to a comell materialy. More to come. Squirt score after the break. We got a lot of good, the pile of good stuff here today. Good. Mad Dog at two, the hopper is four. Now the hopper said, open it. That's it. Hurricanes warm up at seven. Oh, of course. And I'm going to make your life so miserable. The next three years you won't know what hit you. Hurricanes warm up at 70 got the, oh, that was, is that, I thought that was last night. What we plan to promote for that all day yesterday today is Tuesday. Lies time I checked, right? Yeah. Maryland Baltimore County, which sounds like a little girl's team at the Hurricanes basketball. Guess that's tonight 730. Eddie K follows that. Which good luck to him and Joe and Mark overnight. Wow. Baltimore County, Maryland. That in other words, not the University, Maryland, but Maryland Baltimore County, juvenile detention center team against the Hurricanes, right? Mudatory school. Wow. 1027 at 560 WDQ and Big News. Howl of potty FGMC is now. Auto City potty FGMC of Pinecrashed. Expect to see great Neil Deals and Custon Massado, Specty request him to from Halid. Right now, it auto city of Pinecrashed. It's an end of the occurrence sale of all remaining 2,000th reason stock. Take advantage of 0% fine anti-procnessity 2 months or save yourself up to $9,000 with rebates and incentives. Attention, Lies customers, ask auto city of Pinecrashed about their lease pull ahead early termination program. There's even more great deals at the new Auto City potty FGMC of Pinecrashed. For a limited time, just sign and drive home your new GMC Sierra with absolutely absolutely no money down. It's the new Auto City potty FGMC of Pinecrashed in that same fat, phenomenal location. 134.1 South Dixie Howard that she was one across from the falls open every day, seven days a week. If you want more info on what special Neil Deals, you're to want to do by now. Just grab it and call the Neil Deal Hotline toll free at 1. Triple 8.53444211. That's 1.53444211. Keep in mind, please. All offer subded credit to ProValcy to folks at Auto City for details. The brand new and exciting Auto City potty FGMC of Pinecrashed where they give you low prices without the high pressure. 9.53444211. And look all this is for trail 560. You way too way too way. ease. Well good morning. This is former VF president and former president, Joe Canada, Al Gore. I'm here to wash the rumors. I am alive. I used to be the land who was in control. I used to be the man who was on a roll. Now I just sent home in my on-leaf and songs. Looking for that key to my damn lot box. I'll take Chaining. If you think you're a special, I'll take Chaining. You think you're a fufu-al. So you're Mr. Popular VP. That don't impress me much. If you're at least the status I am and you're all in. Now don't get me wrong. I think you're all right. But how many times does your heart beat at night? You don't impress me much. You're a fufu-al. So fast. Now onto your boss. Who's the real big man he should ride. Thank you notes to Afghanistan. There's only two types of things from Texas. You know, his dance bed card ride. He's a little joke. Oh George, go and shoot. You play here special. Oh George, go shoot. Thank you for bumping around. So your Mr. Popular president, whom? That don't impress me much. If you want to be hurtful, I can be so here ears. Third finger than rocks. Now don't get me wrong. George, I think you're all right. But how many bears do your girls drink at night? You don't impress me much. You don't impress the real president. A real lion. And what about me? Look at me. I am a snowy reprocession. I'm a snowy reprocession. I'm a foreshee. I'm a foreshee. I'm a foreshee. I'm a foreshee. I'm a foreshee. No, I'm beautiful. I'm 34. I'll tell you, he looked a little bit better. He had that hair down over the side of his head. I kind of like Hitler this morning. You don't want to say that beard. Right on, he needs to get that little mustache back. Because that seems to be in with a lot of America today. Could I ask Arthur, please just stop the facts in this picture that won't come in a minute. Oh, and also that's why I can't get my facts to do. Because I just created a second, a new second pull for today. Will Schmidt can the other one leave it for tomorrow. First of all, it takes an hour to print out and then it's distorted and blurry. Arthur, quick, the touch king around. Well, yeah, I'm trying to, well, here you can write it down. You can say Eric. Sorry, Eric. I hate to do this, dear. Why really don't? In fact, I'm right. I'm going to send you 600 bedtime stories. Just to keep you of the kitchen. Don't you think I'm doing him a public service when I sent him a whole bunch of stuff? Only if the facts machine was in another room. Oh, and I'll read you think it's probably in the kitchen. I don't know. I'll read you today for a little later on because this first one, I will see what gets some of the cities. All of when you see my name, he's got 28 votes to write one, Prague of that 11. I mean, I guess that figures. I mean, most of the people spend most of their time right there, right? And they, you know, go to a win more in cemetery village and places like that. And it's like, oh, my God, what beautiful 90 year old people. I'm sure they're thinking about South Beach and whatnot. South Beach and Fort Lauderdale Beach. Right. And we'll manage. What's your take on Al Gore's? I seriously, I have never been in anywhere other than Montreal. That's the worst. But I've never been anywhere where when you're like in a highway, you're on an I5, the turnpike, whatever, 595. And you'll look around, you know, you're observing the traffic. And of course you're hoping you might see somebody pretty hot. And you never do. You did it. I mean, maybe you just just don't. You always wonder, where, where did the spaceship plan? What been animals? They just hop off of what the old folks home to. They escaped from. You don't what I mean? Very seldom. Did you see anybody? I don't know. And that kind of evercrabian fish look. You know what I'm talking about? I do. But I can walk outside here, for example, and within like a one block walk, a whole a crap, whatever you want, man. It's there. I've a crab in bitch. But in South Florida, I think in fact, that's why I've been so successful for many many years. You know, I'm 30. I was, because I'm so ugly and people can relate to me. Fat, ugly, balding, fag, old, right? They can relate to that, aging rapidly. You're the second floor. You're going to write this down? Yeah. I should try to fix it to you again. But I don't know if there's something, F. Up with your fast machine. Probably Arthur's father's. You're an idiot, Arthur. What's your take on Al Gore's endorsement? Howard Dean. Here's my five choices. It will help Dean a lot. Are you writing this down? Yeah. So I pause. Whatever. It makes, should I read like one word at a time? That'll kill some good time. It is the holidays. It makes no difference. It'll actually hurt Dean. I'm sure some people would agree with that. Although it's kind of a stupid choice. But some people will vote for that. By the way, Julie, we're going to have to. Oh, because running mate, this blindsided old Jewelie, woman, which I'm glad to see that. Because that man, he makes me. I would vote 100 times for Al Sharpton before I even think about voting for Julie, woman. How do you like that? Right? Right. And Al got 200 grand in court the other day, so maybe he'd loan us a few bucks. But I vote for anybody before I vote for Julie, woman. Not Bush. I would just leave the country. Are I already have? It guarantees the nomination for Dean. That's your fourth choice. And last but not least, of course, I don't care I'm for Bush, which we will trace those votes. It'll come to your house and the lock and tie you up on election day. Of course, they won't need your vote anywhere. It'll be fixed. This could be next year. This could be the last election ever in the US. That's my prediction. I thought, and in fact, if we have it, if we have it, right? If we have it, read that again. Just to make sure. What's your take on Al Gore's endorsement? Well, this is for a little later on, like Nunesh. What's your take on Al Gore's endorsement of Howard Dean? It will help Dean a lot. Got it? Yep. It makes no difference. It will actually hurt Dean. Got it? Mm-hmm. It guarantees denomination for Dean, or I don't care. I'm for Bush. Got that? Got it? A group of women in Southeast and Michigan say they'll use pictures of scantily clad babes in an effort to smash George W Bush's reelection hopes. Babes against Bush is the group calls itself finds to use pin-up girls as the meeting for its anti-bush message. All right. Babes against Bush's created a liberal leaning campaign to promote political awareness to the most unlikely of audiences, men whose cultural taste tend towards setterfolds and these swimsuit issues of sports magazines to groups set to press release in other words, the sports nerds who listen to QM their other 20 hours of the day. Those folks. We figured that this was a good thought of way to make people aware of the damage George Bush is doing in America said Babes against Bush model, Elinore vast binder. Guys like hot girls, so maybe they would mind getting the message from us. They'd like to get something from you, honey. Maybe that maybe I'm reading it wrong, getting the message from us. The group is offering what it calls a regime change countdown calendar which ticks off the days until Operation Day 2005 when a group published Bush v. Displaced by an actual elected president. Oh, I like that! That'll be novel. They're ticking it off. The calendar, the last election ticked everybody off except the Bush likers. The calendar features 13 photos of provocatively dressed around dressed models, but is also a chronology of the Bush administration's misdeeds, and manglings of the truth the group said. In other words, bald-faced lies. What better ways they're to get guys to notice that the president is a bozo commented January babe vast binder. Pictures of the girls will get their retention they'll look long enough to read the fine print. Or yeah, they'll be looking at the space, especially if they put the fine print in the right place. Kind of like in the Bush? You don't have to be beautiful to hate George's W. Bush's group's website. Says I can certainly vouch for that. You know what I mean? Oh, good. Right. Because there are few who hate him more than I do. Let's have a contest. Okay. What's the question? Athens Greece, okay. As Jim, who's the facts is continued to just amazin' his staff. I think Jim is trying to make the Guinness Book a record for the most consecutive facts with the shortest number of four. In fact, you could have just written Athens. Jim, we know where Athens is. Is that Athens? Yes. That's right. Athens, Georgia, that's where the Virgin Mary keeps popping up. Damn it, they're she's again. Let's see, what do they, what does that say? In regards to two by each and no was arc, what if one of them animals were past, or this is past reading age, tool to get pregnant? Oh, badness, steak, Noah. In fact, maybe that's why I hold a lot of the animals from those days. Those pre-a-scoric times. I mean, pre-centible times. Maybe that's why we don't have no more. You think? They're right. The dinosaurs wouldn't fit. Remember they thought I said that? They could don't get sore about it. In fact, remember, we're a CD USA in your Chevrolet. We've made dinosaurs every time we brought that up, especially when I talked about Bert Reynolds Wig. And the fact that he might be a fact. Now, we don't believe that Bert, how's Bert and Jackson doing? Anybody seen him lately? No. We're a mystery. We go eat and free these days. But what's Bert and Jackson, when that honored, that must have been really a bad day in his life. To which we say? Right. 1041 at 560 WQM every day is a good day over a brandy's because it's going strong with their 25th anniversary this year. 25 long, excruciating years to take care of your smelly feet. That's right. Whether you have beautiful lovely feet like me, or maybe kind of like mangled cancels. They don't care. Even Hillary get a good fit over there because they have the top names. They got the best prices. And they got a personalized sales staff. We need to know their crappy. Give you a friendly service to make sure you get a perfect fit every time. At Brandy's your final top names, rockports echoes. The best or timbre of Clark's essay has floor shime. You want to take that. And no matter how big or small your feet may be, how large or petite they could fit you because they got men size 6 to 15, women's 5 to 12 wits from the very, very narrow to the very gigantic big fat and wide. Brandy shoes your final bet. 1290 North Federal Highway in Papua, Beach, the Ropen Monday through Saturday, 9 to 9. Every Sunday, 10 to 5. And all this wicked Brandy's. Rockports. Ah. I'm gagging on you. Ah. Ah. What a mhive. All this wicked Brandy's men's rockport pro walkers are only 4890. You can also save up to 57% other select rockport styles. I'm gagging on it. Just a little flim. Stop and revisit him on the away. But Brandy's shoes. That's what. With two S's. Brandy's shoes.com. It's under bring some flowers for me. And my life and love all this is for 25. So, you're going to win. Yes. The decilence get right to the things that the most talk about of recent data and that's crisis. You have had a financial problem. You know Larry, I'm not making so much money these days. We are told that you have your part of the financial problem. Oh, definitely. Yes. And I think that. Well, I sort of have an inside track you know what I mean. That's what I mean. A storage of the truth somewhere in the vicinity of 700 billion dollars. Did you know it was that much? No, I'd be at 700 billion. Billion, yes. Your kidding. He's everything. You know what they say? Yeah, bitch. She might you. Montestort fraud. That's true. She's falling apart. Bankruptcy actually. This is a business Larry King live. Don't go away. 1046 and 560 WDQM. So anyway, Leigh on France. We're going to put that one under L. Y. Owen. Sure, whatever. Because this fact says beautiful people are glomerate in the south of France. They are glomerate. If you need a city, I will now make Leon or Tolus, Tolus LaDrec. But we're not going to put Tolus. PS, I never take, I take the one. I take the never in church. Oh, such an extreme that I want to 10 church weddings. I do have a receptionist. I was waiting party afterwards. But I ain't no hypocrite. Well, that's good because I ain't get to free food. Right. We don't have to go in here. Go through that whole silly stupid ass thing. A lot of us also enjoy that policy. Right. It's kind of like one of the parties. Christmas party ratings parties. But anyway, I say it's against my religion to go into other churches. So CNN has been this to the punch, which I figured they would, but I checked on it and they did. I just go and see it and it's about time you did something. They already got their pull ago and we'll take ours at noon. How well Al Gore's endorsement effect. Howard Deans campaign. See that they don't have a whole bunch of good choices like we do. It's like, oh, everything is like either black or white. Everything is like Al Sharpton or West Clark. Black or white. Helped. 54,441 votes. 62% Hindert. 38. 33,0881 out of 88,322 votes. That's almost the maze we get. 62 to 38% say that Gore's endorsement will help Howard Dean. I think what they're really trying to say is, what's not to like? Right. Right. And that'll go away and put it. I think that's what we're trying to say. Here's something not to like. A suicide bomber blew up a car pack with explosives at the gates of military barracks today, entering 41 American troops in six Iraqi civilians. Hours earlier, three soldiers died in a road accident in Central Iraq and three civilians died when a bag dead mask was robbed. The attack at the Army base occurred at 445 a.m. local time on a car road to the gate of the base in the town of Tallah Far, 30 miles west to the northern city of Mosul, guards at the night of the city. And a watch tire, watch tower open far on a vehicle and moment later blew it up to bomb left a large crater with the gates entryway and a insanity continues madness. 567 we got to get some more cities on his pool, baby, and what city in the world you find the best looking people. So far, we got Miami 56, Prague 15, Toronto 14 a. Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13. Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 10. Kilo 10. Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, K 135, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 11, Kilo 13, Kilo 18, Kilo 15, Kilo 11, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 16, Kilo 13, Kilo 14, Kilo 14, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 15, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 11, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 14, Kilo 18, Kilo 14, Kilo 14, Kilo 14, Kilo 13, Kilo 18, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 13, Kilo 15, Kilo 13, Kilo 14, New South South North South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South South North South South South South South South those are too i mean there are many different kinds of a tad in looks you know what i mean correct many different kinds of a tiny looks and some include a hook look right a big hook nose some would make him use for jewish like a brine in life a brine who found out he was a roman after all he had the aromas nose kind of a kai a heb arrest he pedestrian a red sea pedestrian sort of one of my favorite types of that movie i'm a red sea pedestrian that's what you a liberment try to send it was okay big deal go walk here go go try now you just a point yeah go walk across it right now i mean there they see if if for a girl would rise up about liberment four year three years ago we wouldn't be in this mess right now we wouldn't have the bush mice do we wouldn't be up to our ears in this clagmire and a rack is that interesting how is everybody in her brother now is called a clagmire after i've been doing that for like how many months and call me's a fascist Nazis which i've been doing for years and that amazing if you wait long enough they'll catch up to old it's right here's our favorite line it's always a winner line nine q a m hello wishful thinking man right home and over day there's a long line he'd like to give you a little best holiday wishes w q a m yes sir i would i would i'd condominate for me i'd say yes Sydney Austria yeah that's what i hear thanks a lot palmy and have a good okay you go boy Sydney Austria it's just too far to get there man everybody talks about how great it is down under but it's just so damn far from anywhere it's like a why it's the same thing unless you live on a west coast right it's the other side of the world unless you live on the left coast is the assholes like to say it it is i mean the way down under there still a lot of facts they're in Sydney so i hear in fact you've ever that sure love Sydney with Tony Randall no and was what was the other show he was on where he played the uh... queen with jack clubman no not not with jack clubman that was the odd couple was the other show was that love Sydney i'd be seen yeah we played on call city who happened to be gay it was on about how many minutes was that on the peacock star like uh... molting right we did so we better get rid of that Tony Randall by the way just turned 95 his wife is pregnant again right w qa m w qa and hello and you please speaking mougat boga boga w qa and hello yes sir on your attention haha wow haha i didn't get my memo i told you the way i saw these flash in frankly in a big it worked up today just the way we like it actually baby keep it coming Sydney australia we got that one on there are you getting it w qa and hello with morning morning to you sir i wish you happy holidays yes i also want to say often it's good what's good for people yeah if only salited with lownome some deodorant or barosopo be good about it razor i said i have a rain holiday yeah well i'm trying to say is that uh... i've never been there and i'm never going to go there now everybody tells me that me can also great you know those islands off of uh... grease see everybody says o fenomenal fantastic but uh... Athens itself i hear is one of the dirtiest filthy acidis in a world and the people they're just the women have got more here than uh... the hell go ahead and his head today and the uh... the women and a man just every time they grab that soap they drop it because they like to win it the Greek way how's that so they never get to bathe with it they like uh... right home nice olive oil i'll take uh... their word for it i'm not going let's see manhouse vacancies what is this scot for real look at this all right here's some scot for real knows this is excellent thank you so much whoever sent this to us from jim scot for real thank you Jim who's indicated sports talk show once aird on wmvpa m in chicago auditioning for an ongoing role on man cow mullers wk qxf and morning show for all would replace freak who abruptly exit at manhouse morning manhouse last week after nine years as traffic reported joined wzz and fm so there's some radio news there for your from chicago good luck the scot i and i i really think he just needs to get out of self-lober immediately not sooner in the final place uh... you know yeah who shouldn't right and especially get away from his good post personal friend i don't want to mention no name of salute that one the back standard the oj's when they did that song speaking oj the oj's the song of back stever they had to mow in mind that's what they were thinking about the song was all about him but i don't forget 60th birthday to the four jim arson we'll get to that remains eracle speak not oh what an asshole all speaking of rate to recording artists ozios born badly injured and crash bad news british rocker ozios born fractured eight riffs and a vertebra in his neck and a bike crash on his english country estate but doctor said that he's comfortable and stable in hospital especially all the way to britain the accadians of that to the university in the hospital comfortable and stable in hospital i don't know what they do that what about the borne most famous for biting off the head of a bad mode of his wildest stage concerts would wasn't about uh... they said it was underwent emergency surgery at the wetsum park hospital in southern England overnight after the crash on an altering bike at his estate in fucking him sure or sure are you sure mister ozios born was brought in yesterday following an accident home consultant dick jack told reporters outside the hospital early today that's his name consultant spotted dick jack he had a fractured left collarbone he had some damage to the blood vessel a lot of his underneath the collarbone he had eight fractured riffs on the left side and this did that he has a small and terribly stable fracture of one of the vertebra in his neck the fifty five year old heavy metal rocker was injured by writing a quad bike during a day off from promoting his new single the do what with his daughter Kelly entitled changes as he born in burbing ham sent a link in the first shot to fame in nineteen seventies at leeching or the groundbreaking heavy metal band black savath his viciously angry lyrics gruesome stage stunts and disturbing images of evil earned the band called status yada yada yada in a course we have another ozi article later about the fact that he was stoned off his ass when he did the whole series and all these interviews etc he's got a little problem in running like rush the difference being we hate rush and we like azias born a lot right so there's the difference he's thought he's honest about it right ten fifty six and five sixty it doesn't pretend to be a goody two shoes and doesn't tell everybody that he's holding the now point fingers and locked it up that like that say he just did he generate slum and he admits it ten fifty seven a q a and it's the most wonderful time of the rackin every time i see that line in his copy i want to start singing like Andy Williams but i can't sing number one and number two who the hell knows that is it's wonderful unless of course you hit all that traffic the crowded malls along with just lines parking hassles so make your gift giving a little bit easier this year for you and your loved ones a gift certificate from dial a mattress column now tool free one eight hundred mattress and gift the gift i'll be thinking you for year and in year out dial a mattress is got gift certificates in any denomination methodist promise and capital keybrou and a new bed for the master bedroom is a perfect gift your lunch or for years at dial a mattress no phony promises no bait and switch just this count prices every day on a brand name is you know trust and love now including students and foster data mattress got the lowest prices anywhere on students and foster who it when you call that a mattress at one eight hundred mattress you picked it a time for delivery not some bogus a thing that they set up for never show up you picked it to our window seven days week and they actually show up anytime between eight in the morning and ten night that you want noon to two one to three et cetera i've been sleeping on a mattress from these folks for years you should be doing your back in your health the same favorite do the same thing on a sales practices fantastic unbeatable everyday service and low prices same day delivery and free setup and removal all make it easy to see our telematrices ranked the best in the world and customer satisfaction column today tool free at one eight hundred mattress one eight hundred m a t t r e s or check them out online at mattress dot com happy holidays from all your friends at dial a mattress or look what I was just in. cloud determine The prince of f***y football. This year looks like it's gonna be exciting in the NFL. One team to definitely watch out for other green-bay peckers. Cut, Tarzy, that's peckers. One. Peckers, green-bay peckers. Not peckers? Okay, okay. Oh, he's done again. He's done it over. Get a music. In the IFC Central, you have to watch out for the upstock Cleveland Browns. Browns. What the f*** is a Brown? Cut. Oh, how about those New England guys? The f***ing patriots or something like that? They reminds me of, when I was growing up in England. Right here, Birmingham. We were poor, family. Azihah, stickin' a script to the camp where you're gonna... Fuck you, I'm the prince of f***ing football. Cut. Cut. Shun. Peckers, Browns. In the NFL scene, you have to like the falkins, the bears, the panthers and lions. Jesus Christ, I feel like I'm in line with the f***ing zoo. Well, he's f***ing f***ing some panthers and sh***ing. It's just football and mutual of Omaha's wild f***ingdom. Cut it. That's all that's on the cue code, man. What do you want me to do about it? That just wrapped in a party. Let's hold for this week five hours of the Osmole. The breach of f***ing football. Let's go. Three, at five, 60WM, there you're showing on CNN. The US helicopter made a hard landing. That was an accident near Feludio, but nobody got hurt. Okay. Seriously, it was an accident, but nobody got hurt. Here's a fact, this is, please take the Miami vote down. That's the resident idiot vote, detraction the true poll. Mucky jungle would be more specific choice of allowing Miami to be choice. Well, we have to do that as much as it pains me because we have many very Perocular people and a lot of slupperers too. A lot of homeless, a lot of people on the rubber rafts who never get out of town. So what do they know? Miami's got 74 on what city would you find the best looking people in the world? Miami 74, Prague 18, Kiloan 15, Toronto 14, Hollywood, California. Where'd that come from? 11? You speak that in on me, but that's a good show. Oh, yeah, from the US. The weekend is 7, Salt Lake, City 6, Boston 6, Rome, Italy, 5, Leon, France. How come we got Rome Italy, but we don't have, okay. I don't care. Leon 3, Athens 3 and City Australia. 3. Suicide blast near Moscow hotel kills 5. Oh, hey. Just the only moments ago, a suicide bomber blew herself up outside the National Hotel. Across from Moscow's red square today, killing five bystanders when he at least 12. And sparking fears of a new wave of terror attacks in the heart of the Russian capital. Politics isn't said the state do more or lower house of parliament might have been the intended target, not the hotel. Well, sometimes they got bad aim like the US, you know, like, and oops. Yeah, Chinese embassy. The attack came shortly before President Vladimir Putin addressed a meeting nearby at the Kremlin in two days after Russian parliamentary elections. Moscow mayor Lutzkov said that there was at least one possibly two female bombers. They appeared to be lost before the blast gasing direction. So they stayed Duma. Oh, he had lost suicide bombers. That's the worst. Man. And more of startling news. The Lug found in a car of the man charged with kidnapping Jewish Shodans matches the Missing College students DNA. Is her said today? I say, let's kill him on TV. Okay. Or let's just hang him up by his balls. Run on TV until he tells us where she is and then they will kill him. Okay. The preliminary match confirmed by a law enforcement source who's spec of course on a condition of anonymity. It would be the most significant yet authorities attempts to convicted sets off Fender Alpazzo. Rod Regas, Jr. at the University of North Dakota student disappearance, never trust anybody named Rod Regas. Look what happened when he sent Pudge Pack, huh? Always be aware of anybody named Rod Regas. See. The source also confirmed reports that a knife-handed Rod Regas truck matched a knife-sheet. Found your Shodans car in a parking lot of the Grand Forrest Shopping Mall where she vanished November 22. He's been charged with her kidnapping his moon ford or 2002 Mercury Sables impotted. Uh, this is story. Have all the background in this, uh, because we've had it. The fact that they elect this son of a bitch out. That's where we, he's convicted rapist with a history of attempted kidnapping with the all women. As you the weapon and at least want to solve, he was registered as a predatory offender. Their classification of those believed to be at the highest risk of committing another sex crime and did not disappoint. He was released from a Minnesota prison and may after serving 23 years for an attempted induction 1979. Wayne Swanson who prosecuted Rod Regas said he tried to abduct a woman off the street and stabbed her when she fought back. So there we go. We keep, I mean 23 years maybe 23 years might be okay, but 23 years obviously wasn't enough. Damn it. 560. Let's get to more cities on this list while this pool till noon, okay? And then we'll get to the real me to the matter the algorithm door. And I should play that thing again like four or five times and we can go home. Okay. WDQAM. 5. Ken, what's going on? How you doing sir? Um, the city was the best looking people is real, do you sure now, or for the little? Real. Yes. Where the men are women in the women and women are men. Not well, the women are, are exceptional. Okay. We got you down, pal. Thanks. Alright. Thanks. I still a way go. Rio de Janeiro. Brazil. It's a long awaited tip, Rary. I told you one time years ago I was going to go to sail Paulo. In fact, I even had my reservation booked and I looked at the map and I realized the trip was like nine and a half hours. I said, I don't think so. That's what we done there with the penguins are. Yeah. Well, really, really much further from Miami. It's like about nine hours. It's a long long, slept man. You could fly to like, you can fly to London in the late six in, well, that's a lot of it. How far is the test here? Like 20, one hour or so. I've never seen that. Somebody called once and said, oh my god. I can't imagine doing that even in business class even though he got out. luxurious comfort of business class. I can't imagine 21 hours is like a whole day. You never take it like a cross country bus trip. No. Don't thank you. I've done it seven times. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon world of finance. Speaking of that, not that I want to bring up bad news. But whatever happened, remember that the series of Greyhound bus, the hijackings that took place there? What? Random crazy people? Like two or three? Yeah. Yeah. Don't you remember that was right around the history. They tried to tie it. They couldn't throw it on the heels of that. Wasn't it? It was just lunatics. They tried to tie it and they couldn't so forget about it. I see. So not just take the bus and leave the driving to us. That's right. Go first. WQM. Hey, I want you to talk to me. I want to give him a city. Speaking, sir. Doesn't this just not kneel? Is she what it is? Oh kneel. Good morning. How are you doing? I'm doing great. How are you doing? Okay. Cape Town, South Africa. Get out of town. Cape Town, South Africa? Yes. Okay. Yeah. Very beautiful woman. Blond and blue eyes. Woo! That German blood. What could I tell you? Probably kidnapped him from Sweden, no doubt. Thanks a lot, pal. Okay. You take care of him. Cape Town, South Africa. Unlikely source, but there's a few white folks down there. In fact, I mostly buy folks in South Africa. They should've owned them. Darkies up into the jungles. Depending on which hood you're in. Right. Well, it's really sad what's going on over there. And of course, there were oblivious. You just listen to the Pope and George W. Don't talk about birth control and any of them classes. Otherwise, we're going to take away your AIDS funding. And certainly, don't be using no condoms. Otherwise, the Pope's going to make sure you burn and hell. And you put it in a bad word for you. So it's kind of like a catch. And there's a lot of bad things. 560505060. It's just it's so sad, man. It is so sad when you start listening to religious nuts. When is it the people in power? Like they are in a Vatican and in the US and Washington. And in so many other places in the world. Then you have to go, like that. What the hell chance of we got? Because like I told you yesterday, in a minute and other times, that's what the battle on the face of the earth is. The intelligent, the rational. Forget about intelligent, the rational. The anti-religious crowd who realize that, you know, we got to take care of Venice here. And then the superstitious, Hocus, Pocus crowd. Oh, the Lord works in mysterious ways. And Armageddon's coming and Baba Boyan, all the other crab. Man, and people, they need to be locked up right along with that. Rodriguez Guy. WDQAM. Come to Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, hey, I said, didn't call into chime in on your pole. But I would have had that. That's okay. It's probably got to be Rio. Because, um. Or somewhere in Brazil, because the Brazilian women there in Miami are just gorgeous. I'll be damned. Um, but as you're going to say, you know, I'm real worried about the elections coming up with the dive board and these electronic voting. I mean, does everybody see that that is just like the wolf guarding the henhouse? I can't believe that after the debacle of 2000 that the country buys all the way to fix it is with a paperless, you know, totally. Uh, system that you can't track. No paper. Real, right. Well, we had a story on a couple of days ago about the fact that the, uh, the paper was Neil and Roy that they're testing the one. That is, uh, the paper trail with it so that, uh, there, there wouldn't, there wouldn't have been any of these machines that, they just strictly have to take their ward on a counter, no way to trace it. But also, I had read. I think maybe on the article on your website that some of them they can, like, any one with a basic computer understanding can get in their hack with them. And even if they do print out something that says, hey, you voted for Gore, how do we know that it didn't register bush? And that's a, I don't want to be safe. And that is, uh, hop on a plane man. So we, I want to really start a protest or something like, when I go to vote in November, I wanted to say, hey, I don't trust these machines. I want my vote on power. That's counter by hand. Then we go through that same thing we did back in 2000, at least to kill some good time anyway. I will trade off. We protested. What happened to the, uh, protesters there and downtown my amel happened. Yeah. America is lost on the, uh, John, in fact, when you, when you'll know on January the first one, you're placed in American flag with that swastika, then you'll know it's official. Love you, Neil. See you to border, pal. Bye bye. Good luck to us. Hey, speaking of, imagine this. Imagine Todd rec lying in your backyard like look at like a pus, a pus fuel. With blood and pus oozing from every porn is body. Can you imagine that? I love it. Imagine this. Imagine zero closing costs under next mortgage. Zero application fee. Zero credit bureau fee. Zero discounted points. It's the last mortgage. Deliver need the revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group. Now with interest rate, it just 1.95% you heard right. If you have yourself a 200,000 dollar loan, your payments are a pitence. Amir 738 bucks a month. Once you be finance, you're going to new home mortgage from financial group. You'll never pay closing cost again. So what's not to like about that? Call them toll free and find out all about it. At 1-800-940 land. Grab yourself real financing power with low rate mortgage. You can move your next property without any further calls. Any further cost of expense. The only one mortgage from financial group is what we're talking about. Call 1-800-940 land for details. It's a whole new way to buy. You pay zero underwriting fee. Zero dot fee. Zero prepayment penalty. Zero closing costs. Even when you move to another property. So get yourself financing. It's just 1.95% call 1-800-940 land. And never pay closing cost again. That's 1-800-940-L-E-N-D. The renequal housing lender restrictions apply. Rate sub-util change monthly 5.19 APR. We're supposed to re-elphyse each one. You a-m. And film and wear all the girls disrolled. There's one thing keeps me going back the lack of their wardrobe. Maybe one will come home with me. Oh, that is what I hope. Oh, I really like the one named joy. A stripper named joy. Oh, I really like some Christmas joy. Sorry that you stepped on the Humphor. They're 1117 at 5.60. They stepped on the Humphor. Yeah. Are they getting all bent out of shape and psychotic here? That dao went a little buff 10 grand for like about 2 seconds. And now it's 99.69. It's up 4.4. And as that is down 60. But again, they keep both. Just like I told Ted David, when he called it last week, Samole Crap playing with a mind to the public. It's the old psychological. And everything is great. And look at all these new jobs people are got for like 5 bucks an hour. See, that's another thing they haven't told you about the kinds of jobs that people are getting. They're still almost 3 million jobs short. We're talking about real jobs. You know what I'm saying? Yes, I know. Real jobs. Real honest to goodness jobs. Not makefully funny. Ballony part time jobs. Jobs during a holiday season jobs. All of these things. Right. Not try to like PN anybody's parade. But keep it in perspective. Because man, oh, man, are they trying to play a psych game on a public? Hey, everything's really great. And there's Alan Greenspan with his briefcase that old fossil. Jesus Christ Almighty. I'm so sick and tired of seeing that piece of crap. Here's a fact that says, The life never been there, but we all must have the best looking people. Seems to me last time we took this. We got the same result. It wasn't that long ago. In fact, I got to call this David and start me to do this. Thu, okay. That's okay. I used to work in downtown. I mean, the only thing to look forward to in the summer with the annual Brazilian invasion. Holy Schmidt from 14 to 40, maybe 50. The women were stunning. 14 to 50. 14. The boys. Yeah. We're not even one. Nothing. Get a respond to that. Why? That petal perve. Ha ha ha ha. Well, some 14 year old girls look 18. See, better check ID. The best was seeing them at the pool of the inner continental hotel. And I see, I don't understand this. You'll have to brief me. Especially when you had an 18 or 19 year old and her M.I.L.F. going topless together. What does that mean? Mom, I'd like to, you know. Oh. Dad, going topless together, which the inner continental used to wink had given its European and South American Glentel outstanding. I never heard that before my life. See, leave it to Josh Diffolison on that. That's from the American Pie movie. Oh, well, no wonder we don't know what it is. Oh, geez, man. Oh, I know. That was a cute movie, but yeah, it was cute. Yeah. Not the kind of movie they have memorable lines for my don't think. Now, speaking of memorable lines, here's something that did a lot of memorable lines. And that's probably why he's dead today. Six years old today. Nice going, Jim. Well, Chris, though, walks in of everything. He made a lot of stuff. What I hear. Walks in. Which? Jim Morrison's voice. Jim Morrison's former bandmates. Hey, Jim. Not good back with it, but everyone. Jim Morrison's former bandmates, Bruno and Candles, a rose in a poem that is great and Paris yesterday. It could be pretty light, my fire singer. I wonder if light my first on his disc, you think? I can't hear about it anymore. It's not on this one. I'm not going to get to you, everyone. Don't do it. And talk to you, girl. Well, what would have been his 60th birthday yesterday? Oh, it's the same. Oh, it's here. We're trying to evoke this spirit of Jim, Robby Krieger, former guitarist for the North, told us he's a fan of Kippie-Ein Polis barriers. Many have white candles and old album covers. Right. It had the hard-mitting singer survived the turn, 60 would have been happy laughing, joking at good man. The other notches, Rayman's director, the Doris keyboardist. I mean, who is so Elvis? I can't ever do that. Do you wonder why he was no Elvis? I give up because he sang real music. Oh. See what I'm saying? Don't I know? I mean, I don't want to do Elvis back, especially if the holidays will probably have to play the Elvis today. But, um, see how all the people they brought readers, they just can't take the orders man. Oh, wait till you hear this. You want to really puke your guts out? Okay. This will make you get down on your hands and knees and do the old bar for Ramma, the old M.I.L.F. You want that sandstorm? No. Man, I'd like to throw up. This is from the, uh, speaking of, you know, I'm just the 5 report. Maybe Miss Pudge and Bob Cuenst are getting together. Oh, God. Yes. The supporters of former C. Bob Cuenst wanted you go on. Just get a real job and stop trying to be an O.J. on provocative. You asshole. Faggot you. You idiot. You simple then. Miss Pudge reports last night. Supporters of former First Lady Harry Rodham Clinton will run cable TV ads urging Democrats to write in her name during the next month's democratic presidential primary. The ads start running today. Time to coincide with the Democratic candidates debate on W.M.U.R. TV. The local ABC affiliate that it may also be televised nationally on C.S.B. Bob Cuenst, the Florida Queen activist behind the writing campaign, said the 30 second ads would run for three days on cable stations in Concord, Manchester and Portsmouth, to Hampshire. God, does he make you want a bar for a while? Told you. Yep. She's not running Cuenst. And here we got Gore endorses Howard Dean today, but here's an, and again, wouldn't you think of all the people? Howard Dean who signed these. Civil Union Bill in Vermont, which was ground breaking at the time, and still is. And this guy wants to write in Hillary. Maybe he likes the way Hillary dresses better. Maybe he appreciates her cancels more than we do. Maybe he wants to borrow her dresses. Maybe he likes to dress. Maybe he can misfog your like dressing up together. Who knows for the holidays? Because what else would misfog your gotten that, except for straight from the horses as. That's them. Oh, God. See, that's one of the things about South Florida, and the same tired old nudnix. They just never go away. At least I need to probably have the decent see to get leave town. Even it wasn't a real, but at least they got around a town. But Bob Cuenst is the same old crap with a bumper stickers, and we're having a meeting by the old oak tree down there in Kendall to try to figure out our strategy for our next meeting. Remember that? Yeah. And then they got pissed off at us because we stop calling, announcing all the goddamn meetings. Well, let's have a meeting and wave the flag and blow a horn and whistle or blow something. I got a column for you that's going to knock your socks off. Great. By Fred Grimmant today's Miami Herald. It's a cold day in Rio de Janeiro. Actually, it is cold in the Rio part of the day. Isn't it winter in the summer? Right. The seasons are as backward. Just like them in a women. They're kind of like got their as backward. A boy they're hot. They're hot. Fred Grimm, Terry Shivow, is sustained only by politics. Man, this is one of the best columns that Fred Grimm is ever written. Nice going Fred. Everyone's in a while. He's pretty good. Right? Right? He's not like Mayo. Thank God. A wretched come like once every two years. Sorry Mike. Oh, my son vacation anyway. Like I said, the lift of my ass. He says, all the political grandstanding hasn't changed the gruesome truth. There's no hope for Terry Shivow. Her new court-appointed guardian, Adlydem, spent a month studying her medical records and court documents. He talked to nurses and doctors. He questioned medical legal and bioethical experts. And religious scholars. He talked to family members. He spent time nearly every day at the bedside of the depleted woman at the center of Florida's right to die controversy. He found nothing in her perpetual mindless response that offered hope. Guardian J. Wilson reported this week that highly competent scientifically-based physicians using recognized measures and standards have deduced with a high degree of medical certainty that Terry is in a persistent vegetative state. She has no intellectual capacity. No hope or recovery. No logical test and brain scans will soon notes indicate that Terry's cerebral cortex is principally liquid, paving shrunk. Due to the severe anorexic trauma experience 13 years ago. On February 25, 1990 Terry suffered a heart attack. A loss of oxygen to a brain cause they permit loss of cognitive function after 70 years of failed efforts to revive his wife, her husband Michael surrendered to the inevitable. And it took him more than three years to accommodate this reality. He was beginning to accept the idea of allowing Terry to die naturally, rather than remain in the non-cognitive vegetative state Wilson wrote in his report to the governor. But that decision, which the husband said follows his wife's wishes, set off a bitter feud and court fight with Terry's parents and siblings. They've been absolutely opposed to any decision to disconnect the feeding tube. The Guardian noted that during the years long struggle with these shinlers, a voice that asturbing believed that they would keep Terry alive at any and all costs, even if that required amputation of her limbs or open heart surgery. As part of the hypothetical presented, Schindler family member stated that even if Terry had told him a hypertension to have, artificial nutrition withdraw they would not do it. The feeding tube was finally removed in October, but the legislature urged on by the governor and religious fundamentalists, Interveying the tube was reinserted. A Guardian was appointed a representary, but Wilson's investigation offered no hope. The University of South Florida Professor tried to listen to some response from Terry or her, himself, he spent time with their parents who similarly tried to infiltrate awareness in their daughter nothing happened. Wilson's report only mirrored the finding of so many judges who would consider this awful case for years, he had discovered nothing new. Of course, the governor before leaping into this painful familial fight easily could have read the same records, the legislators before passing such controversial legislation could have first considered opinions of the same experts, scientific testimony would have led them to the same set, inscapable conclusion that Terry Chival was beyond hope, but scientific reality didn't matter. The governor and legislators were indulging in anti-science, like medieval potentates, hauling Terry into a political form to appease their ignorant zealots. Wilson gently suggested that the governor in the warring factions agreed to a compromise, if Terry can eat and drink or swallow on a road than she'd be sustained, otherwise the tube would be disconnected. She'd be allowed to die, too late I'm afraid to die with dignity. Of course, the governor won't agree, he and his dark age allies already know that Terry Chival can't eat or drink or swallow on a road. They know that she's beyond medical, healthy, only thing sustaining her depleted life is a gruesome intrusive, very medieval kind of politics. What a great con of my Fred Graham today's Miami hero man, he deserves a peel of surprise. That was good, something. When that good, right on target and Valze to say it, the governor and his religious fanaticist fundamentalist allies, just playing politics with this emotional situation, as always, another goddamn bush. 27-pash 11, that's what Harry wanted. Just before he croaked, Harry carried another goddamn bush. So that's what he wrote. 10-sealinitary. If we want to welcome a new sponsor out of New Rogers show, it's EF Tower and Audra Repair. The EF Tower and Audra Repair is located at a 53-northed or a federal highway. You'll find him just a mile and a half north of Sample Road and Pristigis, Pompano Beach, and EF Tower and Audra Repair experience makes the difference. Man experience is what it's all about. All EF mechanics are ASC certified technicians, current with all latest technology and most of them with EF team for almost 20 long years. The EF team has got over 200 combined years of experience, so in other words, they know their crap. No job is too big or too small, EF from a blown fuse or a blown engine from a 73-to-out-a-dune, or four-bently, EF Tower and Audra Repair does it all. All jobs are meticulously double-checked or accuracy by the shop foreman, and EF Tower is playing upon completion of the work too. EF Tower is most extended warranties and offers you wide-away service and most repairs as well. EF Tower and Audra Repair, 53-northed or a federal highway in Pompano Beach, called 9-5-4-4-2-6-9926. That's 9-5-4-4-2-6-9926, ask about their 98-same as cash, no interest credit card. EF Tower and Audra Repair nationally recognizes one of the most successful automotive-of-repair facilities in the USA, and EF Tower is nobody cares more and nobody will work hard to learn and learn your business. Got it? EF Tower is a very good company, and it's a very good company. EF Tower is a very good company, and it's a very good company. EF Tower is a very good company, and it's a very good company. EF Tower is a very good company, and it's a very good company. EF Tower is a very good company, and it's a very good company. EF Tower is a very good company, and it's a very good company. EF Tower is a very good company, and it's a very good company. EF Tower is a very good company, and it's a very good company. EF Tower is a very good company, and it's a very good company. EF Tower is a very good company, and it's a very good company. EF Tower is a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company. EF Tower is a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company. EF Tower is a very good company, and it's a very good company. EF Tower is a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company. EF Tower is a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company. EF Tower is a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company. EF Tower is a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company. EF Tower is a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company. EF Tower is a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company. EF Tower is a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company. EF Tower is a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company. EF Tower is a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a very good company, and it's a death, and I'll say it again, there is nobody, this goes to show you what a bunch of weakneed people, you have an assault called Median America, there's nobody else on the air in print anywhere, who will tell you the reason that Al Gore lost wasn't just because of Alphanator, wasn't because of the fixed votes, wasn't because they kept the shorts as voting in Florida, was because they had an Orthodox Jew on the ballot, and he lost just about every seven state, did he win any state in the South, Gore, I don't want to know what to do, but I don't know what he, Florida, yeah, oh, we know that, but outside of Florida, that he wouldn't lose the end, I don't even know if he won any state in the South, to be freaking honest, we're going to get here, let me do a search, 2000, election reads the results, should I do it? Okay, that oughter, I should put presidential, but I'm having time to type all of that crap, 2000 election results, because what I'd like to do is get that map, I, G, the 2000 election, here we go, look at that, there it is, why does it come up with these colors every now and I want to do the web search, I don't like to pink in the blue, if you have to do that, no pink on my computer, fake it, you ask presidential election, it says, oh, it's under fixed elections, Bush versus Gore, oh, these are a whole bunch of pseudo-electual articles about that, I don't want that, but I should put electoral votes, okay, electrical votes, 2000 election, electoral votes, which again is of course a stupid thing, if we didn't got rid of the electoral college a long time ago, we wouldn't have the Bush or my steering there now with all this crap, and we wouldn't be sacrificing the lives of all these American kids in a crazy invasion war and legal war in Iraq, okay, let's see, electoral votes, distribution of votes, 270, now this isn't going to tell me, this isn't going to tell me, this ain't going to tell me crap, I don't want the distribution of electoral votes, I wonder who won, would you look it up, I'm wondering the break, because you're just steering competent, I mean, when it comes to finance stuff on this, you're just not, I mean, I'm just going to be like, what it comes to finding, uh, Teddy, you can not spend that in it, one time, why are you saying I put yesterday, what's that, what was that perverted website, I turned you onto yesterday, I don't know, like tatingbrust.com, something like that, you could not, they want occasion that I try to find something on the internet, relax, I'm just kidding, I just calm down, man, oh man, just because your name is Rodriguez, everybody hates Rodriguez these days, because you got that rapist axiomerter, and then you got the punch mice, do you know who got, they sent punch back and beaters and reek in the lot of it. By the way, let me tell you, who the hell wrote that column was a Dave Hyde man, Dave, on the one hand, Fred Grimm in a hero writes a great calm to you, right the most weak need, oh, what a pussy you are, Dave, they've you ought to hide, Mr. Jika and Mr. Hyde, God, if this comes to an, what a weak need, columny's got about punch rod rigged today, you ought to read it on you, even if you don't like sports, it's so mealy mouth, okay, there's nothing, it's like having pancakes that are mealy, you know what I mean? Oh, hit that, great, you know what I hate, I hate people who are mealy mouth, even if I disagree with you, 100% even like rush, I can't stand limbo, especially with his lies, but at least he, you know, says it like he sees it, which is full of crap, but at least he opens up a big fat mouth, and by the way, since he opened up a big fat mouth, the Eagles have lost the game about Donovan McNab and Steven Knayer by the way, even though they lost the other day, there's so many black quarterbacks, it's just so obviously a racial thing intended like get everybody whipped up into a frenzy, I hope Rosa parks beats the crap out of him, anyway, what's your take, well, both look it up during the break and one of us will find something, I don't think, or one, my point being that putting a, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what has your, what, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what oh, what we've, you're, what, of yours, you can do that you're made it, Anne l cleaned it, bring it to the table and then, it's it's, and what their, yeah, what's your, what in with what's your, what's your, what's your, what. And yours, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your, what your, what's your, I don't, I don't, if you're, please, if your, how to don't get something. What right, but, if the, if you're, give me this, what's your, if, what's your, you know, what's your, I don't, because there was aarrm, oh, say I will, I have him, what's your The worst amount of Howard Dean, it'll help Dean a lot. It makes no difference. It actually will hurt Dean. I was going to say a vast difference, but then it could have been vast differences like part of the puns, right? Stuff for the attitude. It's a tube in the penis? It's a tube. Oh, I hate when they do that. It'll help Dean a lot. It makes no difference. It'll actually hurt Dean, especially if they stick a tube in his penis. If guaranteed the nomination for Dean, right? Don't care on for Bush. I'm for Bush, baby. I'm a Bush man. And nothing you tell me is going to change my mind. You got it. It's right there in your email. It's, oh, you put it on an email instead of like, faxing it to me, which we've been in the month. Oh, no, this is an interactive page and how are you going to get the colors on the fact machine. Oh, I see. Very good. Well, I got a vote first. It'll help Dean a lot. Okay. That's what I voted just to get that. They're going. Twenty-two million. Here's something to help you folks a lot during the holidays. That's the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. Why not let the number one Asian buffet restaurant in the world, the Emerald Coast? Do all the cooking for you this holiday season. It'll be a piece of cake. Reserve your holiday party right now. You're going to accommodate even the largest groups like maybe 10 or 20 or even. Not 10, man. Start your mouth watering eating experience with one or more of six different delicious soups like your hot and sour in your wanton. Then sample dozens of second and on trays like New York strip made the order. If there's sizzling Asian grill along with a brand new seafood saying, Jack and so much more like oysters on a half-shall every night. If that isn't enough, try the relaskin stone crab middle-neck clams. I always thought it was a little neck-kent-clam, didn't you? No. It's middle neck clams. I didn't hear of either one of them. Oh. Jumbo shrimp scampy and after the first time, main lobster on weekends. If you still have room sample their handcar, prime rib, their new Thai specialties too. The Emerald Coast provotes a healthy living service they don't use any crab. No MSG. No a cornstarch. You'll never walk out of there with a headache. Just to make small on your post and they cook everything only with cholesterol free oil too. The buffet features a full salad bar. The new sushi bar first-room cocktail. And if you have any room at all, like I said, bring a big sack and shove this some dessert in there. Because they've got a great dessert station featuring Belgian waples. Or is Randy waffles anyway. Belgian waffles pies cakes, pastries, ice cream and all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit. The perfect ending to a perfect gigantic, not just a meal but a pig out. Emerald Coast relocations free and south Florida. On sunrise at Pine Island in sunrise, there are in that place. Pine Island at a 44th Street. Collins Avenue just north of 163rd Street north of Miami Beach. And at the intersection of the flamingo and pep. roads in Pembroke pines. So take the whole family to got someish fulham or book your next business lunch and right now. Or from a holidays let these folks do the cooking for you. Take out delivery always available called 9504-5723822. 9504-5723822 for the world amazing Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. Live in local near sports radio 560's you and you a M. No, an open letter to all movie critics from the catamha hat. To all those who set my movie with thumb, I was biggest star as Denzen or Tom. 40 million tickets sold and so I beat up the cheeses out of Russell Crowe. I'm the highest thing in Hollywood. I did it with no one said I could. To all those mean, hateful no snumbers who drive their Mercedes and shiny black humbers. Now go eat your words you fuzzy gene shallot and pummel yourself in their head with a melon. To wax and to wich and to rudge and jaw. Show it up your butt with a big grease pole. Miss catas on top of the office of Bucks and all of your heads are full of rocks. Now all can be jealous of this red hot kiddie who's wearing white bling and snoop or pee-ditty. The freaks and the hose all over my crib last night making love by broke a crib. So screw all the critics who doubted the cat. Let them all make a poopy and my giant striped hat. This has been an open letter to all movie critics from the cat. Some of the words if I said Tom Brady is an M.I.L.S. with that have some significance. But that, uh, anyway I got some bad news for you. Yeah. Email that you sent me see I told you you could do the easy way the sure way you're always got to email. You're always going to email. Yes, what I'm trying to open up the email is his hot mail is permanently blocked of following potentially unsap attachments. President.org. How do you like that? You could do it. So you're trying to like feed me some kind of a virus or some kind of like a crap or something like that. You're trying to like feed some more into my computer for maybe seniors. Well, guess what? Hot mail is permanently blocked that they said. Vafangula baby. You're not getting a knife in ABC news. Oh, wait a minute. Well, in other words, my search or just the website. Uh, well, I can't do that. And I got like 8 million because of you. Look at that thing. I got a URL up there. It's got 40,000 words in it. Maybe not 40,000. Not 40,000. Not 40,000. 65 votes. What's your take on out. Wars endorsement of Howard Dean. It'll help deal a lot of 27. It'll make no difference. 16. I don't care. For Bush 10. 15.3%. It guarantees the nomination for D nine. It'll actually hurt Dean. Three. I don't even know why I put that on there. But I knew somebody to vote for it. And I was right. Okay. Now what's the website? But moment please. I was trying to print it. And you. I'm having prints and problems as you know. Why? That's still going on? Yeah. Oh, I thought stuff was clear to be in the URL. I'm funny. This thing's long as a mile. We can't do this on the air. Okay. All right. Can't give you the website. Well, if you're in the middle of the way, you can't facture to me either. No. I'll facture the website. I can't print it up. I got right at down. In fact, that's my God. What a joke. I didn't find in my police. I'll try to study. And otherwise, not can't possibly be more than a few weeks in that joint. I thought it was a free-year on vacation that we'd the first day I sat down there. I wanted to tear my hair out. The phone was all screwed up. And the thing just like you had a wooden print anything out. Man. It answered your question. No, he did not win any Southern states. Well, there you go. Let's see. We went through all of that. Kill about 15 minutes. Do it at night. Go and guys. Thank you. Did not win. This is Jimmy. Maroja. And New Mexico are as southern as it got. Well, Maryland is not exactly what you call a Southern state. And need to know Mexico hardly considered a Southern state. Illinois, Iowa. No, no, no. That's a Vania. Last time I checked this one out, so me. I know New York, New Jersey, Vermont, New Hampshire. He went to Hampshire. Maine. No, no, not when New York. New Hampshire was the only state in the world he lost. Right. Michigan. Yes. I'm doing this for memory, of course. California. See, Washington, Oregon. No, not Oregon. Washington, yes, Oregon. Oh, my God. That's the press. Yeah. Illinois's. See, he lost Ohio. Yes, he did. Yeah. And the code is he did that. We need to go to that. We need to go to that. No, no, no. Montana. Or Oklahoma. No. Or Texas. Arizona. Or Arizona. Or Utah. Or Wyoming. No. He won. Why? That's it. Very good. Isn't it? Oh, we don't have to mention all the seven states like the Carolina's because, like, you say, I think it'll be fine if they're losing Carolina. I've been facts as hear. It says, I was listening to your program yesterday. May we back from an interview with Los Mahai paying job two plus years ago. Like those three million other people out there who aren't quite sure it in this great economic comeback that they keep giving us a song and advance about. Oh, downtown, thousand. The remember was 117. Okay, downtown, 1000. My ass. And by the way, at eight, 10,000. What is it? 99. 77. I just can't quite get it up. It's like, and then it falls again. But then, of course, 245 would have a green spun. Makes us big announcement that they're two 15 or whatever it is this afternoon. Oh, wow. We're going to keep interest rates to say the American dollar. Let me tell you right now is worth a dime. It ain't worth a crap. You could just wipe your ass with it. You know that the euro is like, I don't really want to look at it today. Over 122. You know what it was about a year and a half ago. 92 cents. And now it's $122 against the dollar. The Canadian dollar, or a year and a half or with 62 cents, now it's 77 plus. So enough to make you gag. But anyway. I even says, I was listening to your program yesterday. My way back from an interview when I heard you ask about Puerto Rican delicacies. Having been there so many times, here are some for Pudge. Just as we send Pudge Packing. So instead of sending him, I have a packet of a sandwich. We'll pack him a Mofongo. Hey Mofongo Pudge. Ivan, look at this. How do you like that? Yeah, Ivan, that's Ivan. See, as an Ivan Pudge Rodriguez. See. I'll be damned. Mofongo is like a Boston post on. It was like a big toast on it. A mashed green plantains that have been fried and shaped in large container. Maybe filled with meat shrimp, creole or lobster creole. Normally served in the container that resembles a mortar. Wow, I'm mortified here in that. Aren't you? Come on. Pastels, very similar to Tomali's, but made of mashed green plantains, and has some kind of meat. I eat chicken, pork, etc., or human remains in a creole sauce. And the entire mass is wrapped in a banana leaf and then placed in a hot water until the cooked. What is nothing like human excrement in a creole sauce? See, that's what they do is they do anything they put in. They take a flame around, just so that it's in a creole sauce. It's good for you. Al Caputias. It's a fritter made of mashed green plantains that have been a, if filling like meat or seafood. A fritter. You know, I haven't had a corn fritter in about 100 years. Neither. That's good. Hush puppies. Where did you, we used to get corn fritters? Like into fear? Okay. That's one kind of thing. That's one kind of thing. Like in corn fritters. They've even two of us in school. And I hope our pronounce is right Ivn. Kokito. Yeah. We have one of those. Right. It's the typical Puerto Rican egg nog. Having rum and coconut to flavor the egg nog. Normally, the Latin egg nog is heavy on the rum. Well, of course it is. Because in my Latinos man, he likes to get a little, uh, cock-eyed. Little goofed up. Come on. Worked at the party last night is what I'm hearing. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Found 5, 60. On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. But a good time was had by all. Here's, uh, let's see. One of our perverted facts. You see, there's a watch. You can all cheer on the espink classic. Wood Howard Coast cell. He rubbed elbows with the elite. He was respected. He was an Israeli legend. I believe, most things he's on Cossail's level. Absolutely. Oh, what a joke. The way he drops names and acts like an arrogant snob. But mow is a shmo. Right, sir. A chronic facts. How do you like that? Let's see. Yesterday, Mr. Ego states to his trove of collar. Then he would like to put the rest of any rumours that he's considering the vacated slot. I'm WQ and there was previously filed by Scott Ferrell. Oh, my God. Oh, no. You know what? This is the joke that the secretary does. This is the best. This made my day. My week and made my entire life. Mr. Ego, Steve K. Is the denying officially that he's not considering. Wow. He states to his trove of collar that he would like to put the rest of any rumours that is considering the vacated slot on WQ and there was previously filed by Scott Ferrell. Mr. Ego stated he makes more money on his current show. But have to take a cut and pay to move the QAM. Also, he thought very carefully about this did not take that brand of talk would work well before the very old The O'Rodger shows us Chris. Right, Mr. Ego. With your 14 old conquer listeners. Right, talk about old rumours. I beg your pardon. Rumours started by. By him. I see. Here's a fact that says I just received this email from the true majority. It says pants on fire is coming to Florida taking for a spin. What does this mean? I've heard you can translate it. I have no idea what that means. I've seen some guys who acted like they had their pants on fire. Need to the host, John. Put the old flame out. Varmer's CD dodges drugged sludge. I love this. As men again, the right wingers they just throw a lot of crap up there. Hope that it hits the ceiling. Well, this one. And do it. Matt. Miss Fudge. The New York Daily News reports today. Varmer's dry stance around another right wing hooked this weekend. Conservative internet gossip Matt Drog, aka Miss Fudge. Posted a story Sunday that the liberal singer may be scriptive or Grammy nomination. Since her album was in stores two weeks after the deadline. Not only do you have it on the website, but like breathlessly with a huge picture and a gigantic headline. The movie album on which the 61 year old performer sang Smile Other Film Songs in front of a 75 piece orchestra was nominated in the best traditional pop vocal category. The CD was released to record stores October 14 after the September 30. What day? Bob Birdman. Cut off set by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences. Ironically, it was available on technology. Nobody knows how to use better than Drog. The movie album was available as a full album commercially via download on www.bottbymusik.com. As of September 30, I'm Columbia Records Postwoman Claire Mercury told us which meets of course the Grammy eligibility. Nearest spokesman Diane Terios said Sony's documentation was fully acceptable. No problem. Miss Fudge once again. Get it wrong. Get it wrong. But not too much hacky panky with Miss Constrethank. Be careful. I'll wait. We got the latest also today's New York Daily News got the latest and Howard Stern and Don. I missed that little concert time since kind of a music we'll get to it. I still don't have that, Matt. I've got the address. Oh, thank God. Well, this is quite a project. ABC News.go.to this section. Go to Hell, stick it in your nose. But it's excellent once you get there. It's very thorough. Well, that's fan hit tomorrow is with the Scott Junior at a place to be determined. Got a 45,000 45 bus rover 45 grand anyway. Will my car 50 I hope today's December one night. Right. I've got a shot man. Because like Jimmy Johnson says, we've got a shot. We'll have the best New York merchandise and they join Mark Toy Drive 11 and two tomorrow will let you know where it's going to be because it doesn't stand this thing. Do we know? We don't know. Let me tell you right now. If you want to lose some weight, how's Katrina doing? She lost 10 and a half pounds is the last time we checked for the last week on balance for life. That's right. See, everybody that doesn't instinctively that they lose weight. That's the key. And of course, the reason it's so easy to stick with balance for life unless you're real disgusting, pig like the beast is the fact is that they, you don't have to worry about what to eat because they do it all for you. Except filling out the menu. You do that once a week. You've faxed back to them. And then they send you right to your door exactly what you want. And there's plenty of food in there. You don't have to go off the wagon because balance for life delivers in at black sack every morning, three gourmes meals. Two delicious, nice right to your doorstep at work at home wherever you like. And you'll be full and happy and satisfied all day long. We're not talking about prefabricated crap like some of those others. I don't want to say Jenny Craig, what watchers things like that. We're talking about fresh delicious goodies. Stuff that you'll love. So let balance for life finally. Once and for all, help you lose the weight. There's no calorie counting, no carb counting, nothing except eating fresh delicious food and washing away poor off on at scale every single day. Call them today, 954, 56683229. If you're sick and tired of being fat and gigantic out of shape on healthy lethargic, maybe diabetic run of her, Jebid. Here could be the answer you've been praying for. Balance for life. 954, 56683229 or check them on a worldwide web at balance for life.com. My life and love. This is 4256. 2256. I stayed Goldstein, but you can call me Galdi. Whenever I'm in town, I listen to, wait a minute, I am in town. It's the 12th of hour. That. Rupert gets the big boob from Sarah Pover. Talking like a pirate with an evil stare. Is nobody covered up with dark black hair? People body when they consider innocent. He took the other types of shoes and soldered underwear. Rupert gets the big boob. Gone from survivor. All right. One damn their every challenge but I guess it hurt. Everyone gets iron of his soup, they skirt. They put out his torch, sanded back in his front porch. Now the only thing he wins is his filthy tight-eye shirt. Rupert gets the big boob. Gone from survivor. Rupert gets the big boob. Rupert gets the big boob. He can't go back. He and Velocos will, where back contract. They're calling the shot second like the cocky-stock. Sanded the ladies, one of the fall was the big one. Rupert gets the big boob. Gone from survivor. Now I am knowing, Tristan, the way it ends. He's so just go back to NBC and friends. He's a run-shanker. I just can't stand this game. I like to go there myself and Rick and Rick and Rollins. Because Rupert got the big boob. Gone from survivor. He is gone from survivor. Oh, come on. Three. Long, you are. You sent me. I typed it all in. Sorry. I went to I typed in. 2000 bush-goer. Electrol state-by-state-electrol result. Here's the scene and the thing. Don't have no pre-man. I got the numbers I wanted. I was right. Tennessee with its 11-electrol vote. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. I'm going to get the numbers. So many papers. I didn't get the numbers. Those were wrong. The formula Was written to the falsetto. Torrently equations were said there was a way to doWhich you would that can tucky red necks lose the Anna more red necks misery well that's a john ask probably put the fix in there miss a sippy Montana North Carolina North Dakota uh... uh... what's any the and you know any is in a brassica red and v is Nevada new hamster kind of surprised about a van that was only for though although you know something if it grew up on the van he'd a one four electoral votes don't bet on it out four that would give it him to seventy and bush to sixty seven four little teeny tiny votes in the uh... dice roll instead of a Ohio Oklahoma South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Virginia West Virginia why are y-o-ming how could they both one of us for the oh they didn't washing was the one i said before my mistake my bad washing in a girl one west Virginia Wyoming of course bush west Virginia law and i would have done they usually goes democratic in presidential elections west Virginia's got five without a done the job even at one so in out any of those states any of these things he wouldn't have had a half of the whole business with florida and the uh... chants and all the in-person humiliation and the war in a rack and all these dead people how do you like that i just i just mentioned this in passing because again this is the only show you'll hear it on it's the truth i don't care what anybody says there is no way to the bunch of red necks in mudwam states there's no chance even a southern guy like al-gore from tettasy is going to be in dur after eight years of unprecedented prosperity all the big budget surplus that's all vanished there's no way to them or go i'm going to vote for a due on a ticket see what i'm saying yeah i don't tell anybody about how it means why anyway okay move on fast new york uh... daily news today says way more than twenty four hours of pass since how it's during threatened to reveal information about what it done i miss his daughters if i'm as didn't apologize to students gal pal i bought a guy which inspires me to play something i haven't played yet today so boring let's better than a live radio show every morning on tv just about anything but that hasn't stopped him as in bc from tending up with radios original bad boy who now looks like a nasty old rain let's have a very i must sell and it turned us coffee so i guess every morning see i miss was new a tape of other people's carity bits why about the air i did i haven't a bite into this month and you know somebody about question one play it's his wild behind the scenes and it's and i'm a new all-allers cook hook and tune i get me some fresh coffee or your fire i miss he's irreverent so i wasn't able to call on the top of the door what's the deal with his water get he's in coherent i'll tell you what that uh... it's a double and what that's not all he's i miss and he's all right and he's only on ms and bc a cable channel nobody watches and a bunch of m radio stations nobody listens to some fresh jingles it's iris and we're at marit mary mary raris see i'm thinking that'd be good polson day who's the most in coherent and we already done that in coherent i don't think we have no we never done no who's the most in coherent of them all unintelligible tom bro kahn right on i miss the crow by way bobdo in back to how it's broma dot i miss on Thursday i miss producer Bernard McCork in character as Jason Williams made coup comments about relations he's supposedly hand with syron's love beth austrosky a furious during called i miss wf a and who's some early hung up on him he still has an apologize yesterday the k rock star how it holds down on magazine editor chansey hidden that uh... it's too late for apologies now because during claim austrosky plans on suing i miss that maybe difficult as the marks are made during a satirical skit plus what's more the two chanx works for the same parent company infinity broadcasting so there you go but the cartoon i'm so sound between i miss and how were to hate each other for years and years and years ever since uh... howard broth had bottled a booze in that one day he's disembouzed on when i miss was in rehead he used to have to look courier send booze was house good play and i score and i score how he and anyway five six seven oh five six he lets hear about uh... algoor is the audience whipped up or what uh... you whipped up into a frenzy after this morning there's called the public gala they'd be able to be bush that's the real concern that democrats have and and and and court took that on head on in harlem this morning uh... he could not have helped in anymore there you go out go or got hidden harlam this morning or dean uh... yes because he was right about the work he figured it would work for bobba my work for him you know something if he would have got a bj before the election to one the hundred and forty two votes what's your take uh... can you even imagine at all i can't even i'm sorry would put some curve in his spine that's for sure oh god what's your take on out was in doors for howardine a hundred and forty six votes of a vote of help dean a lot sixty three it will make no difference thirty six if guarantees the nomination for d nineteen he's got it sewn up now they say i don't care on for bush nineteen which is thirteen percent unlucky number and it like uh... it actually hurt d nine nine said that just yeah just to be contrary just as the chinese say a zayah or line six we haven't had all day did it have a w q a m q a m going once howardine for president line o s the muncher he's munching on it yeah w q a m wh hi a pho he i think we have a uh... a legendary character forming a q a m hi a pho he's the fek boy well i have some of the mime in front after the various status out of what pudge w q a m me talk all p p one me a good for you speak w q a m hello me on yes sir when is to you no not me judge good afternoon yeah good afternoon thank you my wife is the one that called you a few weeks ago and gave you touch packing and i enjoy hearing and i laugh every time excellent what was that post packing yeah we did and we love it we we met that out but anyway one of you a couple of questions who does your voices for your little two three minutes gifts you know your songs and everything a river and jones proven it's past noon at five sixty w q a m you don't think that was a river and jones that was him anyway imagine this on your next mortgage imagine before you sign the deal you got tied wreck lying on your dining room table right next to where the contract is but all the blood luckily is pouring off the left side of the table and you're and imagine this when you do make the deal zero closing calls zero application feed zero quedit zero feed zero discounted point it's the last mortgage you'll ever need and of course we're talking now about the revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group now with an interest rate in just one point ninety five percent that means if you have a two hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are a mirror seven hundred thirty eight bucks a month once you be financed a good new home mortgage from financial group you'll never ever pay closing costs again so call them today and when in doubt check this out one eight hundred nine four old name is the number call that's a bonus when i just do it in there grab real financing par with low rate mortgage you can move to an extra pretty without further cost of expense and it's called the only one mortgage from financial group for the tales it's one eight hundred nine four old and it's a whole new way to buy you pay zero underwriting feed zero dot fees zero prepamant penalty yeah zero closing costs even when you moved to another property so get yourself financing it just one point ninety five percent call one eight hundred nine four old L.E. and the in-ever pay closing costs again the financial group there an equal housing lender restrictions apply rates up to change monthly five point one nine APR oh oh yeah Oh What's going on? Some poverty's people went to do their voting job. So count up all the ballots and find out who's got more. Those old folks seem to have one thing in common. Looks like lots of them just keep their votes to Patrick, you can. All right. So we're gonna have to know who won the election. Oh my god! Yes I'd like to know who won the election. Countable four. Countable baby, countable, countable four. Countable four. Countable four. Countable baby, countable. Countable, oh, countable. No. The final tabulation started coming to him. Then I saw a new splash on Channel 10. Some angry people all together in a bunch. They said they were confused and didn't know which hole to punch. Those old folks in the have one thing in common. Looks like lots of them just keep their votes to Patrick Buchanan. So I'd like to know who won the election. Said I'd like to know who won the election. Or I'd like to know who won the election. Yes, I'd like to know who won the election. Count the vote, count the vote baby, count the vote. Count the vote, count the vote, count the vote. Count the vote, count the vote baby, count the vote. Count the vote, count the vote. Count the vote, count the vote. I'm not good man. I'm not good man. Count the vote, count the vote. Count the vote, count the vote. That means $0.5.60. WQM, I finally took me three years to figure it out. Judges, I was talking about in Palm Beach. So keep looking up. We saw him all over the world on TV. Big eyeball, look like it was in our pop. Right out of the socket. Hmm. Finally figured it out. That's why I played that before. You're looking for glory hole. Yeah. That's what he was looking for. Anyway, 171 votes. What's your take in Al Gore's endorsement of Howard Dean? You can tell us audiences on fire. Oh, about it. It'll help Dean a lot. 73. It'll make no difference. 41. I don't care. I'm for Bush 26. 15.2%. Which makes me want to buff. He's going to want to squat on a floor and drop a big number. It guarantees the nomination for Dean 21. And he'll actually hurt Dean 10. 5.8% of this is student audience. Says it'll actually hurt Dean. Oh, right. Just like those union endorsements, probably heard him too, which is why he jumped from 17% in the November pool. Or October to a 25% of the current one. Ladies one. We're just flashing on the screen again on CNN. 25% Clark Scott 17. Leigh Rimmins got 10. Oh, hey. And the latest presidential pool. Dean the bandwagon is Roland Baby. And he ain't no Michael Ducaca. No. He in the water mind. He ain't no band leader. Right. Michael Jackson by the way, who ain't no singer. New document made back Jackson's defense. You know, this is ABC news. The boy legend Michael Jackson molested him. Told child welfare welfare officials in February. The entertainer never abused him. According to a documented obtained by the smoking gun. The confidential memo on a police and child welfare investigation conducted in LA. They proved damaging the case against Jackson in Santa Barbara County. Wow, this goes. I don't even want to read this. Where were you? This was about to tape and all this other stuff. He was covering his ass back in February when he started making rumblings. He was a man that the shipment was going to hit the fan. Cash my drift. I caught it. In fact, Howard Stern said the shipment already hit the fan. It's on an morning between six and nine or ten. Myderly goes off. Anyway, more on this social workers want to interview Michael Jackson's children. But it's been stymied each time they visited Neverland Ranch. Sources told New York Post yesterday. The child welfare investigators have been seeking a sit down with a kid's ever since the self-style king of plop was busted November 18 for allegedly molesting a 12 year old cancer survivor at the range. Social workers have paid about a half dozen visits to Neverland. But he timed nobody's been in home except Theresa. And they said, OK, we'll take your kid because Rebecca and this really pissed off. And when? Or you don't watch your passions, you know what's going on? They're taking away Theresa's baby. Oh, baby. Everybody at shows got a baby. Even I think Julian's got a baby. Jackson has not been seen in public since the February 18. It's said it was so on. Lately, defense lawyer Steve Kronsett, he's not surprised the 30's want to check up on the kids. You don't need to be convicted of anything to be investigated. So Kronsett lawyer for comic Paul a pound stone who lost their kids for a year to do the child endangerment charges. And it goes on about the fact he's got two sons, Prince Michael one and two and a daughter perous and everybody wanted to see the real father was. And is he going to hang over to balcony again or what? Are they hung? Oh, God. 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I want to see some enthusiasm. I'll put that all the way through again. I'll tell you right now. Yeah, that's not was good. If we know there's not one line flash, we're doing screenless this month out of the holidays. How old is that? Are we expecting for the fact it's the holidays? A big screenless month. 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Not that I don't have a real pile here, man. I got wild piles like you wouldn't believe. Which is what led me to my little incident I had on the during the show yesterday. Yeah, we forgot to talk about it. About don't. Okay. To embarrass him. You could play third talk. I was doing that right in the show yesterday with myself. WQAM. Hey, Neil. How are you? Pretty good. Great. You're the best. Listen, I think that the mothers of all of Michael Jackson's supposed to children should be arrested for child and management. Yeah, that's right. You know, they don't even know when one of them came from two of them or that nurse. They're the other one. They just appeared somewhere like you just got it somewhere. Yeah, just popped up. Oh, I got another kid. He's always having something pop up in his bed. Yeah. Yeah, it's a no pun intended. Like magic mushrooms. Listen, I got to tell George stuff. Hey, George, how you doing? All right. Okay, listen, line day. Okay, all time low. How do you slice with the blind date? I saw it. Yeah. What is that classic? What do you think? What is that? It was bizarre. She made it clear that she couldn't go from in and had less than 30 million dollars. Yeah, that's not true, man. Okay, I'm out. Okay, you're out. All right. I've seen some pretty hot people on blind date as much as I need. I'm not that I would admit to watching it, but I've seen some pretty hot people on there. No, it's it's hit or missed. Sometimes it's like, if you hit it, that's the way it is now. What do you 60,000 channels on your cable? What everybody in the world in your 45 said, like, this is if you got them. You flip, you keep flipping it and flipping it and flipping it and a channel to. And when you find somebody or something, I look pretty good. Then that's where the it's flipping stops. And you rest. And all know of any of the real flipping starts. You know what I'm saying? She wasn't a girlfriend. I don't call it. Oh, I'm taking my chances there when I play boy TV. Keep your hand on the button. You did it really half-sax. Oh, cable has sex. Oh, this is it. This is really, I'm excited. No, don't be too sure that. We got that. She didn't get it. Yeah, have you lost touch with Ria? Oh, nobody's on hold either. What is it? Nobody's on hold. We have to dump something inside. Just put that's right. Well, then they wouldn't enjoy it though. That's right. 45,000 and 45 bucks for abandoned pair rescue with our best emergency nice. The next van hit will be 11 and two tomorrow. Scott Jr. who's one of the strangest people in history. We'll be there with our best in the emergency nice and also for the Joe Mark toy. I will be expecting expecting and accepting your donations. Some toys. You think they all said if Michael Jackson was involved, they probably accept sex toys, right? Yeah, I would think so. Fisher. But it could do the case you tune in late as Scott for a while. Looks like it's going to land on the street in Chicago on a morning show. Whenever good. Absolutely. And it probably do pretty well. Let's see. Here's the facts from Kathy and Dearfield. I'll have to hand it to whatever it says. Howard Dean is going to be Miami this Saturday. The fundraiser is 50 bucks. You can go to Dean for America slash blues and click on Kathy Linkus, which is her L.I.N.K.O.U.S. To be counted under my invitation. What does that mean? I don't know. Come on. The OCA come with you as only 50 bucks. Well, I don't think I'm going to fly all the way from Toronto to Miami to go see Howard Dean. In fact, I just saw my team here for a few little while ago. But that's okay. Kathy is, and it's not enough, I guess, that I'm like pumping her thing here and pumping her. But she also wants to 50 bucks in the answer is no. Burst for that. George will come through for you. That's what we want. We think I'd do a Joshua. Let's send you to 50. Small change. Wait till you hear this sports fans. City looks to get drugs via Canada. See the American establishment, the fascist establishment, including the D.E.A. and the FDA. Oh, no, no, no, you can't take those drugs because they're going to kill you. All the people I see except the ones that made that one guy that was in the Athuda yesterday, unfortunately, here in Toronto. Everybody else is like walking around, okay? They're taking their pop and stuff. Yeah, that's stuff. Full paradise. They're about to get the next July. Boston, the city of Boston plans to import prescription drugs from Canada, Soc. The Boston Globe this morning for thousands of city workers and retirees under Recoss saving proposal mayor Thomas Minio is announcing today. The pilot program outlined in remarks scheduled to be delivered to the city council hearing were probably saved a shave about a million dollars a year off the city 61 million dollar prescription drug bill according to city estimates. The savings are expected to be relatively small at first because the program would be voluntary and cover a limited selection of medicines like oxycontin maybe. Minino asserts in his comments, which were obtained by the globe that importing medications is safe. Although the federal food and drug administration is repeatedly cautioned, it can ensure the safety of drugs brought in from Canada and importation remains illegal. It can ensure the safety of drugs brought in from Canada because this is a tenth world country because the American air is dangerous and my kid, if he had a McDonald's here, got to know his what kind of meat they're using. God, what? So sad. It's so sad. They want everybody in America to continue to be like a five year old kid in the sandbox with his little pale and shovel and believe me, they keep giving you a play the shovel in there. And smell it. So that's good Boston is like standing up to him. Excellent. Prop 27 at 5.50 WQM. Happy birthday. I guess I'll play it again to my good buddy Shelley Bloom tonight. Yes, right. Shallies and I'm not seeing how old he is, but I can tell you how old is the establishment is 40 years old. That's right for 40 years. Shelley Bloom's been doing you guys right in the same great location 2650. Northwest Fifth Avenue, Miami Fashion District. At Shelley Bloom's, you'll find fine men's coding from suits and sport code slacks to dress and sports shirts. Ties are one of the largest slush to designer shoes anywhere in town. Shelley Bloom's got a tag in slacks. I mean beautiful slacks. Super 120s and 15 colors. For only 60 bucks. George, you are money suits itself from 1395 to 1595 bucks. You pay only 795 bucks. Shelley Bloom's fashion code. So why get ripped off someplace else. Shelley even offers a great selection of Italian suits starting just 225 bucks each. Service selection price. Those are the three ingredients that are kept Shelley Bloom in business in the same great location for over 40 years now. The selection is fantastic. Automation is always free. And with thousands and Ziggins of suits in stock up to size 70, you can be sure and bet the Josh's life on it. You're sure to find what you need in stock. So stop over spending at the malls and make the trip to Shelley Bloom's. In the heart of the fashion district in my meal. Monday through Saturday 9 30 and 1 until 6 p.m. If you want to compare price just talk turkey. Give Shelley a call at 305. 575890. 305. 575890. Shelley Bloom's fashion code. There's no matter where you be. It's worth the trip. Happy birthday Shelley. The 5th local. This is 560. 3 years old. You're a cute. I like it a lot. On the steakably. This is television at its back. Yes, over here. Yes. Governor Schwarzenegger. Oh, biggest Martinez. Well, I don't think the deserve of really a governor's issue. Is it smaller or bigger than a bread box? Bigger. Can you show us? I hate to do it. Come on. Okay. And play. You killed the boss. Along. I cannot lift it. But together we can. This has been a presentation of ABC news. It's a 132 or 560. Nobody. I'm going to tell you one of the reasons that newspapers suck. Okay. We do get a lot of very good information about it from newspapers. Like I'm looking at a sunset. Website right now. Breaking news. Dau Raleigh's crosses 10,000 for the first time in 18 months. Oh. The only problem is like falling bang. 90. 967.23. It's up a Paul P. 2.96 points. Not that I'm what you name you. And investors any ill. Just because misery loves company. And it pushes a piece of crap. But anyway, it's like a. Up like two and a half points and slide back. Then as next down 14 and a half. So when he put that headline on their website. Yeah, it did cross like temporarily for like a millisecond. And then all of a sudden. Right back down. They don't want to get a little bit too carried away. Because everybody's working and speaking of that. I got a great story on our website today on your rangers.com. That you all should read. It's too long. We don't need all the George of E.D. Press that I want too long. Oh. Wallmarks big squeeze play by Harley Sourenson. Starts off by saying question when is big too big answer when it's Walmart. Yeah, that. I just read a couple of programs to what you're whistle our ending. We did on the website. What it. She says about 50 years ago when I lived in Seattle and worked at Bowling. I stumbled one day upon a Luther League form. Dating this question is if possible to succeed in business using Christian ethics. We didn't have rabbit liberals and rabbit conservatives in those days of release. Not many of them. So most of the people involved in the form were we now call middle the road. The conclusion they reach at the end of the hour was a willful. No. Nobody wanted to admit that the golden rule was not a good business rule but facts is facts and the form was an honest one which brings us to Walmart. To the best of my knowledge, Sam Walton didn't break any laws built against fantastic Walmart empire and his low price philosophy. Certain helped a lot of people. But Walton's success was ruthlessly created on the backs of fragile human beings. A good many of whom are worse off of the experience. So on balance is Walmart more good than bad or more bad than good. And you can guess for yourself what the conclusion of this article is. And it goes on and on a fairly great life. It's on our website and yourriders.com along with a lot of other good stuff that you should be reading. And not enough people are. See what we we I think what we need to do is like take out a maybe I'll pay for it a full page ad in the US today or something like that. Yeah. And just promote our website. Okay. And then a lot of people could like listen to the show online. Right right. But most importantly they could find one spot. I mean I'm not saying that they can't find all these stories someplace else because Nicholas to say what a fast news resource is a few way in. Wishers are dig at these things up on our own. But it's just to me it's like like a godson you know from the prices right and it saves you a lot of time from reading. Sifting through like hundreds and hundreds of newspapers. And you know why a thousand of websites here a day right right I think we're doing it and you don't get ink on your fingers that's correct. Sometimes you get stink on your finger but that's when you're bad boy or good five six seven oh five 60 well that's what's go and said. How's that book to one one in the pink and one in the stink I'm just thinking about writing it she's getting so much feedback from that. Yes you really yeah almost as good as my best of meals book. How I attacked the buffet. And that's what I'm saying on a day when we started out with at the Gornouncement. Just for the Saudis. You think that the audience to be all pumped up and forming it to my turn out to busy shopping. They can't be bothered with us line one is working again is it ringing? No no or yet is now. WQA I'm line one. Yeah I know you're an asshole. WQA I'm. Yes Neil. Yes sir. Hi I wanted to call about having you play that Miami Dolphin fight song again that's great stuff man. Okay. That's great stuff. You're not even I'm not a dolphin fan I assume. No no no. What do you like? I like the jet. The jet's well. Okay. Nothing's perfect but I will say this because I think we're late. The next best thing that the jet's winning in your case would be the dolphins losing. There you go. Have a great day pal. Thank you. And you got it. Yeah don't let me forget to play that. Don't forget the times you know what else I got to play again. I wish I'd be playing it every hour on the hour. You show you. That the Mickey Mouse thing. And Remus. Remus is my favorite Mickey's okay but Remus is just he's just as some special. He's the bomb digity. He'd be the bomb. He'd a man. Speak on a heat of man. Stunt woman to suit Schwarzenegger. Arnold we just heard about what is the stunt penis. Arnold Schwarzenegger is being sued by a woman who claims he launched a dirty Turks campaign against run the eve of his election as California governor emerged today. Start woman Ron DeMiller was one of a number of women who claimed to have been groped by the actor turned politician. But the day before California went to the polls. Schwarzenegger's office allegedly issued an advisory to the media. Detailing information about a convicted criminal called Ron DeMiller. With an hours Miss Miller was branded a criminal on news programs. Only days after the election with Schwarzenegger very touristed it emerged. That Miss Miller had no criminal record. The information alluded to by the Schwarzenegger campaign team and carried on by law enforcement. I carried on a law enforcement website. Was about a different woman with the same name. How do you like that? Must have been just an accident. Don't you think? I'm sure. Gloria Allrad, the anxious Gloria Allrad, a California attorney who appeared alongside Miss Miller once she made her groping claims. Was holding her press conference today to announce the lawsuit. At the briefing she'll announce a file. I wonder if it's an accident. She'll announce a filing of libel lawsuit against Governor Schwarzenegger and his campaign committee office. It's only 930 out there. She said to stay in on October 6, 2003 Miss Miller held a news conference with Miss Allrad, which Miss Miller was achieved. She had been sexually harassed by Mr. Schwarzenegger. Once he worked as a stunt woman in the movie with him. Shortly after the news conference today, the Schwarzenegger campaign sent email to report as which appeared to suggest that Miss Miller was a convicted felon. Always attacked the bitch. Always attacked the victim. Whether it's Kobe, whether it's anybody. Right? Works like a charm. Always attacked the victim. Just like your Robert Blake, your buddy there. Hmm. She had it coming. Just like O.J. The bitch had it coming. The truth was however that the Ron Demeter who held the news conference with Miss Allrad had never been arrested for anything in her life. The false information about Miss Allrad, who was broadcast on National Television, no comment was immediately available from Schwarzenegger. He's still looking for the, he's looking for the groper. The ifurren growth. They grow in fear. He's still looking for him. I guess he didn't shave today. Just look at the mirror, Arnold. I mean, what kind of crap in the news media they've reported with a straight face after after the election is over and he's going to conduct his own investigation. Right. What does that mean? Is he going to like subject himself to truth serum or something like that? Means shut up. What comes up? The lighting, tector. Did I really grow them or not? I was engaged in some rowdy behavior. I just said to movies. Let me tell you right now boys and girls that was today. If you were any doubts that was the day to final nail went in the American coffin. 48% of California in such a liberal supposed state broad minded progressive thinking and breathing just because they wanted to say goodbye to a great Davis. And so the act of man who is just unbelievably, functionally illiterate. He sounds like he just got off the guy to him banana boat. The brought worst boat. Man, how long has he been here? How many years? I've heard of me. He still can't speak for the crap. 1240, 20 till one. What that makes me want to play? I give up. Why haven't played it a long time? Not playing it now. John, where are the tracks? Carl, see? Makes me want to inspire me. Well, get them all in. It's a good time for the great taste. Speaking of that, how about a segue for balance for life? Katrina's lost about 10 and a half pounds. And probably more than that, if we see her at all this week or not. Well, yesterday. And she said, 10 and a half pounds. Not bad. She's only been on a couple of weeks. I think since the member 17, less than a month. What is that? 24 like two and a half weeks. Balance for life is easy. You've tried the others. And one of the reasons that it's so difficult to stay on them is because number one lot of them are boring. Number two, the food is crappy. And those peep-fab, uh, jobs like Jenny Craig and uh, weight watchers and some of those. And number three, who the hell can count all the calories in the carbs? Who can do that? I'll tell you can do it. The people at balance for life. They do it for you. And that's why they put together fantastic food five feeding today. Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks are in your black sack. I'll do it as reach outside the door. Everyone in my six am. It's there. And then you just monger monger all day long. It's a plenty of food to keep you happy and satisfied throughout the day. So you don't cheat. That's the secret. And nothing is frozen or prefab. Everything is fresh and delicious. And you get to choose between two choices for each meal and stay. If you did a drone program, balance for life had the only folks to let you do that. So if you really finally once and for all, I'm trying something that can work to the delicious way with stuff that is fresh and delicious and taste great. Here's the answer for you. Balance for life. You just might search see a lot of good results on its scale in a matter of days. Especially if you stick with it beast. Let balance for life. Help you lose that disgusting early on healthy weight by calling nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or five more information about their program on their website balance for life.com. We're sports video five six six. You a M. Oh. All right. Miami has the dolphins. They're the worst football team. They club the ball from goal to goal. No one's ever seen. They're on the ground. That's where they'll stay. They're never in control. No. And when you say Miami, you're talking to all the others. They're the Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. No number. I'll be changing the league. I already met. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Don't bet on them. You're always lose. They don't know how to tackle. They don't know how to block their coaches ought to tell them to put the day in their job. Then they would run much faster and even in defeat. When we go to the stadium, we'll see Miami. And they're the Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. How many teams in the league? I'm good, man. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. The team that hasn't got a clue. Miami has the dolphins, but the dolphins have no fence. Just 50,000 assholes. Sitting in the stand. Let them. They watch the game. And all they do is mowing. Right then bitch. I wonder how Joe Robbie got to be. I got them rich and they're the Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many teams in the league? I'm a swim. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. I hear the crowd begin to boo. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. The dolphins have faith-feetwork. That quarter backs at you. Run down the field and he will grow up past. Over you. Oh, I'll never win. A super bowl you shouldn't be surprised. When he gets cut, that doesn't mean that he was circumcised in there. What Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many teams in the league? I hear the crowd. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. J calls his signals in Hebrew. The dolphins have no defense and their offenses at Joe. Like George Bush eating pretzels. You know they're gonna choke. They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race. With fewer points than Park Marks on high singers. Suddenly facing there that Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. Oh, what the hell? 32. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Now they're free. Yeah. I think one thing next one, it could be really you, baby. I think it's that if anybody was really you, really it's me. Assim sabia that I did. I almost thought I would skip. Time minimum 24 o'clock KLF 1984 flip. What the? Am until odd eran in Kansas. is a genius. No, if he knows something all the time. Maybe next week. All of a sudden. btw. So, all of they don't see anything but looks. Nope. Where are the dolphins mugs? Who the hell is it? You don't need our dolphins noers and the making you need a video, but it's empty. More than a dozen allegations of harassment and grouping surfaced against the movie Star-Turne politician in the last days of the recall campaign, prompting Schwarzenegger to announce that he had sometimes behaved badly on Routy movie sets, he apologized to what he might have offended, a mere culpage communications director read away the yesterday. The governor after consulting with legal counsel and advisors has determined that investigation will be rather pointless given the political nature this has taken on said Rob Stuttman, Schwarzenegger's communications director. The early district attorney's office said it has no investigation and no complainer which to act and so the governor's concluded as we believe most Californians have it's simply time to move on so it can focus entirely on the job Californian sent here to do. He remains sincere in his apology to anyone he's offended. Right, that's what Ted Vonie would have said if he had the chance. Right? The whole of the hall of jies. Let's move on to what John Tito. In fact, I think that's what's his latest Rodriguez guy's going to say to a time to move on. I apologize and let's move on and who's got the burritos. Attorney General Bill Lockyer, who's heard Schwarzenegger to hire a firm to investigate the claims had no comment yesterday, his press set his press secretary Halley Jordan, no King Halley Burry. I forgot that Halley Burry had that nasty merits that they've just us. That he ended in a real bitter nasty hostile miserable divorce in her thinking about committing suicide. You know that? Nope. Yeah. Warrior Garg, Gloria Alred, who represents a woman who, and you notice one thing about that, they're both exactly the same complexion because she's got a white mother and a dark complexion father. And he said something about your mama, they've just us. Gloria Alred, who represents well, that's the same story. Urged the woman to sue Schwarzenegger, said the governor's decision would not surprising, but it's insufficient, insufficient. The issue was not going to go away any attempt to cover it up or run from it's going to be seen for exactly what it is. She said he needs to be accountable. All right, a democratic activist who donated the former governor of Grey Davis's campaign suggested that Schwarzenegger should set an example by holding a public forum so women could air their grievances. The governor's about face make me a perception problem for his pledging administration said Joe Surrell, a federal and democratic consultant. A lot of people will just laugh because they didn't think it was going to happen to begin with. This is underscoring what people anticipated, right? I'm so happy. Work right. Say we knew it. I mean, how any honor give you got to be? Well, I'll investigate it after you'd like the whole idea of the allegations where to prove how unfitty was to be the governor or to scumbag he is, but he's going to investigate his own actions after he gets in there. And the public said, yeah, sure. Man, talk about stupid, stupid, idiotic jerks. Foreign to wrong business. Oh, we ought to be selling snake or a lot there in a highway. Make a fortune. I'm telling you, or something. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT and T line 250 votes on a pool on theorardjes.com. I thought that this pole would explode. Didn't you? My God. Major, major development in the presidential. They just don't care. They're going to bring for the ball games like they got to once you're the dolphin. They can you imagine that? I played it. 254 votes. What's your take on Al Gore's endorsement of Howard Dean? It'll help Dean a lot, 109. It'll make no difference, 57. I don't care. I'm for Bush, 43, 16.9%. There's that usual stubborn 17 or 18% that I'm always telling you about constant never changes. Even with Lardass on the right now, pop in those oxies. If guarantees the nomination for Dean, look how many people said that. I've heard of man. It'll actually hurt Dean, 15 silly people, 5.9%. Out of 254 said, actually hurt Dean, that's Gore endorsement. See if Lieberman would have endorsed him then. Oh, I see. Uh-oh, Lieberman's pulling out and his orthodox Jews endorse him. We better watch out. Right? And that way they would have said death wish. Even I would like to say, hey, West Parking, all bad. And his father's Jewish. WDQA. QAM. WN is yeser. WDQA. Hello. Yeser. How are my buddy? Pretty good. Did anybody bring up you about how he's doing his son with a deal of f- Ah. Had it on yesterday's serve when it was like in all the newspapers when it was in news story. Did anybody bring up to me about Hezenghis Khan? No, I can't imagine what you're talking about. Not that DUI. 560705 says, you know, seriously, there are so many of these, and just like they got called toward the end of the show yesterday, oh, you heard about Hezenghis brother? Yeah. What he did? What he did was he got like a little tidbit about Wayne Hezern. He's in good junior is the brother of Robert Hezenghis, who is the one with the DUI is second one by the way. And are both Wayne's son, Wayne's senior. To describe you here about Wayne's brother? Maybe we'll miss something about Wayne's brother. WDQAM. Yeser, both son of a bitch. WDQAM, hello. Yeah, hey, Neil. Moe was hurt from a tear all this morning. Yeah, absolutely. The joke when after they played when you're promos, he goes Neil Rogers, the number one choice for all deaf mutes. Yeah. Can you stop laughing? No. Okay, well that's all I have. Well, don't make them a stick again. I'll try. Okay. There's our first lady in a couple of days as a matter of fact under Shon. She had some pretty lame material there about Moe, a silly spy report. Your desperate moe. Absolutely. Your pathetic. Absolutely. How could he be short of a tear log? I guess he doesn't want to talk about the truth about that embarrassment on Sunday. And about the fact that he and his little partner, there's a little circle partner that once badly often had show, we're opening up a big mouth all last. Well, the Patriots have been so lucky and mama, and it often's going to be 12 and 4 and they're going to like win the division. All this other crap. As usual, full of crap in total denial, sucking up even though your family attends all the home games with jets outfits on who the hell are you kidding man? You bleed green and white and we'd like to see it. Right after we shoved the after we agreed to guide them up up to Todd Dreck blood Pile. Yeah. And we'd like to see seven of green and white blood from Moe. That's what moot. Gallons of it. 5 6 7, 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the leave you and me everybody to building would land up there be a standing over there be cheering. So, we're cheering already. It's just thinking about it. We'll be looking at Tigger tape parade up and down 4 41 right out there by a truck's the sub center. WQAM. Hi. Yes sir. It's so nice to see everybody get crazy and jacked up over a stupid old outboard who no one cares about who is going to win. But do you mean to guide out one of your election three years ago that guy? Nobody cares about right. Another one of those bush-lickers you keep convincing yourself man. By the way, do we get an ever get that picture on our home page yet? Which one? The one about Moe, Bush? I don't mo. Oh, you don't mo? Well, let me take a view can see if it's on your nose. Oh, prison. It's a mo boy. Oh, right. That's the best. This looks like anything else we've ever had. And look at the pictures underneath it. Yeah, that's a lot of it. Oh, oh, precious. Pension is going to be really pissed off. She might sue us for that. We want to thank all our contributors. Thanks very much to all those folks who make that possible. The Commander-in-Chimp. Oh, this is the all-time best. Yeah, all these people getting ripped them about an outboard. Nobody cares about who won the election you mean sir. Who want to have a minute more popular votes? And who got ripped off and Florida just like Howard Dean said this morning. The man who we need won the 2000 election. That guy? Oh, brother. Who the hell are you kidding? 1256 at 560 WCM. We got the mad dog. Oh, right. More like poison by the way. It gets pink in the face when people ask him about it. Mad dog at 2 the homperies at Chulas at 4. You know, he's in the studio. Excuse me. He's in the studio. They're going to come and slap him on the wrist. Just watch yourself. I think he was nickels man. It's not worth it. That was hurt. Who won the warma put 7 the Maryland Baltimore County blind girl school is going to be playing Hurricane Vasquez ball team that I in Miami 730. Any K. Follows that excitement and Joe Mark overnight. Have you ever tasted one of those meal replacements? Fath as they say in China. Fui. Check out how much sugar they got. Now there's a product that tastes great and it's sugar free. And Tourette's diabetic is truly the best tasting meal replacement drink ever formulated for people with diabetes. And those looking for reduced sugar intake. In fact, you still I hope that mine down there. I hope. Yeah, to a. Yeah, but you won't last long put it away in a corner. It's good stuff. I have a little bit when I was down with delicious. It's sweetened with splendid brand sucralos. So there's no nasty after tasting. Get like with those drinks that use saccharine or as per team. And restive at a complete balanced nutritional supplement that provides fiber and antioxidants. It is low and saturated fat and cholesterol. In other words, lots of good stuff. No crap. Also gluten and lactose free and eat out. An ounce can provides 237 calories of deliciously healthy nutrition that's internationally recommended by doctors and dietitians and it tastes great. Don't sacrifice proper nutrition when you're sure it on time. Try antiresdiabetic once you'll never go back to whatever other crappy used before. The makers of antiresdiabetic are so sure you'll love it. They're given away free samples just for the asking. What's not to like go to their website. www.interrexdiabetic.com that's ENT-ER-E-X. Diabetic.com all-1ward Interrex Diabetic.com or call toll-free. One, 866, 366, 3739 and tell that Neil Fridigley called for the delicious one free. One, 866, 368, 3739. I'm not a man. I'm a man. This is for 20-by-60. You way. We can be done. It's got the round. When I'm up in Boca, take a slap in all the women with painted lips around the pole. I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two of us. I mean, I listen to the Neil Rogers parent balance one to two of our. Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh. After years, the failed attempted mergers with cable news. His new own ABC has decided to launch their own 24-hour news channel. Here is what it may sound like. Screaming. This is almost reporting from Orlando. Our top story of a seemingly nine people were injured when they fell off the. Nope. And it could be something else. I'm not sure if you can see it. Nine people were injured when they fell off the. Nope. And it could be something else. In other news, 4,000 people experience explosive diarrhea. I'm vomiting. While disembarking the. Nope. And are going to overdo sports. Here's buffet. Oh, gosh, wait. I've got nothing. Why? You. Okay, then. Could y'all dare, Raymond. What's trick that I should know? Another picture. Standing by, Amy. ABC, whether or not. Here is Uncle Rina. Back together, boss. You. You. Hello, you may case you both. I don't want to do any weather. Don't. Answer. Get right. I. You. Sorry. I'm sorry. We don't have to. We don't have to. We don't have to. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. I think we're having some problems with the satellite. Can you be more clear? I'm not getting the. No. No. No. No. Don't. Don't. I get a. I get a. I. Anyway, you want more weatherballs? Go ahead. Hell. There's a storm coming in Orlando. It looks like the weekend. Get them shut up. Bye. That's itunu. This is the thing that Arthur was probably trying to facts before. He emailed it up because it's hermitary name, Arthur. people events and things in 2003 if the George W. Bush GI joke action figure. It's a beautiful thing. You really have to see it. Maybe we can buy that on our way. Of course I said it to Eric at the same time that it's and of course it'll be on her long with that they Mo. I got it. Mo for money. That alone should be worth taking a peek of what we got on there today. Oh man. There it is in all its glory. The president president Mo Bush. The president the commander in chump. Chimp. It's a beautiful thing. Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WQAM hello. Hi. It's a Tom for Neil. Yes Tom. Yes. This is Neil for Tom. Neil just wanted to talk a little more about Arnold Schwarzenegger. Yes sir. What is what do you think or did they publish what is a parchment that worthless or is. Is that worth. Yes. Millions and maybe I don't know the number of many many millions. All right. Keep in mind that's from a lot of that's from his movies and a lot of that's from the Kennedy clan too. All right. Let me ask you a question. Yes. Has it been your experience that guys with networks like this are pretty smart guys. You mean like sliced along. Well yeah. I mean anybody that basically came from nothing and the creator sixty sixty seventy. We haven't been waiting. How did he get there through a bunch of cheap poor no movies and through all that sleazy went through in the 70s and he's you're making it sound like he built some fantastic business empire like some tremendous ingenuity. He was a muscle bound freak. Well, but he's elevated himself. Yeah. What do you try to tell me so that he's genius. No, what I'm trying to tell you is that he is also surrounded himself with some very smart business people. A bunch of really dangerous people like George Schultz that's correct. Good points. Your dangerous five six seven five sixty pound five. I mean as soon as anybody starts your church. Schultz run it up to the podium with an issue. Oh, that's all run. Something really stinks here. It's bush one all over again. Isn't that amazing. All these Reagan and Bush are people. The characters cast the characters. Welcome back again. Like hair mongering and Heinrich Himmler and Joseph Gervels and the Rudolph Husk. They all came back for a little and maybe even Dr. Mangalot too. A. K. A. Tommy Thompson. He drank water out of the creek. So we have a problem with the cricket unit. Just called cheese had Tommy Thompson. He'll straighten you out five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on a T and T and Verizon. Right. Let's get in some great calls today. Just the kind we like. WQA M. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yes. I don't want to get it. I don't like them. I think is an awful man. Yeah. Yeah. Is it not the bastard? He's the best. Yeah. He's not Jewish. I'm Jewish. Yeah. WQA M. Hello. Yeah. Hi. I want to speak the meal. Speaking. I just want to speak the meal. Hey. My name is Rich. I just was seeing for the guy that all swore to make her night. Well, maybe you should mention Anne Nicole Smith. For anybody who's a mountain such a sport like that. I started with helping. Right. That's right. She's there. What else? Of course. He took somebody else's money and she made a fortune with it. But what kind of opinion? Absolutely. Well, I just started bringing that up here. Well, I think about her. There's one thought that comes to mind. That's it. Have a great day, Pelle. It's too funny. See you in California. See in Sacramento. Actually, I like Sacramento. It's a beautiful city. Very hot. And it's dry heap. And not as dry as like in Vegas. Oh, God. Oh, man. Vegas. It's so dry. And you touch like you go down the banister and the hotel. Like everything. Metal you tend to it's like all that static electricity. Like, hopping and puke in and then. Like that. That's okay. Vegas is fine. I'm done with it though. I'm done. I'm done. I don't think I'll ever go back. Just one of them things. I just made enough of a contribution. In fact, I think they built two of the new casinos with my contribution. And I hope they have a good time. It's fine. In fact, it's so much fun that even the suicide hijackers went there. They were having like meetings in Vegas. What about your hypocrites, huh? They were going to like titty bars in Vegas. And I don't know if they were gambling out there with what they were doing. But I'm sure they were. I just don't get it. Of course, the fact is, when you're dealing with crazy people, they're trying to rationalize. Oh, let's see what they were about to do. Would make up for all that. You know what I'm saying? When you deal with crazy people, no rationalize. Absolutely. Right. He knows. WDQAM. That's an appointment. Bye. Back. Is he talking about Mulligan? Absolutely. Damn it. That must have been Mr. Ego doing a voice. WDQAM. Hello. WDQAM. Neil. Line Uno. Yes, sir. There's only two truths in the world. Yes. You can't win with a black quarterback. And the Holocaust never happened. There you go. WDQAM. Hello. And Russia is on right now, too. I must be Russia Junior. QAM. What is it? What is it? It's a thing. It's a thing to do for an item. You're stationed today. Yes. Trevor Jones. Trevor Jones. Trevor Jones. Trevor Jones. Trevor Jones. Trevor and Freakin Jones. We're the really bad to make an accident, mind. Go eat some of that spotted mold. Right. Let's hope tomorrow's<|cy|>. Thank you. Sure. More than two days from now. First of all, sir. Hey CHAN. Let me start with another report. Well we are the ones on the bases. The White House was begin. We're known when we're at the U.S. Second, two weeks. Maybe. ridicule. That's so good. gonna hold on for half an hour anyway with this way it's like a quick yeah maybe you'll get it maybe you want like Russian red little bit some of the colors like Reverend Jones and the other guy out of play but nevertheless Reverend Jones is okay you just have a bug up your ass about him yeah that's it wqa m qa m when the fourth right take over yeah I think you ought to go have a fair wqa m hello hi you yes sir hey I just wanted to ask you that you don't that's how you're holding for two weeks man did you get right but did you get the see the special on Johnny that one e tv no I did not even always on yeah I'll try to hold you out it was on a week ago Sunday and then they repeated on Saturday or Sunday after no that would be popping on again sorry that was what was the upshot what was the uh... no that's the end from when he started to to the point where he is now just uh... you know if you are the Johnny that you like looking at the on the level of heavy duty or calkey by appeal for a thanks palay see a palay to your twenty two votes what's your take on the algoors endorsement of how our dean this morning was breathtaking you're welcome uh... it'll help dean a lot of hundred thirty nine forty three point one percent it'll make no difference seventy two twenty point three percent say no difference twenty two point three uh... i don't care for bush fifty one fifteen point eight percent for bush and guarantees that on a nation for dean forty two it wraps it up like put a big boh on like a honic or christmas president one a holiday present forty two it'll actually hurt dean sixteen silly people five and a percent voted that out three uh... twenty two it'll hurt him when you think no there's a lot of people don't like you all go or like that guy said before it will hurt him thank you very much come back after one at five sixty w qm it's that time of the year again you got guess tracing all over your carpeting if uh... maybe you didn't call dry concepts before the holiday certainly uh... once the new year comes and goes at that point pick up that phone to give them a call when you do call be sure and ask them about how you can get on their stand by list which saves you fifteen percent off the regular price of the job which is already so reasonable you'll be amazed and don't forget dry concepts do that amazing job on your floor dry clean your carpets makes them look just like brand new and they give you a written guaranteed price up front before they even start the job i've been using them in my house for twenty years and even when i had my two dogs every time they show up or look like i had brand new carpeting laid right on the floor there was actually the same for you you're carpeting your off furniture all your good stuff your area runs nobody doesn't like dry concepts column today tool free and you'll just be amazed at how they can make even the schutzies looking carpets look like it's just brand new call one eight hundred two four eight five seven one one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one or look them up on their web at drugconcept.com get everything looking spiffy after the holidays for their friends at dry concept my look all your sports radio five sixty two a you a m job care of a taxi car about that driver double park you look at me so quishy green i could tell he was in the dock so i acted out my puncture rate and with my arms the trees i made no bug speaks English and m on i went down to my yeah i met beach where the weather is nice and sunny i walked into a little storm but the guy there talks real fun fast and quiet pint of fortune beaming says no entiendo what does that mean the better scoosing wish i got him more that corner delie hell i think i'm in Pakistan speaking with smelly are you gonna go back to the right i'm gonna go back to the right i came here many years ago learn my ABC i don't say much as gross here i say pretty so get yourself to a classroom quick you're in America now stop making me think no matter speaking English for my more one eighteen and five sixty double to come two liberators a little pioid already for that all i did this is so she had a press center due liberators said that he was caught completely off guard by the revelation informer of our press and an al-gore was endorsing liberators in rival howardine for the democratic press and actual nomination how do you like that i'm really proud and happy to be here i was surprised the liberators had an actually broadcast interview but he said i'm more determined than ever to fight for what i believe is right for my party in my country in other words far right ask that NBC's today program about whether he felt betrayed by goro chosen as his two thousand campaign running made liberators said i'm not gonna talk about al-gore sense of loyalty this morning i'll tell you i'll always remain grateful to goro for choosing me for the vice president shall not liberators be saying he said cucks a hoist reminded that he is applied to announce his campaign to the two thousand foreign nomination for goro made his own decision about running liberators said i did what i thought was right i couldn't run against the guy who gave me a chance to run for vice president liberators spoke a little uh over an hour before goro pairing with dean in harlam probably announced he was supporting the vermont governor yani a here you go he's little peo he's uh little benautous shaped too bad we can't stand you juley women you make a secure stomachs up your nose with the rubber hose okay maybe can borrow mose absolutely those hose mose hose nose and blows five six seven oh speak of that godfather of funk George Clinton arrested charge of cocaine possession you know George Clinton sure a good friend no kin de baba tala has he funk music pioneer George Clinton was arrested in charge with drug possession after allegedly telling an officer he had cocaine in his pocket uh which is always a good idea shall have to have a has he was arrested Saturday and bonded out of jail over the week in equine jule officials who would release no further information Clinton 63 away to the funk bands parliament and funk adela can the collaboration later known as peep funk in the 70s and it is is considered a father of the genre in 83 Clinton solar record atomic dogg hit number one on the rmb charts remember the atomic dogg yes i don't how to go whistle a few bars oh i need a base life man tala has he police and officer noticed a man sitting by himself in a past you're seeing a card again station park a lot about two o'clock Saturday morning approached the talk to him when the officer got to the card of man later determined to be Clinton tried to hide the night was holding dropping in between the seats he started to reach it was pocket the officer rest of the nth in this pocket that might be dangerous he said i got a little cocaine blow up my pocket and that was the end of that the hillby are he's the father of funk right out five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line this audience whipped up into a psychotic frenzy about howard deans endorsement from al Gore here's the pool what's your take on al Gore's endorsement of howard deans it'll help deal a lot of 146 forty two point four percent of the three hundred and forty four votes it'll make no difference 76 twenty two percent i don't care on for bush fifty sixteen point two percent clowns it guarantees the nomination for dean it wraps it all up forty six thirteen point three percent it'll actually hurt dean twenty five point eight percent say it'll hurt the dean master ready for that goes to show you wqn line one is working hello yes sir hey good afternoon what's up uh... i was actually up in Orlando at the convention this weekend on suggested for standard and went and uh... show out of all the cano get part sharpening and mostly brought weren't there but out of the rest of them uh... joe had the smallest quietest most insignificant following you've ever wanted to see right even from the blue hair is from palm beach for joe boy whatever might be an article we had on about a month or two ago about the uh... chicago of the joe leaderman uh... fan clever what about the reconnaissance and it was at like a website had like eight members nation one yeah let me tell you i think it's coming down to my amy on saturday i don't know yes i didn't know that can't be uh... she wants my fifty dollars for it uh... right right let me tell you something new uh... you know saturday was a uh... i just went saturday but to be able to present carry following white clock and then dean and just being among some civilized people is uh... the glimmer of hope was glimmering and i think actually there's no way the people who might say that gore with her they weren't going to vote for dean anyway right i think he could only help how could it not exactly he gave them like a uh... fantastic uh... send off man right on i said i'm not the good luck i love you tell i'm tell i'm how it i'm putting a form twenty thirty times show them okay i read it or two not you how it so when we hear his Kathy's facts against his young girl bed out of shape and we have plenty of time all week long to promote it how we're dealing with the enemy this Saturday he will not be a parent of jewish jellies like westerly clerk the white don't think i'm not a parent of the rascal house the daily then any of these things i'm what i still don't care what that's all about i guess he's trying to appeal to the old jews or the first part the fund raiser is fifty bucks and you can go to this website dean for america slash blues okay and click on Kathy linkus linkus for uh... grandfather's name was pinkus cataclycus to be counted under her invitation and then Kathy goes on to say you're interested what what does that mean i'm promoting it for a Kathy back off on a you're interested in what we did again not that i wouldn't donate to fifty bucks for dean for the cause but i'm going to be there okay Kathy you got it no possibly don't get any women call us on a screenless so we don't have to beg for many more right what's the point well one of them would have silly thing that silly spy report see what i when i get out of that kind of stuff it's like overgrown children you know yeah it's like a throwback to that old time that topical talk well you know uh... allen bergs said this about you and the david gold said this about mr ego it you know so it's freaking childish so what does most say i don't know five six seven i don't know because we don't listen to anybody else listen oh no and how could he not have any material my god he just hasn't caught on yet the town loves after a loss that's when they like morning and growing and pitching and carrying on and hoping that the coach gets fired in like uh... burn on a stake w q a m no yes sure shot no well media thousands if you don't you're going to get killed well didn't get my flu shot did you yes i did well congratulations sucker i don't have no flu okay i'm not going to get flu or stars or many of these things i'm it's healthy as a haus how do you like that that's what they said i'm gonna answer that old fart is as healthy as a haus by the way haus is dead yeah yes w q a m hello hey you know how you doing pretty good and can i have to question about your radio if i can change the public first of the radio station about your radio station go ahead um... like with our david um if the radio station uh... does your radio is contract did he get pulled up uh... the dolphin brought cash and did the dolphin first of all he's got two more years on his contract that's number one and there are two his dolphin contracts and completely separate it's a separate deal oh i see i don't know if you need their folks ha ha ha ha ha five six seven five six the pound five six the on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line or j feed or belong on two years you can make he'd go mobile around no more won't see him no more i hate to breathe the news you have to find a new boyfriend a couple years more because they won't be no j feedler no chance long gone i wouldn't even take you to see him no won't see him no more even George knows that w q a m no mo no mo ha ha ha ha ha let's see what he's supposed to sing is no mo home oh that's what he's supposed to be singing he just don't get it don't you love the way to see the guy already called it i always love that you know but evidently he was so impressed by what he heard just be really so much obviously better than his material he just did the old pair of routine which we like what did they do in echo okay yeah 26 past one the mad dog come up with two with more excuses more alibi's more mad you know that's uh which we love mad dog doesn't better than anybody in fact you know i haven't played all day today and i apologize profusely i should be playing this air on every break i said they yesterday and you uh it's your fault i can't put a stench of cow manure puffers over this performance by the golf absolutely you bet i love it hey listen if there's one thing nobody likes it's that ball spot that's what i mean it is pathetic male pattern ball this is one of God's uh little silly games that he plays on men and believe you mean most guys look at port time Brady's got a big hole in it and his head too everybody gets that ball spot sooner later and if you don't want to walk around looking like your here is in the sink or in the turtle there's somewhere on the ground and you'd like to have a full of head of hair so you get like maybe a hidden life or like a little head Charles Offie always the guy you want to talk to everybody and their brother now it seems like especially on his radio station we're about 50 million different spots every day this one's spending a this system and this one wants you to put the holes in the head with a blood drip and on your forehead forget about that the only thing that really works is the natural hairline system because the key is doesn't look like real hair any answer is yes it does like it's going out of your scalp as opposed to that barnyard animal that crawled up on your head and died a wicked death and you have nothing lose but your shiny ball spot because like I always tell you everybody gets Charlie's 30 days by 30 man guaranteed if you don't love the way looks and feels and spells after 30 days if you're not getting more action than you ever dreamed in your life then just to return it for a four week fun to get your money back and speak in a cash mention your rages when you call you next to two and a bus off the already reasonable price of Charlie's natural hairline system so it's up to you guys if you want your hair back and look in great any younger than you ever dreamed you could again this is the smart way to do it call Charles off eerie and for a lot of day all toll free 1-800-321-2413 1-800-321-2413 or look them up on at web at Charlesoffeerie.com my and look this is for radio five six two two that's not good it's great on this this season's newest holiday special boy Bay Charlie Brown it's not pronounced on a cuff what kind of crazy pitchport is that not a pitchport you put Charlie Brown that's a manure oh hey you love all the peanuts characters in this soon to be Jewish holiday classic. find it's my play with your dreadal only if I can have a bite of your kiss for I just don't understand all of this talk about Chanaka. boy Bay Charlie Brown not a hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot. sponsored in part by Gold it's good. boy. 132 not you hang 132 at 560 W to come 45,000 and 45 bucks let's get with it for Chanuka and Christmas will make a great Christmas or holiday gift and quad you give right and for Kwanza and for new years two years uh the best in the LCD 2003-2004 and also of course the world famous everybody's got to have one of these so that when we bury him it might be worth something the more how a little bit of keychain and we got the mugs and all kinds of good crap on our website but anyway we'll have a fan hit with Scott Junior tomorrow and we will be a who just to go out and take a look at him. he'll be all red in the face am I right? yeah I mean I don't matter what the weather is or they can they're inside our outside he'll be all red in the post you'll say hey what are what are you and he'll say I don't know. and you just kind of like look at him and he'll be staring up into space thinking like he's a moon watch or something anyway 11 to two it'll be somewhere we'll tell you where in the morning because we gotta get over the 50 grand market days already number December 9 let's get with it let's get with it for a band in per rescue oh and speaking of that I haven't played a thing about the kanshi-en from the director of cat in the hat it's cat in the microwave. what's the dinner? here it is. oh great. oh hmm. I don't know. here's the key. is that rather? no not rabbit it's a before I'm checking. oh. head in the microwave. what is there a pet collar on the deform chicken? it's spooky. awkward. 133 at 560 WCM now what about that? Cassianan had their banner headline on their website too. Dow hits 10,000. yeah. is the Dow over 10,000 now? let me check. huh? well I'm on 50. we see right on the gambling channel. they're a busy in a spot. no they got all the. huh? no. no 90 9 72 it's only up 7 1 1 1 1 1 1 2 so it's about 20 and the next day's down 15. I mean let's get it right let's not try to whip everybody up because that's what they're doodifully doing because of course C and B C and all the NBC MSNBC which nobody watches all in by general electric. so they're all just sucking heavy duty because all of these people you know bowling and all of the others they all want to be contrast they all want to and I got a great story on there about the FCC rulings too on our website today. I just mentioned it in passing. okay. too long for your time. W to Q a m. hello. yes ma'am. oh I'm sorry I had the wrong number. haha haha haha haha. that was great. love it. she has the wrong number. I'll say. yeah. you got the wrong number all right honey. 5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 60 on the 80 and T. I'm thinking there's our second lady today. maybe here's somebody's got something to say. uh about Al Gore and Howard D. remember all of them and especially the ones from Palm Beach County they were stretching back in 2000. we were on weeks and weeks counting the chads and they were all whipped up into a frenzy. we're the how are they now? how that they're a sons and brothers and cousins everybody's dying over there in Iraq. we're the how are they now? well that's right they're busy shopping. I forgot they're wrapping. they're putting the bows and they're spinning the drails and they're patchking around. I forgot about that. sorry. W to Q a m. line one is working. hello. our dean the sons and kids. hey. W to Q a m. hello. uh. excellent. I looked forward. I can't find my car. you're tired. thanks. I didn't actually know but that's what he said. he's been a little bit. yeah. I told you. well they're the best colors tonight. right. but we only get one over he's six months so he can't have everything. now I remember that. he did it. 5 6 7 0 5 60 by the way. he's still alive. not like he died or nothing. okay. he just uh... uh... loads a little bit. you'll be all in a lot of us can relate to that. uh... 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line we're doing screenless from now for three years. you do realize that after the first of the year. it's the three year three year countdown. wow. and we need to take out like vacations and holidays and weekends and tissue buff. it's more like uh... less than two and a half years. not that I'm counting you on to stand like some of your an alcatraz. it's starting to get really uh... promising. will you cue him? hello. hello. hello. how are you? pretty damn good. I'm coming out of the keys. I enjoy the key chains. I did go up the CD. I cannot take our data anymore. I love to go through these. can we just get inspired? wait. try to get everybody else fired. maybe it's our time to work on him now. come on. he's got to make it pictures of that way. where is he? he's got to go back to a flight later. he needs to get you after something. hey everyone there's a local game if it's a late game like the previous game right now. yeah. I wish I had his schedule. I'd be loving life. I'm a great day. and you too. how'd you like my schedule? 5 6 6. when it comes to this schedule nobody beats you. even a mad dog in the hump are all the way tough and very well. see I'm not going to knock anybody for not showing up. in fact when he doesn't show up the moment. it's probably like a plus for the audience. if we didn't have that squeaky one on our all by himself. you know, Geldie you're not a bad guy. you're okay. I don't understand. you're underlotted to respite. and I know your Joe Rose is a bunk butt buddy. but how he ever got on here. I think I just said it. I mean isn't it amazing to you? you know what I mean? I mean Geldie's you know he's okay. in like a city. got a lot of stress. lot of pressure. 5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. WQAM hello. it's no a special report from South Florida. that was good. that was good as we export it. a little on a week's time but it was good. keep working on it, Pally. as we export bad. gotta be more like that. as we send northward all of a way across Lake Ontario. right in the bottles of tomato baby. you can smell it. I can feel it. I feel your pain. WQAM hello. yes man. yes I'm out of the air. yes you are. do you have the right number? you did not have a wrong number is it? no it's not a wrong number. I love you guys. I don't know. I don't know. I'm with more women. don't call you. not a busy getting laid. I think you guys are so entertaining and I love the thing for you. well thanks we are at have a heavy happy um uh non-denominational holiday. thank you very much. you too happy holidays to everyone. thanks. now it wasn't she nice to see we need a lot more. how many more like that? about 30 minutes every day. see because the women are usually pretty pleasant. right? I'm cleverly over here. not always. we have a couple of real wingnuts out there. you know, I'm not cases but generally speaking for whatever reason. every time I say that then we get some little bitch. but she was nice. that's what you're bringing up our day. everybody's day. okay? right now if I get everybody's going to get laid before three or five. 22 till 2. speaking of that. it is a wonderful time of the year. especially when you are getting laid. but the problem with a traffic and the crowded malls alonglines at the registers of parking hassles and south-loader people like what are your brains out if you take their parking spots so you better watch out you better not proud. make your gift giving you a little easier this year for you and the loved ones to give to a ticket from our friends at dollar mattress. collarbride now the 1800 mattress and give the gift that we're thinking you four year went in year out. dollar mattress has got gift certificates in any denomination. a brand new bed for the master bedroom makes a perfect gift you'll both enjoy for years to come. a dollar mattress no pony promises no bait and swish just great unbeatable discount prices every day in a brand name you don't interest and love now including stirrens and old bananas foster. that's right dollar mattress has got the lowest guaranteed prices on stirrens and foster you it. when you call dollar mattress at 1800 mattress you still have that amazing delivery deal nobody else can even touch it. you pick the time for delivery like any to our window any day the week seven days between eight in the morning and ten night and they show up on time like between three and five and a half know when you're going to be home two and four noon and two 10 30 to 12 30 one forty seven to three forty seven etc and they'll be there. on the sales practice and fantastic service every day low prices same day delivery and free set up on mobile it's easy to see all of these things what dollar mattress is right the best in the universe in customer satisfaction so for amazing service and fantastic goods no ripoffs do the smart thing like more and more folks at QM are doing to two math world in stick amount of release get as mattress called dollar mattress today at 1800 mattress 1 800 mA TTR ES online it's mattress dot com happy holidays from all the good folks at dial on mattress online my and low this is for 235 cities baby comply with these cities this is where I work there is never never a don't want that warm I love looking at Walmart we say at Walmart way after our ships are over partly because we love it but mostly comfy love this in the storage that fun place to pay the best thing about being on the Walmart team is not having all those forms and papers that workers with health benefits have to worry about it never know what to go find it Walmart just come in for the fun of it the immigrants are the best at Walmart they clean our toilets practically for free and Walmart I don't need no stink in green car we don't need no vices I don't have to shut you on a stinging vices it's like my morning registration screen make every home all right one forty four there's a little birthday gift for a George thank you and of course the other one will be an email this afternoon all from here though might take a few months whatever five six seven five sixty pound five sixty well I got some good crap up here I'll fit that good Schmidt and George a brick all right five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Live we have 295 vote on that pool there is what's his name rumskilled gear you know he's looking more and more like hair mongering every day you know sure if he would take them and in fact I think it's a disguise I think if he took the glasses off he would be here mongering make no mistake because he's working up real big time and he looks just like me starting to when he puts on that military outfit he's goose pepper man what's your take on Algor and by the way if you were sleeping in today Algor endorsed Howard Dean for president right here on the air what do you come on we'll jump over this room it's great to be back in Harlem we shot basketball together one of the last times was here a ride Howard Dean and I are traveling from here to Iowa and I'm going to make a more extensive speech at Cedar Rapids a little bit later today I sure hope so that was good I'm not going to play it again anyway 175 say Algor's endorsement of Howard Dean 175 say it'll help him a lot 44 percent a lot it'll make no difference 84 21 poem on percent I don't care you know and those 21 percent aren't for Dean anyway you see right I don't care I'm for Bush who certainly aren't for Dean 66 16 and a half percent just a little tad below what it usually is in his crowd and of course that's because rush is probably on right now you think yeah if guarantees that nomination for Dean it's so is it I've lots of that puts in the old lockbox as I would say 50, and actually hurt Dean 23, 5.7 percent of the very confused public out there in video land it'll hurt him right oh line nine's ringing again don't you love it get it it's the best WQAM I don't know I your obviously is good as mine WQAM yes sir I got a very part of a mold this weekend I'm the broadcast from the top of the look at shot at Joe Rose when Jamie Niels home and fell up he said wow mad dad said oh he's got us you know tell you how many says well maybe he should take one of Joe Rose's old home oh no yeah I was like man I don't know anyway he's got a big heart on yeah that's the problem from Howard from Boko thanks for the great call paly and whatever you do say goodbye to Howard from Boko permanently I want you to have to play that call again not today I'll do it tomorrow you should play it every day that's good Joe Rose hates you mall make no mistake about it she won't think about Joe he doesn't pull any punches nope Joe Rose is not going to be to run a bush he's got you know he's got the job at NBC 60 doesn't need the radio gig all the were static to have him back trust me but the fact that it matters he just doesn't be to run a bush he'll tell it like it is if he hates somebody he'll tell you and he hates you like poison mo he don't want to do with it I want to see you the beast already reported that the it's his icy is the north pole in there and the eight o'clock could turn over in the morning when he's going out and Joe is coming in said it was actually like frost on the windows it might be 85 on the outside but it's like 20 below zero on the inside it's bad there's a chill in the year you know what I mean that's a looted yeah he hates him a mo and mo didn't show mo was an oh show for the christmas party last night and just like the ratings party you know why at least I'll give him credit for that he understands that everybody in the building hates him like poison that's a looted why would you show up for a gathering for a festive event when you know that nobody there's going to be your friend it's always going to be a bunch of people around you who hate you who are saying horrible things about you and your hair piece and your checkered pants and your colostomy bag and all the other good stuff right he showed up last year yeah but but he's a little slow on the uptake you out of here once it by then and at that time he was only blaming you and I that's right it was you and me right it was only us now of course and of course it must be part my must be all of our fault that we talked everybody else into it right oh I don't think so you know last year he showed up with the his fancy piece anyone from table to table greeting hand shaking but avoided our little uh quarter table you know gave it a wide birth was that just because he tried to get your ass fired is that it not coincidence that and because anybody else associated with you must be one of the evil doers that must be yeah no question guess what we hate to like poison mom and your show sucks too might look all this is five 60 you I was a gin-horpey's pants. That hikes moko ran on soak-up-sized cube-woot-bitten. And gage in a paper-let-day. Oh, the home home? I am a crazy home-a-full. Not that I mind it, but I'm way too old. I fantasize about being in bed. It attrists with feet-loom-made man-friend in a day. I'll just make up with generous some days. And then ask them to break my bun. Now there are no ver again. So I would not deal with more spools. No! And I would not be ashamed. About a ginger and more gay union. Just bold and instructing away. Boy, mate, tell me you're not my type. I just sound like a nine-year-old kid. Aaaaah! Only a macho men-ly guy. We don't know. That makes me flip my wig. If ginger was a lover of mine, I'd bury my bull-dispany-no. Inside is simply re-written. That did it it did it. No, I would not be a sport-owned girl. If I was not a closet of faith, That's why a ginger and more gay union would make me feel good today. Everybody follow my thousand-pool. Yeah, ginger and more gay union. Would make my sorrow-boony-ass feel safe. If we had a ginger and more gay union, That would have to cut me raped. Absolutely. 155 at 5.60 WQAM. And a mad dog is sitting by. He'll be along next. Licking his wounds from Sunday. And again, too. A George Wastro, apologize. I apologize. Before correcting me, I make an off-logitment of a state semi-automatic creating one for me. Okay. I make many mistakes. Usually one of them is sitting my ass down here at 7.30 in a morning. But Oregon voted for Gore. Not for Bush. Not for a quarter of the map I had. Well, I don't care what the map says. I'm reading it right here from CNN. And they don't make mistakes, Mr. Democrat wins. And I got the list right here. Okay. Oregon's 7-lectoral votes. Are you looking at the right it is the map? Let me get that guy at it. Oregon is like right south of Washington, Staggy, you are right. Yeah. It's just between California and I beg your pardon. Oh, look at that. Yeah. I got the right. No, no, no. Because when you put the mouse over it, it gives you the breakdown. Yeah. But it's colored and red. And then you go, huh? When you put the mouse over it, this box pops up and it says, Gore is 719-165. And boy, 712-705. Pretty close. 7,000 votes. 47% to 47%. But nevertheless, they've got it colored wrong on this map here. Colour me wrong. How do you do that? Who's website is that? ABC. What an idea. If you only call back on that horrible day on that. We call 2001. If you only call the president. Uh, but sure which we had then. But anyway, if you remember, I'm at the ABC was hyper-vibrating. Peter Jennings was on there who really blows. And we're made a shame that he's Canadian. Mike Myers of Canadian. There you go. But talking about how there was another plane, high-jet and Seattle. Right. Was a rumor. And of course it turned out not to be too thin. Correct. I mean, we had more than enough. But they, they were just all over the place. And so finally, we put on what did I put on the year on MSNBC? I see an, no, I think we put on MSNBC because they wanted us, uh, of course, in the stage to put on channel 10, which is ABC, because we had that working agreement with them. And what does that know about stuff like that? We like that. No, we like Todd's tongue. That's what the right lot of them. He enjoys Todd's tongue, especially on his back. I've never less. So, what am I trying to say? Oh, ABC don't try to pull a crap. No, I do recall. So you look at their map. Now CNN, which I grant you is just horrible as far as on the year. But at least on their website, they have some pretty interesting stuff. Although they didn't have earlier, thou hits 10,000. Or they know they had thou passes 10,000. Is it past 10,000 right now? I mean, does they want to keep changing their recovery couple of minutes, which they don't usually do? The thou is 99.74. What's up? 8.81. NANDEC is down 16, almost 17 points. 1932, which is good year for FDR. But other than that, see what I'm saying? That's my drip. So I have figured out how our dean can win the election. By running? That would help. And by getting chorus in Dorisville, which helped in all the unions. But no, I'm serious and talking about the electoral votes. Why don't we get over this thing with the electoral college man? Never. Jesus. I know right. I know when when it starts benefiting the Democratic party. Oh, then that's what we'll say on the other hand. Our majority is the Democratic party. And I've got to call it a couple of days ago. It's always that same old crap. Oh, yeah, we need a Democratic president and Republican Congress. Right. So that we can have this gigantic unbelievable pork field budget. They passed yesterday. Number one. And number two, so that every right wing piece of legislation can get muscle through there. Okay. And they'll have more than enough people to override a presidential veto by any Democrat. Right. That makes a lot of sense. No. Florida. I mean, we're actually one it. So do you need to do that? I'm not saying needs to have been all of these because he can actually lose like I or maybe Illinois, maybe both New Hampshire. He's going to win. He's going to sweep all in the wing with Cleveland. Yeah. Nevada. Go in Nevada. Tennessee, where Al Gore lost his home state. Tennessee could as a possibility. The only state I see in the South besides Florida. And West Virginia, which frequently does go to Democratic. Okay. If he goes in there and pays off enough people and often I'm cold people, you see what I'm saying? Right. Those cold people in West Virginia. Absolutely. I dog who's pretty cold from his trip to Illinois when on Sunday is going to rehash and there are re-examine and I'll tell you what. The boy to the Patriot sure have been lucky. Bye. Bye. You just pound it silly and then whatever comes out, eat it.