Go, you'll, you'll, let's read, oh, read, oh, big child! That's how we've asked the time all wait in the geo jail of ours. It's time to get it on! Move, how we're the monkey faster! Has a variable this knows! When he gets raped or plastered, the phased on his nose will blow the tumble. Everybody hates him except the handful of homo. Sorrowful, calm, great kids. Grab the morning show that close. One day the well-tressed red breed has called him to read my CTS needs a new headline. You mind if I borrowed your veins tonight. There's another line that goes here. But I'm a love of magic, it was her fluency. I'm listening. I'm listening. 10, I wanted 5, 60, WCM. We must be both psychic because we're just talking moments before it. He concludes in the geo row show this morning. Near moments ago. That it was going to be a financial thing. See they keep making up these stories about well, NBC6 has to decide what a georos can do. Permanent 8 to 10 on QIM. Well, they can decide that it's either... Or it's one of the other can two seconds. And the fact that he's been fillin' now for about 100 weeks indicates the main answer is, yes, pretty simple. So that's just a cover story for the fact that the beastly is too cheap. He's tried to squeeze a lot more money out of Greg because he's got him over a barrel. He's got about a short hairs. We all know that. Gwals is going to stick in there between 8 and 10. And the very jackass three points out accurately, that it's going to be georos with Gildy. Because Gildy don't want to be working with that cranky old man one more day. What? But he told me that that last Friday that I was there. I told he stopped me in a hallway. I went in to take a leak. And I thought I was going to pee my pants. Not because he was so funny, but because I couldn't get inside the tea room. Because he did bap bap bap bap bap bap. He was just squeaking up a storm, man. Well, it's not a secret. Oh, it's not? And of course, in most case, I guess at this point, what difference does it make it? Yeah, one more person that he finds out hates him like poison. What difference is going to possibly make? Because he's batting a thousand. Got to give him that. Drop in the ocean. Everybody in the building hates him like poison. So who's going to work with him? Beast? I think that would be. That was the beast there today. Ah, yeah. He is. He's the one that pointed out the article to me. I'll ride. Let's hear maybe when maybe he was doing that. So we would talk about it. And then maybe he's getting back in the door. Because if John guilty, you're going to be together again. We sure don't need the beast in there. But again, being a third person, third demand in. Right. Right. Right. Maybe we would get the beast to come in and discuss with us for about 10 seconds. Just a joke. Bees get out. How is it fast? What do you mean? You're going to get in. You're going to get in. So what does he got to say? Put him over there by that mic. Okay. He's coming in here, boy. He can't. I'll put a way to support. He's going to be a big indication. I'm hoping his big point. You're the better chance of me being anorexic. Yeah. You working with more again. Well, he sees easy for you to say that. And open up a big story and push. But if a powers that be taken to that sit, you're not going to like walk out. And not going to walk away from a. A plus job. What if they make it off for you? Can't refuse. Right. What if they say, hey, well, double your pay. And we'll let you sit in his lap a couple of days. Like it paid six bucks an hour now. Right. That's right. He has rich parents. He doesn't have this. And you get to split the freebies from how he's with the moment. But Beast has to do all the tipping. Right. What do you say? No. No. He's won't take. What would it take? What would it take? Would Moha have to let you like change his hairpiece every day during the show and rub his ball spot when I do it like a Buddha? Only if the Beast doesn't have to clean out his bag anymore. And listen to this. And Moha might be inspired to leave the piece home because could you see the two shiny ballspots. Hey, my sign. And make a great. Make a great billboard. If you press her heads together would be illegal and braward. Oh yeah. Rub it up. Throw Moha in the tub. Absolutely. I can just see it now. Okay. That's it. Five beast. What is it? Start. Once he's starting with Moha. Or he's already started with Moha. Oh, I'm sure. No. Woman Rams Carr and the gas pump after clerk won't sell her booze. This is a great story. Got a lot of good stuff here. Including Barry Jackass's column. Thank you Beast by the way for pointing that out because you're the only one. That's pretty nothing to building to be very jackass. So he's the only one knew about it. Plus Moha and Joe. I'm thinking that what? Because I'm not really big on the cross over thing. It was fine with Correll. We had a lot of good fun. But you know. But Joe and I, Joe does a sports show and I do my own wacky thing here. But I'm thinking that maybe once in a while Joe and I could have a good time. You can spark his dirty end. I was like just Jones into jump in, you know. More to. Oh man, Joe got like curated way a little bit there. Rip and Moha and ass about Barry Jackass and about Don't Feel Back. Because Grace's program is entertaining and don't have to refer to it every day. And I know you're not listening and all I could stop. Absolutely. But maybe we could do like a low cross over once in a great while. Yeah. Yeah. I was thinking about it. Yeah. I was thinking about it. That was just tiny. Oh, we better be before we do the story about the woman ran the Agass pump. Here's the results from yesterday's marginal second pool. Actually, we had a pretty good response. 958 votes for a, well, I was a good pull question. I just don't think they get it because we got so many perkyl people there who don't go nowhere. In what city in the world you find the highest percentage to the people are very, very, very ugly. Even uglier than me, which is sandalot. High Alia, which was a late edition. Past everybody else like it was standing still, man. High Alia, 237. Is that true? I don't get to High Alia's often as I use. I haven't been to High Alia since the last time I was at the race track there, which is about Oh, years and years and years ago. Yeah. Remember that that I would be when we were trying to save High Alia and I still don't know why because John Brennan he was real asshole. I haven't been to High Alia since I stopped working at these so-ing. Since before he's used was a baby. High Alia, 237. And a Tampa 141 and Hollywood Florida 111. That's the frog factor again. But you noticed the fact that the top three in our poll result happened to be in Flored Dub because most of the people in Flored have an LED on it. Don't get around too much. So they had a fee per all the month. You're all there over 100. I'm proud of that 102. That was the obvious clear choice. Montreal 102. Cleveland of very competitive second 97. G. Perry Paris France was the only non-North American city on air. Paris said 80. O'Calla had 70. Nashville 49. Reading Pennsylvania 36. I don't think there's that many people. Everybody's Pennsylvania. How many people are there? Not 36. The English people in the world are in Reading PA. Ashville, North Carolina 33. And Bartholomew, which I still don't believe had six votes after Pine Ed's bogus. Probably somebody couldn't get laid and Barcelona said that. Sargrapes. Not buying it. So that's yesterday's poll result. We got two great polls for you again today. Should we do the first one? I give the first one. Quickly. Okay. What was your take on G. W. Bush's surprise thing? Give it. Now you didn't do this on Friday. No, I did not. I was amazed that people that's right. I didn't do it because you did that one about what's more important. Living forever or having a horseshoe up your ass. Right. What was your take on George W. Bush's surprise thing? Giving visit to the troops in Iraq. We got five choices for you here. It was strictly politics. It was a brilliant way to upstage Hillary. It was clearly courageous designed to bolster troop morale. Why did these day longer and see what's really happening? Or it was a sorry ass photo op. Nothing more. I think that covers all the bases don't you? What was your take on G. W. Bush's surprise thing? Giving visit to the troops in Iraq on Thanksgiving Day. It was strictly politics. It was a brilliant way to upstage Hillary. It was clearly courageous designed to bolster troop morale. Very courageous by the way. So courageous that he was watching the radar almost every second. He said of the trip and Air Force. What he saw the British airways guy. He almost made them turn around and go back. But it was very courageous. Yeah. From our A-wall president. Why did he stay longer and see what's really happening? Or it was a sorry ass photo op. Nothing more. Which I think is probably the definitive answer. Woman Rams car at a gas pump after Kirk won't sell her alcohol. Dini police are searching for a woman who ran her car to a gas pump early this morning. Cousin the pump to explode. And catch fire after intended to refuse to sell her alcohol. Shortly after five o'clock this morning police say a woman who appeared to be inebriated. Locked under the SIPCO gas station. I wonder how Brian Murray would say that. The SIPCO gas station at 3301 North University drive and try to purchase wine and beer. The clerk refused to sell those to the woman described as a five foot five blind wing about 120 pounds. Siting city and county ordinances that prohibit the sale of beer or why before six an a.m. She became irate and started screaming at the clerk but he held his ground. Maybe police would tend to build banford said. The woman ninja. WQAM. Hello. Yes. Neil. Yes sir. Are you doing all you picking up the cold huh? Well I just saw the line ringing out of the corner my eyes. I thought I'm up pretty important. I just want to see I think you should combine the first one the last one kind of for the same It's across over. You know more to sorry as far as the movie motivated. A little bit slightly different nuance but yeah they're they're close. Yeah that way you might get a true or true gauge on the. Okay. By the way that's my. I'm officially chummy and is the first vote. What's which one? You know politically motivated nothing more than a sorry as photo up as the same thing. It was just embarrassing and I'm just I just I can't. I can't humiliated and we don't. I'm the most embarrassed by the so called the Democrats and liberal punnets were afraid to call it for what it really was. Why why why is everybody so why is everybody afraid. Well what what's going on it. Why. Why. We're in the micomores out there. We're in the micomores out there. I don't get it. They're all like they all have to be very you know on there like walking on egg shells. I mean we're tower veal when you need them you know exactly okay. Have a great day pal. Actually a real call or a right off the bat see I knew it. I saw it on the corner of my eye. We're going to reset delicious computer because he can't answer the phone. Just so you know. Although we don't even answer the phone. Okay. Um anyway this woman became our rate and started screaming at the clerk but he held his ground. The woman then jumped into a dark colored car squeal out of the parking lot before leaving the area. She slammed on her brakes raised backward and her vehicle. Strecking a gas pump which exploded and erupted into flames. She left behind the back bumper of her vehicle in the parking lot. The clerk told police the woman often comes in the store and lives nearby. They have a video with a woman from a camera installed in the gas station. He texted us our searching release. They were probably got her ass already searching nearby apartment complexes. Looking for the vehicle we're expected to make it a rest today. Ponto because as she left first of all the bumper from the car and secondly they got her on tape and thirdly she's there all the time. And she had a little problem. Okay. Now probably was just an accident. Don't you think? Oh yeah. I'm sure. Well happens all the time and Florida. Guys the old forest. They think that they're hitting the break and actually the salarator. Oops. Oops. There we go. Now we have that very jackass story that we all missed yesterday. But it's a good thing because nobody was listening yesterday anyway because it was today after Thanksgiving weekend. And we're just now starting to put the pieces of our lives back together again. So we got a very very important, uh, more Howard David very jackass story from yesterday's money hurled. And then a bunch of other crap as well. And that first pull. Which will be up momentarily by the way. Just took a look over there and I thought for sure it'd be up there already but it was like my bad. Why is that? Because I haven't faced until like two minutes ago. You didn't facet in the air again. I facet in the air like at 738 this morning. Yeah, no. Fuck. 12 minutes after 10 at 560 WQM Imagine Imagine Todd Rek. Bleeding to death in your living room. Imagine zero closing cause. Imagine zero applications fees zero credit bureau fees zero discounted points. Imagine Todd Rek's skewer on the long end of a sharp stick. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need the revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group. Now with an amazingly low unbeatable interest rate of just 1.95% that means if you have a 200,000 dollar loan with this deal you pay only 738 bucks a month. And listen to this once you refinance or get a new home mortgage from financial group. You will never ever pay closing cost again. Call 1-800-940-Lend and find out all about it. Grab real financing power for yourself with the low rate mortgage you can move your next property without any further cost or expense. The only one mortgage from financial groups what we're talking about for details call 1-800-940-Lend and find out about a whole new way to buy. Zero underwriting fees zero dot fees zero prepim and pedally zero closing cost even when you move to another property. Get yourself financing it just 1.95% Call 1-800-940-Lend and never ever pay closing cost again. That's 1-800-940-Lend for the financial group. The Reneckel housing lender restrictions apply rates are subject to change monthly 5.19 APR. The blockbuster hit pirates of the Caribbean followed by hunted mansion and now the Disney studios presents another exciting film based on an old park ride. It's Michael Jackson's. You can't eat all that I think we're under attack. Don't bother me now. I'm trying to find pigs so carries. Oh, they're handling us. Okay, here I come. Oh, and that's what you're gonna do. We have a warrant Mr. Jackson. Can't be yourself off. Oh, get the escape pass ready. I grant I can't keep hope. The escape pass ready. Oh, I'm sorry, all the sisters had tapes are in the now. Oh, oh, I'm not. Oh, my God. Michael Jackson stars in Captain Heal by a ticket at your data suit because he's rich. So he must be better than us. 10.19 at 5.60 we got the a new national enquire where I got some right here a little bit later on. All the latest on a little bit more spicy stuff in there. Jackson victim speaks where claims Jacko took new photos of men showed him x-rated videos. Oh, my God. I'd like that. There's more than meets the eye to this Michael Jackson story, but nevertheless more than. Again, the media just never failed or was taught to me. For example, the fact that they found this tape where the mother and, you know, she says, Oh, he was nothing but a wonderful to them and the family and the kid and there was everything in appropriate. What kind of a person has a parent make a tape like that? Unless unless they have reason to fear that they shoe is about to drop. See what I'm saying? Why would you ever have anybody make a tape like that? Can you look at you make a tape that says he always nice and, you know, God can't walk that out. Anyway, they're just a crawl on CNN. I saw the corner of my other eye moments ago. You and study says the flow of money, arms and support for Al Qaeda is growing rapidly. Now, isn't this exactly what the Osama Yamama said predicted was going to happen? Right. If we invaded Iraq, ever that poster we had a comical line. Right. I want you to invade that. Exactly. And the bus said, okay. Sure. We got that big hose all set the the Chevron people to hook up to the gas to the oil. And here we're supposed to be fighting the evil diversion. Instead, we're wasted a hundred billion dollars in all of these lives against a bunch of people who their biggest crime was living under a brutal dictated that the CIA stuck in in the first place. God, that was the biggest crime all these people that are dying. And then that bank heist that took place over the weekend. Well, all of those people supposedly were were insurgents. Iraqi insurgents come to fight out a bunch of more just sluppers who happened to be in a wrong place at the wrong time as usual, at least the ate them. And maybe a lot more. They had a little bit of mo. Well, let's see how that pull is started. Now we got to smell all spattering of hope. Just went on there. See, that's bad. We got to get those on there right away. My bad. Don't be doing that no more. Alex, who's just obsessed. Well, we got so many people obsessed with this program. I mean, just obsessed. You know what I mean? Uh-huh. In fact, I'm listening. See what I mean? Oh, listen, if I should have come all believe you may talk about the shoe drop and by the way, I wouldn't count on being around till the spirit of 2006. Based on some conversations I had before to show this morning with certain powers that be. They're planning on having a wini roast at PPP Park before the next dolphin home game. And right at the 50-yard line, they're going to put him on like a, like a pig on a spit. And they're going to roast them all right there in the 50-yard line. Wouldn't that be a beautiful thing? I think you might actually show up for that game. Yeah, I would. Ha ha ha ha. I'll bring a cake. Oh. Yeah, they can make most sandwiches of the concession stand. I'm listening. Okay, calm down. You silly old fart. Allure says, hey, Neil, I think the measlies are starting to make their final decision on the morning show till the end of the dolphin season so they can blow mold a hell out of there. And then that way bring back Bill's zipper back to work with the man dog. Everything will be back to the go-rule days. Life without mold will truly be paradise. Gurn in hell, mold and take one from little of Andy with you. And then it says, we hate mold in gigantic letters with eight million exclamation Park. Maybe not eight million, but leave it. Stop, turn man. He prepping mold. It says it's great. And it is great in the sunshine stay. And especially knowing that is listening right now and hanging on every word. I'm listening. I know when a Joe Rose ripped him a major ass. Now maybe Alex is on a something for once, you think? Like, I'm not saying to the go away to the end of football season because they can't wait that long. But maybe the idea is that somewhere along the line here, they'll pay the assario old man off. All the way, don't think the measlies will do that. And then have Joe and the guilty honor, six to ten. Why would they divide it up? Why would they do a silly thing like that? They did to be forced away to get for a while on the air, which they now regret, unfortunately. It just turned out bad all the way around. It was a great concept, but the, the let's you say about that to better. And then this morning, seven, 15, I come in here like I do every morning. Drag my ass out of bed and before I shave, shower, smitten to all the other things. I open up the pot. Smoke a little. Now I open up the pot. Listen to whatever's going on. Just to make sure that we are in contact. And there's a mole. And he's going on the first thing I hear right out of the box. Well, I plucked through old fur else fans out there. I plucked a scott yesterday. And he's doing just fine. Forrelants doing fine. And these are okay. And I thought to myself, you know, for where you are, you're on worst enemy. Because you don't know who your friends are. I'm sure he's listening right now too. Scott, you just don't get it, do you? Here's a guy that like danced on your grave. The minute after you got canned, went on the year and encouraged his audience for three solid hours to call him. He begged them and pleaded and controlled them to call him and rip you an ass. And danced on your grave and effected you got your ass fired. And at the meantime, you're talking to this son of a bitch. This miserable bastard. That's a looting. Wow, man. Aren't you shocked at that? Well, what's his intent? First we already know that some people never know that. Listen, that's unfortunate for all of us. Because it was like somebody putting a pin prick in the good, your blimp, the whole of a forrel thing, you know? We have remember kept talking about that mole. Mentor that we had. Not following mole, no mole. We had a big mole. Menton, go when I could feel it. You could smell it. And then all of a sudden it was like, like that. Like somebody stuck it with a pin. And just feel like a prick. And speaking of prick's very jackass writes in yesterday's Miami-Herald column in his rambling column. In response to a recent column about WQA and struggle. And by the way, Joe Rose is in with Gregory right now they're hammering out the deal. Okay, so have no fear. Because he wouldn't be in there talking about money if NBC-680 Pro. Why would they have any problem with them doing it? Just a higher visibility for their sports guy. Right. Right. Of course. They're not going to have any problem with that. So don't you have folks worry about that. And I've really got all whipped up when Joe started ripping both the end of the show. I think that I really believe that can be a regular feature. Right. Can we be a regular? We don't have to cross over. He's good at himself. Because he hates mole with a passion. It's just, see, it's one thing when people dislike somebody who works in a workplace. Everybody dislikes that person. This is way beyond dislike. This is a hatred. So deep. It's like a purple rage. You know what I mean? Hmm. You can see the veins in their neck. The veins in their forehead start like trying to pop out. You know? Just at the mention of the other person's name. So it probably will please you know and mode and know that Joe hates you even more than I do if that's possible. And guilty echoes that emotion. He's going to have to be in there for another few days. Whatever it's going to be. He can't wait till the last day when he, uh, Well, you don't darken his life. No, no, no. Can't stand it. Can't take it. Told me that right to my push right outside the T room there. That Friday. I could get five of the date. That Friday in November. 2003. Could get to hell away from me. He just went on and on whining like a child. Don't let me forget to get to the very jackass column. By the way, oh, I will. Well, we got great time again, man. We got to get these spots in here. We got a lot of caller to come in there. Screamless because Josh can answer the phone. That's okay. Don't worry about those things. Don't worry about anything at all because life is sweet. You know, the checks are clear in a bank places going to hell on a hand basket. Greg is doing his best to try to put the pieces back together. He keeps smashing him and crashing him. You heard what the clearance said this morning about mode engine. I better not repeat it. No better not. 61 votes on a poll so far. What was your take on George W. Bush's surprise Thanksgiving visit to the troops in Iraq? It was a sorry ass photo up nothing more 28. It was clearly a courageous act designed to bolster troop morale 12. Why didn't these stay longer and see what's really going on? 9. It was strictly politics 7 and it was a brilliant way to upstage Hillary 5. Dropsdade's sworey. Hey, Shelley Bloom's fashion quote. There's been around a long time longer than some of you have been alive in South Florida. 40 years from the same great location at 26.15 North West Fifth Avenue in Miami-Fashion District. At Shelley Bloom's you'll find fine men's clothing. We're talking about beautiful goods from suits, sport code, slacks, dress and sports shirts, ties and one of the largest lesson of designer shoes anywhere in town. Shelley's got the Tatian slacks super 120s and 15 colors for just 60 bucks. George you are money suits that sell from 1395 to 1595 are only 795 bucks that's about half price at Shelley Bloom's fashion clothing. So why get ripped off of the other joints? Shelley even offers a fantastic selection of Tatian suits suits and suits starting at just 225 bucks a piece. Service selection and price those are the three ingredients that Shelley's made sure he's kept to go and strong for over 40 years. That's why he's still going a bit of an ever. So selection is fantastic alterations are always free with thousands and thousands literally of suits and stock up to size 70. You're sure you're going to find what you're looking for. So we're spending at those malls especially now when it's rip off time during the holidays and make the trip to Shelley Bloom's and the heart of the fashion district. We're open Monday through Saturday 9 30 in the morning till 6 in the PM. If you want to compare price just talk turkey. Give Shelley a call at 305 5 7 3 50 a 90. That's 305 5 7 3 50 a 90. Legendary and South Florida. Shelley Bloom's fashion closures. Well worth the trip from anywhere's. I bet local this is my 60. The ring is on your job. You way in. Madonna. Yeah. I have a great app. With opens wide as they say. Yeah. Does it feel weird to make love to someone while your husband's watching? No. Absolutely not. He's right skeptical at first. Really? No, I just so care. I want to do them because I want to I want the experience. Yeah. Always been like that. Oh god. Yeah. That's right. It's like food. You've always been a good ride. I have. I have 32 at 5 60. That would be funny. No, the story of this. Thanks me Louisiana School punishes 70 year old for talking about lesbian mother. Mm-hmm. Just happens to be on our website. I have it sitting here in my pile. But thank you anyway. Whoever sent it. I mean, we do appreciate appreciate all of this stuff like Bob Lansardy's to say we appreciate it. But the fact that a matter is if you check out the 80 million good stories that we have on our website every day, then you save us a lot of time and grief. And thanks paper. Am I right? Yes. Right. Also before I do get to that very jackass story, CNN speaking of polls is taking a poll on near our website. And the question is, the Cincinnati Police act appropriately in subdoing a few hundred and see it's amazing. The good news for him is he lost 50 pounds in one day. The bad news is he still dead. Work day tell us yesterday he was 400 pounds. Right. Did Cincinnati Police act appropriately in subdoing a 350 pound man who later died? And, of course, we've all seen that video over and over. How many times we've seen it? About 30 man? At least. 57,287 votes is of a win of right printed this thing out. 57,287. Yes. 71 percent. No. 29 percent. He, they found the cocaine and PCP in a system. Got it? And? What's he doing? He was stunned man. He was out of control. Haven't you watched it over and over and over? Slow, Mow free stream. Instant replay. Haven't you watched it? Yeah. Midden times. I'm not all about it. But he was black and fat. Had a record? Had a rat sheet as long as the beast penis. And what the, I'm more, could you want? Was it a hit record? Anyway, here's the a very jackass story. I'm looking at there's speaking of our pool. But that it was between the British Airways pilot and the controlled tower. But regardless, British Airways says that they have still not heard anything from any of their pilots that they saw. Yes, you see the pilots are keeping quiet. You want to know why? Because they'll value their lives. Mhm. Well, they just don't want to be interrogated and, you know, raked over the coals and then maybe like son off to see the queen and never show up again. You know how those things go? Look at a way that polis turn out. This is shocking to me. What was your take on GW Bush's surprise Thanksgiving visit the troops in a rat? It was a sorry as photo up nothing more. 55. That's 50%. But it was clearly courageous designed to bolster troop morale 25. That's 23%. Are you believe in any of this audience? 20% of our buying in that crap? No. It was strictly politics 14. Why didn't he stay longer and see what's really happening in a rack 10? And it was a brilliant way to upstage Hillary. Five out of 100 nine votes. 23% so far say it was clearly courageous designed to bolster troop morale. I'll question about it. Courages. That's why it was like kept top secret even from most of them from, Did you know that the Bush won and Martha Washington, whatever hell of her name is? Bads? They didn't even know about it? No, I didn't know that. They didn't even know about it. And Laura only found out about like a couple days ahead of time. She said, oh, maybe he won't come back or something like that. How do you like that? Really courageous, which is why like I said he kept checking the radar. Anyway, we'll get to that later. Here's Barry Jackass's column. It took me 35 minutes to get to it. Nice going Neil. Thank you. So whipped up because the Joe Rose is great comments. You're the end of his show. Yeah. Could have knocked me over with the feather. You go, Joe. You're the man. See, he's pulling the gloves off. He's going to be. I'm listening. Rip and mow and answer every day for which is another reason. The most reading nervous and crawling people like Barry Jackass. In response to a recent column about WQMs struggle to find a viable long term. Morning show. Dolphins radio and answer Howard David called. Mean called Barry Jackass. To defend his record and assist he will continue doing a talk show at least through the end of his contract in the spring of 2006. Absolutely. David points out that in the most recent ratings book he and Steve Geldy Goldstein's every day five point share between six and eight a.m. Among the key, male 25 to 54 demographic group. Topping the 3.6 to do what generated a year earlier in that slot. In that slot. Back home. While fired, 8 to 10 a.m. host Scott Reldezers a lot of credit, especially in attracting younger audience. What we did between six and eight with the trackers in our own radio station is something I'm proud of said David, who called a syndicated Minnesota San Luis game Sunday and WQM and made many mistakes. WQMs hopefully convincing Joe Rose to handle the 8 to 10 a.m. slot with Goldstein says. Barry Jackass. How do you like that? Yeah. Huh? He trackers in the radio station. Like, I'm sure he means us, but generally like everybody because he's used to taking it up to buy from everybody in the building. You know what I'm saying? I take a lot. And Geldy just bug off for you. God. Hey, that's a good looking guy. Okay, come down. Joe Rose and Geldy were the happy two happy to be buddies to begin with. In fact, it was Joe that brought squeaky Geldy into the worst team in the first place, which created at the time a lot of, well, I don't want to say a lot, but a certain degree of conflict because it was always when there's three people involved in a project like that. Like three people involved in partnership and a business. It's always two to one. I mean, unless it's unanimous, it's always going to be two against one. And in that case, it was always Joe and Geldy against Defoe, poor Defoe on the outside. No wonder he went to the Indians in, you know, big for forgiveness or whatever the hell I was. You see what I'm saying? So there's the, it's not long. It's just a short piece in there, but there's some real interesting meat in the story there by Barry Jackass, who was much of a lemon and a weasel and a simple denazise and a little momma's boy. The fact that a matter is that he gets the inside poop because first of all, Mohour David had called him, which is embarrassing. And secondly, the thing about the Joe and Geldy, he knows because I'm sure that Greg told him that. Right? Right. Because he gets it right from the horse's ass, right from Greg, right from our general mangle, the Humpty Dumpty man, who's sitting in there with Joe, right now, Rose right now, talking turkey, you can take that to the bank post. They're sitting in there hammering it out. They're hammering it right now. Have her turkey. They're hammering it old bird. But, Dota QM is hopeful convincing Joe Rose to handle the A to 10 AM slot with Goldstein, the Joe and Geldy show, the first team junior. Right? Right. The first team junior. Oh. So, there's the latest scuttle, but from inside, the never-ending soap opera that is WQAM, where we can never get all our toes on the ground. And let me say again, for real, you're a good guy. You didn't have a good time working with you. It was a blast even though you got a death wish. But the fact that a matter is when, and we find out you're talking to Mohour on the phone. If I heard Mohour's voice on the phone, he'd hear it, you hear it right away. I get so fast. There you go. Sounds like a devil told to me. With a ankle in it, you're being a detractor. Yeah, another deal. What does that line he used again? Uh, what we did between six and eight would detractors know on radio station is something I'm proud of. This is the same guy who very shortly after he started his morning abortion on his station. Erred his audience, not to listen to the show that followed him. And he's talking about detractors on a station. How are you kidding you? Backstabbing phony old Kikah who you kidding man. I thought they had detractors on the farm. Yeah, right. Detractors are out in the yard trying to clear the way for your bang to scrape you there. God. Oh, what a piece of turd. 1039, 21 to 11 at 560. Let's take a look at this number from up Miguel. Our best of campaign as of December 2nd as of today. 42,95 bucks. Where the 220 come from? We know we can't cash that he hadn't counted. Great. So we're almost a 43 grand and we'll make that 50 because we got the whole month of December to go. And it's holidays. If you want your best in your CD for your kids and your uncle and your cousin and your mama and whoever else. Now's the time to get it. You can go online and do that. And also we'll be having a van hit at some random places as there. They're from room to two which I'm pleased to see that finally. And meaning a place that we can choose that somebody might actually show up as opposed to Ed's shoe shine shop on a corner of maybe shoe steve shoe shine stand on a corner of this game in the 79 street. You know, where our audience probably in hanging out to much or something. Maybe to pick up a hooker where I read on that. I'm probably not doing this show. So we got nearly 43 grand, 42,905, we're a van and per rescue. Wait till we get to that norma canstory. He ought to be put away. Check in there. I'll guarantee you that. And he certainly can be charged for his services no more after after emailing me. Frankly this morning to make sure I see that story from the Miami Harold about how he sold the Fag news pay. I mean the express newspaper. And he's gone from a hospital to the millionaire in just four years norma. And I'm sure that his show is going to be highly syndicated and popular all over the world. I just got all the time to do it. 1041 at 560 WQM if you're looking for a really fun original gift for somebody's birthday anniversary. Or for the holidays like now. Make somebody's day by sending a Vermont teddy bear. Just call 1-800-829-Bear and a friendly bear. Councilable Hupi choose from over a hundred hand crafted bears delivered with a card and chocolate and a colorful gift box. You can shop online too if Vermont teddy bear.com. It's more personal and fun and flowers that will be enjoyed forever. You won't believe the reaction you'll get choose from bears like the birthday soup bear. The Thanksgiving turkey bear. It's a little late for that one. Or the babies first Christmas bear. That sounds good for right now. They've got bears for every occasion. All of the bears are handmade in Vermont and guaranteed for life to quality is unbelievable. And like I always tended the last forever or lifetime is supposed to flowers this which are dead in a matter of hours. Over night and Saturday they live with our guaranteed. So call Vermont teddy bear for the holidays 1-800-829-Bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com. 1-800-829-Bear and a new old year. Neotrony to call the Vermont teddy bear. The light in the world. We are supposed to be in the 5-6-1. You AM. On the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God. And now from Times Square Studios. Barbara Walden. Good evening and welcome to 2020. I've interviewed Christopher Reeve. Many times since the accident that paralyzed from eight years ago. But I wasn't prepared for the amazing achievement I witnessed this time. I have never talked to you without. I've never done this in Broadway. This is the first time. Something remarkable. My goodness is this interesting. This is the first time I've ever done this time. A very moment. And that's our program for tonight. Thank you for joining us. I'm Bob McWartys. I'm a Tiga Knifel. Anyway, a paid 60-arch post is Big Night for WD testers. This a misplug puts it on her own website, which is kind of amusing because it takes a little shot at her. She's probably fudge pack and right now. Kirby Rantuse as him star David Larry David's wife, Laurie, a full buzz for a nice political pow-off liberal Hollywood activist after she dubbed at the hate bush event. To which we said, Oh right. While the strategy session at the Beverly Holt naturally has the considerably less inflammatory title, a mandatory meeting to change the leadership in American 2004. Laurie and Evan environmentalists called a cause to stir when she forwarded invites with the email heading hate bush December second event. Internet gossip mismatched fudge cleafly seized upon a hate bush story yesterday, noting that the meeting will be shared by Harold Ickys, Bill Clinton's former White House deputy chief of staff, and Clinton Gore campaign manager and Ellen Malcolm, found where of Emily's list of group dedicated to electing pro-choice democratic women. Former AFL-CIO political director Steve Rosen-Towell also chair according to an invited pain by paid six, but Ari Emmanuel, founding partner of the powerful and devoured holiday agency, brother of Clinton White House staff, a Roma manual, an agent to Larry David and Westwin Quitter Aaron Sorkon, bristle at the hate bush allabaloo, people are assembling over a political issue, the 2004 election of the manual told us, I didn't know the free assembly was a bad thing. The invite didn't say hate bush, and I don't take the drug story was productive, a manual to kind of say who will support, but assure us it won't be bushed, which we say. Oh right. And not with neither will I we. Many, many times. I just mentioned that in passing. What do we got percentage wise? 21 and a half percent say it was a courageous thing and that enough to make you want a puke? Yeah. Means it's 21 and a half percent of the audience that got sucked in or that summer, they're just a bunch of suckle fans or were being prepped. Nah. We got 181 votes. What was your take on George W. Bush's surprise Thanksgiving visit to the troops in our rack? It was a sorry ass photo opportunity, nothing more, 93, 51.3 percent. It was clearly courageous designed to boost the bolster troop morale 39, 21 and a half percent. And by the way, that's the wrong answer. It was strictly politics 21. Why didn't these stay longer and see what is really happening 21? It was a brilliant way to backstage Hillary 7 out of 181 vote. Now. Now? Well, I was going to read the normal Ken story because I'm sure he's listening to out there right now. Another self-aggrandizing silly person. I'm listening. WQAM. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Fine. Okay. I don't know if you heard it yesterday, but General Clark was in town yesterday. Hello, meeting over the embassy street. Sir, I'm going to talk about that later on. He said, did you know that his father was Jewish? I know that after that, he attended an eight seminar at a synagogue that had over 600 people in attendance. Right. And he did a very long job, yeah. I haven't been a big fan of his, but I figured I'd go and care what he had to say. And he did a really good job. I think he's the one that might be able to be pushed. He never stole a freight train. I'll tell you that. No, and he might be able to get some of the right wingers to help the little sort of left. But if I was him, I wouldn't be a real person to delay. Beats. It's okay. But I wouldn't be an out seem to the whole world too much, especially in the deep south that his father was Jewish. And about his Jewish roots, I'd be kind of keeping that quiet, you know? He's still a good looking white guy. There you go. Good looking white guy. Nothing wrong with that. Have a great day, sir. Good looking white guy. What's wrong with a good looking white guy? That's what I've always said. Large, well, I'll put that ahead of the normal kind story. Large thumbs for Jewish votes, which explains why he's been hanging out at the Deli Dan and the Rascal house. Oh, he's coming to find out he's got a little Jew in him. Deli Beach, Connecticut Senator Joel Jew Lieberman, may have been in the sentimental favorit in South Florida after a few thousand butterfly ballots, prevented him from becoming Vice President in 2000. But he, I think would be appropriate if he were the Vice President. Or, or, but he wasn't the presidential candidate during a standing war on a crown of synagogue until Ray Beach yesterday. We turned army general Wesley Clark stepped into Jew Lieberman country, throwing hundreds to him, talk about his Jewish roots and his support for Israel. Oh, the general who's come under fire from Lieberman and his other Democratic rivals for a shifting Stances on the Iraq War and his passport for Republicans left little doubt about his goal, but a woman stood up to ask how he can rid the field of these spoilers, who stand between him and the nomination. I think she's talking about Senator Lieberman Clark boomed in the microphone at Temple M. M. It was, I think it was the M. M. Maybe he's got a speedy fact. Later speaking to reporters, Clark called his common a joke, but it underscored the developing rivalry between the two contenders who both decided to skip the January 19th Iowa caucuses. Now, watch it listen to this. They plan to focus on winning other primaries in later weeks in more moderate states like South Carolina, Oklahoma, and Arizona. Now, the idea that you leave early is going to win votes in South Carolina, Oklahoma and Arizona is so, you know, Wesley Clark, you know, no question about it. More moderate states like South Carolina. More moderate states, right, like South Carolina. Oklahoma. And the hotbed of Irby Wright Wing, for the analytical organization that's been kicked out of California, Arizona. More moderate states, which I think tells you a lot about the fascist you were talking about. The fascist you were saying right there. If those in the moderate states, I'd hate to see which ones that they extreme right wing ones. Clark and Lieberman, along with North Carolina Senator John Edwards, Massachusetts Senator John Kerry, and Missouri representative Dick Gibhart, are trying to survive the primaries long enough to challenge for Mara Romant Governor Howard Dean, who leads in polls and fundraising. Did nice job. I didn't see the whole thing on last night on, what does that stupid show? Hardballs. Would Chris Matthews and why do they always have to start with a game marriage thing? You don't always have to throw a big song to dance and it has to ask the same question 50 million times. And how are Dean says what difference does the make what you call it, whether it's civil union or marriage? It means exactly what Wesley Clark said last week, full and equal rights for everybody, period whatever it had you call it. And I think that those people are insisting on, you know, back in anybody in the corner about the, you know, what you call it a marriage. Well, what that difference does make what you call it, call it spread. Most marriages in America are fraud anyway, so who'd outcares? Anyway, the floor to primary said for March 9, while the nominees expected to be decided with a flurry of big-state primaries on March 2, strategists for some campaigns believe the floor to vote could prove a decisive vote if a legitimate challenger to Dean emerges in the nomination remains in doubt. All nine Democrats, trying to attend the state's democratic party convention this weekend in, anxious or land though. Most of the candidates have devoted time to raising money at private events in Florida, among them is Clark, who collected about a hundred granted to private mimey fundraiser Monday night, but he also made it repeated public appearances. He is retina. Here's the part I like. He's rallied crowds in Jewish delies in Hollywood and Sunniiles, aka the Delhi den and the Rascal House. And money. Just to show that he's one of them, he actually stuffed a few bagels into a sacky brother-law. Yeah, he stuffed some sweet moan a couple of bagels and a couple of bill pickles into a sack that is a- Aids' problem. Is it luck, Mag? Right. Monday, he, once again, would a constituency that most experts earlier believe belonged to Lieberman and Orthodox Jew who started on the polls. The crowd applauded Clark Monday, his e-chided president Bush for his handling opposed war Iraq. Clark promised a new more internationalized approach to foreign policy. He spoke of learning lay did life that his father who died when Clark was three was Jewish and a native of Minsk Belarus You don't wear my grandmother was from Minsk Minsk Or you're like that Anna Solomon they could have been kin my man Wesley Clark my man He spoke of his personal visit Israel in 1976 of evening. He shared with Prime Minister. He had to talk rubbing I wonder if he said it's Fuck what I would have done that I would have done good. You know got him a lot extra votes Less than even get out free brisket and put hydrolock is couldn't hurt I was overjoyed and thrilled and happy Clark said of learning of his ties to Judaism I'm so proud of my Jewish family and my Jewish heritage. I just want he started to sound like barba stumbling out I just love Israel the Jewish people the Jewish people I love Israel and I remember her that bitch that slot now I Just wanted to share it with you. He said to the old Jewish crowd Wait till wait till he goes to one of those southern Baptist churches and he tells me that he was his father was black I mean he died when he was three he's busy. He's been spending a lot of time Check it out his family roots. Okay, maybe he'll find out his his and then yeah, and he comes to us out Florida Today's county and everybody finds out his father was Cuban hey it can be done his father was a philasha who braided to Cuba father. We're cool eyes in Minsk While the upper general support for a piece in the Middle East Park has been criticized for a vagueness on issues Was less direct on the issue He called the Bush administration's approach to the Middle East half-hearted city supports Israel's right to establish security through primitive strikes Uh-oh, but as for the fence being constructed by Israel and West Bank Clark caution You've got to be very mindful of the Palestinian's rights. You don't want to construct a fence that's going to be prejudicial to the ultimate of Willemu resolve the problems to negotiations. Yadiya diyadi Local them a credit leader said yesterday the turnout for Clark illustrates potential weaknesses for Lieberman's campaign and what was once considered a stronghold This demonstrates an opening for someone else to galvanize supports at state democratic Senate Democratic leader Ron Klein A Palm Beach County Democratic movement with Clark on Monday Palm Beach County Commissioner Bert Errant and a Lieberman support are Considered that the Clark turnout was impressive though we said Lieberman could match it Let's put it this way, Errant's and said I don't know Senator Lieberman's campaigns been disappointing or the other ones have just been better. Wow. That's an interesting way of looking at it, right? Sure Yeah In other words if a restaurant goes out of business it's like saying I don't know if their food was really crappy or maybe the other of our restaurants were just Better same Yeah, that's the good way of looking at it I don't know if our radio station was garbage or if the other ones were just better That's what the David Ross is always saying to PD Bulger. I don't know if the Clear channel station suck or if the other ones just happen to be better they suck and less They suck less. That's gonna be our new motto with QM. We suck less except mid days where he sucks a lot 1056. I'm so excited about Joe roses performs give him a big raise. Okay, give whatever he wants Greg I'm listening. Yeah, he sliced mow up on a ass this morning about that very jackass conversation You think that an old fart like him up there in poker between a majraying and a golf He'd have some more productive to do than sitting around calling the very jackass Trying to defend himself Oh, man. Yeah See if he didn't have it in through early complex and other the show sucks in his boring yourself He would have to be called very jackass. Well, we had a five point old and it's fun to be tracked Is on the station. I'm very proud of that. Yeah, you're proud. Yama How tell you what we're proud of an ex Katrina? She's lost nine pounds of balance for life And I guarantee you'll be on the shadow fed up by the end of this we should be well in the double digits should be on her way of being slim and Beautiful because she is really a sweetheart. We like her a lot and you'll like yourself a lot more when you look in the mirror And you realize that the weight is supporting off your body. Thanks to balance for life the reason that she's doing so well It's because it's easy You don't have to count carbohydrates. You don't have to count calories You don't have to do anything other than reach outside you do or and reach for the sack Lot of you people out there have a lot of experience reaching for the sack when there's a chance to make something productive out of it Reach for your black sack because inside your black sack And it'll ever write you door by six a.m. every day There's all the food you need to keep you full happy and satisfied all day long three gourmet meals To delicious snacks. We're talking about fine outstanding fresh delicious food not prefabricated crap like the other ones give you and Balance for life is the only company that lets you pick between two choices for each meal every day That's around the program you fill out a menu once a week and that's it. It's a piece of cake without the cake So let balance for life finally help you lose that weight if you're out of shape if you're a big tub If you're a thorgic diabetic here's the chance to return your life around the easy way call balance for life two days Especially during holidays is a good time to start because otherwise you're gonna be packing on the pounds call nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or get more info about their outstanding program on our website Balance for life.com This Larry King and they don't come any better than meal ruckus Out all of a lamp. Oh On the I'm the one who never reshamed Can't even lay with just like you say I'm the happiest of the day In the world Take off those checkered pants 11.03.05.60. He's everywhere, you know it? Oh yeah, he just gets under your skin, so to speak The mole-myster, man, I'm trying his big day is coming soon Very jackass wrote a thing about him yesterday And the girl in the case you missed it, I did read it Ha ha ha ha ha You detractor That's right, I'm an detractor And George is a detractor And Josh don't know what the epa he's detractor He better read the Josh of the Combine Oh And then you got the Joe Rose of the Biddy Traktor And a mad dog was also a closet detractor Because he got a work with him on the games But he hates it And he got guilty who's not he's out of the closet detractor And a hopper who's a very very much out of the closet He tractor Who else who might even out Anybody else that we anybody else we haven't mentioned yet I'll go get the QA extension list and you can do it Ha ha ha ha Here's the roster even the janitors in the tractor Absolutely Yeah, in the building And it's quite a bit we got a 5.0 and I'm very proud of that And it's one in little vagina and he got a bunch of diaries And yeah, right Whatever it was God And see one of the big differences We decide to factor this show is entertaining And we have a gigantic audience and that one is the fact that we don't discourage you from listening We encourage you to listen to the more Howard David and Joe While it's still on Right it down Right Right because we want the entire station to do well Even a for the fact that we like to get our bonus money See because that you really don't have a choice You have to be a team player You can't be a detractor Because you know because that It's like shooting yourself in a foot We want that bonus money In addition to which we encourage you to listen to them all Because then you'll find out a Juan little Havana And stuttering Steve and all the other chronic colors You'll find out what is we're talking about all the time And you'll say holy crap He's got a good point and so does Joe Rose He's got a good point on top of that gigantic head Here's our first poll today What was your take on George W. Bush's surprise Thanksgiving visit To the troops in Iraq 255 votes It was a sorry ass photo up nothing more 128 It was clearly courageous to decide a bolster troop morale Just change again 50131 on the first one 50 percent Out of 262 It was clearly courageous to decide a bolster troop morale 5520.9 percent that numbers winling It's winling It was strictly politics 36 Why did these day loggerons he was really happening in Iraq has got But And it was a brilliant way to upstage Hillary 10 out of 262 I think we ought to take a call or two because I got a pile of stuff You man, we got that second poll later on we got a heavy bucket today Oh, why? WQAM Yes sir Who's this? Who you calling? Nails Speaking Nails Yeah How you doing buddy? Okay That's bad news for you Yeah Okay Roachon Roachon Roachon Yeah I want for a while back Yeah No, no, no Yeah What about your man? No, no Not coming back Yeah, where's the crap? Not coming back What about your man? No 560560 Well, at least they're getting some new material out of here I guess you're getting to the new year I like how he didn't put the fake voice on until he knew he was on the air Right And speaking of the retired guy, guess what we got coming up in the second poll And last time with the show today, let's hear it Oh, alright Hey, list of people who you think oughta be terror like right away Which one of these people live? I don't want to tip the thing I want to tip it I don't want to be like tippy headwind It's for the birds Oh, look at what's ringing out Oh, you don't think it's really working, do you? I don't know Give a shot Line one WQAM Kippet No, Neil, read more that book Read more one book I'll break it Get out of town Uh-huh Is this a thing, honey? This is the same guy No, it's not It's a different guy Different guy Different guy Now you're probably that guy's boyfriend No, let me ask you a question Did you see the beating of this big flat black guy Since the day that died No, I didn't Do you haven't seen that on the news? They've shown us 50 minute times No, I don't know cable He has rope Okay, go back and take care of those peace Okay, wash it off real good Gail, he says it's starting to stink real bad Line one is actually working I told you this was the day Did I tell you that? I just had a feeling Did it? Because no, because it's the 7th of the second See yesterday was not just a regular Monday But it was the Monday after Thanksgiving holiday weekend Okay And at least now we got clear sailing Until about the December the 20th December 19 Did you see what I'm saying? Oh yeah Until like to nuken Christmas on that stuff It's in a really heavy duty Then of course it's all held till January the second So there's like a couple of weeks in there And of course we'll all be going away anyway Except you Right And Josh And Josh He'll have to be there Hold in your hand 5 6705 60 I'd like to find out what this audience felt Let me say it again See it in took that poll 71% said the police did the right thing 29% said Aha Now be interesting to see They have no way of knowing Because they didn't well Yeah, they could have asked But they didn't What the racial Break down that would be Right See what I'm saying In other words of the 29% on CNN nationwide Who said Oh cops overreacted They killed his guy Although they did say that he had number one A bad heart And in large start And which I guess when he weighed nearly 400 Pounds of whatever he really had That's not hard to figure out Plus all the drugs on top of that He had like a death wish Right Plus if you watch now They didn't always show it from the beginning of the tape He was attacking them And he was y'all A white boy back on white boy And he was just out of control And just stone off his ass And they were like And you saw the injuries like the scratch neck And the scratch deer Which wasn't really that big of a deal But he was dangerous Just There's now what we're supposed to say He was dangerous He was dangerous He was supposedly dangerous He looked dangerous to me For the scissor About a five-foot five You have been 55 Pound black drugged up guy like that Oh man I don't care whether he's white black or purple Or related to Wesley Clark You're going to run like hell The beast isn't that big And he looks dangerous Yeah, yeah, he looks dangerous at the buffet Now who the hell could that be on line 12 WQAM hotline Yeah, Neil Who's this? Ted Day with CBC Are you my friend Oh, you know something that old expression about knocking somebody over the feather How are you pal? Seriously, you could knock me over the feather Now that the market finally went up And that people are making a few sets back of all the millions that they lost Now here's Ted Day with Culligan who's also Jewish What a sensational buying opportunity Where you're 10,000 a year old Ha ha ha ha ha Yeah, but I see the dollar's down 33 And then in fact, our 1.75, you know Bob Paisani You're good Paisani Bob Paisani's not here going But it would but about all that other cram How much you know Neil? They're $100 very good for the multinational I got news for a weaker dollar sucks Because I'm here in Canada man And it's killing me the Canadian dollars across the 80 Almost up to 80 cents When I go back to Amsterdam The U.S. over a dollar 20 A dollar 20 Holy crap You show a American money in Europe now They just laugh at you and throw it on a ground I know two summers ago 62 cents that is up in Canada It was a great deal That's right I come down a few hundred You're a human man with your weaker mercenaries Teller your killing me Ted I just say that they come down a fart And you're the only one thing that's constant I can put on WQA in there you are You are a pera man Put on is the word I can't I cannot believe after all A horrible things they were all true By the way, I've said about you and your core Your colleagues including that ugly Maria Bartirromo I can't believe you're still calling and listening It's amazing You're close to show you we got a real group of your CNBC Well there's no other radio to listen to down here Except whatever station I am here I'm doing my CNBC businessmen at every day What's this thing? A M stations up to the 1400 or whatever He doesn't even know the call that is out That's our person That's our person Signal about 2 and a half to noon That's humiliating I don't want to say that The people at CNBC are caving into the right wing But I will say this That would a market going up the last few days here And they have the heading You got that one bald head in schmuck Not Ron and Santa but some other guy that comes on here And the heading says it's the economy It should say it's the economy stupid Because really what you people are trying to say See the economy's making a nice comeback Support El Bushmarks That's what they're really trying to say Because GEE is doing the same thing like Viacom and all the others They're cracking their pants The cow toe to the right wing You know that Well you can't say it But I gotta tell you And if I told you this before Not everybody I have routinely asked All my guess You know the president face two issues They head to this election The economy and the Iraq war Every way Effective that the war would not be the issue And that the economy would be Well look what happened It's not the economy It's the war So what do you want to make How come Why don't you ask your producers There at CNBC at the gambling channel Ask them how come you keep putting up this thing And a bottom of my screen It says it's the economy It's the war stupid or something like that Well I don't really think that kind of I don't think that kind of on the purpose of that Is to indicate what the The only important around the election Is that it? Right It's basically just like The idea of what we're talking about at any given moment Obviously to me you made some bad investments Because from the sounds of this you still need the job Let me tell you something And I'm saying this on the... This is the man by the way folks Who don't know Ted David from CNBC Who proudly and the courageously called Wall Street In the lecture of the last day I've never seen a couple of years ago I am all in cash And I've indicated this on the air I am all in cash And the visual stock I all know G.E. I have a couple of drugs stocks We have to disclose this on the air And I make no money Does Rush know that? Does Rush know that he had drugs? Let's say Rush was very nice to me at one point When he thought that I was slight So I won't say anything about him Yeah But he didn't know that you were Jewish But that I don't know Wait till next time you say me won't be so nice I'd like to change things But anyway, I don't want to tie up your lines here Great to talk to you I love your pole by the way Interesting pole you got going there Yeah, you stay up on my pole man Hey listen Ted Have a great holiday and it's good here from me Take care Take care And tell Marie to get rid of them bags Yeah, she's got... I don't want to say it again I don't want to get him in hot water Would form a rea bark to Rome Because a lot of guys out there A lot of horny 80 year olds Think she's a sex pilot And if you guys don't realize that when she got it Public's horny 80 year olds with cataracts Right I blind Mike think she's a hot number 1114 at 560 WKM Hey listen If you guys would like to be a hot number But you got an ugly bald spot like somebody we know Absolutely And you don't want to put a gross mess right Or some other farm barn or animal on your head Here's the answer Check out the area I've put you about him for years and years and years And we keep telling you because of the fact that For no amount of money in the world Can you get a better look and hit a hair The natural hairline system is as natural as it gets What it really means is it looks like real hair That's the choice you have to make You want some piece of crap on your head It looks like a like Dennis Gassinich Or sand down Wilson Or you want a real real head of hair You're looking younger and better than you ever dreamed Again you have nothing to lose but your shiny ugly bald spot That makes you look so much older Because everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee How many days? About 30 man If after 30 days you'll love away looks and feels and smells If you're not getting more action than you ever dreamed And your life Charlie give you a full refund No questions asked And be sure to mention your writers when you call Because it'll get you next to 200 bucks off the already reasonable price Of Charlie's natural hairline system So not get suckered in by the other guys Get yourself a great looking head of hair With Charles Alfieri Call him tool free when in doubt check this call 1-800-321-2413 1-800-321-2413 A log under his world famous website Charles Alfieri.com Why in local Here's sports radio 5-60s you You a-m You're just it off During this current economic downturn There's only one place investors like you turn for dismal financial news CNBC CNBC prize itself on having top notch reporters Pacing nervously on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange Another panic filled day on Wall Street today As ganners and losers were far outpaced by Jumpers and risk lashes The CNBC within site before casting To know just what happened to all the money that used to be in your 401k Now it's time to take a look at mutual fund Well man that's enough of that Only one cable channel gives you an informed head start on your financial future CNBC The latest figures indicate it's time to pull your money out of stocks and bonds And start looking into coffee cans and shovel CNBC When you used to have money, we used to have Love an 19 at 560 WC It's pretty obvious that that's why they're always peddling Here's like tenses is a great buying opportunity You're always peddling and they're always like blue sky Because if people get out of the market and they're not interested Nobody's going to watch CNBC right? Yeah, yeah, that's pretty obvious That's why they're cheerleading on a sideline Which the short sellers are too happy about that But that's too bad they don't care about them What was your cake on George W Bush's surprise Thanksgiving visit to the troops in Iraq We're asking them to be on the arages.com 3201 votes in just over an hour That's pretty heavy duty, you know it Which makes me think that you may be right we're getting a freeped Do you think? Maybe a little bit Anyway, well I don't know 300 and like I said just change again 325 It was a sorry ass photo Notting more 160, 49.2% It was clearly courageous design All Sir Tuporale 72, 22.1% say that Which is enough to make me fall off the chair even more than Ted David calling on a bat line It was strictly politics 44 Why didn't he stay longer and see what's really happening 36 It was a brilliant way to upstage Hillary 13 I was 325 Before I get to the normal Kent story First of all, how many people think? Listen to this show even though who normal Kent is I'm sure the man Some sure that he's really depressed and morose I would have fact that I haven't gotten to his Something his fat newspaper story yet But I'll get to it His self-aggrandizing story about how he's gone From the hospital bed to a millionaire And how he's a big shot Got the eye But anyway, get a little bit more on that story About the U.N. what they said about the al-Qaeda Not good Not that we want to get anybody a little bit nervous up there But it's about time somebody started paying attention You mean we're not safer A lack of international cooperation And resolve his holding back efforts To stem the flow of money, arms, and supporters To al-Qaeda A U.N. report has warned As a result of the terror that we're blamed for The United States on the West's continued Let me try it again As a result, the terror that we're blamed for These non-loved attacks on the West's continuing to grow The U.S. in particular becoming a fertile ground Now keep in mind again Then Iraq wasn't a fertile ground Be afraid, be very afraid Be very afraid Be 40 march Iraq attack by the bush mice Doing his abandoned burying Nazis But now all of a sudden, Iraq has become a fertile ground Fort terrorism Yeah, they used to hold these opposed to be fighting But instead we're helping to create it Fending the flames Stoken a hornet's nest Poet were stoken and poking it The report released yesterday was compiled by a special security council Communists established a monitor international sanctions against al-Qaeda Especially worse in perdi-west-led forces in Iraq Oh my god The committee said that country had become readily accessible To al-Qaeda followers anxious to take up the battle against the coalition forces It's become like a maggot magnet Kind of like QAM, a maggot magnet Kind of like the Mohawari Davidicho, a maggot magnet Absolutely Right one It added the risk of the terror group acquiring And using weapons and mass destruction continue to grow Highlight and great concern over the possibility The group might stage an attack by using the so-called dirty bomb The committee headed by Chile and Ambassador Harold O'Munyo is monitored no relation to many Munyo's Monitorers the implementation of security council Resolutions requiring specific action against al-Qaeda Among the measures passed by the council Resolutions requiring countries to identify al-Qaeda-linked organizations and individuals Imposed travel restrictions freeze bank accounts And prevent other access to arms, etc. Munyo said a particular concern is that many charities are still being abused by groups Connected to al-Qaeda or the former Taliban regime in Afghanistan This is a very distressing fact he said Furthermore he added weapons continue to flow across borders on check and in large quantities Especially in the Middle East as a result of reports said al-Qaeda continues to have access to sufficient funds To recruit train and mount operations they're mounting it right now And he liked that Does this pathetic or why? Just exactly what everybody knew was going to happen if they had a brain Right Stoke in a harness that's what's going to happen a hornet's are all going to fly out They're going to start biting there everybody's ass And we got surresobe here baby. We got big troubles Didn't pick a genius to figure out that if they invaded irractive I'm doing exactly what Osama was challenging them to do But then again back to Al-Halibra said it's good for business He was only predicting that we were going to be doing that And if it's good for Al-Halibra and good for The other back tell then it's good for Dick Cheney and if it's good for Dick it's good for business Okay Because quite frankly they don't give a dick about anybody else beside themselves and they're good rich corporate friends Which is why we had them corporate tax cuts which supposedly are having that trickle down Right now down your leg. Do I feel it? Yeah, do you feel it? Can you smell it? That's the point That's the smell it That's the mutton Now that's his piece that he left behind on the chair and the bag Oh sorry about your chair speak to that What happened to my chair? I'm going to stick this trickle and down into it. Oh That's okay. Bring Randy back. She'll swap it for the other one. Oh Wow Now here's the normal Kent story where are we at a time? No man. He's actually a little bit of a two for this because now we got a lot of important calls coming in WQA Now here's the normal Kent story where are we at a time? No man. Actually a little bit of a two for this There's that we have a lot of important calls coming in WQA You have a lot of expenses we've done a time tunnel Oh I hear there. I thought we're going to have a good time to leisure Hey Neil got a good to hear you. Hey, good to be here I got the book from Michael Moore Right Right And Michael Moore Michael Moore I'm Michael Moore I'm Michael Moore I'm Michael Moore You're a star in Chicago Right Ripping GFW a new one Okay thanks and everything He was having difficulty getting his thoughts together Okay He was good. He had a good point to make there But what was it? That Bush's an asshole He was a little bit of a good point He was a little bit of a good point He was a little bit of a good point He was a little bit of a good point He was a little bit of a good point He was a little bit of a good point He was a little bit of a good point He was a little bit of a good point He was a little bit of a good point He was a little bit of a good point He was a little bit of a good point He was a little bit of a good point He was a little bit of a good point He was a little bit of a good point He was a little bit of a good point He was a little bit of a good point He was a little bit of a good point He was a little bit of a good point He was a little bit of a good point You think that we ever would have known that they left in the first place? No Something to ponder Something to think about My life And love This is for 3.05.06 2.08 2.08 Get Bush Hey, Bush Hey, Bush Hey, Bush Hey, Bush Hey, Bush Hey, Bush Hey, Bush Hey, Bush Hey, Bush Hey, Bush Hey, Bush! Hey, Bush Hey, Bush Hey, Bush Hey, Bush Hey, Bush Hey, Bush Hey, Bush Hey, Bush Hey, Bush Hey, Bush Hey, Bush Hey, Bush Hey, Bush Hey, Bush Hey, Bush Hey, Bush Hey, Bush Hey, Bush Hey, Bush Hey, Bush I've got a funny feeling that won't be too inject if we take out all those maniacs You're... So I'm singing out kinda... Out kinda... I'm sooooooon damn tight I've got a... Blow them up, blow them up Up, up, up, up, now blow them up Up, up, up, up, now blow I've got a... Anyway... I've got a... I've got a... Ready, name five And they'll cover Blow them up, blow them up Up, up, up, up, now blow Up, up, up, up, up, now blow Up, up, up, gotta do it today They'll cover Up, up, up, up, up, up Level 31 is five, 60 WCM happy Tuesday, Tuesday, December number two This is the day we put the pieces of our lives back together again After this, thanksgiving business Although, you know, I did make that trip to Montreal But it was no thanksgiving here Because we already had our thanksgiving in October, eh? I mean like that Yeah But I will say again, and the people in Montreal are all ugly Number one, number two, the food is fabulous God Seriously, yeah, if you just... If you'd like go on a fast for like two weeks and you lose a lot of weight and you just want to fill that hole again That's the place to go Oh, to fill that hole That's what I heard That's what Josh told me Back to him Anyway, we got the man that got coming along to the sack now and Jim managed the wildly popular The ever popular, the indifatigable What is that? Jim managed it too The Humperate 4 in the studio, no way For a free-style hours Oh look at what we got on the 7 o'clock tonight, did you notice that? No, I don't read this thing Did you look at the schedule Let me give you a clue The Beast Now maybe they're starting to take a little page I doubt it probably the big goes on vacation or something like that But I noticed I don't see the big on the schedule this week I love eating nuts Remember what I said last week about how come we don't give some of the other people a little of their own time Like Dave Hagan maybe I heard a Stevenson And the Beast who all are, you know, have got possibilities The Beast as he likes to pause the part So the Beast 7 to 730, which believe he that's enough Hurricane warm up 730 in a clock The Stetson Hatters And a hurricane's a basketball game Anycay after the basketball game into a Mark overnight Filed by the, followed by the wildly unpopular Absolutely No Howard David, with the LD for the time being But Geldies and Bill and I Now how can you say that he's unpopular, you detractor I'll have you know he had a 5.0 Did he really? I think I think Frel had to five part and he had the Oh, part Now that actually was between six and eight Give the devil his due He got a few wide diaries in there from all the sports nerds But of course he's talking about one, what was it one month? Well, let me see One book whatever it was But that was in the summer book Right, let me take a few could that again Let's see in the most recent grading book in the summer book That's where they had a 5.0 between six and eight Is that an aberration? Just like the October trend there where he had to Were the sports nerd shows had these gigantic numbers And we took a little a Back home shot in there course I was on vacation and we could must be George's for what? I doubt it. No, it's just that when the sports nerds do well What the hell is this thing you just I don't know, a duck gave it to me, so I actually did a long Duff gave you this Is he starting to interfere with our show again? Jesus Christ, what is wrong with you man? Duff, you got off this Instu lunatic You silly person you I think he spent too much time and he was with his pants down The cash rat, Florida Panthers have a parcel Loosed for the hockey clubs money woes Refine at the debt What? Whoa Refine at the, are you doing that Irrecommutation again now? Joey Laws Refine at the debt on the office depot Senator netting as much as a 12.6 million dollars for the Teamant Broward County for the team and Kaudi But first the NHL which had a The franchise which had a negative cash loan Fiscal year 2002 Must convince the Broward County commission That it's worth the refinancing amount of $84 million in bonds The commission authorized 96 to build a center Team plan to present its plans Today's commission meeting The concern Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Wait to be here this I don't want to say I told you so You see like I told you before You can you can dummy up any kind of figures you want You can say tonight's attendance is 16,000 Twitter and you look around you say there are 5000 people you don't know what I mean And you can put that in a box for when the newspapers The next day does it mean that you made any money Does it mean that they're really 16,000 people there? Oh, does it mean that you it's a viable No, no Wow County finance director Philip Allen Stopping sure to give an opinion on the plan Said yesterday that he had concerns about refinancing the debt among them that the team's fan base Isn't growing That soft float is a non-traditional How market for hockey that two other NHL teams have already sought refuge in bankruptcy court this year 10 was in the sabers And that a potential workstoppage looms is the leads Collective bargaining are Greenwood is placed Which spy after this season here comes the line of the Century all you hockey fans out there and I want to pee on your parade What was I just saying yesterday I don't understand How we have a hockey team in South Florida what was I just saying? That's not the long those lines The concern is a potential bankruptcy of Panthers hockey LLP The partnership that owns the team Allen said This is Philipsy Allen not Allen Cohen Plus he said the current proposal could make it more expensive for the county Do we find it for the awareness of the team cease to exist? The club itself has raised concern about its ability to remain in business If it doesn't generate sufficient cash flow the Panthers reported negative cash flow of $17 and a half million dollars in financial results for the year end In June 30th 2002 the most recent provided to the county and it's got to be worse than the year after that. But Michael your mark the Panthers chief operating officer said the threat was overstated the viability of this team is not even an issue we said We're confident this organization is going to continue to move forward and thrive in South Florida Allen doesn't think the Panthers financial performances improve much in lightest fiscal year Either I think they're having significant cash flow the fuel these he said Your mark hired just in late September said he could provide latest numbers And on and on it goes with a lot of very disturbing news For those of us 50 people in South Florida who are died in a will hockey fan who know our craft Okay, who know the difference between Matt Sundeen and Matt Lauer Got it now I was gonna read this national gay centered media company by local newspapers The northern Kent that's sick to me from the early yesterday, but yeah Well, how much is the first two senses good? I got to interrupt again because I've got it's already 1137 I haven't even got to the piece of resistance on a show yet today I'm doing too much reading today Do you think no I know we've had a few calls we had Ted David on there and I actually we've had all entertaining calls today. I would say so far We had to show you my new mentality don't take too many don't press your luck because look what happened to that game show press you luck It got yeah it got tossed off to the game show channel like all the other loser shows. It got ditched off to there kind of like the way they pharmed out the Reagan miniseries to show time It's on a front page of the December 9th National and choir I have it in my hand right now in the magazine too What really happened Jack and Jackson victim story cops find secret video brutal showdown between Michael and a boys mom and it's your boy Pop boy party is the cops closed in oh boy He threw a boy party I'd be like that Did the net on the page 16 here which you can buy that I don't know why do we get the tabloid so far ahead here? I don't get it I don't understand it we don't get him here anymore. Uh, Josie no mo hey, hey Joe Josie whales in the outlaw What tells the Josie land beat we're feeling pretty good if you end because used to send us all the nice tabloids the sun and choir the moon and cockamoon and how would we get we get Spine we still love it Yeah, but he probably figures that I'm here. I'm getting him ahead of time anyway. He doesn't care about you. I say I think he cares about you. No, you're small potatoes. He don't give a crap about you called and chatted me up real nice. What did he really chatted you up? Yeah He's right room down the other in a chat room And because to show you how our freedoms have eroded in America folks we can't even say chat room on here even though it's just a Spanish Fractation okay, yeah, I know Listen to the show you know, so you say chat room later. I'm going to the beach 42,000 I know five rebandon per rescue that means we need only 95 bucks more to get to 43 grand I bet you if I would have hit up 10 David 40 could have squeaked on 95 bucks could have saved you would have squeaked a little bit Make it a big bucks Jackson victim here's the headline here's a little tease then we'll do the break and then we got a long a lot of stuff here And don't tell me that you people don't care about this because I know that you do it's a politically incorrect to say that you care Everybody saying oh, we read the al Franken book. We're reading Michael more right now We love how our dean Wesley Clark is Jewish and Polish and Cuban and black, but in a meantime What do they really care about they care about Michael Michael motorcycle, okay? And we gotta keep the panthers and business because when a penguins go belly up at the end of this season We gotta have a job for Mike Langdon there to do the radio The radio I don't want to get rimoral nervous inside of the car But you know what I'm saying the fair that he's always worried about somebody looking over his shoulder I'm just like poor judgment Donald Here's the headline Jackson victim the real story boy claims Jack O'Toc nude photos and showed him x-rated videos Oh my god World exclusive and choir investigation and it's coming to a earlobe near you momentarily It's coming squirt short any second you ready you strapped in yeah I got my towel we gotta do the break though. Let's see how's the pull coming before we do this see? I don't know I just have this feeling and that's why Ted David called today I just have a feeling that after all that we had in the buckle not just the holidays But it started before that that parallel to buckle it was it was not good As usual, I find another way to keep sticking to two is just when we think we have some mo Mentum they stick a twist again. You know what I'm talking about? Go get off this instant. I'm not him. We're talking about Greg. Don't leave it on the word stuff. Tough his nervous and paranoid I'll be happy to be paranoid for good reason What was your take on George W. Bush's surprise Thanksgiving visit to the troops and Iraq is our first question today 393 votes not too bad It was a sorry ass photo of nothing more 211.1% it was clearly courageous Designed a bolster troop morale 82 20.8% It was strictly politics 55 Why did these stay longer and see what's really happening in our rack 39 and it was a brilliant way to upstage Hillary 16 For swirly they gave Hillary high marks by the way. Do you hear that even the I'm man this morning? And then it matches what's that news guys name that ass liquor? What else is not a red man? He gets yes, I man. Well, I man. Oh, well, man. He's like the Ed McMan of the I man Look at that nasty smelly old butt 1142 a five 60 WCM at that time of year again and everybody's gonna be schlepping to your house for the holidays But it's still not too late to call dry concepts and read your carpets of all the germs and schmutz They're sitting deep inside. I didn't write this by the way I actually say schmutz and spelled correctly in this copy Ted take care of your carpets clean as fast and cleaner right by calling dry concepts today Dry concepts is hands down your pants the leader when it comes to protecting and keeping your carpets colors vibrant sparkling clean Leave your carpets softer the touch for years and years for a coincidence I've trusted nobody else in my carpets. Why would I because they're the best in the universe? Dry concepts is the only ones in a world of dry clean your carpets same ideas Dr. Cleanier clothing and believe me. You'll see the difference. They look just like brand new when they get done When finished your carpets ready for all the holiday traffic and just a couple of hours because they're dry and looking like I said Just like you had brand new laid on your floor Call today and ask him to put you understand by list which will save you next to 15% off the already reasonable price of the job And it give you a written guaranteed price before they start to job each and every time You have enough to worry about during a holidays cooking and cleaning and doing all kinds of crap So leave your carpets to our good friends the professionals at dry concepts column today tool free 1-800-248-507-1 That's 1-800-248-507-1 Please be sure and tell that old Neil underlined the old part big big underlining's old Neil To your call 1-800-248-507-1 or look them up on the web at dry concepts.com Always stand your race, almost to my life I don't achieve my rules, gonna make a difference, gonna be your wife As I turn on rainy cold, turn up my laws, the slew is blowing my mind I've got the key, it's my sheets, the life in me, the kind of night I'm a guy The friending for the dirty, I've got a favorite touch and classic city lives Come a warm and sweet show, follow it by tomorrow, give it a go Fundus, I know where I'll go, and the next thing you know, I'm looking at the man in the prison Welcome! He's asking me to bend his way, and now listen to the pin and the clearance If you want to make your world a fat-to-place, Michael drop the soap and then this way You know, I hate this man, but he sure makes a good use of it Even though we're putting up noxions and disgusting and grotesque and embarrassing and a pass-a But nevertheless, he did make some good music, and we just don't want to say that no more, you know? He made some good music Oh, you actually said it, sure Okay, that's enough to five some of the solo stuff Right? Well, Jason Fib was good, I love the Jackson Fib He made some good music, but he did not, up until he turned white Up until he turned white and starved less than little boys Here's a fashion gerry before we get to the Michael Jackson, the inside poop But Gary says, I was listening to Joe Rose this morning Well, thank God for that, Gary We love Joe Rose, beast, however, who were not too crazy about what was doing the updates It says, on at least two occasions he said the jet speed to Jaguar 21 to 17, the jet actually beat the Titans last night Yeah, Tennessee Titans, you know, as opposed to Jacksonville Jaguar as you idiot beast Mr. Sports Expert, tell beast to get it right, get it right beast There's nothing more aggravating than a sports station where they can't get the teams right Thanks, no tacky of gerryz or pointing out the debis, why is that a lot of pressure? Because he's a skier, a fact that he knows Joe, he's going on with Joe for me to ten He's a skier to the fact that I'm trying to shove his ass back in there with Mo again between five and eight Which means he'd have to drag his fat ass out of bed like 3.34 o'clock at a morning number one And number two we'd have to go back in there with the dreaded one That's a looted Probably like, you know, Max's piece every day form two Jackson victim the real story The boy accusing Michael Jackson molestations As the king of pop took nude photos of him evidence that could put Michael behind bars for years Oh right The youngster who was 12 at the time of the alleged crimes also charges Jackson showed in photographic videotapes during his overnight Stays at Neverland Ranch as horse posted the police investigation toldy and choir exclusively Now if there's anybody that wants to puke woody and choir by the way, if I can interrupt my reading here momentarily Keep in mind that these were the same ones to keep us the rush story right on target I think that was the beginning of for else downfall Remember I'm trying to doubt him doubted me for reading the choir on the air That's it, and keep him eye to today and choir And like ten minutes later rush was already in the Arizona rehab Anyway The choir launched its own massive investigation and uncovered startling secrets behind the youngsters sleepovers with Michael Startling evidence police discovered during multiple raids and explosive confrontations between the boys mother and the singer We discovered the bizarre relationship exploded Scourge court, no not that kind of explosion exploded during a terrifying standoff that lasted for hours When the mother felt she was being held hostage by Michael and made a late night escape from his ranch A late night escape The relationship ended for good when the mom blew up at Michael after being told he served her cancer's stricken son wine Which could have killed him As law enforcement officials in Santa Barbara, California conducted their own criminal probe our news team This is the inquire our news team piece together the alleged victims horrifying story and found out what really happened We learned that in addition to the November 18 raid in Neverland police also seized videos from the home of a west Hills California videographer Showing Jackson with kids of various places and in a blockbuster disclose you the source posted investigation revealed police These several secret videos during their multiple raids connected to the Jackson case Now the cops are going to try to match these secret videos with descriptions that they led victim gave them He was able to give various specific details about what happened where it happened and how it happened Reckdom Evidence was gathered from locations where the boy described inappropriate contact and other things he'd encountered You call that a penis the boy also said that Michael Jackson took nude photographs of him and then Michael showed him adult pornographic tapes He described the pictures he says Michael took they would be in the smoking gun in this case ready for that. Okay, the smoking gun Shockingly, well, it's yeah, I'm just I'm on the edge of my seat Shockingly the source says cops also found material related to SNM Oh See told a kid he was going in for some m and ms that had turned out it was a little SNM The youngsters at the center of the whirlwind was treated the hospital Los Angeles for leukemia He was an overnight guest at Jackson's 27-hundred acre Neverland ran several times last winter and was even featured in that controversial TV documentary about Jackson To learn more about the boys backgrounds who the star on page 21. You're gonna see it. Yeah, well The youngsters thanks to the big heart of a comedy club owner who runs a program for underprivileged children and through a fundraiser for the boy One of the boys requests was to go to Neverland and meet Michael reveal a source close to the family Arrangements were made and at first the boy in this family enjoyed Michael's hospitality the singer even helped with the medical expenses During one visit a British documentary crew tape Michael holding the boys hand as the two talk about sharing Jackson's Neverland bedroom Sounds kind of fade to me But serious trouble began brewing because Michael kept the boy in his mother a part during visits a neverland employee told the inquire in an exclusive interview She normally stayed in one of the guests weets near the lake on a property mothers would never be permitted to main house while Michael had children in his bedroom One night for whatever reason The boys mother left the guest quarters and made her way to the main house in the middle of the night she was upset There are sensors and alarms in the hallway leading the Michael's bedroom suite and he also had live video security cameras so we could see who was coming down the hall to his bedroom The boys mother banged on all the doors and made it to Michael's bedroom Where's my son she cried? The doors are always open except Michael's room and Michael goes into room he locks the door The boys mother wanted know what was going on inside the bedroom or her son was sleeping with Michael She calmed down but Michael must have been wary after that This past February the uneasy relationship between Michael and the cancer victims mother took a turn for the worse Now keep in mind the timing of this because the tape you know that his own smoking gun they got a thing on it here too About the video tape where she said he never stole a freight train and treated him a yaddiotic You know what that was made? I don't know not that late February This past February the uneasy relationship between Michael and the cancer victims mother took a turn for the worse That's when the documentary shot by British filmmakers at on ABC and the officer was plunged in a nightmare of public ridicule The poor boy was poked fun at relentlessly by a schoolmates in Los Angeles to close the source post of the family Slurs like Fagboy and gay boy were holding him by his cool peers reducing the tears and anger Come on, even walked up to and said you moe This put a great Is he okay Josh? Yeah, he's right This put a great strain on a relationship and the husky between Michael and the mother and the boys mother and sister who sometimes accompanied them to never land Then the mother was told by her son that Michael was giving him wine to drink and she blew her stack on a visit to never land How could you do that? Why would you do such a thing she yelled at him? He's a little boy And he's I'm care chemo therapy for his cancer. It's dangerous for any responsible to have someone drinking when they're on cancer treatments There there can be very bad even fatal side effects. You say how do you like that? Yeah Well, I mean, and if anybody knows about getting somebody liquored up George right to point him in 5th local V6 is 560 3 years old yours Oh QAM This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q8 Um New this fall on Fox It's a late night talk show unlike any other you've ever seen Dicking a pop snuggles into his king's eyes bed with warm milk and cookies and interviews Some of Hollywood's hottest young celebrity Yeah I can't hear you This is Michael Jackson in bed with an Oscar nominee who was clearly starring as the voice of Mulberry in Disney's new animated adventure The genre book too Please welcome my special guest in my bed Hey George Osman Do we have to do this in your bed? It's in this it's very charming I let my children sleep with very good Oh So tell me here little Osman how was it working with a lovely bear by Lou He does that real Michael he's a cartoon voice by John Goodman Hey look what I could do with this Oh You never know who's gonna be sleeping in Michael's bed I'm here with my next guest No go love in my bed It's a big TV star The child who plays simple which is summer and my pv blue Hello child who plays simple which is summer and my pv blue Bye bye Would you like to play a game child who plays simple which is summer and my pv blue Sure put put on this mask I've been so much fun me and my children play this game with very good all the time Put the mask Look at that Look at that Touch this one time Oh So grab some more looking cookies And join Wacco Jacko for some late night TV like you've never seen before It's sleeping with Michael Jackson weeknight some fall Okay, it's probably on at 5.60 WQM Let's take a look at the first pull it's finito now Wrap it up 442 votes What was your take on George's W Bush's surprise Thanksgiving visit to the troops in our rack 442 vote Oh like I said it just to change one last time on final time 447 it was a sorry ass photo of nothing more 2023 52.1 percent It was curly courageous designed a bolster to grow 89.9 percent You see that fell under 20 percent It was strictly politics 64 Why didn't he say longer and see what's really happening 43 just like you don't want to see those flag-grade coffins Oh that's not good for morale, you know? Bad PR His morale And that could for his reelection And it was a brilliant way to upstage Hillary 18 out of 447 Okay, here's the second pull And I realize I'm interrupting my fabulous reading here of this fabulous Michael Jackson story but nevertheless Pull number two In fact, we can say that guy the trouble going back to his other voice Maybe he's online too now, do you think? WQAM Hey now Yes sir Can I take a moment to touch a palm of story you read about the Panthers? Yes Just real quick because I know I don't want to kill anybody out there with this It is my firm belief and I know how you feel about it because you've said it already When they took the Panthers out of the division with the island, there's the rangers and the flyers I'm telling you it killed the crowd, it killed everything It really did it, it's boring Even though Atlanta is not right You don't think the fact of the team is not, and by the way Atlanta is not drawn flies I hate to be with our setting team, they're not drawn flies Correct But you don't think the fact that the team has degraded as such a degree that for the most part They've been non-competitive for most of the years that they've been a newer arena That's got a lot to do with it, plus the fact that it's not a hockey town You and all those ingredients together, plus the fact they never spent that ten million dollars from Pawel Bride That they've got to spend on margins There's not much of a draw there to bring people back Right, I can agree with that But we trust the constant increase in ticket prices Then went through the roof to where lucky got to pay 62 bucks for a good seat Right, all agreed, but let me just say this You still have some sort of a fan base here from people who lived in the northeast And now we're facing every time you go to that arena, you either see in Carolina, Tampa Or Atlanta, who is a craft of our own team? Or don't forget to hurry and wash them and catch Who cares about that? I'm a craft, yeah So I really, I really believe that that was the beginning of the end when they were taken out of that division I'm sorry, I really do Yeah It was a major hit for this team Well, when they survive or not, there's still a lot of hockey fans down here But other than seeing the Panthers, there's nothing else that comes here Nothing I know The Rangers come once, maybe the Bruins come here once And that's it, done And the rest of the season blows It's horrible, it's a shame And the arena's beautiful And I sure hope that people keep this in mind even though I know they won't And I don't want to pee under a parade in date, county with their Marlon stadium But keep it in mind, all that garbage about wane And if they build a new arena, they're going to have all this other revenue And they're going to be able to compete and all this other crap They've made the playoffs exactly one time since they've been in this new arena It's highly unlikely that they're going to make it again this year And you know, who wants to pay for it? I agree Have a great day All right, buddy Go, we go Hey, okay, sure Hey, we still got a team All right, first place in the division briefly anyway See, we got sidetracked on hockey there But that was good We've had all good calls to the atonia That you know what did it? What did it? Joe Rose I think you're right Joe Rose at 9.59 this morning Joe, we love you, baby sign that contract, sign to deal He's waiting When he ripped a moment and asked It was kind of like the green light That was the signal to the entire South Florida audience That everything is okay I say is proceeding post hast High school and Joe Now that we got Joe in there with us, see, unlike for real Which we love for real, it can be wrong Now that he's got can, I'm not going to like rip him an ass Because that would be incency But he didn't know who his friends were And there was Mo and I would try to influence him One way the other could say whatever he wanted But he just, you know, even though he did say Mo show blows, which he's right about that But Joe ain't going to pull any punches about the Mo man Okay, so Mo, if you think that what was that term he used to get about About In spite of the tractors in our own radio station We can't imagine who he was talking about there Right He got that five point Let me say again, this is the same son of a bitch that went on the ear And encouraged his listeners not to listen to the show that follows him last year, last summer The year goes summer Which to me, I never heard of such a thing I never heard anybody on a radio station anywhere in the universe Go on here and say, I urge you not to listen to the station of the show that follows me Or this one, whoever heard of such crap Even your good friends back at IOT like Dick Farrell And Alex Bennett that never stoop to that They never stoop to it because it's not done, it's just isn't done It's kind of like a Mo ought to be done, you know what I mean? That's a good one Yeah, done, well done Cook them well done, okay Anyway Well, I don't know how we're getting sidetracked from this very important stuff But the guy with a hockey call was good, I'm glad to see that there's somebody who cares which is good And number two, I want to get again tip my head to Joe Rose Not that I'm sucking up with Joe, I don't need to do that because we get along great He is a little bit of a backstabber, but I don't know why I say that, I just say it because I like doing it, you know? Why don't want to suck on somebody Anybody too much of an endorsement because then it's like, it sounds insincere Oh, he hates that, sir Yeah, or this audience can't stand that If they think anybody's get along too good, then they're kind of like suspicious Like, you know, like the Beast in France, they think there's something a little bit going on there Is it? Yeah, there she is Terence was winding like a baby this morning over the Thanksgiving weekend He didn't get anything from the Beast even once, not even like a little thigh or leg Okay, here's our second pull, who would you most like to see retire already In other words, people that you think have just been around two damn long Hangin on Here's the list, and you can add some to the list as we go on, but I don't know how many calls we have time for I got a lot of heavy duty crap Including that big-norm cancery Who would you most like to see retire already? Retire Five-barker Mohour David, Neil Rogers Larry King Jerry Lewis Hey lady John Madden Hank Loverg Or Regist<|el|>man Now, the other reason I put the hump around there is because I think I'm going to put me in Moe on there You know, the other side you You know, I'm about to call on there I'm just gonna get a few votes Nothing personal Hank, love you Loose some way, will you please lose an ounce And it's that was so depressing that he said to me He said, I just gave up, you know You can never give up I don't think you really meant that, you just frustrated with it And I relate to it man, do I relate I had enough food for six people in Montreal, man Or man, great And they give it these big giant portions, it's the last thing I need gigantic portions But like you got to have something to do, right? I guess you can't even sit in people watching the ball Anyway, I guess I better vote for somebody I'm here to get the poll star And then I can go back to the important Michael Jackson Expozany and Choir I urge you to enthusiastively to throw away the hell in the sun Sentinel and just get the National and Choir every week Plus you get your horoscope Let's see, we already got some votes on here Look at that Can you believe that? I believe it For these votes, who would you like to see retire already? Retire! Mohour David at nine, Larry King eight Bob Barker five, the Humper's got four already Toda, curie Lewis two, John Madden two Registible and two, I'm in last place with only one Come on, time to retire Anyway, get back to the story The shaken mom decided it was time to leave This is after the wine drinking was discovered Try the wine She said, I never drink Blah Eddie, please come help me Eddie That would have been a good 30 minute movie You know? Great movie, go see it, Ed would As the most beautiful man in the world What did people magazine called him? The most sexiest man in the world Johnny Deft See they're always, see they always have to do it like Too late If they want to send that 10 or 20 years ago, I'd have said Yeah You know? But they always picked some of it like Paul Newman When he turned 85 or something Oh, the sexiest man in the world thought it kind of silly The shaken mom decided it was time to leave But the source claims Michael made some comments That the frightened woman interpreted as meaning he would not let them go She stayed put for hours convinced he was being held captive She felt a little like Patrick McGoon on a bad day She managed to slip out during the night Then she called the house and told Jackson that she was going to call the police If he didn't let her children leave You can't keep us prisoner she yelled Jackson let them all go Soon as she said she's going to call a police, let them all go As the relationship with the family deteriorated The glove one took off the gloves and made preparations to defend himself he contacted Scott Peterson's lawyer Mark Garragos During a session with his therapist this past June The boy began talking about Jackson's alleged behavior And the therapist informed the Santa Barbara County Sheriff's department Which began investigating sources be saying The psychologist was alarmed When the mother was informed she was in shock shattered She asked the boy over and over again if it was true Remember okay in the godfather is it true Michael is it true The insider says the boy insisted it was true was a shocking realization The police pro-commonated with 60 officers raiding neverland out of him or 18 And Jackson being escorted to jail and handcuffs to remember the 20 Before being released on $3 million bail he vehemently denied the molestation allegations But the singer still has to face the music Officials are convinced there are at least two more victims And they're hoping they come forward to reveal the source of the investigation Another inside source is police are also curious to hear An if Jackson who has a history of prescription drug abuse Used knockout drops on the alleged victim did you know that? That he had years of prescription drug abuse problem right no You do now As part of their raid they were looking for medications They had questioned the mother of the boy before it before hand extensively about drugs The Jackson may have used under some they also spoke confidently with other parents of kids who were neverland around the same time as the boy Said the inside source in June 99 The inquirer revealed the Jackson of an abusing prescription painkillers even receiving some doses from an intravenous drip Give her have an intravenous drip No Jackson's alleged fascination with Polaroid pictures that children came to light ten years ago In the lawsuit filed against him by several of his body guards. It was alleged in court papers that Jackson instructed one guard to destroy a Polaroid picture of a naked young boy And an astounding may bias former personal mage. She said she's seen Polaroid photos of a young boy by his bed The recent raid a Michael's ranch concentrated on photographic evidence and medications they neverland employed Polaroid in cryer During the search they cleaned out a medicine cabinet all of his prescriptions were gone They took home videos that were in his master bedroom. They also took cameras, but the source disclose that police may not have gained access to a secret room above Michael's bedroom It's access to a passageway that is a couch TV and bean bags chairs in that room and appears the police missed it bean bags chairs Yeah, throw it that nothing if you're gonna molest somebody that at least be comfortable We're sports radio five six Yeah My God, you will have reached all my ethnicity And I keep children alone And they leave inside my path He goes, baby, I am gay That is why I married you, we are so worried It's great to come and say, with this song That's really bad I will never give up Played it on my child And I know those toys that I never had You need to write so in my mind What my dream had I been seeing, yeah If for you touch me I call me free Let me find a home I'm safe I believe in all my child Oh, we're fine 14 at 5.60, come take a look at who's tied with a mole monster We might actually have a bat-lawner hand today See that? All right, I do What the hell was that? A sweeper? Yeah, it was a whistle A whistle early, if you ask me Anyway, 71 votes under 74 votes And Larry King and the mole monster are like in a deadlock There are no stars Larry just pulled away and I'm glad because I voted for him You did? See, I don't think they want the mole man to retire yet Because then it takes away a lot of good material Okay, because this facts from Chris, now this proves the point It says, I missed it, Joe showed this morning Could you please replay the Joe ripping them all? No Which we don't have it, but we can get it for tomorrow, can we? Maybe What do you mean, maybe? Maybe Why would she allow us to robber to get it for us? Chris goes on to say, I mean, what am I going to say to that? You're going to ask Robert? He's a backstabbing, we still have a supply Chris is a hate mole in hearing somebody ripping into his ass Give me a woody Thanks in advance, okay, we'll work on a port Chris You work on that, we'll work on this This fact you sent me from Jim who's a regular fact Unfortunately, it just says George W. Bush, right? I think that's a poll suggestion A little addition No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no He doesn't get it See that's a whole, we're not asking, see they don't understand the nuances of these polls I mean, we are so contarded with most of us, but the fact that a matter is That's not in the same category, don't you understand? I do We're talking about old farts who've been around too long, it's half of them to retire 78 votes, more Howard David, it's a 23, who would you most like to see retire already? Most got 23, Larry King 22, I thought you said Larry moved in It is Hopefully, oh, briefly Oh, Mark 11, the Humper's got nine Stop it John Madden 5, Jerry Lewis 4, the O'Rodges 2, we just still been 2 Anyway Wait till I get to the good stuff here, okay? Okay Jack or his lost Vegas boys only blow out when and out blow it out But anyway before we do that This we just were at the beanbag chair point, okay? That's right For the most part, the police were throw out of the source they even turned over a vase Or is that vase in the entry hall where Michael used to hide candy? Those SNM, I mean, M&M's The source told the inquiry a great fine for the investigators would have been a logbook Kip our security at the main gate, all the kids that passed through our entered into this logbook A decade ago Jackson escaped prosecution on several charges involving a 13 year old boy By reaching a 15.3 million dollar settlement with the youngest of his family This time around the same set of our registered attorney Thomas Snedden said The victim of the alleged acts who turns 14 this month Was cooperating in that he would testify against Jackson However due to his health problems, it remains a question if down the road the uncance or Patients will be well enough to testify in court The child's family is not seeking monetary damages said Snedden Should I be that paragraph again because Mark Erdogus is running around all they want Is money there? Much of great robbers The child's family is not seeking monetary damages It's then nevertheless said in the insider, Jackson defend his own preparing to show the Youngstus mother as a woman who's ultimately out to bleed Michael for money Right A major part of the defense will be that the woman and her son saw revenge on Michael Their benefactor when he long no longer wanted to support them in luxury They'll show how Michael's help and kindness enabled a boy to get his cancer into remission The singer will be a range and where the ninth Jay I thought was December 15 Err Sneaky push knit back push knit back The singer will be a range and where the nine predicts he'll be exonerated Lies run sprints but the truth runs marathon Jackson said the truth will win this marathon in court Michael said Now Alcohol cigarettes and two weeks of parting at Jack O's laws Vegas boys only blow out At the morage and it wasn't just a morage There is a picture of him with a SARS mask that's the only thing I can imagine that this is It's I just I'm looking at this thing. I mean he is so far beyond bizarre, you know? Yeah 45 years old I mean at what point do we stop being bizarre? Oh, he just getting started Masked Michael and a young companion in white cap check into the hotel Here's the picture. It's on page 19 You're going to go out and get the inquire I'm sure of it. Yes Or somebody will bring you one. On a way the cops were closing into arrest him on molestation charge His Michael Jackson party nonstop in Las Vegas with a slew of underage boys the inquire Or has learned exclusively And Sconst in a lavish private villa at the morage hotel in casino From November the turret to the 19 Jackson surrounded himself with a pack of young boys And allowed no adults to enter the premises as booze and cigarettes Or delivered to their rooms at all hours Doesn't that sound like the kind of guy that's interested in taking good care of young kids? Sure, he wants to take good care of us He always we're always hearing about oh he loves the children and you know Booze and cigarettes And something about packing Somebody young students came and went at the villa that some of them ever had a sleep in the bat Tubbs And by the time the 45 year old star left the villa to answer molestation charges in California Just as a young party mates had racked up 25,000 dollars in property damages to booty It was a 24 hour boy party hotel A 24 hour boy party a hotel inside and declared During a rare foray from the villa, Jackson drew up at the art diviniets art gallery With four youngsters He had one girl on three boys in the 12 to 13 year old range with him when he arrived at my store Said gallery owner Barbara Lee Woolen The kids were following him pointing at things in giggling Michael wanted a $6,000 dollar bronze statue of a bare chested boy looking at the sky with birds on his arm Which is pictured right here by the way The inside of the snow is Michael's Vegas trip was a continuous blowout for himself And his underage mailed guests I know he's being investigated for child molestation charges in Santa Barbara But his recent behavior with minors and laws Vegas should be looked into as well It says There was no apparent adult supervision for any of the kids who came and went They came and went Michael made a clear to the hotel stand that he was the only person outside the boys allowed to enter his villa The kids even ordered booze and cigarettes off a hotel rooms service menu The hotel's room service menu Get that I got a month. The items I saw delivered to the villa were absolute vodka, crown roll whiskey, Bailey's lacquer and Marlboro and Marlboro lights cigarettes In other words They were puffed on faggotts in there Well, maybe those were all for Michael How many faggotts do you think were in there? About third man Michael was decked out in full makeup It wasn't just a little bit of foundation but heavy showgirl makeup He was wearing very thick pancake on his face along with black eyeliner Are you sure girl? Whenever I saw him, he was wearing the same purple grey and black silk pajamas With two sets of buttons at the top. He looked like a geisha girl And Michael seemed to exist in his own spaced out world I felt like Michael was completely out of touch with the day-to-day reality The day-to-day day-to-day Oh, did I mention speaking of that norm canon as a sort of newspaper they expressed? We'll get to it, maybe Or maybe we can tease it for tomorrow Because everybody's hanging on the edge of their set Hey, by the way Norm, let me $50 million Okay, go to think he owes me like a fortune now Right? Did he made the big times got all in bucks? He had least could come up with the extra 95 bucks to get us to 43,000 for a van and per rescue For your charity Yes, for Michael helping with his But those bobblehead dolls Now that he got all that money from the sale of his new caprival Need our help Capit 26 past noon is 5.60. WDQM, I'll tell you a place that's going strong Maybe 25 years long They've been doing a ride of brandys Which is why they're still around While Syrians of others have come and gone away the wind That's right I guarantee a zillion shoestores have gone out of business And the 25 years that brandys have been taking good care of people in pop-o-beach But they're gone bigger than ever Because they give you an unbeatable combination It sounds right, but it's true they give you the top brand names Unbeatable prices Personal service to make sure you get a perfect fit every time Well more than what's not to like They got all the names in the business that you know One law rockports echo is Mfisto Timberland Clarks Essay is foreshyam lots more They got the wide range of sizes that you need Men 6 to 15 women's five to 12 from the very near to the very wide So now what your feet are like No matter what shape what size what shape They can stick something on there that will fit perfect And with over 40,000 parents stock in their 8,000 square foot mega store You can bet most life out of the exactly what you need is in stock right now To slap on your feet Brandy shoes to the right 12 90 or federal highway pop-o-beach Open my- Manifu Saturday I get choked up a thinking about it Open Monday 2 Saturday 9 to 9 Sunday, 10 to 5 And right now is a great time to buy essay issues during Brandy's 20th anniversary sale coming for savings of 20 to 30 percent On all men's and women's essay styles or visit their website Brandy's shoes that with two ss Brandy's shoes dot com My life in local We're sports video 560s You a-m All the crap you can unwrap all the slime all the time It's the boring looks better than a live radio show Every morning on TV Well just about anything but that hasn't stopped MSNBC from teaming up with Radio's original bad boy who now looks like a nasty old ring But it's a very I'm a sell-in intern as a copy So yeah, every morning see I miss listen to a tape of other people's County bits live on the air I did a hammer to bite into this muffin I'm a question one play thing is his why I'll be behind the scenes at it I also don't know if I'm a guy in the eye man you are the wall or two cookbook at you Now get me some fresh coffee or your fire I miss he's irreverent so I want to deal with a ball What's the deal with his water game rate? He's in coherent I'll tell you why that there's a double of a business What does that all around? He's I'm a San Diego ring And he's only on MSNBC a cable channel nobody watches and a bunch of AM radio stations go But he listens to them and somebody gets some fresh jingles You name it we got it we got a bit for everything you know it Yeah, so two people facts didn't simultaneously write by each and so how could you forget I miss it's time for me to retire Should have happened years ago. Thank you very much big army and the Rick rich women how you are Don I'm a shitem on your right way immediately if not sooner. How could we have forgotten especially since you were watching it all morning long We were just discussing him and I was watching this morning Maybe we want to go on to give me the first copy How many thirty two votes would you most like to see retire already? Larry King is taking the lead. Oh, it's a shock That's a booty 38 the moment is slip and baby 37 from all Howard David at 38 37 Jerry Lewis 15 Bob Barker 14 hang Goldberg 12 John Madden 6 read his film in six and I'm in last place with only four Damn it and we're gonna and I'm a son or immediately if not sooner right Eric right? Okay, yeah, get with it Did somebody bring in a check for the 95 bucks to get us to 43 grand. Yeah, come on. Yeah, oh, there's norm Yeah, right and normally should bring us in like 95 grand easy for abandoned per rescue. I'm sure he's on part 100 for us No, seriously, and all in all fairness he's got like a hundred dogs Some of the racks like canines. Oh, he's a he's a dog person. He's had a lot of dogs. That's what you told me See you just keep stretching it and stretching it. Yeah, I'm so nostalgic. Snap anyway getting back to this Vegas business at the Mirage. There's just not there's not a whole lot more of this because then we got a lot of important calls to get in plus we got that story about the bullseem Huh, we'll get to it three boys who appeared to be between the ages of 12 and 14 checked in with Michael and stayed with him throughout his 16 day visit the two bedroom villa Michael footed the bill for the villa villa one which was $4,000 a night while his staff occupied another three bedroom villa at five grand a night a lini room at 1500 a night and a hotel room at just a mere 500 bucks a night Oh, chum change Michael at his entire entourage went by the last name of Parker His personal chef was Mrs. Parker his driver was Mr. Parker and the three kids plus all the other kids who came and went all season the name Parker What are we gonna do with the broad Parker outside Two Michael's three kids were African Americans and one was Caucasian one of the African American boys seemed to be drunk much of the time he slurred his words The white kids stood up because his mannerisms were extremely feminine The three core boys were a little more polished than the other young boys who would chew up randomly to visit and kids seem more like street kids are runaways When the street kids showed up at the Marage they would remain behind closed doors and Michael's room for a few hours then leave It was strange because you never see these kids twice use them and lose them Or as a co-use them abuse them and lose them and whatever the new kids showed up additional room service orders for food alcohol and cigarettes would be called in Michael was the only adult allowed in a router fellow one he must have been drinking a lot of booze and smoking a lot of faggots, you know That's right handfuls of them. Wow Michael was the only adult allowed in a router fellow one the housekeepers at the Marage complain that even the maids were not allowed to enter the entire time Michael was there There was no one allowed in to clean up and became a mess The kids shrub trays with dirty dishes booze bottles cigarette packs and pop cans outside the door and let them be picked up When Michael and his party chat, let me ask you this before I finish these the last part of this How come we have to read the inquirer to find this out? Why is the mainstream media which all of a sudden has gone from that initial feeding frenzy to that OJ like a bronco thing on a highway? How come they've gone from that to virtual silence now because the president because Mark Jericho said we're gonna come down on anybody like a elephant on an ant if you know You think no Then why aren't they telling us all of these things because the president's trip to England is over oh and his surprise trip to Iraq with his turkey When Michael and his party checked out of Marageville a one looked like a bomb had hit it The carpets and a poultry on the chairs and couches and the bed spreads were all ruined with stains and had to be replaced And a number of prescription pill bottles some unopened were left behind in the trash heap The destruction inville a one was so bad that the hotel actually videotaped through as Michael and his guests have left it The hotel made arrangements to send a bill for $25,000 in damages to Michael's manager Because there's only one queen sized bed per room where everyone's slept during Michael's stay was a mystery until he checked out At that point hotel staff discovered blankets and pillow stuffed in the villa's bath tubs which had obviously been used as makeshift beds by some of the boys Michael's young guest also had access to the hotel's expensive shops and boutique shops and seizures palace and treasure island inside a reveal The kids were allowed to purchase souvenirs clothing toys games whatever the hearts desired Among the items delivered to his villa were two stuffed white tigers from the Marage I wonder if what him belonged to Roy We got a story on him by the way he's doing a little bit better he went He went He went The other day Two white scum tigers in the Marage lifeside statues of Humphrey Bogart and a buckingham palace guard and a slew of video games The villa was turned into a combination arcade toy store and kitty cocktail lounge Where were the parents of these young men reign to mystery just to come to Vegas to shoot a music video for his latest single one more chance How appropriate He'd hired 500 extras to work on the video, which is being shot at the CMX Sports and Entertainment Complex near the palms resort There were lots of kids hanging around Michael throughout the shoot Half of us in underrated boys were always hovering near him. I remember Jackson's honorage disclose Michael seemed very upbeat. There were no indications he knew when arrest was coming No tell on side or at it. I found it very disturbing to observe Michael's boy banderate is Marage villa The fact that these boys were there seemingly without parents of any adults in provision was wrong At one point I was tempted to call the cops because the whole situation seemed weird and inappropriate to me so he said Okay, okay, and there's a couple of other things. I need to just think about his the kids father the accused the kids father very strange But anyway, it goes on and on and get this way. So in choir, okay, the December 9th issue Jackson victim's story is on a cover Tax band who auction off bullseem and seized in Florida Well, what else are you going to do with it? Miami US tax and customs agencies more than 5,000 tubes are frozen bullseem in during a Florida drug investigation We'll auction off later this month. They governments folks said today Also on auction block the December 9th will be two Northwest Florida cattle ranches assorted farm equipment and 2,000 head of beep master cattle The government sees the assets from defendants convicted of operating a billion dollar cocaine smuggly and money to honor ring network Pamela McCullus spoke some for the immigration and customs enforcement agency said state and federal laws a lot of the government to seize adoption off property But with illegal profits and use the proceeds to fund law enforcement work most typically seized our sports cars Fast boats cash and real estate the bullseem in his frozen in straws slender tubes each containing enough to impregnate one cow Like rosy It's very valuable and subtracted from these beef master cattle used to produce these very fine cattle McCullus said and expert at university of Florida's rain cattle research and education center I'm sure you've been there. Oh, yeah, which is not involved in the auction said the straw of beef master bullseem in consella from three dollars to several hundred dollars depending on the quality of the bull Crazy son, huh? Kind of like the most numbers. Okay, all depending on the quality of the bull How's he at Larry doing? Ah, I should have known. Oh wow. Yeah, I mean he was neck and neck nose to nose in the early go and the boy when push comes a shove class shows 159 votes who would you look like most like to see retire already? Mohour David at 51 Larry King 41 Falling behind and after that it's small pretend is your elusive team bob barker 16 hang goldberg 15 John Madden 7 read just 12 and 6 and yours 20 only got five out of 159 only five 1240 20 to one is five 60 W Q AM Let me tell you right now. It's the most wonderful time of the year for a lot of people but It's not all great you hate the crowded malls long register lines parking hassles all the grief that goes along with it So make your gift giving a little easier this year for you and the ones you love a gift certificate from dollar mattress Column right now 1 800 mattress and give the gift that they'll be thanking you for you in and you're out Donald mattress has got gifts certificates in any denomination a new bed for the master bedroom makes a perfect gift that you'll both enjoy for years all four of you at dollar mattress No phony promises no baton swish does discount on beatable prices every day on the brand names You know interest in love now including students of an and as foster dollar mattress has got the guaranteed lowest prices anywhere Unsterns and foster who it when you call dialed out of mattress 1 800 mattress you pick the day in time for delivery within a two hour window any day seven days week from eight in a until 10 p.m. Just like me I've been seeing what on dialed mattress for years and you'll feel the difference your back will be happy as hell on a sales practice is fantastic service Every day on beatable low prices same day delivery and free set up our move for all these things make it easy to see why dollar my Chris is ranked the best in the world of customer satisfaction George is doing a Miguel is doing it just about everybody QM is called a bedding experts and you ought to be doing it to call dialed a mattress two day for a great night sleep for years to come 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TT RES or online its Macrist calm happy holidays from all your friends at diala mattress Among folk music greatest names are Peter Paul and Mary but before Mary there was box and now a smell records has discovered the lost tapes of Peter Paul and Martin Here's your chance to own a piece of musical history that didn't change the world but might have if someone had ever actually heard it Peter Paul and Marley Peter Paul and Marley every song strikes a chord every song warms the heart and every song contains the words John and I read get to your music store soon and experience Peter Paul and Marley before it all goes up in smoke 1246 at 560 WQM happy to the two to mad dog coming up to the humpbridge for the Louisiana school punishes 70 rolled for talking about lesbian mother better take that call on 7 oh first and we yeah WQM Oh he hasn't gotten in a couple of days now I'd probably feel in pretty depressed not a good voice though today I don't think that was the same guy Wasn't that's usually the kind of gables not good boy see that I mean we got learning dry to sober We can or maybe got a turkey boat stuck in his throat you know absolutely hope WQM Where you're calling from? Here's Miami hello Yes sir, we're one of the best old you are buddy. Thank you And happy holidays what an asshole you are buddy. That must be a bush look or you think maybe that's most boy friend anything It was most boy friend. He's not a like him his bunk butt buddy Louisiana school punishes 70 rolled for talking about lesbian mother WQM Yes, sir, news from the grave vines Okay, and Scott for now 940 in the morning Stoo God's still God's goodbye Oh And the Scott for all in the morning on 940 on Fox Sports all right What's more going to think about that? I'm listening you buy that stew gots in Scott for real what's all this for all these stew gots? I don't know oh process Okay, there's the room are probably a plant by people to see how the the way the wind is blown You blow anyway Pete you suck a second-grader with scolid and forced to write out will never use the word Gay in school again after he told a classmate about his let's be in mother the ACL you will adjust today This is in Lafayette Lafayette, Louisiana According to the ACL you which father complaint with the Lafayette perischool board 7-year-old Marcus McLaren was waiting in line to go to recess November 11 at that earnest golea elementary school when a classmate asked him about his mother and father McLaren responded that he had two mothers because his mother is gay When the other child asked for explanation McLaren told him gay is when a girl likes another girl according to the complaint A teacher overhearing her marks schooled in McLaren telling him gay is a bad word and sending him to the principal's office The following week the school required the boy to attend a behavioral clinic at 645 in a morning where he was forced to repeatedly write I will never use the board gay in school again the civil liberties group said A phone message for James Easton superintendent Lafayette perischools was not returned Monday the ACL you claims The McLaren's constitutional rights are violated by the school district at the ACL you we often deal with schools And mystery gates open and children have gay parents, but this is beyond the pale So can show an attorney for ACL you lesbian and gay rights project Joe Cook executive director the ACL you in Louisiana said the children in gale and lesbian parents have the same rights as any other children Talk about their families although no suit has been filed the ACL you've demanded that the school will all mention the case from a clones Disclinary record and apologize to the boy and his mother We by the guys I was concerned when the assistant principal called me and told me my son had said a word So maybe you didn't want to repeat it over the phone said the boys mother's share and how but that was nothing compared to the shock I felt when my little boy came home and told me that his teacher had told him his family is a dirty word How do you like that In Louisiana, Luffy at Louisiana and you worried about electoral votes You're looking at that map the blue states and the red states and the red next states And you wonder We're never gonna have another Democrat president again How's the polka man who would you most like to see retire already? Moha and Larry's hang it in there. I'll give him credit for that. Come on Larry Howard David at 57 Larry King 46 Larry not doing too bad. Uh-huh Hank old birthday one the hunters will do the third Bob Barker 19 jury Lewis 19 John Madden eight read just open seven. I'm tied with the I'm in out of 180 seven votes. We each have five me and the I'm in my good buddy the I'm in yeah Those in on best you know what they call him they call him the That newsman that news guy that when I'd let's his ass he probably calls him that late at night The brown eye man when they're like that no That's somebody else that's the guy we're reading the story about Here's the call online nine which is always short, which is always good. Hello. Hey new. Hey, don't you pretty good good I have a Is it just a few are pole? Yes Oh, this is like a ruffle set is but a can mold him man. I can't stand a gun on the radio man can molden Yeah, this is it WTA Man, I got your a tire man big time Oh my god, that there you're up here. I got a sack road just this is you have any idea how Sacral the just this is I know I know it but like when I first heard him it's like man We're gonna send a beast your house and beat the cramp out of you man. Gonna send a beast and further a big fat guys Do not put Ken moldo on a list. That's that is so Well, see that that's not Florida here is one of the nicest guys ever in one of my life Here's a real treat to work with a guy like this a pleasure and this guy wants to put Ken molded on the list I am shocked at a pulp so you sound like a reasonable person the only problem is nobody is Perfect and boy, you're sure here to prove it today During a holiday is no less the sever the tooth right smack in a middle between thanksgiving to Nuka Christmas new years all of these things And here's this guy who cares enough to send his very worst. I I want you to take that back. I want you to call back and retract it You think you'll do it. He's a retractor I'll let him to retract it right now WM online one is working. Hello He's a retractor QAM Yes, home. Oh, Koyaba. Good morning Ha ha ha WQAM hello. Hey, what's up Neil? Yes, sir. Hey, um besides a book Rogers. Where else is Jill Gerard and Aaron great famous from? Who? Jill Gilles Gerard and Aaron great book Rogers have no idea who the hell knows? WQAM hello You know who that was? No, he sounded like her what's his name is? Yeah, he's teeth Ken block Come in to QAM QAM hello Neil. Yes, sir my second my my my my by annual call the year how you doing? Okay? You know that it that guy beepy to the punch with that rumor on for L Yeah, for the last two days they've had that abortion that they call the morning bullpen off the air Right and so when I heard a yesterday, it you know the hamsters in my head started driving you to sad You know saying hey I eat for rail going up against the mole monster right that would be great But I don't know you are you right You got can only bring that show down man. All right still got a piece of nice nice enough guy, but he'll belong on here Even to say hello no He said that you I don't know if you ever caught two seconds of that show, but I mean I can understand how mole has a five five point Oh because that's it's on list that thing was on list in a while He brings new meaning to the term stiff competition Man, I'll tell you what if Scottie goes up against the mole monster I guess I'll start switching to QAM after 10 o'clock. There you go Sounds like like no, what do you mean after 10 o'clock? I mean how long he's gonna be on what time is that morning show on? Is it yeah I Anybody that would even think about going against you is a moron. I don't think people That's I don't care about that. I mean bring on they've tried everybody has ever been invented I'm not worried about that. I'm not gonna put I think that's the mornings that's so sick to tap because they they got 20 Boota coming up at that kind of clock and you know what they say right? What do they say even more hour David listen to me Bruno? Okay take it easy have a great day Okay, wow we got some crap going on now That's what we need in this time Right right on things start getting a little bit still and before you know it all of a sudden comes a big bunch of crap Right flying right into your face right into your bull All over the place all over most hand. I love it In fact we specialize in you know what he says all the crap you could unwrap that's it Oh Oh man in a word perverse way man. I just love having him around he's right about that I just I just you know not that we didn't have anything to talk about the 400 years before he came along But there's just something especially perverse that I enjoy about just rip him and ask because if anybody in the world deserves it He to man I'm I'm just inspired yeah, oh man if I got a pull for a moral Woo, we now if this if this is gonna happen what an holiday waiting for You know I'm saying If they're gonna do like a feral and the somebody show which hopefully for him and it could be stew guts but whoever What are they waiting on oh you know same thing we're waiting on with Joe Rose for them to iron out all of their But the difference is that Joe Rose is on the air. See that's a difference Yeah, I just mentioned that in passing because it was a big idea blitz and a billboard or something Like we do right oh I bet you Joe's got billboards up all over time Moes got 61 for retire Larry King 50 Jerry Louis 22 Hank Goldberg 22 Bob Barker 19 the Iron Man is moving up fast. Oh He's got 10 he has moved that fast in a long time John Madden 9 reads his filled in 7 and I only got 5 out of 25 last place I'm just has moved that fast in last time how are brought to bottle in the studio National gay centered media company buying local paper We'll get to this story eventually don't you think they want to hear about normal. I can't know how he's become a millionaire No, that really but first we got to take some of these calls though QAM hello Hey WQ I am that was too bad I have two outstanding choices for your poll. Yes, Vino cook oh They've been born oh They've been horned I like they've been horned his their son. You know the fact that and I realized that the marlins are spending money I does that say what is it saying a log because mine doesn't say does it say CA Josh works his Florida marlins who run all the spots today It was a great name. It just has a FL marons It doesn't say trade or CA next to it. No is written in I'll be damn No, I know mine is written in two but I thought maybe I knew log it so what oh, and of course I should know better because this is just a copy if you're log anyway am I stupid? Yes, I am but I mean I'm just wondering if they're actually paying for that or if it's like a trade deal But even regardless my suggested the marlin organization is if you're gonna promote In enthusiasm and excitement for next season with the marlins don't use the worth and I was that a real clip from the end of the world Here's that can't be that's gotta be one of those you know where they just kind of make it up, you know No, that's the call. How was there? Oh no No, no, no that that that has got to be then let's get Dave Van Boring on a list right away. Okay George Dave Van Horn got it Done oh My gosh that is the most embarrassing call in the history of broadcast absolutely God for help and when I'm up in Boca tigus laughing all the way with paint and lifts around the pool. I listen to the new Rogers one to two And you'll arrive just Aaron balance one to two hours And by the way to the losers on cloudy channel gimmick didn't work gimmick was acidine I appear on a program on network which happens to be carried by cloudy channel Guess what Far midday guy had a lot of laughs with it The laughter ends at some point my man And this dopiness perceived the stick is acidine Lot of train monkeys on that program Had you fun Thun's over absolute careful paybacks of bitch It's common It's common score score buckles seatbelts because when I drop it What happened in Hiroshima in 45 was nothing Because when I drop the bomb On certain folks here and certain folks elsewhere going be painful baby We don't want to get into personalities. Don't God forbid we should I want to do that do it. No no no 102 at five 60 W to Q and man. I'm gonna tell you something I'm just sitting here conjuring up for a business of sugar plums in my head. Yeah, can you see Mo versus a route in a morning they're good friends They're good close personal friends obviously they wouldn't like be taking those shots in each other Of course that can you just see that I got tomorrow's first poll come about I just hop out of the hole for hours tomorrow Yeah, that'd be the first time. Who would you like to see the most the retire most retire retire already? Who are you like drones of the sea again out of your life 237 votes? Mo Howard David it's got 69 69 Larry King 55 Jerry Louis 26 hang Goldberg 24 Bob Barker 21 the I'm man. I'm a saw ready with 19 John Madden 9. I'm up to seven. I'm tired with regis You'll regis my still let's have him on a show again. What do you say? Not I'm looking for that thing It's taking about a nice regi and that they've been hard just went on there, but I guarantee you'll do some that I'm just shocked Every time I hear that spot and I think to myself well, that's got to be one of those things What they just you know they put it together because they didn't have the real clip on the real game That is the real clip from them Florida Marlins winning the world series and it is so unspired so boring so staccato so unacceptable And a Marlins wonder why during the regular season there's a little bit more excitement I got news for a man one of the things that makes people fans of any sport our setting broadcasters and when you got a deadhead like David born doing the games I mean these are the same people that blew Joe Angel out he got kind of first go they should bring them back First thing that gets a good idea never too late bring the angel man back Dave and boring my ass this is a guy whose last word job before came to South Florida was doing the my fjall Expo's on the internet Not on a radio station on the internet WKOM You know you're pulling to woman how about barber Walters? Oh yeah, okay George hopped right on that Oh, thank you so much and ever great to you want to change your boat barber Walters even around 2.5 long How many years to lie? 30 man. Yeah, we're getting sick and tear to that bitch. A lot of similarity between her and Larry has an the way they talk Yeah, yeah, but he's got better suspenders You night media one of the nation's largest gay oriented media companies is buying software as express gay news Oh, right express publisher Norma Kent wouldn't have else the terms of the oh, which is scheduled to close today I'm gonna be very well. Oh, yeah, it's so embarrassing It's so embarrassing with somebody's got such a freaking ego, you know it I'm gonna be very well offer very long time said Kent 54 lawyer and radio tacos to launch the expression January 2000 as he recuperated from cancer. I went from the hospital to millionaire in four years Aren't you just a guest at those comments on the gagging Kansas express gay news has a weekly circulation of 20,000 from South Beach to Palm Beach United media is a sister company Washington DC based window media which owns the gay oriented weekly's Washington blades Southern voice New York played at Houston voice the papers reach 400,000 meters according to window media website They can take the express to where I can't can't sit back them Many local bars restaurants and guest houses are hesitant to advertise in single local newspapers Soon now, but you'll be able to buy ad packages and all they window media publications They can be in every paper from New York to South Florida can't sit Kent's name or may not on the express mass, but he won't have an active rule in the paper. He'll be too busy Try to get the new Rogers show syndicated Worldwide Everybody's gonna be doing. Yeah, sir. Right 560 5060 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. It's a rumor filled Tuesday Man, I thought this is gonna be a big day tonight You're right. I could feel it. You could smell it and then went Ted David called it and that like really said got the balls rolling But he called it and said state of hell away from the market. It's for suckers only WQAM QAM I need help Wait, what happened? Are you still there? Yes, I am. Okay. I had a finger problem go ahead. Oh, okay This is one year trading monkeys and I do have an addition for the poll Okay, oh Harvey to a day. Oh Excellent choice all right that's good. He just turned 200 by the way Have a great holiday. Thank you. You too. Bye. Bye. Hi, Paul Harvey Good day. That's another piece of crap. They got an IOD over there cluttering up a lot of time time And what what is that the jackass start that other right winger that they put not used to be on FLA? Oh, I'm gonna tell this. What was it? Here we Guy Eighth Monday the eight was that something like that. Yeah, I would these got a new show made promoting that for them heavily Another right winger. Just what they need was one more right wing Just make it perfect. Just to make sure that the government looks favorably on all the cheap channel Radio station applications for renewal and spite of all their fixed contest and rig stuff And I sure hope for his sake and for the broadcast industry sake that it for well-released there at 940 He takes a little bit of my advice which he wouldn't take what he was on this station, but he won't he won't Good guy, but he just you know, he just has this kind of a death wish ever seen together with Charles Branson. No WCOM We're gonna show friendship 2 a.m We go home Oh, yes, sir. Oh Because he's three up. Yeah, I How about our family? Oh, for the poll. I'm sick of seeing his Hey, get eight. Don't fan. Okay. It's tired of seeing them lips Want to put everybody in that much more names on a poll, right? They're the reader Dan Moreno. He's not playing football, but he's on every every station He's doing 50-minute commoissals I did this on a CBS pre game show. He's everywhere He's on your pop-up toaster. He's like Elvis easily What is it? I managed to avoid him pretty easily Dan Moreno Danny boy. You wouldn't even know if he walked in right now He got a big kiss with us funny looking lips. Yeah, you know Danny boy as much as you hate sports You know Danny boy sure and you don't lie Because I was here. No, you don't watch sports because you can't avoid it. See But that was done Do you know Jay Feeler? No, ever see him? No, see I rest my case, but Danny boy. No, no Danny boy because because you're saturated in soft-loaded with Danny boy It's like to brainstorm the shoes myster if you heard Shula's voice. You know it. What year? Yeah, his voice is post Yeah, hey, we eat a week. It's funny. We move slow, but we're moving in the right direction When we walk to lunch sometimes book-bring order's food in Don Shula I got a look for something else to do and that boy done Yeah, for justice we must go see the Don Anyway, more Howard David. Who should retire already? Most got 73 Larry King 58 59 as I spoke We had none there Danny boy marino jury Louis 28 the hoppers got 27 Hank Bob Barker 23 the I man 21 I'm a sussumin up the list John Maddenton. I got seven would read you still been seven day van horns still have none out of 25 Yeah, we can add some more on the list now who is the you we don't have what's your name on list yet? Barbara Wawop and I don't you actually need to air three people Then to him well he probably like I thought we were pretty much done, you know But we're not we got like a whole bunch we got many more names with yet under before two o'clock I turned man sure you bet WQ a M WQ a M Yes, sir They going WQ a M WQ a M Hello, new yes, sir. I Doing alright. I'm calling cuz I think that black guy up in sussuminati. I think that was Bino cooked dip and chocolate That could have been Bino cooked dip and chocolate. I mentioned it ever see him would be no together. Oh same guy Once he be no no, no, all the way think to the schedules is being always a Thursday December 4th So we'll find out if this guy's right or not on Thursday Cuz in at 5 to 6 hour hanks got the Bino mice to run Please don't ask me why cuz that's got to be one of the worst hours in the history of or but it kills a good hour That's what hanks said kills some good time and Clarence said that hour gets a good number you ready for that? Okay, so a coach to show you if the sport holes are desperate enough to listen when Pino cook is on a really must be Like that because Bino cook is as boring as dog poop man He is just terminal and has absolutely nothing to say Do you know why the hump are put some on it kills an hour and he says being on those is good real good 12 minutes after one at 5 60 W. We got Barbara Walters under yet And I'm sure that he's working feverishly on that right now. He's additions to our list you probably caught him off guard You did I did Yeah, no, he's got he's got some other ones on there. He got the Paul Harvey and Barbara Walters and David and Horn and Dan Marino and Them and they don't have any it but they will They've had Hornle get some of your until that right now In fact, I get plenty of people call him to Marlins front the office right now saying get back to angel please until David boring don't go away mad just tell him bye bye That's all just leave fast and take your lovely wife with your leave or behind if you're like you can leave it's your wife and your hairpiece Dave, but otherwise get out of town fast Hey imagine this imagine time-directling out in the middle of your driveway in a pool of his own blood Imagine contract lying in the bottom of your pool speaking of pools Imagine zero closing cause zero application fee zero credit bureau fee on a nice mortgage zero discounted points It's the last mortgage you'll ever be needing it's the revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group now With an interest rate just 1.95% that means if you have a 200 thousand dollar loan your payments are a rock bottom Only 738 bucks a month and once you be fine, once you get you into home mortgage from financial group You'll never ever pay closing cost again call 1-800-940 land grab yourself real financing Power would lower rate mortgage you can move to your next property without further cost of expense the only one mortgage from financial group For the tails call 1-800-940 land. It's a whole new way to buy you pay zero underwriting fees Zero dot fees zero prepim and pedally and zero closing cost even when you moved to another property So get financing it just 1.95% and never pay those closing costs again call financial group today and get all the info about it call 1-800-940 L-E-N-D the Renequel housing lender Rescriptions do apply rates up to change monthly 5.19 APR Go fuck your behind go back behind it again or under Happy we be We have a fight that you survive We'll do our next hero and kill it And push it tight That's rap-y to kill it Do it, do it, do it, do it Do it, do it, do it, do it Do it, do it, do it Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it I'll show what you and me For me, is much better since you've said not by It's only right that I should get more sleep at night I think we might be happy to get there You're a flipper, I've been together What you need me now What you want for me? What you want for me? What you want for me? What you want for me? What you want for me? What you want for me? What you want for me? What you want for me? What you want for me? What you want for me? One 18-5-60 WD-9 by the way, Mow Geldie hates you like poison And wishes that you would just die or go away real soon Or both of you will still my Howard David Voodoo doll Who did Geldie? Did he really? Right. Is he sticking as he pricking it? Yeah, he got his own pins too 276 votes on the pool and Mow is lead the way He's got his pool away from Lury now Lury, you know he ran a vetted race to Luminat stretch And then like the chant that he is Mow just a little bit away by 21 boats 80 to 59 WDQAM Yeah, I wanted to just say I was telling you the ad diand reads That leaves it on at 100 year old leaves on the radio Diana Reeves? No, Diana Reeves, she's on the diand range You know, she's a Jewish race farmer Diana Reeves? Yeah, does this just Neil? I have no idea who that is You know, that's that old lady found the regular radio She could've got you can hardly talk to her How long good morning? You have any idea who he's talking about? Nope. That sounded a little bit to me like Reverend Jones I was about the fictation didn't it? A little bit but I don't think that was him That was Reverend Jones See anybody that we don't know what they're talking about Or who it is, it's Reverend Jones Just to cover our ass 560560 Mobile Mobile fertile for a section gambling Using your cell phone to play the lottery and browse pornography Could be a market worth billions of dollars in two years According to a junior per research So what you and Duffer talking about this morning after I hang up my microphone Here is so you get on the ground floor right now Right? Says the business will develop only if regulators and mobile communications companies do the right things The European provider or business intelligence caution Safety security and child protection must be the number one priority Said Paul Skeleton Senior analyst and mobile entertainment specialist Blocking span is also critical as these the development of trustworthy And reliable payment systems he said He estimated Mobile and adult content sales For total $791 million in 2006 with more than half coming from video But the big pay off will be in gambling services That's almost six billion dollar market with lot of reason competitions worth two point eight billion And wage your another two billion dollars So in other words the hupper and they have to call his book ear Interrupted a show for a call from the book in the middle of the show He could just punch in the numbers right there on his cell phone You can do that right now I could do it right now with myself Can you play the lottery on the cell phone now I'm not sure about the lottery but certainly gamble I can actually go into the court of court of this you will be able to Yeah The 50,000 people living in Sarito's California are expected to have Citywide wireless internet accessible nice month Air net wireless is agreed to play shoe box size radio transmiters throughout the town In the LA area what's believed to be donations for such installation All right Air net believes there are not a dozen California cities where could do the same thing Court of the LA tons the city will pay for any about 60 access accounts that will be used by building inspectors Enforcement officers and others who work in the field The beginning complaints almost every week from people to high speed service can't get it City manager Arthur Galucci The local phone company Verizon communications is unable to provide the SL service to the To the southern third of the city and the local cable company has upgraded system Dandel high speed service. How do you like that? So they're going to put a little box I like it the whole city will be a hot box and a whole city will be one big hot box And there's nothing like a hot box I can't believe the Dave and boring is never he votes you on this thing he better get some he don't have one yet How is that possible? How is it possible at none of the people that we added on have got any votes? Barbara Walters don't have any Dave and horn Paul Harvey and Dan Marino don't have any I mean the vote totals are increasing but how come they have none the big oh? I don't know if this small potatoes. Can you explain that to me? I cannot. Maybe they're on my thing here. Let's go to the regular home page, okay? And make sure that those are showing up on there because I'm sure that Eric wouldn't be a dick in a row with us, what do you course that? Because it is a labor of love. I just want to check underneath screen and look who's on her looking a lot better Roy. No. 24 is the vote total and those four people are gotten on they have an report. What? I just thought reloaded it. 287 Dave had an event horn just got one. Well it's about time probably his wife Now here's the question of the day Oh, high-opanels starts probing the fatal beating. Now I can't believe that one guy we had caught earlier hadn't seen it on he must watch the comedy channel all day I think they were showing it on there too. He must live at a cave. I just don't get it. How anybody could not have seen the 600 pound I mean the 250 pound guy 600 to 50 who was really been a cook after dipped in chocolate and now he's dipped in Schmidt. Let's see him no more Subit in watchdog panel born from riots that followed the shooting of an unarmed black man in 2001 is looking to another death This time a black man died after wrestling with six officers trying to subdue him and like I said everybody who's out of the cave Has seen that video over and over and over again. In fact speaking of the K-L-Bushella Assamacena. That's right. It's got a lot of money. Now Daniel Jones 41 died at a hospital shortly after being taken because they Sunday They 350 pound man was struck repeatedly with night sticks in the confrontation captured by police cruiser video camera The cause in the thing. Well Jones death was under investigation preliminary autopsy and I wonder remember all the riots of course in California Or rather a king incident and I'm certainly not defending the cops who beat the crap out of rotten a king But number one he survived and number two we turned out to be a bigger scumbag than the thought he was right He's sued he got all that money and he still turned out to be a scumbag Or I got arrested over and over and over again Am I right? That's he right who are I am The cause of Nathaniel Jones this death is still in investigation preliminary autopsy results show he had in large hard his blood contained cocaine and PCP or Angel does Both of which can cause erratic behavior. You can sporadically behavior These citizen complaint authority created after the 2000 riots already was looking at the death with investigators going to the parking lot of a fast food restaurant Where the beating took place hours later panel chairwoman Nancy Minson said She said the complaint for began its investigation on its own but you can do one of those dolls police are when shots are fired We turned to you for a full and fair and thorough investigation Mayor Charlie Luke and told members last night Monday night's regular meeting of the panel was disrupted by four activists who demanded quick action It's apparent that you don't know what you're supposed to be doing and what your authority is saying it late Livington Jr. A member of the coalition for a Justinson and he was supposed to a boycott of the city When they start fighting us in the streets you'll say why didn't you do it the right way? Why didn't you come to city hall? Why didn't you trust us? Why didn't you talk to us Minson called police to escort livingston and three others from the room when they continued to shout at the panel Jones death raise no allegations of police brutality Just as the city was there and to recover from the effects of the April 2000 and one of my eyes in the boycott that follow in this case the cops are right After reviewing the video tape and Sing it from the very beginning where he was threatening the cops and he was totally off his own off his nut just crazy I mean they did the right thing In addition, which we still don't know that he died from the beating because it said there's no evidence of any internal injuries from the beating right And I think we would all agree he had a coming When we agree on that I agree and he disagreed. Let's see some hands. I don't see any hands up Everybody agrees now that Paul C and N took I mean to probably some O-Jump or Bakuturs We're probably trying to start a big thing in Cincinnati This was a different thing. This wasn't who was the guy from cheese house soon. They forget 1980 Here Liberty City over in Tampa. They got from the guy from there the right and what do you see? Mcduffy that's right. Arthur Mcduffy. He was an insurance sales guy. That's right did a wheelie They won't do it no more no They should hit what firm I mean that was a whole different story man. He had an expired driver's license or something like that And then Rodney King that's another story all together. I mean that was a beating that just went on and on and on But this tub of crap man. He was a bad news He was dangerous and now he's dead 27 after one at five 60 WM if you want to give your home a new style this holiday season by replacing that tired old carpeting Here's a great idea calm my good friends. It's a lemon. It's a rust this is the easy old maintenance alternative to very Very expensive natural wood flooring Lime and Seruss is the best place for you to find lemonade wood flooring from the top names in a business Parade or pergro Wilson art unicorn quitch step and all their flooring is installed by pergro certified installers too Here's another good reason to call lemon. It's a rust their prices will floor. That's how low they are Right now get their holiday special for just 1495 bucks you heard right just 1495 bucks gets you up to 295 square feet of beautiful Laminate wood flooring it is positively Unmalatable and Lemon Seruss will match any legitimate written offer as well So like I said they're unbeatable for a free and home estimate call lemon Seruss toll free 1 877 777 73336 they make it so easy how can you possibly say no? To give your free carpet disposal free furniture will be in a 25 year warranty So this holiday season give your home a new style with beautiful lemon wood flooring By calling lemon Seruss today toll free and tell them that cracky old Neil voted to call 1 877 777 73336 that's 1 877 777 3336 We're sports we need a 5c4 2 AM You're gonna give Ricky a blow welcome back to the smug mother not a victorious firing thanks to the more holiday to the shoe Hey, what kids with the ground show hat russia You and Cynthia and that I'm an old Jew why you my here's not back from the tailor yet. Yes, suckling Taylor yeah, I'm having it a him Besides it's it it's now it's today Why you haven't even noticed my big baggy low crotch pantsy I'm some moves too That's a scooch more room for my bag I do have for the game. Thanks. They want a sing a clean-bling-bling-bling-bling-bling-bling I'm gonna have me a hypnotic and a herncy Hennessy It wasn't that Jackie Cooper Am I a heptoman I gotta do what Teddy do what did he hang clan and a do Google my tent and we we beg on a Google pan That puts my skills in the middle of my iskabibble. I got more that record was banger then No, it's a kingdom Missed Missle missle missle grabbing on my ball That ain't old I want a die. I think it's done in drizzle drizzle no at in 133 2702 at 560 WCM got the man dog at 2 the Hubbard 4 and then we got some herkun basketball crap tonight Guess who's getting better from his that attack Oh, yes Is who illusionist boy four of sick-free and boy slowly becoming from that tag retag is kept him hospital I know October is partner say what that was not a tiger attack the tiger was rescuing him Look at that oh good just relax He's moving now little by little sick-free fishbocker said it and if you want NBC's today show He's speaking a few words, but this helps also every day Saturdays it and the Sundays it Roy has been off respirator for two weeks fishbocker said as we covered enough to spend Christmas in Vegas Where the door were performing at the time of the attack he's currently a patient at UCLA medical center in LA I think he's gonna recover everything fishbocker said I have no doubt Fishbocker downplayed bro Singeries from the October 3 attack describing the illusionist wound as a little punch hole on left side of his neck Fishbocker said a stroke that suffered after the incident resulted from blood pressure medication that sometimes made him feel faint Horn 59 was followed by one of the white tigers featured in the duo showed the Marais hotel casino in Vegas Fishbocker has succeeded the animal was trying to help horn But other animal experts disputed that and there was one even as although we heard this morning on city pulse That said that he actually suffered a stroke on stage and the animal was aware of the fact that he was in distress I was trying to save him and the dragon off the stage Right Sure, I know I want you to listen to this very carefully after we took that earlier poll about that courageous trip to Iraq by the El Presidente Yeah One of the most is special moments during President George W. Bush's secret flight to Baghdad according to the one house came when a British airways pilot spotted Air Force one soaring over the Atlantic The mid-air in counter not listen to this part very carefully The mid-air in counter which aids say nearly prompted the President to call off the trip became an instant news sensation meant memorialized by tourist pins which went on cell of the store and Crawford with an hours of bushes returned to his Texas ranch The mid-air in counter which aids say nearly prompted the President to call off the trip But days after the setting the identity of the powder remains a mystery even to British airways In airline spokeswoman said this weekend that no crew member had come forward to report the unusual encounter as a standard practice Bush aged recounted with excitement the moment during the flight to Baghdad When the British airways pilot thought he spotted the President's blue and white Boeing 747 from his cockpit Did I just see Air Force one the pilot radioed? There was a pause then came to response from Air Force one Gulfstream 5 a much smaller aircraft as one of Bush's aids we counted the B8 pilot seemed to sense that he was in on the secret and replied oh He's saying oh Yeah, not not not Nudge Nudge Within with three hours to go a Bush had the secret service check of his mission was still secret They assured me that there was still a tight hold on the information that conditions on the ground was positive as positive could be he said afterward Bush's Thanksgiving trip to Baghdad captivated people in Crawford and tourists who came to its tiny downtown to buy up momentos of the trip Momentos in fact he's got a written on his wrist where the hell he was Large pins featuring the President's plane and the B8 pilots words that I just see Air Force one were sold out by midday Saturday All right, hook them horns And response to press inquiry as British airways check with its cruise but so far like we told it before no one's come forward They're like oh no, we don't know not we didn't just we didn't know no no no godfather or Air Force one. Oh Look at that it's selling in marches to New York Well, it's been quiet. Well, what's that was anal about what would they have on a thing from marches to New York now? They've kind of peeked my interest. Oh, and look at who you have you seen this? Are you on CNN? I am now what oh, it's too late. They just showed that clip again of Linda trip on with our good friend. Uh-huh The king mice to last night She's she's got a whole new face right not just a new nose. She's got a whole new press It was at overhaul wow Holy moly but guess what yeah, she's still really ugly. Oh, yeah, she in fact she could live in Montreal easy Hey, they invited me they said oh come on over here and stay here. We we and I said no. Thank you more sure Oz is speaking of lovely people Oz Yasborn is told to British do's paper that he was sexually molested repeatedly as a child and Suffer emotional effects from the abuse longing to adulthood. How do you like that? Do you know that that explains everything? Did you know that no now you do? I read a case. Hey, but it says this is not an educational program man. You're full of it. You're full of Schmidt like that And what are they doing with all these Nealisms on a goddamn promo stuff you noticed this? Yes, I noticed one a little bit earlier and now it's starting to get out great on me a little bit That's great. No, it is not great Jesus K Christ man. What does wrong with you people anyway? Ozzy who grew up in a working class neighborhood of Birmingham. That's England not Alabama Said too old or used to begin abusing a mattress school when he was 11 and continued on a regular basis He's quoted as saying in the Daily Mirror He told the paper he was afraid to report the instance to his parents and only this year began to come to terms with the emotional effects of the abuse Everything when you're a kid effects you later in life said Osborne the former black sabotage singer if you build an fn wall with effy Anointed instead If you build a wall with rocky foundations, you're gonna have a pretty unstable fn wall when it's finished. He said Ozborn last month post-border planned European tour to the next year because he defects in medication he's taken to treat tremors He and his family even drew it a higher profile since they opened up their home life for the MTV reality series the Osborne's now in a third season I got a question to ask about them. Okay How was channel surfamiles in Montreal on the CTV which is a Canadian network they carried that show the Osborne's and They don't believe anything out on CTV right lucky you it's not a cable channel. It's an over the air channel Okay, so why do they why do they do I guess cuz it's candidate right? By me he's not saying f in this I mean he's saying the words man and they won't well when it doubt they don't believe it Or it's a candle it there. That's the Canadian f in way right as opposed to the very repressive American Wait So privilege to be so protected right which is why that words What is that that's a second time that happened man? Oh man. Well, the guy sold me a Kirby Only 250 Canadian 560 5060 pound five 60 on the AT&T and for an immigrant Tommy cane stars with murder. You know him No no can to steal but anywhere we'll get all of this stuff we could take another call or two today, but I don't know got heavy and a lot on our plate Lot on our plate and Linda trip on seeded. Oh, she is really just oh, man Root test who would you most likely like to see retire already? Mohour David it was in a real neck and neck nose. There was bad with Larry King and Larry might still pull it out But I should know want to see it But now Moist pull away as we expected. 125 votes Mohour David at 91 Larry King 68 Jerry Lil has 37 Don I miss and Hank Goldberg tied with Bob Barker 24 John Madden 16 New Rogers 10 Regis has got a fame and horn and barber Walgreens tied with four piece Paul Harvey two and Danny boy marino got one Don't be picking on poor Danny boy Although after the sender they probably gonna be wanting Danny boy to come back. I have that feeling I could be wrong after the Sunday up in the wingman I could be wrong about that But I think they're gonna be going boy Jay was uh, we just had just a fluke Put on your took it was just a fluke big news how the potty act you see is now Autos they were all wearing tuks in Montreal over the world. You have a two yes, I have that's better In fact, yeah, you have to have a two when it's 100 below zero Right, we're in it and then outdoor hockey game and Edmonton the last weekend. Wow, Tukes are decay. They had their Tukes on Some people were tucks some people were tukes Big news how the potty act you see is now auto city potty act you see of pinecris Our good close personal body Tom Lamin is sold to the leadership to Lambert to Perez of all the city view of potty At GMC of homestead long bertha par as I just like saying that it rolls off your tongue Expect the same great kneel deals in customer satisfaction your custom to his health's long time General sales manager or old pie Zon Joe period was still in charge. He still got his hands on the uh thing on a controls Stop by auto city potty act GMC of pinecris for great neo rages deals on all makes and models in stock Take advantage is zero percent financing from the 72 months or save yourself up to nine thousand dollars with rebate and incentives right now So you heard correct the kneel deals continue with new auto city potty GMC of pinecris 134 on south tixie highway that's you us when across from the fall shopping center open every day seven days a week If you want more info on these special deals call the neo rages deal deal hotline tool free one triple eight five three four 42 11 that's one triple eight five three four 42 11 keep in mind all our presented credit approval C-R-Friends at auto city party at GMC of pinecris for details that's the brand new and exciting auto city party at GMC of pinecris low prices without the high pressure 6-U-A-M neon Finally, I'm using company is putting something besides beautiful music in the air far-land music presents classic cuts featuring gut-wrenching tunes like feelings Classic cuts from far-land music gives you an extraordinary collection of haunting melodies that hang in the air long after the tune is played No other collection can hold a match to this version of memories Classic cuts from far-land music is the record offer you just new had to come out sooner or later Especially when you hear your CD player expel on change melody Classic cuts from far-land music when you hear it you know there's nothing to do but crack a window and share the experience with others older today More Bobby Hatfield said about that Boy if he could 146 at five 60 WQ and Tommy Kane charge with murdered you know that no In Montreal no less former football player Tommy came pleaded not guilty yesterday the second to be murdering his spouses death one at shocked Montreal's black community where he'd been revered for years And that's kind of strangers a black community in Montreal because when I got off the plane at the airport there Dore Valley said in my country we have no need to go friends and admirers expressed disbelief and news of the rest of came 39 Around football camps for youth following the conclusion of his career with a Seattle sea hawks and the anxious Toronto Argonauts Tomorrow Shahi 35 died Sunday after police found around a floor of a West End apartment her body Should signs the violence but there was no indication weapon was used that a police spokesman Kane and Shahi can't force you around the age of eight family friends city yesterday can appearing tired and drawn War of blue tisha to mushackle hand and foot during his vehicle to parents to return to court December 11 Chage death reverberated re revivier vv added to Montreal's close net English speaking black community Which remembered can is a terrorist volunteer and philanthropy his hometown It was a shock for me is with everybody else cancester Karen Desmond told reporters after the court appearance Ready for that English speaking black community the English speaking not the bubonics speaking That the no, not the Chinese speaking black no not the Chinese speaking not the Franc speaking black community Hey, you better get with a mr because in Quebec in the province of Quebec it's French first and English much later a I didn't think I'm glad you brought that up because just like in Paris and I only had to want experience it was in Paris. Yeah, just like there the French speaking people in Quebec in Montreal will go and the no extra like to help you out in fact They'll embarrass and humiliate you we went into a Rubens I'm interested they really good the very worldwide world famous Delhi in Montreal And it was a way to listen older a bitch about lady that waited on us and she approached first in French Which I can understand because it's a friend speaking place, but When I became very obvious that we didn't speak French at that point she Continuous speaking mostly friends And then when she came back and had the food how we we had that little bad But yeah, yeah, but I see but cool up your hands in like that and I thought that's a little bit rude It's like I'd like being a date county right pretty up not just and Montreal like I've told you Post before is living proof that that whole bilingual thing doesn't work by sexual works Yes, bilingual does not work okay, maybe by tunneling will that my work but bilingual does it work? No No way Jose no way Jorge don't work just tell you just get said yeah, yes Cascas a gay and I said we we Would you like to mostly retire already as our poll question on the aradios.com More Howard David and man you can't touch it with a stick. That's a good he's got 97 Larry King 70 Jerry Lewis 38 Don I'm as the I man 34 just turn 148 the hump or Hank over who's got Bob Barker 26 John Madden 16 the aradios 10. I'm starting to move up there a little bit Registilman's got eight Barbara Walters six David horns only got four That's criminal Paul Harvey two and Danny Boomeran has got 1342 Danny's got one only just to make you happy I think Huh, okay, nobody don't like Danny boy. I mean granted. He's a little irritating. He's got those funky lips and we're you know a little tired of him already But no, just go away, Danny. How much see you wonder with me? Like Regis we just was on with King a few nights ago, okay? In fact he was on at the beginning of that. I was talking about that yesterday that they take Spakes surprise 70th birthday party and he thought supposedly we just was gonna be the rest of the whole hour It was the most fake Surprise I've ever seen in my life, but other with he knew exactly what was going on and Dr. Phil came in and he changed the chairs with the oh I just can't believe this. I'm so shocked you know Win quick nudge nudge But I'm sitting there watching Regis and I like Regis, you know other than his Notre Dame thing I like Regis a lot of always said that he's a good guy To put up with Kathy Leolo's ears what's not to like but I I look at him sitting there. I know he's had one heart attack And I'm thinking okay when does that time come? One is the little message in your head finally say Regis. Okay. That's enough I got me I mean I'm I'm not talking about people are struggling to save it out of money to like be able to retire You know and who don't need it. I'm talking about somebody who makes millions and millions and millions and he's sitting there Right across somebody else who's made even more millions I believe which is really kind of a scary thing We know what a scumbaggy is I know how to do it. Talk shit. Yeah good and the two of them are sitting there I'm thinking when is enough enough when you have enough money to finally say okay screw it Let me just go and you are whatever time I got left you know right right right how much do you need for crying out loud? Don't be frustrated. Oh, Christ So when Larry's case, which our kids stomach him on a one-hand you know, we can see that oh and then he also had on all my god his son and daughter Larry Ziggler Uh No, no now he's called himself Larry King Jr. Who used to work at WNWS Who used to look pretty good by the way long time ago, but anyway the story was then he everyone was kids wedding Right remember that and Oh, I love you dad. I love you that I sure hope I'm in the will and the daughter's or whoever that was I just meant they had a seat to really want to just puke your guts out Especially after some big meals in Montreal In French 150 to at five 60 WCM hits a great time of the year. They all say unless of course you hate the crowded malls and log register lines The crowded driving conditions and parking hassles So make your gift giving a little bit easier this year for you and your loved ones a gift certificate from Donald mattress Colour right now 1800 mattress give the gift that they'll be taking you for a year in and you're out night in and night out God knows what they'll be doing on it Donald mattress has got gifts certificates in any denomination Jewish, Goya, Muslim and a new bed for the master bedroom It's a perfect gift. They'll both enjoy for years at Donald mattress no phony promises no bait and switch does this count prices every day on a brand name You know when trust now including but an asterons and foster and don't forget Donald mattress has got the lowest prices anywhere on turns and foster when you call Donald mattress toll free 1800 mattress you'll pick the day in time for everyone It's convenient for you with a day to our window seven days week from eight a.m. until 10 p.m On a sales practices Fantastic everyday service unbelievable unbeatable low prices same day delivery and free set up and move We'll all make it easy to see why Donald mattress is ranked the best in the world of customer satisfaction So for service like you dream about do what I always do call the bedding experts at Donald mattress toll free It's 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TTR ES or online. It's mattress dot com happy holidays from all your pizons at Donald mattress 1 a.m Want a lollipop little boy Coming next year the king of pot With a tray your home down to ring to benefit the cardinal classy school for wayward boys It's Michael I'm Yes, Michael performs all of his greatest hits from oldies with the Jackson five That's right for the time the students of a Jackson five in the classics will work Michael Jackson's benefit to our aims to please Im Make it by the phone And they can buy the phone I feed a feed And be one of the five black boys To receive backstage passes To hang out in Michael Jackson's dressing room Michael Jackson's been a pinch Um, hey, yeah, I might help you Bobby, is that your real skin color? It's inside the cat But I know game that we can play to find out And once you play, you know it's time to free Willy's face What you want, but you know who I To the affection we need No, no, how to read What the hell boys give me rights And here's the rousing finale As Michael sings the song he wrote for the show And the Vienna Boys choir The Akinema I don't like girls I like milk children They are the ones who turn me on and make I hope they will win Kids are chosen to be I might school up their lives But it's true they may be the greatest name And they're just like And here are other great Michael Jackson classics White Billy's James And of course smooth criminal And just as Michael Jackson's true It's a benefit that cargo class is school And for wayward boys Get your tickets now boys under ten of it free When a company buying no one They're white They're real, they're really tiny Oh, right They're white They're really tiny Oh They're white They're white They're the rushes show I'm trying to show you who you have My name is Fort Lawrence That damn fact, I can't stand him I'm so lonely