Because If you come and apply for the job of the sports sales representative on WQAM, you too can enjoy Fabulous in different meetings every Monday morning When Louie and the sales manager like throw stuff that you could not up to your quota Because food it people I saw do that for you. Yeah, yeah, I know you showed that can I get a name? We'll do that tomorrow morning because in that tomorrow Name you get a fly and we will name names you will throw people under the bus And then I hear anymore. That's why we need new sales purposes true to Great for exactly the great job, Goldie you folks Josh Beckett. Thanks to you too Have a nice day paradise everybody on QAn Is Marcoli for the food and coating which is really beautiful Good sex dilatatory She gained a claim with her breakout performance in the people vs Larry Flint. Now, Courtney Love takes the theater by storm, appearing in the classics at the Seattle Reptoy Playhouse. See her rifting performance as Lady MacBeth in, a Scottish play. Is this a mother f***ing jaguar I see before me? As Blanche to war in, a street car named desire. I've always relied on the kindness of strangers. Sucker! And of course, Saint Joan, by George Bernard Shaw. Get that torch away from me, mother f***ing f***ing fucking bastards! Yes, Courtney Love plays the classics. This spring at the Seattle Reptoy Playhouse. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I can't have my f***ing face. Or are you a chick as today? Son of a f***ing mother f***ing. Hey, she can't help but she's got a potty mouth, okay? That's what she said. That's what she blamed for, or are we still been in London yesterday? She's got a potty mouth and she can't help it. If you're noticing right off the bat that we're not doing the noon to one hour and the nine to ten hour, I should've been kidding that idea. That idea. First liked it, nobody liked it. I don't care. You got your free food, show up. Thanks, Howard. We didn't get the risk of thysmo and gildy for the free food from Corky's, even though it was for us. See, haven't only what happened, is somebody heard me begging and then you chiming and begging and begging and cleaning almost even worse than rumour for free food. Well, tight as a rumour store and a little bit by the way, about pizza lock. But anyway, and they told them that it was for the guys on a morning show. So they sent a note with a food for Howard, David and this Steve Goldstein from our friend of Corky's. What it wasn't for them at all. They didn't even know what that was all about. Now, gildy was nice enough to come in here and say, yeah, yeah, thanks. What ever he said, you know, some more in a hallway and even say anything about the food and thank me didn't, huh? Didn't bond, didn't ask how else feeling. In fact, I think it was a plot. You know, it was because there wasn't any brisket, it was potato pancakes. It was potato lockers and French toast chunks, which I've never seen that before in my life. And man, it was good. Yeah, they were. How did you describe that? They're like, they didn't even need syrup or anything. No, no, because they're already sweet. They're like red and sugar. You hear a carbohydrate, which I'm like, oh man, sprinkled lightly with powdered sugar. Oh. So, and I came in this morning, my blood sugar was great. This is going to be the new deal. And we'll die in the town. We'll be what ailment does Neil have this morning. That's going to be it. Yes, it was those stogies. Man, those things are killers. A little cherry stogies. No more of those, Derek. Okay. No more of that crap. We had our first call in the evening. How about you QA and? Okay. Not just thinking, Neil. How about you, Pern? I'd like to speak to me, oh. Where are you calling from? On 95. Okay, let's go to a call on 95, hello. Neil? Yes, sir. Yes? Yes? Is this Neil? Yes, it is. Neil, uh, piglet, corner of a commercial and power line. Chicken, chicken, you know, the fighting in the United States. Okay, thanks for the alert. You're welcome. Okay. Too very slowly, by the way. I got a better story on that thing in San Francisco, about the marijuana trial. I got a better story than the one I had. Thank you whoever facts that will get to it. Now, that whole business about the 9 to 10 hour. We just, we can't capitulate to that. We're just going to have to do our four hour show. We can't like start and stop. It just doesn't work. That was a bad idea, George. No, actually it was Carlos's idea. Wasn't it? Yeah. It is. You know, just because you've been here for a couple of months and got a couple of Piches, don't start playing program director. We got enough program directors already more than we can count. So don't start playing a book boss. Oh, yeah. I think you guys ought to like it. Oh, yeah. But up. Here's the pull result from yesterday. See if they want to hear the show they got a 2-in-9. If they have other things, if they're doddling in other places, well, this to them. Okay. When they get here, they'll get here. So I'm coming into the movie in the middle of the movie. What's the point? Huh? Like turning out small for the last time the movie. Oh, yeah. Who I'm sorry? It is. George missed half a small VL last night. He's out. You're out. It was a good show. That was the best small VL ever, I think. That Clark is always good. That Clark is always good. He had the red, the socket rocket in his pocket or something like that. And boy, he just was going to ape shaman. Then all of a sudden, damn it. That thing fell out. Just about when she was about to unbuckle his pants too. Chloe. Wouldn't you know it? Yeah. Wouldn't you know it? Chloe. And luckily, you know, she lost all her memory. Of course, Lana, she lost her memory at birth because she didn't have any. No. She's got like little ways in that sense by the way, you say. I still say Chloe's not a city. But who really gives a crap. But watch had big boobs, Lana. You say she had some. I think that Lex Luth is got bigger and not son is forehead than she's got under chest. But anyway, well, I'm supposed to like it. And I don't have my poster from the Sun's Channel. I must have thrown it out with a brand's mart's section. Huh? Well, they showed last night what it looked like and everybody had all our clothes on. So what else needs that? We're not interested in it. If people got all got their clothes on. We asked yesterday, which of these people are you most convinced is gay or bisexual? The usual stellar response, 1282 votes. Now guess who didn't get any. This may come as a tremendous shock to you. All right. Jeff Goldblum. Yeah. I don't get that either. I don't think they know who that is. He was in the fly. I remember the fly? Of course not. He was doing that. Never thought he was very annoying and very like Joey looking. Well, Shepherd Smith from MSNBC. Slepper Smith. He didn't get any. And I don't think necessarily that I ever thought that he was gay. Just strange. He's an alien. Like what's his name? The dark kid was saying on the small of the last night's screaming in the Clark. He's an alien. He was screaming that. Yeah. He's got the group. Shepherd Smith who's an alien on MSNBC. He didn't get any. And Daniel Gay Lewis didn't get any. I'm going back up on top. Guess who won Carlos. Guess who won by a landslide. Who these people out there think are most convinced is gay or by. Jorge. I'll give you five. Five thousand guesses. What is? Told George. George Rodriguez. 220 votes. Let's hear it for George. Oh. But. You still like it. You got good company though. I know. Dennis the chronic color slash Catholic champion. chronic Dennis. They think they're on gay drug Dennis. He has a wife. I've told him many, many times. Nobody. That hysterical. Let him a phobic. Of course it's kind of that Catholic church priest that cover up. You know. I think he's a level unto himself with that. Easy. 118 votes for Dennis the chronic. Tom Cruise 105 who's holding another press conference in about five minutes to tell you that he's not gay. See, I hate to break the news. Tell you when our team is out there. But when you hold press conferences. And when you file lawsuits. But when I score on the only homesick. I love him. And for that queen. Tom Cruise had 105. Prince had 90. Ricky Martin who was the late edition. And I have no idea why I was Carlos's fault. He had 57. Troy, a twin toy the boy had 50. Janner Reno 49. She was a right on Troy's ass. And Jeff Garcia who's also a little bit of late edition. Jeff Garcia. He is just. Strange. 49. Little Brian or Cross had 42. More Griffin 35. Hillary Clinton 33. Bill. Come all. Who gets beat out. I'm Brian or Cross. Who's obviously still the official weather furry. But Miss Kamal who's weather furry. Junior head 31. Jodie Foster 31. You don't think she's a dyke do you? Uh, then I said Jeff Gordon 28. Mike Piazza 28. Mayor Alex Pingu Piccania 25. Nice going. Alex. Justin from American Idol. What's his name just in. Uh, Grimes just in. Grimey just in. I don't know what it is. We don't care. He's rude. Also bizarre. I guess who's going to be on smallville next week. I give up. I don't know what his name kid used to playing guiding light. Oh, oh. I have no idea. Wasn't that important? Uh, Brian Andrews little Brian Andrews had 20 votes over there. Charles seven news. He's floating around over there. Justin take a while out. Sixty six. Sticks Dean Matt Damon 16. Oh, Matt Matt Damon should be a lot higher than that. I'm convinced now. He's another Asian and new movie. Why is it that every movie he was in he plays on a flag? Why is that? I'm going to say that. Okay. Uh, very man. Low 15 Ricky Williams 15. That's that's bad. I'm going to complain to dolphin management about that. That Ricky Williams is a better boychup a little bit. Just because he ran for two thousand yards than near. Puff Diddy Daddy. He had 14 Richard gear 14 from American Jericho. Poor El Stewart 12. A lot of football players on here, huh? Paul Schaefer from David Letterman. Even though he's got a wife and 14 kids. We don't care. We still believe a 12. You do. Are you flying your 10 and Greek egg. You said 10. Remember in Rikai? Yeah, him Kevin Spacey 10. Steve Young 9. Another football player. Damn it. Ben Affleck 8. He's holding press conference right after Tom gets through. If fuck what they're going to do now. Is there going to press conferences with guys lined up? I'm not gay. And then I'm not either me. They're not me. I'll just say a lot of time. Leo DiCaprio had only seven J.L.O.7 votes. They think she's a dick. Wait till you hear who got six. Tied with piano Reeves is Kim Babou camper. It's the name. You know, the dead giveaway was going to come on here last weekend. It's a me Kim Babou. I think that was the giveaway. Yeah. Don't you think? Don't do that again. Kim always a big guy. He could be the crap out of all of us with one hand. Canterbury 6 George Clooney 5. My touch that five way Newton 5. John's World of Five Jimmy Syphalus had five. Hey, what's up Jimmy? Remember when Jimmy said I don't want to go into it. When it's supposed to get married the first time and like on his wedding day changed his mind, like the whole thing. And Tony cigaretteo said, well, uh, what? That's what he said. Well, he knew something. But he wasn't saying our senior hall at any Murphy, you have four in one owner right or as well. Kenny G. Have three. I mean, is there really worth going all the way down the list here? G Lance Bass 3 Paul Stanley from Kiss 3 Henry Winkler, Robby, Alamar 3, another Jack. Missy Miss demeanor Elliott. All of these had two. Okay. Missy Miss demeanor Elliott, two down Francisco, too. From Kipaso USA, I mean, Salvador gigante. Well, I like Kipaso USA better, much better show. Oh, no question. Hi, you don't rocky. At Chavaría, Stevie. Tommy Salak II, Elijah Woodhead appear and Mike Myers had two. And with one piece, the wonderful John Tesh. Let's hear the piano, the pianist's styleings of John Tesh. Jeff Goldblum had one. But Reynolds had one who's also holding a press conference. Dave Damien, the channel ten weather guy, which I have no idea. I only know Don. Don. Oh, see how I haven't used that in a long time. Don, no. Do you know who Dave Damien is? No. Toby McGuire and Sinbad and Scott Wolf had the one. Yani and Matthew Rubber. Scott Wolf only had one. And you want to know why? Because they don't know who that is. Who? Party of five. Party of your parents. Scott Wolf will float like a butterfly and things like a queen bee. It's 11.59 at 5.60 WCM. So that was kind of like for fun, you know? Just for fun. Unlike a course that bitch that nasty miserable bitch I got sued for a million bucks. Yeah. I think that's pretty cute. I'm guys what women really wanted Valentine's Day is for you to put Little Thong creativity into your gift. This year, express yourself in a fun and original way and say it with her Montana ber. Just call 1-800-829 beer and a friendly beer. Council will help you pick from over 100 beers. Handcraft it in Vermont and deliver it in a colorful gift box with a free card and chocolate. Tell her she lights your fire with a new burn. And then, I'm a good person in the business like a honky. Farman would love to have two on his arm or say I'm liled about you with a jungle love beer. They have an in officially license. Why is it? Oh yeah. Let they do the process the word processer and they don't We retipe these or read them. Or read them or put something. Why not? I don't know anything. I have an officially license. Love me tender Elvis bears. Santa you're from on teddy bears. Great of personal alternative to flowers. It'll be around long after Valentine's Day to remind you of her view. of this is the worst. Senator Bradley office of their co-workers can see just out thoughtful or romantic you're pretending to be. Over night in Valentine's Day libraries guaranteed to call 1-800-829-Bairt. By the way, they love us at Vermont teddy bear and we want to make sure that they understand it's not me. It's really bad copy, blame it on animal, okay? Give it to an AE, it's supposed to be higher one. Give it to somebody who knows what they're doing. Call 1-800-829-Bairt or shop online at Vermontt teddy bear.com. This year for Valentine's Day, say it with a Vermont teddy bear. Tell them that Neo-Tority to call 1-800-829-B-E-A-R and tell them that Adam and sales he's an asshole. My life and love all this is for 3-05-60. Wait, who am I? Take off those check-and-pants. Hey, you're calling that says T-Toy and I'm an ampute. I just picked up my 92-core from your life and that is on Tuesday in the back seat. Are you sure? Yes. And there's one in the back seat? A-A-Tower, a safer, a big-ass human turn in the back seat of my call. Man, I assure you, our guys did not take it down for your car. If you want to bring that car back, and we'll take a look at it. You owe you one thing to look at. My car is fine, it says it is turned in the back seat. Okay, what would you like me to do? I said, okay, how about I'm going to your house and pick the local you'll count about this? Man, what would you like me to do to fix the situation? I want somebody to come over here. Get the car out of my back seat. That's not going to happen. What are you going to do? You can bring the car here when you take a look at it. I am. I hope it bring it back there. You know what I'm going to do? I'm going to take a dump in every last call you got there. I'm going to peel your counter. I'm going to do it all. You can do how it feels. Okay. You know what you feel like a big girl in the middle probably came out your way. Oh, yeah. I don't make it to happen to go and I'm taking it and dumping the car. How do you weigh? About 400 pounds. That's your turn. That's right, sir. Yes. That came up from 400 pounds. Man, this is a 400 pound man. He's a 400 pound man. He's a little gorilla. I'm driving his car right to my lawyer's office and I'm going to let the whole world see you're going to be on a new decision, buddy. I'm going to get seven on my side. Why? You're going to be on a new one. Can you describe the pieces? I mean, what does it look like? You know what it is, it came out to your ass. What's that hell you've worked on? Answer me what color? I say what it smells undotly. That's what it smells like. It smells like you sold your ass to the devil. You're going to be from the picture of him. Well, how long is this? It's not as long as my arm. I don't think it's like, why y'all? This is not fun. I got them. Damn. Who's all for? And I'm back feet. You know, I think there's actually this a racial stick too. That's what they're like. Look, he is. I run it away from it. I'm going to find his money. I'm going to put it on. Okay. I want to put it on. You're having it. I'm going to see how well it is. Oh, all right. How long does it look like it's been sitting there? It's Steve is coming off of it. Okay. Steve, Steve is coming off of it. Yes. What do you mean? I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. It's a fresh turn. Okay. What you need to do? You need to bring that shirt back. And we'll match it up. We have a lineup. We'll match it up with the other turns we have. Well, what do you need to do is learn how to use a toy? We say, and I can bring that shirt back to me? No. You know what? Is this a sample? No. I'm starting to like it. I'm starting to like it. I'm starting to like it. I'm starting to like it. I'm going to keep it as a fat. Well, keep it. Because it's a nice, you know what? It's a nice conversation. Okay. Okay. Thanks. Oh, thank you. Thank you. Welcome. Okay. 20 after nine at five, 60 WCM. Here's one. It's a double check your paper for the poster. The small bill poster. No thanks. It's folded up to about the size of a trade paper back book. Easy to miss. Also, it says it was a good episode until the end. I can't see these two thrill-sacres wearing their seat belts. So why didn't they come crashing to the windshield? When he got the car. There's nothing like watching a show like Smallville where all the superhuman outer space alien oriented stuff are going on and worrying about whether they were in their seat belts and why didn't come. Let's start analyzing each scene. Take it. I like enough to this little bit. Also, I was thinking he chased the car off the cliff and pushed it across. Leaving him wondering if he really can fly. But like he told his a dark, complexed friend and Chloe there. He ain't no comic book character. Okay. He can't fly. You got it. Here's our pool today and of course we got the Secretary of State. The illustrious colon power. Gotta be speaking to the wind today starting about 10. We're going to be carrying that. No, because they said he's going to speak for 90 minutes. Do you think we ought to carry that? No. We'll carry like excerpts. You know, like every now and then, we're looking like he might be same time and having important like. We don't have a smoking gun, but we know they've done it. The whole thing basically would have boils down to his double negatives. In other words, like Hussein. Well, we don't believe in God and you say in a meet, prove there's no God. Aha! See? I'm sure that there's a whole bunch of drugs in there in that the room he is in there. Positive. Isn't there? I wish. No, prove there's not. Prove it's not there. So that's basically what it's all about. So we'll have like little like ships like this. There, like that. Here's today's pool. What's your take on the war with Iraq? Several categories is usual to give you an opportunity to like thumb around all over the world. Like thumb around all over the place we got six categories. All for it. Let's roll. I supported, but I'm nervous about it. Have not been convinced it's justified. I'm strongly against it. Let's take care of North Korea first or don't know. And of course anybody who doesn't don't know, like, like that. I worry about those people. But every pool that's taken like is it Wednesday or Thursday. Don't know. Not sure. He's always at least one or two percent or a turn of anything. Of course those are in our audience. What's your take on the war with Iraq? All for it. Let's roll. I supported, but I'm nervous about it. Haven't been convinced it's justified. I'm strongly against it. Let's take care of North Korea first or don't know. And by the way, speak to those people who are strong against it. They're all these war protests. These anti-war protests going on. Not just here in town, but all over America, all over the world. And yet for some strange reason, you're immediate can't seem to discover them. They can't find them. Right. Your local newscast when we have one like we had yesterday. Can't find it. Don't have time to talk about it. No, if three aliens of any ilk gather at an intersection. You mean like the railions? Right. Or then it's a lead story on the news. But are we anybody heard about the railions lately? No. Anybody seen those babies? Those cloned babies? No. Anybody believe it? No. Don't see them no more. Yeah. Sure you will. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. Ils. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. Their'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. They'll pop up again. I am pregnant. I am pregnant. Oh, I see. Do you still love me father? Of course I do. But since you're pregnant and not married. Yes father? I'm afraid I must drag you down to the town square and with the help of my friends and neighbors or stone you today. My daughter, it is written that this is the punishment for what you have done. Can you check again? I can't. You can't. Only the grounded. No. The drowning is not what. I must have been stone. It's the first step on it. The focus is on a fundamentalist and it'll be stone sand. May I speak with you, my esteemed husband? No, I'm just using my words. Oh, I have something to tell you. I am listening. I am having enough there. Oh, right. I am going. I am going. Out of the back yard. You collect some stones. You call you mean? Yes, I must drag you to the town square but when are you going to of course be stone today? No being as moron as I have followed the lives of the family. They deal with the many problems that plague them. Oh, may I speak with you, my esteemed father? Which side? The last night, you did legal drugs. Well, what do you know? You are a one lucky boy. Oh, why is that father? You are going to get stone two nights in a row. You are a good guy. The guy is in shea. The guy in shea, the shot on location in Baghdad. There you are. That in shea, 93 or 560 WQA. Lots of those downplayed workers say, I'll be before we do that. So yesterday, George of course, between George and Carlos in there, give me a lot of bum steers. Oh, tell us about this big conch of times that was going on next to on Clarence's office. There was yelling. There was not yelling. They were like having a power. They're having a strategy session. They were planning like a bunch of crap in there. Really loudly then. It all animated. Well, so what's wrong with that? It's about time they got loud and animated. They can hear somebody might hear them. Well, and of course, guess who called the station? Calling everybody could find it a building. Just salivating. Somebody who's like out there like a, a, um, Vulture waiting to hop in here on the carcass. I'll give you a clue. I dumped the bitch right now. Joel, really. Not telling you he's a real niente. Joel Rose was calling everybody. He's calling even the janitor. What's going on down there? What's going on down there? Is there that morning open again? Is that, you know? That's what he told me. I dumped the bitch right now. Get out there. Condon, Joe. We like you a lot, but you're an idiot. Launch was downplayed workers say engineer damage study flawed. See, I mean, they had the ceremony up there to Cape yesterday. And we saw the people crying in the president and Laura Bush. And everybody was duly, uh, grief-stricken. But the fact of the matter is basically that this was almost like a suicide mission. Negligence, lack of funding, lack of paying attention to a space shuttle. Mission managers at a key January 24th meeting hastily approved a technical analysis that some shuttle engineers now say overlooked the fatal potential of debris damage to Columbia. The engineers told the Orlando Sentinel that the analysis presented eight days after the launch was guided by false assumptions and was colored by the grim realization that nothing could be done to save Columbia's seven astronauts in a worst-case scenario. Other concerns about the severity of the debris strike were also downplayed, according to some shuttle workers. And there's a picture that they've got to show the big debt in the left wing. But for some strange reason the American efforts have all the client to show it, Canadian networks are showing it. It looks like somebody ran their Humveen to the side of your SUV is what it looks like. A big, big-ass dent. Unlike Challenger, there was no way to prevent this, but the same scenario played out of Johnson Space Center engineers said. A problem was identified by the time it got to management, it was sugar-coded. Huh, how about that? Just like the Orings on the Challenger, my right-scientist warned them about that days before the launch shot. And about if they freeze up in its two-cold and don't you dare, it's at a-well, they wanted to get it done at time for Reagan's inauguration speech. So let's take a shot, you know, stay to the union. What did I call it? And I'll give you a shot. Well, whatever the hell it was, it stayed in the speech. I forgot what it was. If it's good enough for him, yeah, I got all that potato pancakes in it, the French toast in my head. I think it's a plot. I think Mo must have liked plain enough. In fact, maybe they did call Core He's Never Bringing In. I dug the bit right now. I'm sure you would. I'm sure you would. So anyway, this story about the Pottrial and San Francisco, this is so typical of what's going on with your federal government. These days, with your Goose step in government. What's your take on the war with Iraq? Let's take a look at our poll first before we get into the Pott story. And this guy is facing up to 85 years in jail. And the entire jury says, we were given wrong information. If we didn't know what the consequences were and what the real deal here, we wouldn't have convicted them at all. But we'll get to that. 89 votes, strongly against the war, 29, haven't been convinced it justified 19. All for it, let's rule 16, that 17.9%. Round it off to all those there. Round it off to all. I support him, but I'm nervous about it. 11. Let's take care of North Korea first. 10. And don't know. No clue. 4. In an unusual show solidarity with Amanda convicted last week, five jurors in the trial of a Thisalmer Juan Advocate issued a public apology to him yesterday. And demanded that the judge grabbed him a new trial. The jurors said they'd been unaware that the defendant Ed Rosenthall was going marijuana for medic medicinal purposes, allowing a allowance since 1996 under California State law. When they convicted him on three federal accounts of cultivation and conspiracy, he's to be sentenced in June and faces a minimum of five years in prison and up to 85 years. I'm sorry, it doesn't begin to cover. It's one of the jurors, morning Craig, a property manager in the Vato California. It's the most horrible mistake I've ever made in my entire life. And I don't think that I personally will ever recover from this. The judge in the case judge Charles Bryer, a federal district court, has had bar Mr. Rosenthall's defense from mentioning the state law because he was netted under federal law, which was not, does not allow the going of marijuana for any purpose. When he was arrested last February, Mr. Rosenthall was cultivating starter plants in a warehouse that were to be distributed to seriously ill patients by medical marijuana clubs in the San Francisco Bay area. Mr. Rosenthall who lives in Oakland was acting in his official capacity as an officer of the city under Oakland's medical marijuana ordinance orphan official said. In a statement right outside the federal courthouse there, the five jurors joined by an alternate said, they would not have voted to convict Mr. Rosenthall they'd been allowed to consider the California law. The group said they represented the views of at least two others that served on the 12 member panel. In good faith, we as jury members allowed ourselves to be blindfolded away in the evidence before his statement said. But in this trial, the prosecution was allowed to put all of the evidence in testimony on one side of one of the scales. While the defense was not allowed to put it to testimony on the other scale, therefore we were not allowed as a jury to properly weigh the case. One by one, the juror stepped up to a lecture in a apologize to Mr. Rosenthall as wife Jane Klein and the daughter Justin who stood nearby. We as a jury were truly kept in the dark said Charles Sacket of Savastopol was the jury foreman. I never want to see this ever happen again. In a striking demonstration of how deep the divide remains between federal and California laws on medicinal uses of marijuana, the jurors were joined by the San Francisco District Attorney and two members of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors. Eight other states allowed the Sickened Dying the Smoker Grommer Juanauadoccus recommendation. This really is a travesty Matt Gonzalez de Bord's president said of the court's decision to exclude the state law from Mr. Rosenthall's defense. The jurors have been violated by this court, Mr. Gonzalez said. Before holding the news conference, the jurors attended a hearing during which the U.S. Attorney's Office asked that Mr. Rosenthall's bail be revoked. Judge Breyer ruled however the Mr. Rosenthall was not likely to flee and let him remain free on $200,000 upon pending his sentencing. Though none of the jurors made their feelings done with the judge at the hearing where five of them in the alternate sent in the front of the courtroom, Mr. Sacket said he was certain their presence helped persuade the judge to the Mr. Rosenthall or main free. We didn't say word Mr. Sacket said we're not disrespectful, we just wanted to make a statement. Mr. Rosenthall's lawyer said they'd file a motion to have the endemic against Mr. Rosenthall this miss. If that fails, they send the file motion for a new trial. If that should also fail, Laura said it will appeal the verdict to the United States Court of Appeals. How do you like that? But the U.S. Attorney's Office has Mr. Rosenthall's bail be revoked because he's a dangerous and hardened criminal. Right on. A seed planter, a pot grower, from an issel of purposes only, which is allowed under California lurer. But don't bother telling that to the jury because the federal government wants to put everybody's ass in jail, ladies and gentlemen. Zyna Merakabibi. 5 at the local, this is 560, the rea's on your top. Oh, you idiot! If I send this O'Slund squad to win a gold friend at home last night, Tuckwood can't keep his packer in his pants. We're the way come, raise you play. Oh, bring one, nothing for me. Rose like a free-handed man. So he was a day. And you know who you were there. That one no black me publicly. And you know who you were there. And black one then dark me again. Oh, my guy here knew where's the strange. Finally, why's the thing so late? Oh, my god. 560 WCM 132 votes on there. And it's not interesting. What's your take on what with the raccom strongly against it 43? Have them convinced it justified 26. All for it, let's rule 24 that's 18.1%. I would choose to surprise that those people are all for it like a shot. 18% I support him and I'm nervous about it 20. Let's take care of North Korea first 13 and don't know. Rule 6. Don't know. 560, pound 560, don't know. On the AT&T and for Isomarlas line, scream us nine to ten hour. We'll still do that. Because we don't want to have you guys have it at home. Work, work too hard in there during the nine to ten hour. Especially while our blood sugar is like swirling all around and trying to adjust and find a happy medium. After all, let's potato pancakes and chunks of a French toast is dot gel that word of the other gay guy. Thanks a lot to our friends at Korki Z. They sent us to the wrong show. Do not be sent in Mono Food No More Please. Unless we get it. WKM, yes sir. Jeffrey from West Palm Beach on a mobile like to make a comment about challenge. Go ahead. Oh, thank you. How are you doing? Okay. First of all, the Palm Beach post, the main section. I don't know if you can be action section has a big spray on the guy who wrote a long story. You mentioned that the wanted to send a subtle up to coincide with Reagan's state of union address. Yes. You're also forgetting the PR effort to put the teacher into space. Right. I'm not forgetting that. Okay. Because when they gave the present the word that they had exploded, he said, Oh, is that the woman to school teacher on it? Yeah. Very, of course we are in the Cold War then. So it's really important to send them up and off. Send them a message. Yep. Thank you, Guy. Thank you. Of course Ronnie forgot all about that by now. I'm sure. Fives in an amazing way just keeps, I don't know. What? Living? Whatever it is. Whatever you'd want to call it. Pretty amazing. Five, six, seven. Because there are a lot of people on top of it. He was like, well, it kind of like back then too. That he wasn't quite all right. Well, but he did remember his line. Everybody looked good up there. What the hair. You did? Dip it he doing his hair. We're going to watch a shoe polish there. Like a commercial polish in his hair. That's it. Not my time. WQIM. Hey, doing nail. Okay, sir. Listen, I set my resume down to screw in. I thought I would call you to get the stuff. I got to get the stuff. I got to get the stuff. But you got to love sports first of all. You got to be a sports there. You have to have a blow up OJ dollar home, or else you don't qualify. What can I sell your show? No. No, that's not the salespeople that are involved with these shows. It's their involved with the ball games. Like the Marlins. It's stuff like that. Oh, cry. Yeah. That's why everybody left here. That's what they said. I'd rather stick with him doing cleaning out toilets. Good. Good. Think in. Have a great day. Good choice. Yeah. Well, I could have a short point about afternoon. Last time we played that silly as thing. If you love sports, if you're obsessed with sports, if you're smart, you're smart, you're smart, you're smart, you're smart. That's how it starts off. Cause a side from that, nothing else really counts. And you're willing to work for a real nasty, hateful bitch. I don't want to hear it again. Even Mow is saying that screw-in was a nasty bitch and throws food at people. So he started to butcher up a little bit. I guess when he realized I saw him out there in a hole with a thin canroen around and said, I guess he figured he got like cover for it. I saw it, Moll. It was moving. It was alive. At least part of him is anyway. 5.670560 5.560 on the AT&T. The one thing you put in here that I love the best is take off those check-in pants. I love that. Thank you, Carlos. WDQAM Hey, please forgive me if you've already talked about this this morning, but I just turned on your show. We forgive you What happened at WRMF yesterday morning? I don't know what did happen to him. Well, I was surfing around and I came in there and there was a message saying this is a general manager of WRMF and if you heard our morning show this morning We apologize if you are offended. We don't know if you're gonna hit here the same DJ tomorrow. Oh, and yeah Must be the word police are out after them now. I mean they're making the rounds after everybody I'm sure Rick and says their employees to attack. Okay. We'll pass it along. Thanks. Thanks. We'll fight out for you How do you like that WRMF? Maybe they mentioned what the AMF stood for in WRMF. You think so? Maybe or they made it an essence that might have fine Made an insensitive joke. I remember they made it politically incorrect joke Something like that. Ooh. Oh, guess who's gonna be on Larry King tonight at nine o'clock Yo, you already told me condolese. That's gonna be on on a clock tonight and you do respect to a lot. Don't you? No, oh, neither do I and I won't be watching. I'll be talking game. WQAM Pretty good sir. All right. I'm calling for a lot of them. Well nobody's perfect It sounds just like you Oh, get out. Oh, okay. I would like to get out right now. Can you go take a nap after all this blood sugar problem I got go ahead Okay, either those potato pancakes man your head starts spin in like Linda Blair like a droid-lin-heap I became a dedicated listen to you guys you guys are off-stand. Yes, we are oh Yeah, although we don't love sports. I like sports a little bit George hates it and Carlos don't understand it But last forth ever which is why we said what burger rest of these sports suggestif and crap But go ahead you were saying as I like to say I wanted to say my opinion on this Going to try rock. I think it's a fatal mistake now and I'm gonna be fatal for a lot of people I'll tell you that I know and for him for him to tell him to throw down his arms You know it's like don't remember a revolution is like the British coming over here to tell us that Lay down your arms by the court. That's I remember that laid down your arms. Remember that song George. Yeah, I did Pull it I don't think I don't think those people should um Become the senseless, you know Yeah, I'll tell you one thing. They're scared crapless and like that time magazine thing 84% of the Europeans They've hewes is the most dangerous country in the world right now We got him a scared if that was our goal and all of this to scare the crap out of the world We're doing a good job of it. Oh yes We are and it's not I'm there's no smoking guns every time they come up with something and I'm Been waiting for it and there's nothing Well, let me let me see this where are you right now? Where you coming from from a house from a building from a car? Oh No, I'm on the cell. You're what? I'm on the cell phone. Welcome to where are you? In Fort Motherdale no, I don't mean that but like it like in a place that I just go in a building Oh, no, no, no, I'm in a vehicle in a vehicle. Okay. Well, let me ask you You have drugs in your vehicle? No, prove it There you go see there you go All right, I think you got it. I think you got it. I think you got it. I think you got it And what we're gonna do is we're gonna what we'll do is we'll have you will trace the call We'll have them put you over the authority the pop police and they'll search your car the terminal apart And if we don't find anything you know what that'll show us that you do it a real good job of hiding it Right I Now you're catching on right and so I think that's the hope of the couple. I can't wait for this administration Get the helicopter off this man Have some kind of decent administration come in there almost anybody at this point maybe even real out for the newman Okay, have a great day pal I drive like a bad out of hell when you hear those serons Okay, they're after you well the prove that you don't have drugs in there right now Do you don't believe it? Don't believe it. See they're lying about it. How do you know? See With that scene from my money python the life of Brian was that the one where they said the he who is the A savior will deny it right right? I'm not the savior. I'm not the savior and then he said They see he denies it. Okay. I am the savior. Oh It's kind of a lose lose situation is what it is lose lose Well, we don't have a smoking gun. Of course they got those big missiles of course there was nothing in them There was nothing see they're hiding the concept Ha ha ha ha ha Oh boy, WQ. I am Yes, sir Already been already been dividend. Yeah. You got to win and go on don't press play. I think I changed my mind I'll talk about whatever I want to or don't play rimmer. Oh, and thank you, but rise me the room or story So when he were rumored oh my god he Caused me yesterday to announce to me if it's free it's me. Yeah, well, we know that Lots of brownie points for the fact that he went into pizza loft with his whole family or with his last though weekend Families down here visiting the son and daughter because it's all star weekend Going to the pizza loft and baby Jeff Cohen wasn't there and he paid for the entire meal. No discount paid for the whole thing So on the one hand it was sounded like he wanted brownie points for but on the other I made it very clear He wasn't too happy about a Jeff Because his name isn't in the computer. I guess just got a computer there were names of people who get free these like him me and Scott Colin Right anybody else Algolstein. I don't know who else Much a little life like us, but at any rate and the Jeff's name isn't in there. I mean a Jeff rumor So he had to pay the entire thing so I had a promise and that had come out of here today Didn't have to but I did because I'm a very good guy and The bitch and belly ached that Jeff Cohen didn't have his name in there. So we had to pay the whole thing full price Oh This is after they drove across the street from his two million dollar house his brand new house that he had built to his specs Yeah, the tears are rolling down George's eye who still wants it. Oh, we're the free lunches. Remember okay He still wants it. I want to feel meal is just for the pizza If it's free it's me. Yeah, and where's my 14 dollars 2.5 a.m. Refack So the best thing is yesterday I'm looking I have a box in a drawer in my room my bedroom that's got like all business cards and all that kind of stuff That I've accumulated over last few years that people give me I rather than have it in my wallet which are way 600 pounds. I got a fad enough I saw already I stick in this box So I'm looking for something specific in there and I find a card somebody gave me and it says Free meal for a rumor on the car So I look at the card and it's one of my listeners somebody who also is obviously a panther fan or no-so rumors Who's got a restaurant in antenna restaurant in New York? So when the panthers play the Rangers at the islanders went in the city and he invites remember to come in here and eat for free So I tell him I had found this card. I went and I got it out of the box. He says oh save that save that I can use it when we go to New York Like to famous time we eat it Ruth Chris and they picked up the ten and they put that nice card and said Putting a check on the table to end the meal. They put it very lovely card down there Thank you so much. We always enjoy having you please accept this meal as On a house and I'm about to take the card and put it like whatever saying the card for next time he says say the card for it's a coupon Yeah Like they won't remember that it was the last time with the premium So if there's anybody who ever told you an honest thing if it's free it's me They think that you're a hero It is called It is so freaking cold And I cringe every time the wind blows In my pants Something is shrinking I'm so cold. I can't Lip scene he is one good looking guy Let's be cause it's a hero baby And I cannot feel my toes There's a tingling in my fingers And my pride with parts of rules Oh My nose He's about to fall There's a cloud Every time that I call in my hands are blue They are turning home They might have you did my thumbs Let's be cause it's a hero baby I can barely move my mouth I'm a red hearted lover But first I need you be thought out Yes I need to be thought out That's because it's real For you 10-2560 I'm a QA. Yeah, it's cold all right Let me heat it up for you Anyways, our big 10-11 hour and then we got the 11-0 hour and then we got the new hour and then new into one We got the accommodate bits hour Why is she like all button-luffin there? You know something and now I know who didn't hear last time And then they at their step he did he must be another one these frigid people like you that's always a frozen The rooms are in about 76 degrees and I was sitting around I can't I a bit is it the potato pancakes was it the French toast I'm super reaction and I'm looking on there at 75.7 was shed on a shed on 75 And now shed on 70 one because I turned it down and out started it all cool and he's like all hunched up with a jacket on there like he's in the Arctic Circular something jerk What is wrong with you So anyway, we'll be playing comedy with Snooven one we're gonna back Uh, whatever, whatever. Whatever prompted me to do that was it Eric's idea or Carmel is it dead last morning? It was your idea was a bad idea Of doing 9-10 what I that was a bad idea Let's do it again. No, I'm not gonna know it again. Well, I'll start 10-11. I might be good No, seriously that was a terrible idea It's just so damn frustrating and these people over here they move so slowly, you know well They understand that this you're really ought to be on from 10 to 2 or else I was something and they're thinking about it They're examining it they're putting a stethoscope up there each others as they're considering they're holding hands They're calling signals in the huddle, you know, whatever they're doing and The meantime we're like what's so we'll do the best we can that's all we can do you know? You can't be better number one. We like to have bigger number than that and of course if George wouldn't chase him away in a summertime and I'd stop reading bedtime stories Then maybe we might have the ingredients back Sorry, huh? Now we don't we don't care if there are a hundred we don't give a crap as long as they listen well even if they hate us like poison Now I do want to say this the pull that we're taking right now It goes to show you I've always told you that the the people who tend to be politically a little on the right If it catch my drift that don't a little more dedicated than the rest of us and so as a result now it's up to 23% It was right there at 18% which it always seems to be the bush people you know the ones who would follow them over the edge of a cliff Kind of like you saw in small real last night for Clark won't be doing a catches Dammit So I would just suggest that those people are like were protesters and have other ideas might want to like get heavy duty on a pull also Since they're loading it up I checked to make sure we weren't we weren't being freaked by those free pass holes. You know the ones who like to love I mean It's like a bunch of little children We're gonna get in there. We're gonna show them we're gonna like twist the results of the pull is if that changes anybody's opinion Which it does not just stupid people with too much time and I want to go out and do something good structured like playing golf Speak in a people with too much time on their hands Rimmer What's your take on the war with the rack? I'm strongly against at 54 having the convinced it's justified yet 54 that's 49.6% right there all for it. Let's roll 50 23% Out of 2018 votes. I support about I'm nervous about 29 Let's take care of North Korea for his 22 and don't know as in 9 9 votes they just they don't know They're busy watching other people play golf 5 6 7 5 60 we're doing screenless today by the way George. Oh, I want to put a lot of pressure on you because you've exerted so much energy Just stimulating and the rumple still skiing in there for Carlos. What does he scream in about anyway? What's looking all like motivate? I know it's nothing probably about something and that's a Subit blind date thing you're watching anymore and he's bouncing up an even a buff came in here and said see the walls are shaken If you were that animated when you're on the air we'd have at least a five share anyway You might have a number instead of all these people saying that you're a mumbling node Terminally boring if you got that animated on the air like I do all these people Both of your listeners No, seriously get a little more animated on air save it the energy for when you're on a year not like off the air When nobody's paying any attention you think he gives a crap he couldn't care less what you're talking about anything He couldn't care just given the dollar 75 an hour Let him take him to a few fat breaks out there I got inside and front and that's how I care is about coming here tonight and dinner with my computer That he got a raise he doesn't know about a dollar 75 50 is sent an hour net 560 pound 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon now we could put on coal and Powell at the 1031 We're gonna start speaking to you and but we won't Not that we don't want to put some of it on but he's gonna be talking for an hour and a half and we can't afford to luxury it people I want to see it it's on all the networks. Okay, exactly Plus there's no smoking gun you got it we know you're hiding it from us We know you really know threat to us, but we know we need to care about that since this deal was decided that you Over a year ago last year anywhere when Carl Roe said we're playing the war card We're playing the war card I mean these it's it's just hopeless. There's just that element and it's on all sides politically That's why politics sucks so bad all over the world Especially here because we live here at least I do part of the time Is because you got people or just blinded to the blinded by the bullet the right Like that bit says Or by the left or whoever to get sucked in by they're all about your curfs. Let's face it's just a question of which was our most dangerous and right now We know exactly who's the most dangerous WDQ I am George. Yes, hey, how are you? Pretty good morning I'm okay, mumble I Got some good news for you. Okay. Oh I thought I was George Mean how are you want to speak to George you saw a little bit disappointed now No, not at all how are you? I'm good good I uh, glean some good news this was actually for George, but you might be interested yeah And from the New York Times this morning that the DEA is not doing a good job What does that mean the drug enforcement agency yeah Has not stemed any kind of uh well, is that a bulletin? No, it's well, it's a it's a bulletin that they're actually realizing it You know, yeah, they're doing a good job in California busted the medicinal right Yeah, uh, actually I don't know all just like that article and I read before the fact that the United States had turned he Made a desperate attempt to get Mr. Rosenthall's bailed revoked this guy that they're hanging out to dry That goes to show it but they're doing a good job or not They have to they they are compelled to continue doing this crap because they have to protect their bureaucracy otherwise if there's no DEA they're all on on the street just like any other Cover and rip you're awkward right that's right Exactly all right Thank you good luck, you sir, and don't try it okay. I guess this guy thinks he was gonna tell you about it I guess he thinks you're a drugier something okay? Let's have one of your customers. What did you get that impression five six Yeah, but oh five 60. Why are we time? I said that you get so defensive you sell drugs, okay? No, prove it uh I'm in it's after 10 and Carl's buys them, don't you Prove it or he says yes I want to know where you buy them he is just a little prick. I don't know just nothing like it I wonder you can obey them the sink and by the way I saw Mo was on a way to the as soon as Carl's made a bee line in there Mo was on a way in there to help him adjust his toothbrush He want to help him scrub it I'm in it's after 10 at 5 60 WQM. He ever presented with an opportunity when you should have put a water or did something But you didn't when you passed a whole boy But there's an incredible phantom a mortgage rate out there at 3.45 percent and this rates are available by calling for an answer group toll free 1 800 9 40 5 36 3 What is that? 1 800 9 for 0 53 63 if you were to compare a 7% rate with 3.45 You'd say a $3,500 and the first year loan for each hundred thousand dollars that you owe A hundred thousand bucks cost you only 447 a month Here's an opportunity that won't last because it's a 40 year low So we've been thinking about refinancing or buying a home call for an answer group toll free 1 800 9 40 53 63 the process is simple and the call is absolutely positively free You got nothing lose but a big good chunk off what you're paying every month 1 800 9 40 L E and D financial group has been an equal housing lender to thousands of borrowers with a fanomay program Credit restrictions do apply rates are something to change if you wait too long so don't hit or round 5.3 for APR by the way Call financial group today get all the details. There is no obligation call toll free 1 800 9 40 L E and D 1 800 9 40 L E and D This is for 20 places 2 a n Oh r oh n Welcome back to the superfluous tunnel linguist sub the Mohaverted David at home Where we got the three quarters on power rotation for your perusy L Hey Mo But the speed and I feel about hokey We got special tests today No one's allowed in here to stay bring food for their king Good good good 2 8 Zach already broke them Oh yeah What is my moods That's your concern you know Drive home with us today Sorry I never heard of you bummed Well I wonder why What do you do you got an act? Yeah Oh yeah Exactly Like what we spend the wheel wherever the wheel stops We grab me off of it We slam it and you name it What's funny about that Well you got a point there What can you just ask me a question You ready to put your head into toilet bowl? You're too fast That's funny, huh? Well I got news for you pal You folks think I could like a precipice Couldn't fire the right now Well bummer Get out of my place of business No I don't write something I'll give you one more chance to show me what you got I hope this isn't really funny because I got a really full bladder All right these were things that probably adults would know They're like old sayings that I want you to fill in the blank You know how to do that Yeah Here we go The bigger they are The harder they get You can do Yeah What do you do Do I get plan for this Closer to give you plan for the left How dare you laugh at me I suppose you want to rape me now Yeah Start looking that would be wild yeah All right All right I'm pretty good Hey Can't be hold my green pants Okay What are you looking at? Frickle face fanty And you guys got a condo That's condo mo What up Yeah I do I mean I don't such does Fine and I might as well one is I didn't push today Okay now you have to say spin your meat rick and suck Yeah spin your meat rick and let's do it Oh Oh, honey Oh, what's the matter? I was shooting first Well see I told you not to hide Hey I'm so embarrassed I'm so embarrassed I'm so embarrassed Okay It's time I'm embarrassed Oh Oh Oh, Kleenex Maybe that's what Mom was talking about about the scram He been candy And I could I haven't had fudge in years You know it Have you Now that you mentioned it? No I love fudge It's great You don't like fudge You want to try to talk about it? Yeah You don't like anything good And don't be turning the heat up here to 80 degrees anymore please not while I'm here Anyway, I'm working airlines are just 1.8 billion I wasn't cuts to save the airline Americans about it on a verge too How do you like that? And united What what do we got left when you come right on we got kill I'm Northwest right? That's like a little together and then not in good shape either You got uh air Canada thank god Helen thank god for you guys Well, so we got Delta Delta is ready when you are sometime And if not you're not a luck anyway right Uh, yeah TWA not Panam not Easter not Crazy clothes, let me know how you did that. I did not Would look clown on there coming around virgin air is still around if you want to go under with uh that group all yeah Courtney yeah, Courtney's love cocks So that's it 560560 and it's really sad in America's sitting back on oh what are we gonna do about that space shuttle I mean it was sad like I said how many hours in days we got oh the delegates are arriving at the uin oh Oh, you like that And they're getting ready for colon piled open up as mouth and say there's no smoking gun But then he's gonna go on for an hour and a half of speculating Well, we gotta do this now because Sodom's a bad guy and he stole a free trainer too 560560 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line There's our only call on squeamless. That's pretty scary. Hello Yes, sir. Yes, good morning. I would like to give my perspective on I write before our secretary of state Begin. Yes, okay, though the way I see it is Even if we do bring about a democracy to our rack and rid of that tyranny We're gonna have a phone because if you think about it Saudi Arabia that's borders are actually a sum There are biggest ally in that region So it would be kind of awkward if you think about it that on the one hand we will be bringing about a democracy to one country and on the other hand We will be supporting a market either suppressors people So I mean and what about Iran? Oh, that's not a seat. Let me clean something that most Americans don't realize unfortunately You're graphically we're a little bit about Pakistan Exactly, we see with Iraq the problem is Serious that's located to its west and Iran that's located to the it's Turkey to No, I know the map you know you know I got see if we destabilize Iraq because think about it going into a country is not exactly It's gonna be a easy task. I don't care how these people want to portray it You know, so and even if we are successful what I'm worried about is the aftermath of it You know I'm saying because if we go in there and we bring about democracy a lot of people in the Middle East are saying hey What are the Americans doing the bringing about democracy and they're supporting? You know the market. Hey, that's what some of them not unjustified the attacks Because he kept saying hey the Americans are being hypocrites because they're of democracy Yet they're advocating a monarchy that suppressors people and it's true. There is no liberty in Saudi Arabia Or in Jordan or in Georgia or in Lebanon exactly on Egypt No, I say Libya or in Kuwait Or when we went in there in Ristomirkin lives to bail out Kuwait after Sodom invaded and took over sovereign country and the the Kuwaiti princes were busy In London in London elsewhere in the disco is partying and getting drunk and having a great time in all of our oil money or Pakistan for that matter our buddies Oh, yeah, everybody's Pakistan at liberal of that fashion of liberal democracy will be support a obnoxious dictator right Who also has nox by the way? Who do you pose the elected leader by the way who put the Taliban in a power in Afghanistan by the way? We just mentioned that in passing Who select of them practically handpicked who also will open up all those madrases? Which the Saudis taught them how to do but nevertheless they were willing co-conspiracy Who they fop it up all those madrases that they funded so that they could bring wash all the young when they hate the West and the kill us Are the past of Pakistan's not that they're wonderful folks never still afraid train So this business of picking and choosing and also the thing anybody saw 60 minutes about North Korea Sunday night If that didn't just scared live in daylight Saudi I mean, there there is virtually nobody there other than the very very the wealthiest of the wealthy and even they have no running water They don't accept for the rain But they don't really water so I guess they didn't bring in a lot of a bottle water. I'm not gonna But they don't really butter yeah God are is a good word for North Korea the way those people are living and of course he's got all the military they're all goose stepping along he's got a million military Crazy person, but we're not we're not we'll deal with him diplomatically Even though of course as we spoke the other day as we speak right now There are moving things around to get right out of start You know mobilizing the moving of plutonium they get right to start popping up in nuclear weapons everything they got But work a little bit concerned because if we did anything with them you know how many people in soul and Tokyo could be dead within a matter of hours Oh See well, I guess we're not really concerned about is the aftermath of what's gonna happen for example It was you see we headed on the website, but I'd like to read these because they're too depressing we're supposed to be entertaining On yesterday's bedtime stories arrest of al-Qaeda terrorists disrupt plans for attack. This is one from the Ultra right wing Washington Times that's some liberal pink ol magazine or newspaper Al-Qaeda's planning a mass casualty attack to rival 911 of preparations have been disrupted by arrest of terrorist during the past several months of corn to US intelligence officials Recent intelligence reports indicate that communications among tindist and cells of al-Qaeda members are being restored gradually They said the attack will be on a large scale when officials said Additionally the intelligence reports stated that any major attack is likely to be preceded by smaller scale strikes including assassinations of prominent people in the US Officials didn't provide details on the latest that which was contained in intelligence reports sent to senior bush administration officials last week the warning didn't say whether the attacks would be in the US or abroad We continued being a heightened threat in the fireman said US officials will access to intelligence reports to decline to comment further So what's gonna happen if we start dropping the first bombs on Baghdad? We don't know but we can assume it probably isn't gonna be very good no And we're not talking about just one big massive attack like he's talking about here There's not nothing to say that we're at that point not gonna start seeing isolated attacks car bombings like they're used to in a Middle East every single day Right snipings shot our shopping classes being blown up little things like that suicide bombers right here on our soil Because that'll be the excuse that they've been waiting for this is exactly these are the seeds that Osama Yamama was planning That's what he wanted. This is exactly what he wanted And we're goose stepping along. Of course the world has nothing to do with it. We do want you understand 5605050505060 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQAM WQAM Hey Neil how are you okay sir? The real enemy though is the French I mean if you really want to get somebody in the world enemy is the French The French? Why is that? Well they're attacking us right now. Yeah The French is the hop of the Etares. I mean this is really the main supporters of what is wrong with everything in our global nation There are there was that everything that's wrong. Well, I mean I have no luck for the girl All right, no they're not our allies You're right. We finally said that the other day and I found a few on the things that's got to go Oh, man, they're not our allies What like is the bomb Paris with that That's what we should do Apparently and then hit the Germans next. Yeah, okay great and then we'll be over to your house 56700 and so now there's anybody Is it okay? That's exactly what's going on in this country right now. Don't remember what the president said There there's only between you either are with us or you're against this No sitting on a fence no switcherlands no neutrality no like we're thinking about it none of that either You're with us your against this. It's the black and white world the good guys over here and the bad guys over there and that's it And this jackass that we just spoke to he's he that's his mentality that's what he believes Nobody here's defending the friends there's scum I've always said that long before any of this stuff going on But we're not at war with the French and if anybody wants to talk about who's responsible these Saudis would be a real good place to start Saudi Arabia North Korea won Saudi Arabia to Pakistan three and then if we got some time left over Sodom number four because he ain't going anywhere anyway. He's got no military left to begin with right See that's the question you have to ask yourself this he really represent a threat to us Well, I don't know these these missiles that contain nothing they weren't they had a range of 200 20 miles. I'm sorry not 220 miles Yeah, basically basically useless They can that can't clear the border right that's right But don't you if you oh there's colon policy standing by with the jacks straw You know jacks straw yes, I think he's the last straw Let's probably the more likely problem out there's we're not gonna get that again. Oh, well good. Thank god for that We're not gonna get that again Thank the Lord for that how is the pull coming Neil? What's your take on where were the rack and let me just say this right now I mean this this is one of the reasons that it's such a waste of time I guess it helps us all get it out of our system But what you discuss on here now and all these peace protests They're not having any impact because this is already been decided upon That's why colon Powell who was the one dove that they had in there who was trying to hold all this off for months and months he finally sold out They got to it. They got to him. He sold out he's there to make the case today Not a question of if it's a question of when make no mistake about it You're take on the war with a rack have them in commenced it justified 89 All for it. Let's rule 81 all of a sudden just now that came up with a 24.9% see what I'm saying about those people I'm strong against it 70 21 and a half percent I support it, but I'm nervous about it 46 Let's take here in North Korea first 30 and don't know nine nine don't know Oh, here is Palom there'll be no smoking gun In other words, they don't really have any evidence. It's just they can't prove that they don't have this they don't can't prove they don't have that They don't like his mustache right and they're not really sure it's him anyway 26 after 10 at 5 60 WQM and Tom Layman and Joe Prieto are buried up to their armprison vehicles because Halette has been said so many cars by the factory they have no place to stick him even Tom Layman is part and cars and trucks and all kinds of stuff in his driveway So they need to place one in yours. That's what they're looking for and that's why Halette right now is blowing out all the new vehicles Regardless of profit including the potty egg vibes starting only 13,998 and you get up to $5,000 off and every GMC on boy and stock Plus gets zero percent fine and sing up to a $3,000 rebate of course Halette also has a great selection of pre-owned cars trucks and SUVs like always and If credit's a problem for you if that's one of the reasons you're terrified even a step on the lot of the card dealership If everybody else in town turns up there knows when even see you come in have no fear because Halette is here Quite it's not a problem for you there. It's the winter blizzard emergency clearance sale and school on right this moment And how up potty egg GMC you'll find them in the same stupidest location They've been treating people great and making unbeatable deals lump 34 or one South Tixie highway that's you always want across from the falls for over 35 years They've been doing it there. They're open every day seven days week and you'll save even more if you mention my name call right now Call the New York Rogers Neil DeLhotline toll free one triple eight five three four forty two eleven That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven for Halette potty egg GMC who be professional gray Fly and local here sports video five sixty two and two a M I know I'm here Just get rid of that Call the fuck up 32 at five sixty w q m five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 team for Eisenhower Last line hotel queen the owner house. I've been robbed as jury while observe for 11 million big one Manhattan grand jury got downright nasty a Manhattan jury would Leonor Helmsley yesterday Slapinger with 11.175 million dollar verdict for discriminating against a gay employee All while the billionaire cryptophilly for women to manager is so clear for these spectacular some Finding she'd the subjected Charles Bell to a hospital work environment when he was determined for Parkline hotel What am I gonna lose now my virginity she said But she quickly made it clear she was not amused. I feel I've been robbed she said The jury took just four hours to find that Bell sexuality was a motivating factor And how's the decision to fire my free spent just four months on the job causing him severe emotional distress This shows Ms. Hemzley is not above the law bill said she can't act this way toward her employees The so-called queen of me didn't act as if she'd been chastised however and while she showed no reaction while the virtual was read She vended her world wrath on the jury bell and the jug after the proceeding was over. They're crazy They don't like me. I guess she said of the jurors refer to their verse as shameful It's encouraging more people to use dope to cheat to steal she said Bell broke every rule. Let's hit on saw Well too bad Confine up bitch And don't be picking on Tom Cruise who is gonna be holding a press conference right after colon powerful finishes by the way To announce that he's not gay 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Any second now they're gonna be doing it any objection. No, I object right now in a middle of an important show WCQ. I am Hello, hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, yeah, you were talking about North Korea Yeah, but you leave out the fact that in 94 clinton signed that agreement with some given 500 men All this the blackmail yeah, and two reactors and then they cheated on that and they built the new Anyways, but now too late now and you notice that they only uh the ratchet it up after this so whole evil empire thing started this Evil do we're staying? Oh, we alienated them well Billion it's a bomb. It's not done over six months or a year period. Yeah, dad didn't build a little bit What does that have to do with what's going on now see what you want to do is play politics built Clinton did this and yeah Bill Clinton said by also when they could have a chance to get Osama and they they said one cruise missile after him Oops, it was a little bit too late for two whatever it all was Oh, no, okay, sir Clinton's not an office right now George W Bush's an office quit playing a Clinton bashing All right, he's not there anymore, which I'm sure he preses you greatly because he got nothing to talk about He's been gone for two years plus Clinton did this and pop a bush did that well, that's for that's unfortunate but in the meantime that's what we're faced with in a world today, okay? Where's an article about North Korea by the way? Do I have it? Do I got it? Oh, you hear it isn't a crystal off we had it on the website yesterday Our bedtime story He says the North Korean nuclear crisis is far more perilous than many people realized the White House wanted to keep the focus on her Rack the not even bother to tell us that satellite images show North Korea apparently taking steps toward reprocessing plutonium It was left to my New York Times colleague Dave David Sanger to alert the public just a few days ago Can you imagine if we're a rack that been spotted moving nuclear fuel around the news that the Pentagon is reinforcing its preparedness on a Korean peninsula Suggest that it doesn't believe the White House law lies either When North Korea has reprocessed its plutonium and bill five more nuclear weapons probably by summer It'll try to pressure us into a new package deal to understand how dangerous the Korean Peninsula could become consider one worst case scenario For February 14 the CIA confirms the North Korea's reprocessing plutonium making a preemptive US military strike more difficult because of the risk of radiation leakage September 15. This is not a crisis the White House declares March 17 North Korea announces that a resumusal test Docs plungent Tokyo and Seoul March 26 North Korea test fires a two-stage Tapodong to a missile it's ours over Japan lucky 9% off the Tokyo stock market C.I. analyst one that a three-stage version of the tapodong took a reach US mainland March 27 This is not a major crisis the White House declares April 7 on the birthday of the late great leader Kim Il Sun North Korea resumes construction of a nuclear reactor in touch on that'll be capable Are producing plutonium for 44 warheads annually may first the U.S. security council group sanctions without Chinese enforcement They mean little June 29 North Korea completes reprocessing and the plutonium is this disperse to be made into warheads July 10 North Korea North Korea test a nuclear device stocks tumble worldwide leading a big Japanese bank to the edge of bankruptcy July 12 North Korea formally declares itself a nuclear state probably is certain that the Korean bomb will be used on behalf of all Koreans to combat Japanese and American aggressors stocks plung worldwide triggering a Japanese banking crisis and a global recession July 13th is not a monumental crisis the White House says July 15 Tokyo is mayor is Shahara launches a campaign for Prime Minister on a platform of building nuclear weapons July 20 with its plutonium safely hidden North Korea begins to pressure the U.S. to negotiate a packet solution to the crisis its troops frame a machine gunfire across the BMZ South Korean and Japanese stock markets fall 7 percent August 1st a seal vile of anthrax is found in Noh Saka subway car no one has heard but some commentator suggests it's a message from North Korea to U.S. you better talk to us. August 5th the rain in Libyan nuclear virus is spotted shipping in Pyongyang August 6th we shouldn't exaggerate the crisis the White House says as we've said from the beginning we're always ready to sit down with North Korean talk. August 13th down Rumsfeld offers three military options to present in Bush the Mineral One calls for a cruise missile strike on North Korea's known nuclear facilities but because the plutonium has been reprocessed in the warheads are hidden we can't take out its nuclear arsenal. The maximum one also destroys North's air defense system and much of its artillery. August 16th intelligence intercepts his death in North Korea responded with a minimal U.S. military strike by launching conventional missiles such as Pan and to a broader strike by turning solo into a sea of fire. The CIA warns that if North finds itself losing conventional warheads, chemical, biological and possibly nuclear weapons against Japan and U.S. forces in South Korea, all sides brace for a new Korean war which the CIA estimates could kill a million people. August 17th, coal and powled is told by President Bush if only we'd listen to you two years ago out the need to engage North Korea even this February if we'd only started negotiations. I'm sorry, cold and we blew it. Then Mr. Powl wake up and realizes he was dreaming. Rotten a crisp off in yesterday's New York Times. Oh, that's just that old-fashioned. Well, that's standing since 1998. Well, thanks very much, Colin. We're delighted here today. He's been outstanding since 1998. And he is mild. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. How's that pull coming? What's your take on what were the rack? As the Secretary of State has made in the case right now as we speak. I might add at this point that we are providing all relevant information we can. Good. What's your take? Have them a convinced that it's just a 528%. All for it. Let's roll 87, 23.1%. Just change it again. Let's see, just hate that. I'm strong against it 84, 22%. I support it, but I'm nervous about it 54. Let's take care of North Korea first, 35 and don't know. 12. People are still looking on the map. Where is our Iraq? And is that the Iranians who live in Iraq? Oh, yeah. Hey guys, you want to go to excuse the sneak and extra night at the track on Thursdays and get the wife to come along too. Then head and over to Pomp and O'Parnas harness track during the entire month of February. Pomp and O'Park will be open on Thursday nights. Not only they be open every Thursday, but in February it will be the ladies nights with two for one, drink specials and free bingo for ladies. Ladies only with more than $1,000 in cash and prices. Let me say it again. Free bingo for ladies only with more than $1,000 in cash and so Pomp and O'Park is now open starting this week. Five nights a week. Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday. First post time 715. Free general parking free admission every afternoon night and every Wednesday like tonight is dollar night. The track you can get draft your hot dog soda, large presser or popcorn only a bucket piece. Monday's madness continues every Monday night, two for $25 full-course dinner and their lavish top of the park restaurant on the sixth floor. And as far as racing as concerned, don't forget starting this Saturday, the opening round of the $250,000 dollar-alike a pre-pacing series featuring many of the best horses and drivers in North America racing right there at Pomp and O'Park. Also the Saturday freed drawing to an education package to NAS on the Bahamas, including round trip airfare from Fort Loderdale and a three-day stay at the Crystal Palace Hotel Casino. Pomp and O'Park were all of these things and lots more going on and don't forget full-card summer casting your video starting at noon two. Pomp and O'Park powerline wrote a blast of Black South of Atlantic Boulevard. So people are knocking across this deep down-blocking the corn�way feet down-shleving to show you these go-shy-baths, hey! Oh man! I'm waving! I've knocking Knapp making the traffic race time watching all the volume stopped for me. In our own get to the other side, I have some regular mornings but I still won't die. I have no teeth in my body's decay. With their goespings popping out of my legs still up walking. In my jelly shoes they're yelling, two out to crack at you with I'm rocking. Chuck Huck's a hoist who you, you bastard you. I'm blowing out your air. Kuck the crap load just cut it out. I can't stop! PN45 at 5.60 WCU. I'm sitting at his colon pile on there. But b-b-b-b-b destruction. And they can claim that nothing was there and the inspectors can look all they want and they will find nothing. This effort to hide things from the inspectors is not wanted to isolate a defense quite the contrary. This is part and parcel of a policy of evasion and deception that goes back 12 years. A policy set at the highest levels of the Iraqi regime. We know that Saddam Hussein has what is called a higher committee for monitoring the inspection teams. Unquote. Think about that. Iraq has a high level committee to monitor the inspectors who were sent into monitor Iraq's disarmament. Not to cooperate with, but not to assist them, but to spy on them and keep them from doing their jobs. The committee reports directly to Saddam. You realize how juvenile is is, how ridiculous it is? Yeah, I do. Is there any country in the world of any substance of any significance that we couldn't find weapons of what we would call mass destruction in forbidden ammunition? Right. So, John Ratpaport writes a few things to keep in mind when Paul addresses the win to make the US case for war against Iraq which he's doing right now. Murray, Paul is being sent into carry the water. He's done this before. He gives the impression of a man of great conscience and then he takes his orders. That's his rule. In the stage play, he's the good guy who wins up doing what everybody else does. He just agonizes beforehand. People think, hey, Paul is on the team. They must be right because he was against them a few months ago. Sure, there are supermarkets on the sun too. Meanwhile, Hans Blush's denied Paul's claims that the weapons inspectors are finding evidence of the Iraqis moving and hiding illicit materials. Blush says he's found no conclusive evidence that Iraqi weapon scientists have been taken out of the country to escape interviewers. Blush denies that Iraqi agents are pertain to be weapon scientists. He also denies that his weapons inspection team has been infiltrated by Iraqi agents. Blush and the state of the Union message asserted both of these claims. Blush also says he's seen no proof that Iraq and Al Qaeda are connected. Rumors are swirling of some smoking gun that's going to be carried out in the open by Paul or Bush at the last moment before during the address today. Although he's already said he's not that couldn't find one. And NSA intercept ACA document of photo, whatever. Newsweeks already running caught on tape. Hold your hat. We've got it. The only thing that it was running these transcripts a couple of minutes ago. He started speaking where you got a couple of people speaking in Iraqi in the Arabic. I had to talk in Kakka. Right. But they say something about Al Bundy? Yeah, that's what they said. They said Al Bundy did it. How will do one of these numbers? We didn't want to release this tape because it could cost the lives of agents deep inside Iraq. But we flew these people out last night to wish her and hotel of their choice so we can tell the world what is really happening. Hello, George Orwell. It says. There you go. This is all part of the dog and pony show that's going on. I don't even know why they're wasting the time. They already got the troops over there. But I've been just get it done. Okay. If you're going to do it, get it done. It's a formality. They make it look nice. I see. Wrap it up in a bow. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Paraislamic. I could put this on here, but all they possibly can. But I don't think I want to do. All the channels are carrying it. Yeah. Anybody want to see it? They can turn out anywhere. In fact, even if you stick your finger in your pop-up toast, you'll see Colin Pollan there going by sources. Like that. I feel really sorry for the fact shut-ins today. Well, I would have told you this. You know, he hasn't said yet. And trash. Hasn't said that yet. How do you know? I'm wondering. I have, I'm keeping one eye on it. WQAM. I'm talking to Neil. Speaking, sir. Neil, you're doing. Okay. I don't mind your position on the war and so forth and so on. Well, thank you so much. Hello? I said thank you so much. You don't mind that. I'd be sure you could not be so biased. We recorded a little while ago, Washington Times article. He said it was ultra-conservant so forth. Then you read it. New York Times article. You'll state the same thing as ultra-liberal. Be obvious. Be obvious. Be obvious. If you're going to say, you know, I'm just staying. I don't have, I don't have to let you know. If you're going to say, everybody knows out there, New York Times has got to repute. It's a very liberal, the ultra-liberal, comedy-pink-oh-one-news paper. So what's the point? What's it? I have to draw you a diagram if you're that stupid. What do you call me to show for? Give me directions. If you're going to say this, if you're going to say that, I don't mind. Well, I don't really give a crap with you. Mind or not. Because I'm going to give my opinion. It's Buddy Your Ass. How do you like that? It's Buddy You're being a little punk with a tiny penis. What's all the why? God, I'm going to hold the fat with a tiny penis. Don't stop me from saying my opinion. 560, 560, Pound 5, there you go, George. I'd only be who's not mentioned to Washington Times is to point being that it's hardly a liberal or that's always what we're getting thrown back at us. What you're reading is stuff from all these little publications. And the Washington Times is anything but that. You mentioned because it was an exception. Right? Exactly. That is absolutely correct. And he's too stupid. Well, who's stupid to understand it? He would know the Washington Times if they start 14 copies up his ass. And the Prince started coming out both ears. But he doesn't mind your position. Well, I'm delighted. I'm sitting in the prone position right now. I'm laying down from this potato pancakes in that friend's toast. And sure was good. Thanks again to corkeys. But next time you send food over here, please understand, it wasn't Mo and Goli that requested it. It was us, Neil and George and Carlos get it right. And the fact that matter is that they want to be in a big portion of that elaborate grief or was in there in four four fads. He needs that like he needs a hemorrhage. Okay? Like he needs to have another gigantic oozing bm in there. And at the, hey, let him come and eat. He refood he can get while he can. No way. No way. I'm going to tell you one one more free me or like that. Alright, Carlos has got her right. He's evenly low blown up the cheeks routine. That's right. One more me like that. He could blow up. Can you imagine a mess he's going to make an at control room? He's glattered all over the wall. Oh, what's that over there? Oh, it used to be Zach. He probably doesn't have diabetes yet. I'm telling you right now, Mr. That that man weighs 7,000 pounds. Start naked in the shower in the morning. Oh, my God. Thanks for coming back. They have the dip him in biscuit and bayonaut to bat all of him. Make sure they don't miss any spots. He's a good guy, but I'm telling he's just a and all you do every I'll say it again every time I walk by that corner there. He's just shoveling it down and shoveling it down shoveling it down. Where the hell's the rest of our food? By the way, how can we didn't get the brisket? Maybe that's tomorrow. See, said that. Let me mean maybe that's tomorrow. Don't keep pushing for food on here. So you're trying to do that again. You were going to start at that quirky yesterday. Then he started. It was you didn't carl say you'd say anything he'll not Of course because you know there's nothing you can do for him. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. I'm going to do for me. There are releases hoping maybe you're going to be a little bit of a raise. Go to bat form. Hey, I got news. Anybody that takes a bath in the sink? I'm not all excited about that. Go to bat for him. Yeah. And in fact, I can just see it. He can share an apartment with Zach. And Zach can take like a bath in the whole apartment. He can bat in the sink. That could be a Like a DC aquarium. 567. 0560. Mompe with the additional four chemical weapons. That'll make pictures here. Show me what you're seeing. You're seeing the munitions bunkers in Yellow and red outline. And there's our team bunker. Four that are in red squares. We're in the red square. If chemical munitions bunkers. How do I know that? How can I say that? How do you know? Let me give you a closer look. Okay. Look at the image on the left. On the left is a close up of one of the four chemical bunkers. The two arrows indicate the presence of Sure signs. See this whole thing is so ridiculous. The question isn't do they have this and do they have that? The question is how long have they had it? Where did they get it? Now, they really had danger to us. That's the question. I wanted to jeopardize the lives of our servicemen and women. And I wanted to jeopardize the whole future of the planet based on the fact that they've got this. That's the question. Is it not? They're a danger to their own people. Maybe their neighbors. That's it. Yeah. And of course their neighbors are such good friends of ours like the Saudis and I ran. I ran. I ran. Uh-huh. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marlus Line. Nobody QAM. Hey, thanks for taking my call. Thanks for making your call, sir. Amen. Um, hey, I just wanted to say that God forbid that a listener might have an opinion and the fact that you won't even allow a listener to give out their opinion. What do you mean by that? It really doesn't matter Neil because quite honestly stick to your pole because your show sucks anyways. Well, why do you listen to it? No, I'm just I'm just why do you want to listen to it? My dear sister Miss, we're all you do is spread hatred. Yeah. There's uh-huh. No, that's it. That was the end. It was the spreading love. I see. There's another one of those right wingers who can't handle the truth. All you do is spread hatred. You miserable fangot. Can't handle the truth, Kenya. You're another one of these assholes who wants anybody on ear who will agree with you will parrot that. Let that out that crap. Another diddlehead. But God forbid anybody should come on ear and have an alternative point of view and right away I'm a miss. But you're listening. That's the best part. You're listening. You can tell everybody that nobody can have an alternative point of view. Did I hang up on him? No, he hung up on me. Even though he's making a scroll as personal attack on me, then hang up on him. hung up on the other pump because he was talking crap. He didn't know his ass from this guy's elbow. About the Washington Times and New York Times and you got to say this, I don't have to do anything. I don't have to do anything. But sure you're exactly what's wrong with America today. You're the reason why so many people are puking their guts out. Because they remember what this used to be. And how you and your ilk have turned this into a goose stepping piece of turd is what this country's rapidly becoming. Where everybody has to like fall in the line. Hey, the rest of the world man, we want to got one super power. We're going to show you a thing or two. And if you dare question our authority in our superiority, we're going to show you a thing or two. And he can't handle that. I'm not miserable at all, sir. I'm a pretty happy guy. You know, I'm even talking to assholes like you. Don't phase me in the least. You're a dime. It doesn't. Time doesn't. Why did you go back to what you're right wing websites and what to let the guy in the do you did? Oh, crap. Okay. We don't want interfere with your daily routine. Free the poll. Right. Go go. Free your ass. WQIM. Hi, Mike. It's big of a meal. Speaking. Hi, Neil. I would just listen to your last two calls. And, you know, again, it's not about party line. It's like if you read and read the imminent thread is North Korea January 13th, US Newsweek. People should pick it up and forget party line. I'm using World Report. Exactly. And there's eight pages. And one page is devoted to what North Korea has first Iraq. And it's like, you know, what good is it doing you to be saying this? I mean, you're trying to have people, you know, people who have an open mind and like, almost imminent thread is North Korea. And I just can't believe people are calling in. It's always about a party line. Yeah. And I just want to say keep on, you know, telling people what's going on. People need to continue reading and they need to figure out what we're not reading. They aren't reading. They're not watching golf tournaments. I know they're not. But, you know, there are people who listen to you and there are people who read and there are people who are not stupid. And, you know, every time I say one of these start calling. Well, I don't know. You know, I listen to you every day. And I read every article that I can because I don't want it to be a party line. I want what's good for America. Oh, okay. I just, you know, have a great day. Here's a fact that says, had you been a Jew and Nazi Germany, you'd be making excuses for Hitler and making the case that the death camps are places where those in prison would have the lead here to reflect on her slander against a third right. What? Huh? Exactly. Exactly. Don't ask me. Do it how they're all coming out now, man. They're rattling their sabers. They're getting their spears off. I'll hear it up. They're getting their Albert Spears all whipped up. Oh, thank you so much. There's the a smallville post the law through it away. Post it from smallville, small potatoes. See that. My mobile potatoes. Yeah. Forget about that. We could stick it up on a wall if you go ahead and stick it. 1057 at 560. Call of Paulus in announced publicly and announced ominously. Meanwhile, speaking of ominous, I'm going to say that fat that big heavy load that the beast was carrying around. Thank goodness. He started look almost human these days. And see what I just said about big fat load and look who walks in the door. Fat boy. Anyway, if you're a big fat tub like, oh my god. Good afternoon. You're joking me. Korky's just showed up with more food. Wow. Maybe that food was for Moan Gildi. Although they don't know anything about it. And anyway, let me tell you about balance for life. You don't have to be a fat pig like me or like the beast. If you're one of those people who is a fat right now, but doesn't enjoy being fat. If you'd like to lose that weight and you want to get healthy and look great, here's the answer. Balance for life. No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, no calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting. No matter which show program that you've been trying to follow if you're failed, it's probably because they're too complicated. You go into the supermarket. You have no idea what to buy. With balance for life, you don't do any shopping because they provide all the food and your little black sack which they deliver right to your door every morning. Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks, five meals plenty of food to keep you full all day long. And it's all geared to the principles of the zone diet. It really works. It's delicious. There's nothing frozen, nothing artificial. All you have to choose is between two choices for each meal every day that you're on a program. The beast has lost like, uh, what is it? About 50 pounds and he we're going to get him under 200 pounds before the end of the series guaranteed. You can do the same. Call Balance for life. Do it the simple delicious way. 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 are visit their website at balanceforlife.com. Hi, I am not a Nazi. I was a well-respected hard-wrapped man and trusted by high-level shirts. I used to have a powerful Republican position. High upon a moral ground. The whole liquid is where insistent that I have is where the Clinton with any means that could be found. 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 15 7 7 6 There was him because she was naked on a pause with you guys taking her. Y'all be a star. You asshole? I have an 0.4560. WCM, that call, or he was great. You know what if we could just get 20 like him every day? He's got no arguments. He's got no case to make. He's got nothing to say. It's just, you don't let anybody else say it. Anyway, and you fang it and you're just miserable. And you don't feel it. He feels spew. He's the hate. Spuying. His love. Spewing his love. But luckily right after he got caught on, we got corkies came in again. Nice to hear it, says to me, or I'm just thanks for the plug and joy of the goodies. See more our good friend at corkies. 61 north palm Avenue per repines. And we got Ruben sandwich, which we haven't had in a half a one. And more potato pancakes and some delicious brisket sandwiches on beautiful little rolls. In fact, Carlos one on three says, my first brisket. Try to explain to me, only get bris once. At least most of us. I think in my case, there may have been like four or three. Yeah, back again. Any or two late. They can't throw tie one on. So anyway, there we go one of our, and the facts is coming in. They can't stand the fact that I'm still on the year that there are a handful of us on a year. Who aren't goose stepping the party line. Because people are not what they want. Everybody in this country who's anywhere in a media. These are the same people who are belly. You could about the liberal bias in the media. They want everybody to be a goose stepper. Now what kind of a country is that? They're kind of a guy. Exactly. Very well said. Let's take a look at the pool and see maybe he's right. Don't forget no to one our comedy art today, which means we can really indulge in lunch and at our. I'm just practicing now. After Roe me out of here in a wheelbarrow, wasn't that something you see? Who was there with the door to let our friend from corkies and how, at proposed. Factboy, aka Jeff high, aka the guy with a chronic neighbor. Is he back on his walker again? Yeah. Didn't see that. Walker came. Whatever it was, he was just barely moving. He's got a TV trade attached to his walker. Yeah. Oh, you got to see how much food really showed up. What we got what's left on a trend. That's only what he left for us. I'm your a team. You multiply that time. Spive and you see what's on his desk back there in a sales office. And they formally full-sale. Want to be a sales roll here? If you're obsessed with sports, 477 votes. What's your take on war with the wreck? In the year 2000. Well, no, I think it's a delay for that now. Well, he's confused. He's like living in the past. He's a little reactionary now. They've gotten to it. What's your take with war on a wreck? 483 votes. Now, having a convince of justified 133 strongly against it. 122. So right there is 52.7%. All for it. Let's roll. 182.3%. I supported, but I'm nervous about it. 6313%. Let's take care of North Korea for earth 41.4%. Don't know 163.3%. So if you combine all for it. Let's roll on a supportive. But I'm nervous about it. And give them the benefit of the doubt. That's 35%. So at 65 to 35. You know what the national polls have all been shown last the few days? I give up. Two thirds opposed. 66 to 33. All the household liberal. Our post almost exactly the same. When they asked to pull on CNN, was it two weeks ago that I told you about who do they agree with? Who's positioned they agree with more on Iraq, Ted Kennedy or President Bush? 75% agreed with Kennedy and 25% Bush. Now we certainly know it is country 75% of the public is very very far politically from Ted Kennedy. Very very far. But I'm that particular issue was three to one. You're just slaining the poll you hateful. You're a little spick. And by the way, speaking of people who are dangerous and have people tortured and in jail and in death camps and whatever else. How about good old fiddell down there? I don't see us going to ready to invade Cuba. How much oil he got? None. Well, there you are. Okay. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WCUAM. Yeah, I'd like to talk about North Korea for a second. Yes, you're going ahead. I thought before I talk about that, I understand you did a poll yesterday. Oh, it's Reverend Jones again. Get out of here. It's 6 North Korea up your ass. In fact, you're the first one. We're going to send over there. We're going to send you right over to Kim El Chung. Human bonds. If it's been a program. He's got a human bond. Reverend Jones. Oh, what cartoon graphics of the weapons that they might have? As these drawings based on their descriptions. Yeah, he did drawings. Here's some pictures for you. Okay. Here he is. The United Nations. Here's some pictures of drawings we made. Are they entertaining? They're in full color. Pretty. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Line. WCUAM. WCUAM. WCUAM. Here's our last call on screen list. They almost be transfixed with colon. WCUAM. Hello. WCUAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. Yes. You can tell me the ball. Yes. Yes. Yes. You can tell me the ball. 5607. Next time, try to get your answer to the M. I'm speechless. Yeah. Hey, well, listen, what happens is it makes a gravity choices. There's nobody on the phone. They're all busy watching colon Paul. So we'll eat. And we'll wait for you to decide you want to talk to us. Better to go to the... Bit sour early. Hmm? Maybe we should do that. We don't have a call on the board on screen list. Which is unheard of in the history of the show. Which shows you how very important this is. First hand information of biological weapons plants on wheels. See that? And there's a drawing of one. It goes with their meals out of wheels. Hmm. How long do you think it will take the inspectors to find even one of these 18 trucks without Iraq coming forward as they are supposed to with the information about these kinds? We need to go to work. Okay. Okay. Exactly. WQAM. Hey, good morning. How are you? I'm okay. Hopefully I'll be a little bit more prepared. Okay. Hey, listen. You know, maybe maybe I'm just a little fearful more in general. But this event is well kind of a threat to. I mean, they've got oil and they've got gold and they're, you know, the same hemispheres of. And a banana republic to tavern all of? Yeah. Are they kind of a potential risk? I mean, how do you pick and choose who you go blow up? Well, cash is only 90 miles away from where we're sitting right now. And he certainly are a threat. Yeah. I know we met in the western states. I know. Are's talking more about how else we ain't made personal. Why are we creating such a con collision crisis? So why are we making madness? You know, I'm not thinking that there's any kind of bush here. You have so much, my back hurts. crazy people to coexist because peaceful coexistences is a may be pambi is a mason that's the only way the planets got to keep spin around hate break the new stallies hox out there all these people that are rattling their spares and want to make them s full of the field much though that's only but we're gonna exist well i i'm sorry maybe i'm jaded because i'm getting up the years like you but you know what it seems like the same a rattling always intensifies around the election and it dies down uh... i'm far never bought this whole thing i think he's trying to fix what his daddy didn't take care of one time ago and i think daddy started it back then because the election to i just don't buy the whole thing i'm sure it's you didn't work out to the did it no sure didn't i guess like most bush is he has no other than yet the end of the bed will actually want to say to come up that's right okay five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty and two horizon wireless line it's a lot of a lot of five sixty w q m in our guy's size does matter at a corner of the floor to the part of labor computer professionals have really big ones we're talking about paychecks according to the state of florida computer careers are among the highest paid in the highest demand and fast-ranking up you achieve your new high paying computer career that's the underlying part high paying computer career it is for sure months fast-rins got locations in candle Miami fortlutter at all time or pines with the evening weekend schedules there's no excuses in your current quattacrapied at a job so if you really and if you don't want to come to work here at q i i'm selling if you're not a sports nut here's the answer for you call fast-ranking a real job call one eight six six fast-rins that's one eight six fast-rins got full-time job placement guarantee financing waiting for you to call them today or check them out of the web at fast-rins dot com because you two could have a big fat paycheck one eight six six fast train five local six six five six three your your you a where a exploding ball when we go out tonight i think that you might see a side of the you ain't seen before don't eat a lot for get real comfortable the less of a sneak out my bad door you will a big summer sea and drop to your knees blow down all the windows because i'm about to cut the cheese when to talk about like tell me don't feel too wet i thought it was gonna smell a little bit tonight you're gonna smell mine where in the relationship it's the go on and take us there because i'm about to let you out with but tonight you're gonna smell mine there's nowhere i hope it in a problem there's something coming out of my uh... eleven sixteen at five sixty w qm wall in dear field right say a long fact here in the city says mailman just delivered my latest purchase from amazon dot com goreville's dreaming war blood for warland a cheney bush junta oughta take about three hours to eat when uh... sandals uh... emailed me yesterday from vagus where she's hanging out and said this book is even better than the they would rock book blinded by the right some of the one by like nine couple of days dreaming war blood for all in the cheney bush junta by gory dog oh yeah well we know about him he's not yet exactly but hey to had to keep a smart as somebody's people we talked to every day uh... behind the end of the other uh... stupid as phone that guy was classic he was perfect he's what america unfortunately is becoming more and more every minute of every day that guy and all of his ditto hits i can't believe that i think it's that right wing media portraying it that way uh... uh... right the actual the protests and by the way thanks again a corkies for a great lunch my blood should be about what six thirty by about now four fifty is that like char broiled brisket would you have on their i have i have an anti-grisket yes of course we'll get to our new one comedy but sorry in every moment of now to see by putting that all out there that guarantees that all the brisket's gonna disappear and if i don't have at least one of those little brisket's i'm gonna be really pissed off car loss we're gonna be treated yeah he looks like a retriever i take that back that's an insult to my dogs or you didn't say gold retriever gone w q a n how you doing okay sir hey uh... all this the deal is just a bunch of propaganda change the subject we're in serious economic trouble with all the trade agreements with nasta in gatton so on a 500 billion dollar trade deficit for the next two years with her stendemic rads or the republicans they're gonna be given rattling the saver to change the subject as we're going into what superior recession depression and this is about changing the subject and what happens if us on the side of the side of the gutt his back who is while he decides to uh... have an incendiary event and all the right he will feel to stay they've they've they've feel that he's already planted them exposed explosives uh... all the world feels there at least a two thousand yeah well this is possible but it's over eighty ninety percent of where people did not trust our government and our government need to be what's going to happen to the economy if he does that and the world also well i think there's serious problem with that but that's not going to take the economy down with all these trade agreements uh... we're in big trouble and they're going to use the i-rackie just as they use the nine eleven to blame the economy or we're going to do into a depression and they're going to use nine eleven and i-rack and or north Korea as an excuse for this recession to practice just remember what to remember what happened with trickle body economics the first time in early eighties under ragan that they all rave about give us another recession depression same thing because it doesn't work it's it's uh... as George bush said to senior herberg walker voodoo economics remember he called that we read again yeah but you're missing the big picture went when we went when we have we all these trade agreements with Mexico and china uh... you know this was a democrat uh... the equipment and gore and in a republican congress that gave it to us both parties gave it to us amen because they both suck thank you and have a great day all the new year so far as the i think they both suck that's how far as an i-rack how many years of i been saying that the the democratic party is only useful for one thing and that is being a buffer but as far as being productive or being uh... uh... positive forget about it forget about it because most of them are controlled by the same as special and twisted controller public homes field says i admire your ability to not get so emotional about political issues i listen to both sides of the rack issue and i'm amazed how historical right wingers get they're the post you children for hypocrisy as evident by your recent callers have a listening to caller colonoscopy pal on nip and tuck at the most in consequential bs and latimum to legitimize jordies war plans and uh... two monochrome chunks he wants to roll chunks this guy whoo like that there's one for you and make matters worse i'm sitting at work being forced by this swill by four radio's turned to coal in ball says to all my god but we're not going to do that to fill well not that's it that was enough you look at the french guy he's got his uh... first lips like he's not buying any of this i see when you know this french don't you oh yeah like that one other alone to take we had well let's let's drop bombs on france and then make your own germany let's just start www three to make some of these macho guys feel better that's time to go to their vfw meeting if it's still there vfw three yeah how come they're passing me the stuff that we've already got on our website about Michael Jackson the scotsman police group nice action documentary the district attorney of Santa Barbara County California's to scrutinize the documentary which Michael Jackson admitted involving y'all inviting young children to sleep in his bed in case martin vashiers program can be used to open the door to new prosecution they're going to be watching with eagle eye when sunabc tomorrow night forget about that program tomorrow night worry a lot more about the show it's on abc a week from tomorrow night next Thursday the 13th of tabuary was that what a short memory he's got uh... it's these uh... hot body hold the hot hot body all now we're happy to leave it up to me mister sex pod in here mister uh... you know hot shot uh... strip club uh... swing club all the stuff and i'm the one i had to like invent britney spirit room that he never heard of and also the one who's got a turn on this are you hot on abc remember all that's a search for america sexiest people next thursday perborate eight o'clock eastern seven o'clock central market on the counter he's marking it down right now next Thursday the 13th of fennuary there you go this one where i read this which uh... in the uh... in the uh... choir no less they got big full page color ads interview paper and they only show these of people guy and a check here with her from the neck down and that's all you need to see from the chin down take a look at the melons that she might as well be stark naked uh... okay and my pretty close she's close out here in t one thing she had a user brick before they took this picture she's got on a bikini about the size of the black snow and as far as he's concerned i'd say the one thing he looks as good from the chin up as he does from the chin down look out next Thursday for more 13 as abc final discovers america wants to see hot good looking people as opposed to most of these ugly people that they put on these dating shows these uh... so call reality shows nobody wants to really see that could put in the watch and it all because there's nothing else on and the fact of the matter is that network tv and the crapper because now and now more people have more choices eighty billion channels real digital cable which most of us don't have here but in most places real digital cable satellite dishes direct tv dish tv all kinds of crap how do you like that vvd's vvd's that's what we want to see time waiting is bvd's so what was that guiding she ate what time is in on five six seven oh five sixty think we're watching and they have were watching lots of she yet right now to that have more than a decade approved you know okay good but where is it where is it called rolling colon we want to see if we want to hear what we want to feel it we want to squeeze it prove this i mean this is you know it's like saying uh... here's the proof and whether we can what do you believe it or not we're going to go in any way stay in the was what's the point another dog and pony show just like the new airport security remember i kept on with the dog and he's shown all the and he's finding box cutters and keep finding box cutters and the uh... and the seat pockets uh... in front of the seats all the other crafters to keep going on the national guard we're standing there to make us feel safe where we say no we're just lucky is how we have a more crap going on yet yet and it seems to me and of course don't forget it was George tenet the director of the cia who said gonna happen not a question of if it's just a question of when it's gonna happen it's gonna be bad and we're gonna take all these resources we got all these troops over there the middle east again for war on your rack while we're reading at the same time that al-Qaeda's like reorganizing are we done enough can understand by the way we don't have no and let me say this to you with the risk of sounding in sense because it pisses me off okay because as far as i'm concerned one american life is just his value one human life is just as valuable as anybody else's and how about all the american troops that have lost their lives over there in afghanistan and in a cool way to where getting shot and killed by these barbarians almost every day how come we don't see them on television and here all of their names and about their families and who the hell they were right and since we don't have this draft all of them obviously volunteered to serve their countries of their obviously heroes how come we don't hear a hell of a lot more about them i'm not trying to downplay the you know the sadness of the thing with the astronauts who had to be human sacrifices to because NASA didn't have the funny and do the proper things in the space shuttle and now more and more as kind of like leaking out like the article we started to show with today there were human sacrifice just like the school teacher in that crew on the calendar scientists beg them warned them the all rings that they get too cool if they're out there and freezing temperatures it's tremendous danger there's a good chance that the thing will blow up guess what they left because the timing they had to get it done for the state of the union address oh that to one with the school teacher mommy five six seven oh five six very very sad very sad how few people can pick for themselves in his country and if somebody says oh look at that there's a tube though that there are differences of opinion there is controversy about what these tubes of four well yeah and of course you don't know what they're for and you're about the only one you and your uh henchman you know I could make a bond with that thing that would just a bond with your brains that's a bond with you're bringing it over again anybody want to buy some drugs from George he's got a sale on this week because time to go tough sell some drugs to you Carlos just raises Andy said he'll buy for me he don't he don't do it on credit okay Carlos and he also doesn't take checks at least not your checks 26 past eleven thank god we got that big no no one hour come and see I didn't I tell you I don't know if you'll I knew that today was I didn't get that book and idea that I had nice I ain't gonna tomorrow what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna be here between nine and ten play comedy bits for an hour then I'm gonna let George do tend to know and then I'm gonna come back from an isolated branch and I'll play comedy bits no one how do you like that time jica yeah I like it a lot oh you got to read a couple bedtime stories no while you're on I'll tape them okay I'm always being a bedtime when I segue I sleep out on a crappy old mattress while the answer is don't do it any more because you're gonna feel like crap your your mattress has a lot to do with your whole physical being in a way you feel they don't get a good night's safe you feel like crap take it from me do the smart thing called alimetric just sit there on your big fat lazy ass make one easy call to one eight hundred mattress and that's all you have to do they've got the best mattresses in the world silly surah simmons king coil every size and style under the sun some places make you sleep on unimetric 30 to 60 nice before you can even exchange it not a telematrix you've got 30 days to try it out 30 day comfort exchange policy no hassles it all it's unparalleled on the universe just like their delivery policy they deliver any day seven days a week in the tour window that you choose when it's convenient for you and you know you're gonna be home instead of wasting a day of your life sitting on your ass praying that somebody shows up you can't be the all the way around and especially their everyday little prices too so if you want to sleep in comfort tonight in every night called animatris right now there'll be there as soon as today call 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATT-RES for dollar mattress the answer for a perfect night sleep we are sports radio five c.c. 2 AM fully mac and odd this is Joe Bowen the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God if anybody has a opinion this ending from our way we'll play your name and food us is now as in the meat of the stays don't even stand on to question everybody's running both in the us, it's only you everyone got the feline i clicked on you Click on deportation and your署 includes스타 Yeah, gotta take those two! And Clinton's Ibaros too! Believe everything we tell you! And the same one you! Bloodward, foreport, man! Feel up your skull, hey! A robe and tainy push, man! Back at school yesterday! We don't mind you see our job, so! A bad amount is blue! We're passing ain't it fine, K-lo! Don't need no stupid bull! All the worries we've seen! The facts of Paris can weigh! Everybody's turned in five years! Blackness you were saved! Love the 33 of five, 60, WKM and my on-do-them are my on-do-them! What did I say to you before I checked out their website, freerepovic.com? I said, looks like the freepers around our pole, all of a sudden, because all of a sudden, right to the top went, I'm all for Warmen and Rock, Let's Roll! And I mean, it just doesn't happen that way, it doesn't work. We would do these two long. That's why I click on freerepovic.com. Did you say freepublic.com? I click hop right in, where it says they're on your homepage, on your front page. And I hop right in, we have about halfway down on the first page. Neo Rogers, which they can't even spell right. Can you get it right? There's no D in my name. Okay, D is in dumb and dangerous and paranoid. Isn't paranoid at the end of the D, yes. Neo Rogers, pull, let's free put! And then they got our website, it's set of them, and so on. And with three comments, let's see what the comments are, okay? So what we're going to have to do, Eric, is we're going to have to put commentary to a disqualify. I want to put some note on our website that we're aware of the fact that freerepovic.com is Freeping and the distorting our poll today. He's freepped this poll, he's ripping bush today. Oh, let's see anything else. Freepped this poll, I got you, I got you, I got you. Am I the only one who hasn't heard of Neo Rogers, so somebody, well, I had to do it. And this guy's spell right. He has a pretty funny guy. Because Neo ribs W each and every day, what a shock he's funny about once every three weeks. Oh, well, that's good. I'll let you know what the interview. Dolly freepped, but it needs help, right? Somebody else has the feeppers out of organizing. They're going to get all their right wingers. They're going to get together. They're going to vote. And you know what? Disqualify. Anytime we could discover that our poll is being distorted and freepped by people extremist on any of any yield, no matter what the issue is, they're disqualifying. Okay? So cut the crap. You just wasting your time free Republican calm. Or you freeppers, creeper, creeper, creeper, creeper, creeper, creeper, creeper, I think it's the creepers. Hey, Bokebrun. Yeah, there's a good bit for you. Cheepers, creepers, we're getting a creepers. And they're just barely in first place by the way. So everybody else vote 10 times. Everybody else who doesn't agree with this. And this is so sad. Like I said, it's like a bunch of little children. They have to will learn each other that there's actually somebody on there, giving an alternate point of view. As if. Coming, what impact have we got here? And people are coming on here and voting. You don't even know who that lie am. Don't know me from a banana. Much less have any idea what they show us all about. We are looking a little John, just lately. Yeah, I feel a little John, just. About using such devices. Well, maybe that's what did it. Maybe I had a two-deep in mind. Right, though. I don't know. Six hundred-nade votes. What's your take on what were the rack? I'm all for it. Let's roll 163, 26.8%, but. That'll put that warning up on your Eric to what about how they're, every vote there. And there is a helping our fund our gauge ender. So they're in a real catch, 22. They're really boxed in here on this thing now. Every time they, every time they log on to every time we get another hit on their website, it's helping the fund our, when the Eric calls our gauge ender. Yeah. All for it. Let's roll 163. Haven't been convinced it's justified 151. Strongly against 146. I support him, but I'm nervous about it. 83. Let's take care of North Korea first. All right. 48. And don't know. 117. Boy, well, I'm telling you, scary. What's going on with this country today? Just a scary. I mean, you know, polls are polls. Don't have all of them much significance. But this paranoid, the enderthall group of right wingers, man. Everything's got to be just according to oil. And nobody can say this. And nobody can talk about condolese. And certainly nobody can criticize colon pal. And nobody can criticize. W. Or rum spell or change. Or any of these people. And what, what, what, what, what, what is that part of the USA Patriot act? Is it say that in there? Yes. Oh. Is that kind of when we rolled back the first amendment? It's put to that manifesto that nobody seems to talk about. The right wing manifesto. I forgot about that. And you know what else I forgot to work this morning? My hip food. I was born. Oh, there it is. Eric is put to my notice. Please feel free and or free. The procytips to fund our agenda. A real dilemma, isn't it? Or is we say north of the border? A real dilemma. A like. We did that maple leaf, sir. And I. A little message for Pat Quinn. Okay. I know you guys you down here for a few days. The all star break. Probably played a lot of golf. And maybe show up tonight. Would be good. Okay. We very nice of you. Actually show up and play the game as opposed to what often happens. You know. Get lulled and like. And we're not really into it. Just go through the motions. We don't want to see that. We got to make a leap. We want to see a real ass kicking game tonight. And we don't want to see no Trevor kid in there. We want it to be a linear night. Okay. I just mentioned that in passing Pat. Maybe my friends Joe and Harry will pass that along you. Certainly now, remember he's probably getting free lunch right now. So the feepers are there on our case again today. Isn't that a shame? Don't you feel like. Oh, unclean. He's ripping bush today. Oh my god. I wonder how come if we. How come we all played all those built Clinton priorities. They never got excited about that. Oh, they got excited. But at least at least they admit I'm funny about once there be three weeks. Well that's good. Could you put that on the calendar for us? March 15th. Right around the eyes of March. Should you say March? Yeah. March right down here. Hershey Highway. 22 till noon. Colin Powell still going. Bop. Bop. I'm back dad. Yeah. Bop. He's still marching on bag. He's got the bag dead. Hey, I'll tell you place where they got the great food and that's florist pizza. They've been there about 700 years. While almost every other business in that neck of the woods has gone by by. And we did all I talk about that. It's just amazing how many businesses have come and gone. There was juniors like across the street and there was like, uh, all of them sonny's market. All of those things. And most of them are just gone. But florist is still there and the food is better than ever. Nothing comes out of the can. It's all fresh and you'll taste the difference when you pop it in your post. The first they made dough, the sauce, the first they made garlic rolls. Which they baked right there every day of florist. The portions are gigantic and these more cheese and meats on their pies than anyone in town. I love it when that cheese is oozing all over the place. You'll be fighting for that last slice of piece of it from florist. Don't take our words for it. Find out for yourself. Go to 731 northeast 79 street on a dog. Just off this cane boulevard. That 79 just a couple of eight streets east. Lots east of this cane, right? Well, we haven't been there in so long. I mean, I remember the bridge tender. Or call florist 305 758 5351. That's 305 758 5351 and Elf deliver for it. Del deliver from 34th in the scan all the way to 135th in the scan. They'll go to Quayside, the cricket club, the Jockey Club, florist even delivers as far west as 12th Avenue and east to Collins 71st. If you're nice to little duty when you call by the way, she'll tell you about the great pizza specials. Like 1399 for a large cheese pie, lead to resoda and sick delicious chicken wings, all of these things. Only 1399. Call florist or some of the best challenge aid county call 305 758 5351. 305 758 5351 and tell them that fat knee will totally decall. Fierlevard and loll, this is for 205 658. You fudge back? I'd have been around those happy days. Those sunny days of just three years ago. You're here. All my stops just keep on rising and I kept on fantasizing, though that you're. Then a long team number 43 just like that must off-speak into the sky. I don't like to throw no blame around, but it looks like Georgia took me for a ride. Sing GW's Bush and I mix, so fly a side economic blue. There is need to make you feel good from your head down to the holes in your shoes. Join your friends and neighbors, help you ain't got nothing to do. Sing GW's Bush and I mix, so fly a side economic blue. How about those folks that end wrong? Man they really took a hit to big time. And don't forget those accounts and guys, what they did with the numbers is so bright. And all those other companies left all their employees high in dry. It just ain't the good old American way. It almost makes a growing man wanna cry. Sing GW's Bush and I mix, so fly a side economic blue. You're gonna be so good to make you feel good from your head down to the holes in your shoes. Join your friends and neighbors, help you ain't got nothing to do. You got me, so I did off-speak. Sing GW's Bush and I mix, so fly a side economic blue. I'm gonna throw them with you lucky. And those billion dollar did the end. Tax cut proposals that's a spread. For the country and all we can't mean, we somebody tell me what's good. It caught about the real world. It had to say old George ain't got a clue. Now we're, let's just send him back to Texas for this trickle, down exceeding the name blue. I got a roll. Sing GW's Bush and I mix, so fly a side economic blue. Bye bye. Gary G's the make you feel good from your head down to the holes in your shoes. Yeah. Join your friends and neighbors, help you ain't got nothing to do. Sing GW's Bush and I mix, so fly a side economic blue. Come on America, let's all sing. Sing GW's Bush and I mix, so fly a side economic blue. I'm dying out of the air. G'd to make you feel good from your head down to the holes in your shoes. Yeah. Join your friends and neighbors, help you ain't got nothing to do. Sing GW's Bush and I mix, so fly a side economic blue. And like I said, it was daddy George Herbert Walker Bush. M-O-R-O-N. Who called that supply side economics that trickled down theory? Voodoo economics. Remember that? Diary them. Just like it was only 10 years ago 20 runnyloads. 560, 560, 560 on a AT&T and Verizon line. The free-present free-republic.com are working not so favorously any more. Maybe they're trying to get their spelling right. To show you what a bunch of rocket scientists there. They put the big red headline there on the stories that you should really breathlessly look at. Let's reap this bull. Neal Rogers with a D, which of course is misspelled even Roy and Dale know that. And then if you look beneath it where they've got the link to the website, there's the correct spelling of the website. What does otherwise it wouldn't go to? Yeah. I understand that, but it... Oh boy. 560, 560, 560, 560 on a AT&T line. And Colin Powell is still rolling Colin. It should be a subject of deep and continuing concern. Good. WQAM. WQAM. My bones are too loose. WQAM. Y'all fuck. Okay, they're all out today in force. WQAM. Hey. Yes sir. Hey, I have a concern and the concern is that your show is turning more into a Randy Road show. No, it's not. Yes it is. No sir. Oh, that's the conversation. Huh? I think that was him again. I see. See, you know what really gets me? And you people are as transparent as a pain and glass. When I was doing a bedtime story. Do you remember this business we used to discuss whether you're on insulated, they didn't like it? No, no, don't do this. It's too political and you're too critical of the president. And all that is a not even thinly veiled, a totally unveiling naked attempt to try to dissuade me from expressing an adult alternative point of view. This ain't the Randy Road show. We got more people listen in five minutes and she's had ever since she's been on your put together. Okay, who are you kidding? This is like ball radio and that's what this stirms you. And if it's turning into something you don't like anybody with a brain would turn it off. That's all you're trying to do is do everything in your power. If you can't get me off the air, which you can't and won't. If you can't do that, try to make him go back just to be as simple as it all. Well, you know what we're trying to do, balance like we always have. A lot of fun, a lot of funny stuff, give people a few laughs, but also have something to say. Something different from the same as Swilda, same repetitions. Laptop, that I did, I did, I had crap that he had a nonstop 24 hours of day, run a clock at every station in America. And if you think that has any impact on us, blow it out your ass, it doesn't. Has no impact on anybody. They're like a bunch of naked people running up and down the street. WQAM? Yeah, I've never requested. WQAM? Hey, study. WQAM? Great ball the fire. WQAM? Hey, Emil. Yes sir. As far as the Iraq situation is concerned, we all do respect to your opinion. We just can't do it. We're not a state's we, we can't sit around and wait for the inspector to go around going from to the place to find these things. The middle east of Pintas, no matter what we do, if we restrain from doing it, if we do it, we're going to do it. It's still going to hate us just as much. Well, let me ask you this one. Wait a minute. The middle east haths us and what's the rest of that? Well, the middle east haths us, so no matter what we do, so in other words, if we go in there and start dropping bombs on Iraq, the middle east of the ISIS, a lot? It doesn't matter. There's no compromise with those. So let me say this. So many are assuming your argument is correct. Okay. So many are absolutely right for the sake of argument. Now why should we risk the lives of all of those thousands and thousands of military people, those young people, Americans, and all the millions of people over there with whom we have no quarrel, the people in Baghdad are our enemies. Well, we don't know that for sure. We don't know that for sure. So what should we do? Kill all of them? One out, one out, one out. We got a better idea. No, that was a great concept. We don't know for sure who our, you know, which people are the enemy. So let's just kill everybody else. Let God sort about. Let God sort it out. Let's just, we got all those nukes. They're just sitting there gathering dust. Let's just use them all, okay? If you don't use it, you lose it. And let's carry this imperialistic thing. And to the ultimate, let's just blow up the whole world. Kill everybody else. That's a good reason to go to war too, because they don't like us. Right. They don't like us. I see. I wonder why. And this is going to make them really love us. Like Connie said, now they will fear you. I noticed that the, the water not see that a really interesting job in this break. But that's okay, because pony tail is in Grower County in Florida's in Dave. You know what I said? She's got our two wonderful live for pizza places. Back to back. That's going there. Water not see. We know you don't make mistakes. We know that. Probably too busy with your O.J. blow up the all back there. 15 to a five 60. I have a feeling I could be wrong. Have a feeling it's a really good thing. We got that noon to one comedy bit. Come on up. Give us a nice rest. But so we can digest lunch sure in a relaxed and enjoyable manner. And, and you have nothing to fear by the way. Those of you who are concerned about whether I'm going to continue sitting here reading bedtime stories and trying to save the world from itself on this little tiny radio station in Miami. You have nothing to worry about because it's a waste of time. Like I've said before. Look at the cause we just got. Just listen to the cause we just got. We're the rest of the thoughtful people. We're voting on this poll. We're strong against it. Are they calling? No, no. They ever call? No. Of course not. Because they're all sitting back, which is why politically the country depend on us. We're going so far. They're right because everybody else is in Lala land. They stole the election away from me. They stole your government away from me. And you're all back sitting there and of course keeping your real busy trying to scrape a few cents together. That helps too. That's part of the game plan. 1153 at 5 60 WQM. You don't have to have a big budget to go to the pizza loft because their prices are incredibly low. Even Jeff Remark had afford to take his whole family there and pay for it. He went too happy about it. But you'll be happy because the food is fresh. It's delicious. Every Monday is Luzang United every Tuesday's eggplant night at the pizza loft. And both locations by the way. By one of these dinners on these nights. Get the second one for only five bucks. Every Wednesday like today. Kids eat feed with adults and they can see just famous magic show. Every Thursday is black night at the loft. Come on. A motorcycle by one dinner. Get the second frown price. Fresh delicious pasta all cooked toward a three different kinds of great pizza. The best garlic rolls in the world. They got calzones. They got seafood chicken, veal and the all kinds of other great Italian dishes that you'll love. You'll find them in the Davy. On the University drive between Grivin and 595 for takeout or delivery there called 954 9168880. When you go in there tell Remark can't afford it. Please let him in. Eat in here for free. We don't want to see a grown man cry. And in plantation now the brand new pizza loft location. Right off the corner of downhill and sunrise right behind Walgreens. They're in that little strip shopping center. 954 3A 299 for takeout delivery and catering 954 3A 299 don't forget that's a brand new one. The same great food, the same low price of the same friendly service. Right behind Walgreens. Navhill and sunrise in plantation. Why in local? We're sports radio 560 suing. You a m. Where it be that 12 the one I are on WQA. Ladies and gentlemen. If I could offer only one tip for the future. Act strange and people will leave you alone. The rest of my advice has no basis more reliable than my own me and her inexperience. Put a slinky around your neck and try to walk down stairs backwards head first. Sit naked in a large bowl of rice crisps and singing feelings while the kernels go snap crackle in top. Go up to a tip of the food and try to stick your head to the hole with a say how much. Rick, a stranger. Tell them you're from Bosnia and you're a country at the sign of respect. Take lots of pills. One of them might work. Occasionally as the stranger they've heard anything from Lewis. D. A. N. During an IRS audit, staple the guys hand to his desk. Moon, a funeral. Play a go fetch with a scene I dog while he's working. Run naked through a mall yelling, kill her bees, kill her bees. Say there were a titty without smiling. Try to figure out who said polysure should star in movies. Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids. Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it. This appears for great lengths of time. Try to touch your forehead with your tongue. It may not work, but many women will appreciate the effort. At a high school reunion tell your old English teacher that your dog still eating your homework. Ask Mark McGuire to take a million dollars for one of his books. Try to find a secret to Karatop's success. Understand your conception was an accident that your parents got wasted and wanted a few more last before they passed out. Try not to lose your finger in your nose. Take a bath costless and possum on a lawn nits door. Go on a car trip with Bob Custliss and force of the state as car seat. Try to dribble about costs. Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness. Knowing you, you've done some crap that's really epistomorrow. Wish no good will to anyone unless you don't like them. Then screw them on their own. Realize anyone who says that completely happy are completely full of crap. Ask a hell's angel if he's a woman or has he always walked like that. Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them. Smith and old lady. Imagine gomarpile in a gay bar trying to get lucky. Do this without laughing. Find what's left of urin sauce. Understand it, embrace it, protect it, and every so often take it out for a nice nush. Karatop, not to care. Home while you eat. That strange and people will eat you alone. Coming up tonight on Inside of Behind the True Hollywood Celebrity Music biography profile story. We take it good, hard, stiff looking to start him. As America's new patriotism takes hold, what better time to reconsider some British girl who thought she had the right to sing a song about our great country. Yeah, that's right. I'm talking about you, Kim Wild. I think it's time we added the name of Kim Wild to an ever growing axis of evil. President George W. Bush last outed Kim Wild. In a recent state of the basic cable celebrity profile address. There are plenty of fun Americans you could have provided and upbeat, but somewhat critical Pop tune about our young people. We cannot allow this British import to go unpunished. The president went on to point out that even the singer's follow-up hit, you keep me hanging on. Was a remake of an American song. Well, will you people let me go? I mean, send me free why don't you? Tonight, Kim Wild speaks to us from our wiring closure at Guantan, will be Cuba. I appeal to the United States to realize and having to allow the hits and then disappearing all the way up. What? It's punishment now! Loirs for the prosecution are prepared to argue that Kim Wild's music actually punished us back in the 80s. It's a big juicy, stopping wet-look at show business tonight, on inside the behind. Some mouthful curry of the source it can pour a taste. That tastes more goren and so concise, Cuba, bitten and gage in a fake bulletin. I'm a crazy homophore. Not that I mind it but I'm way too old. I fantasize about fear and death. In a twist with feet low my man friend in the day. I'll just make up with generous of things. And then ask him to break my bun. Oh, there's no over again. So I would not feel for more spoiled. No! And I would not be ashamed about a ginger and more gay union. Just fold and then stroke it away. Boy, make it be yours at my kite. Yes, sound like a mine year old kid. Aaaaah! Only a macho menly guy. You don't know this! That makes me flip my wig. If ginger was a lover of mine, I'd bury my bulbous mani-no. Inside is simply re-rended today. No, I would not be a spoiled home. Ow! If I was not a closet of faith, That's why a ginger and more gay union would make me feel guilty in a gay. Everybody follow my thousand balls. Yeah, ginger and more gay union. That would make my sorrow fully as juicy. If we had a ginger and more gay union, Then he wouldn't have to get me raped. Oh, that's a lie! Oh, my heart burned. No, no, no, every time I see. No, no, no, no, no. That's a free garden in which. No, no, no, no, no. My TV, he's president of the... Hey, re-publican, what's all this? And in our gay, we're in hide-off. I don't know why. Say a word, I want to say a word. But no, he's here. There's cruiser there for you. With president of the... No, no, no, no. Oh, that I can do. No, no, no, no, no. And get to win the voted more. Here you are, there's... No, no, no, no, no. If, strum and stupid heat. No, no, no, no. And this drug, it rich kid. No, no, no, no, no. Easy there. No, no, no, no. You're a... He's president of the... Yeah, no, no, no, no. You got him in my hook or a cross. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. You and I have a hell of faith. We've got a great leader here. With president of... No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. Really, no, no. President of... I was standing there one day. Not thinking I would die. From being able to make this a juggle. I should never keep it down. I'll make that mostly track this out. My bowels. And... How can you die from infected balls? Who did these butcher doctors in? Now my heart stops. You fucks inside, I'm your lion just as I'm... I guess I should have known what to expect. Did they end my having? With the kind of service you've given this down. I would act to leave you. I'm so grown here, but even it's that grass I swallow. Why did you let me soak you alive? I'm dying out of here. Why did you lose us? Get it right. My bow will be blocked. Inside my honey, can't make my church grow. The church is the sun. The church is the sun. The church is the sun. He just can't leave. He just can't leave. He'll go to lunch already. Will you please before I play some really good stuff? It's 8 minutes. It's fast noon. At 5.60 QA. See that nervous lamp? Now this poster in the sun center is smallville poster. First of all, it's much ado about nothing. It's like nothing. It's really very bad. It's dark and it's even party. It's interesting part of it is though you notice he's at Clark's way off to the side. There's a lot of it and waiting back is like, He's like doing a commensainess. Looks like he's taking a leak in the field or something. Where are his hands? Yeah, I mean, far beyond for me. He's looking at the court of the side. Make sure she ain't looking. She's looking like off to the side. Notice in all the episodes, what's that thing on? You're going to have to? Something like that. Never touched her. Much less kiss. I'm never touched. Never like it. A little on a shoulder or a little anything. Am I right about that? Maybe he. Oh no, I take that back because when what's his name died when it Word came back that, remember they had the crazy, what was his name? The boyfriend, the blonde kid that went over. Whatever his name. Crazy kid. And then he like, Comforterter. He can give her a comforter. But that's it. Maybe he's afraid he'll hurt her. Yeah, he sure wasn't afraid of hurting Chloe yesterday. And of course this, she's got a hermone in a. When is getting good, he's got a shirt off. She's rolling around on top of him. And then they little red thing popped out. You know, like, just like that. The red rock. The little red rock popped off. Well, he is from outer space. How is the pull coming? He'll leave being freaked pull. Let's see. What's your take on Word with the rack? I noticed that some of our people are responding to freerepublic.com. And I rightfully so nice job. I mean, these, these people have no life. They sit around. First of all, I could, you almost understand if they're so politically paranoid that they wanted to distort the views of the public. But if it's on a CNN pool and MSNVC pool, something like that, something like that, you know, that the public pays any attention to time magazine pool. But Neil Rogers in Miami, who now, what, what, what, what, what, this is for fun among our listeners. But they're so damn paranoid that even this, ah, we found one. It's something for them to do, you know, on days when they're not playing golf. 813 votes. What's your take on Word with the rack? All four. Let's rule 2018. I'm strong against it. 2013 getting pretty close all your freepers out there, but it gets busy. Haven't been convinced it's justified. 95. I support it, but I'm nervous about it. 106. Let's take care of North Korea for 64. And just don't know. 17. I don't know. I do know one thing. We're all at food. Thanks again to corkies. That was great. But don't do it again. Oh, man. Do you have you got any idea to buy my food? Yeah. I got an idea. I saw it. I'm gone. He's a lift. Need to ride home. I lift. Not a ride. I need to lift like a crane with a crane. Hey, by the way, sky sized as matter. Not size of your public. We're not talking about. According to the Florida Department of Labor computer professionals have really big ones. Big fat impressive paychecks. According to the state of Florida computer careers are among the highest paid and in highest demand a great combination. Fast-ranking up you achieving new high-paying computer careers for short months. They've got locations in Kendall. In Miami, Fort Lauderdale, and Pemberpines, with day evening and weekend schedules there's no use to stay near that end job and work for crap. Pick up the phone right now. Start making a reel. Living call 866 Fast-Train Tool-Free. That's 1-866 Fast-Train. They've got full-time job placement and guaranteed financing too. Check them out of the web at Fast-Train.com or call them this moment instantly. There's no obligation. They'll explain it to you. 1-866 Fast-Train because you can have a really big paycheck too. With a computer career from our friends at Fast-Train. My life and love. 666! Fort Real 5. 60. 2-way. Hey, it's funny. Well, congratulations, get a life. Did you see all ratings for the last book? Yeah, I know it's what's on it. Sure, good afternoon, yes. What's your back attack when you're home with some old-knob? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. What's your back attack when you're home with some old-knob? No, no, no! I got enough, I got to think about it on top, I get raped and I don't need a rating that the miners ate. Don't care, I didn't do longer than a ton of snow and get out of white little hudder on the guests too, mom. The roasted guts to go. There's a lot of fat producers, you know. That's right, what's the fat fat? No, you won't wait for more, no more, no more, no more. What's your fat fat? No, you won't wait for more, no more. Oh, brother, I'll let blah blah, I don't understand. And you can eat from a truck while you're in both hands. Perfect, that's much a meter rating's close. You just like cleaning it's all your fault. And a straight-due flat ass out. Well, I'll take the food out of you a mouth. That's right, much a fat fat. For you won't wait for more, no more, no more, no more, no more. Much a fat fat. For you won't wait for more, no more. Is it what we said? Get back to that. Or you won't wait for more, no more, no more, no more, no more. What's your fat fat fat? Or you won't wait for more, no more. You won't wait for more, no more. Yes, lucky you've got a fat fat. And I won't wait for more, no more. I'll let you do that. You love Shakira's tongue, can't hear it. I don't need your close. Oh, no more, no more. Doesn't even look my story. It's a girl. That's not her. And now you'll love her new album. Shakira's in other people's hits. I'm ready to sing. I'm ready to sing. Oh, I'm ready to sing. She already made music history by recording her first English language album. And now she's taking her art form to the next level. By re-recording songs that were already hits in English, only this time, very English, okay? I'm so proud of you. I'm ready to sing. I'm ready to sing. I'm ready to sing. Shakira's in other people's hits. Still no more. No more. You can't have that more on my deep. Shakira sings that the people's are. Shakira's in more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more. If you really, really like Shakira's CD, laundry service, then you really, really, really like her new CD. Shakira sings that their people's hits. No-geny, most of us, when you all in this, those momentos. Shakira sings that the people's hits. Shakira sings that the people's hits. Shakira sings that the people's hits. Shakira sings that the people's hits. Shakira sings that the people's hits. Shakira sings that the people's hits. Shakira sings that the people's hits. Shakira sings that the people's hits. Shakira sings that the people's hits. Shakira sings that the people's hits. Shakira sings that the people's hits. Shakira sings that the people's hits. Shakira sings that the people's hits. Shakira sings that the members've gained. Shakira sings that the people's hit. Shakira sings that the people's hit. Hemphasizing they're upset. Bar 조 intel, as soon as they see them, there's nothing else. Shakira sings that the people's hits. Shakira sings that the people's hits. Shakira sings that the people's hits. Shakira sings that the people's hits. Shakira sings that the people's hits. Shakira sings the people's hits. Shakira sings that the people listen to. With my body and booty That's where they're the blood Cause of such a cute reach One of the things I would buy But be such a beggar But be such a beggar Squared, squared Wed up, little Georgie, Wed up To out, little Georgie, chill out The people have been bold And this is what you've been told About to the one they don't want more So put your plans on, hold, wait up, little Georgie Hold up, little Georgie We'll, we don't, we try to get old summer Why don't we get with our home, our We're, we're gonna tell the world And they say, no, we're, we're gonna be Georgie Hold up, little Georgie We don't, we know, sadom is really a bit threat But no one wants to see world more Three-ed, Wed up, little Georgie She's happy, little Georgie We ought to stay home Wed up, little Georgie, wait up Chill out, little Georgie, chill out Before he's in our man Be sure to count it 10 For he blow the crap out of the erected Listen to the you and wait up, little Georgie Hold up, little Georgie, chill out, little Georgie She talks to guys, but lousy, dick sure Hey, honey, it's gonna be fun, he's a drink Then he'll greet, oh Joe Enjoy day, that's a day, yeah He asked, how do you come here off? What's the babe like you doing at a ball's up going like this? Can't I get you a drink, oh me He'll throw mine that assort him, I lift it, that's for rare, you know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah, go away You know, you're beautiful, babe I like that fish, that fish, that's beautiful You're finally a fun, long run He got to be now The right back, just waiting, he's gonna drink Where's his chinos, wait, tonight? Yeah, but don't all look good Break out the water, fifties, when the check comes Yeah, I'm into you, honey Then it's back so that's friend and that What do you mean, no, what do you mean? The nasty talks to greet us Come on, honey They all wear fancy gold jeans Come on, where do you go, baby Oh, yeah, she talks to greet us Come on, baby I'll look fan now, bring Oh, you mean so bright, so sad, that's it She talks to greet us Let's point, that's why she's wise to get away Hey, where are you? Oh, yeah, she talks with greet us She's always in the tent They only wear your clothes, come back, sweetheart This is former bath president of the United States, Al Gore I have recently put my head out of the shadows of oblivion To take potshots at the president I have reappeared, much like Pucksletani Phil The Groundhog creature that reappeared each year To determine whether or not we'll have an early spring I wish it to be known, but it was I who was responsible for saving the lives of those nine Miners in Pennsylvania over the weekend I had asked the media to keep my name out of it As not to appear a spotlight hog However, I feel the American people have a rat to know the truth Here's what happened Upon hearing of this unfortunate accident, I'll race to the thing I'll Lord myself into the mind, using an old Ron Popeau pocket fisherman and some bailing wire Down, down, down into the depths of darkness I think Never thinking of my own safety, but rather of the safety of those men on the ground When I reached the miners, they said to me, hey, you're the garden vendor, the internet, right? I said yes, we all had a mic's hard lemonade, which I brought with me down into the hole And then we sat around and re-enacted the fart scene from blaving fattles I thought you should know the truth And now, much like the groundhog creature pucks the tawny fill, I'll flank back into the darkness of oblivion until I am needed again This is our guard, Fluper Hero Me, Joe, he's rich, he's handsome, he has great taste and furniture And he has 20 beautiful women interested in him, but there's a twist, he's not interested in that It's Joe, homosexual, Fox's newest reality romance show See what happens when he's lovely lady, try to get Joe at Switch teams He didn't want to talk to me at all He just wanted to see more pictures of my brother Don't miss Joe, homosexual We were supposed to have her romantic dinner together alone, but I didn't know he was also bringing clips His friend And be sure to catch the final episode of Joe, homosexual When Joe pops the fake question, Sandra? Yes, Joe Which you? We'd be a cliff alone for a few minutes Whatever Joe, homosexual, right after Boston Public Bath House, only on fuck This weekend, we're at a currary, let me ask you a case So, what was the message from the show? Girl, come and hit the button, let us tell us a bomb, we will strong surboard 70-year-old generation sign I say, and the underdigger And violate the X's of evil In a steel cage, dead lumberjack match Also scheduled to appear, cholera, puppet mouth, and stone dead Steve Austin On Wushful Power Can you smell what Steve Seren is cooking? Then Sunday! Sunday! The crowd will shake the world milk-wing With atomic hunger Of anti-intracts, big alkyna, mean Mr. Mustard And goldberg in the world, heavyweight gentlemen Shield the sting of the sword loser In the smallpox battle royale There is no vaccine When you catch the beaver, of contagious hand-to-hand Mortal Kombat, the weapons of mass destruction World Tour This weekend The bunching on this house You're gonna see them About 255-6 At 5-16 don't step on me again At 5-16, you're gonna see them I think he's gonna get food from corkies today too I just have that feeling What is it coming to you? I'm gonna tell you, he heard me yesterday Jones and Ford and so they They decided probably would appear They're gonna send some to everybody Huh? Just to cover their bases Why not spread it around a little bit The offer could use another meal Not too much now, okay? Don't be gorgeous I'm gonna spend a pack cakes in that kishki And those delicious roe and sandwiches Like they have for one I had I seriously, I had enough food for four people Easily today And I didn't want any I was just, you know, wanted a little brisket Little taste Just enough to what your beak Enough to what my beak 913 votes on the floor Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Thanks so much for all you freefrippers out there Yourfira.com, you're very intense people For helping to fund our geagem on this program Helping to fund all of our liberal causes, okay? 913 votes, what's your take on a war with a rack I'm strong against the 256 All for it, let's roll Two feet and just change again Wait a minute Let's see, I'm strong against the 256 Out of 1918 All for it, let's roll 253 Ah, haven't been convinced yet That it's justified to it 13 I supported by I'm nervous about it 110, let's take care of North Korea first 66 And I just don't know Don't know, 19 people So that Speaking of not knowing if you've ever been presented with the opportunity When you should've could have or would've done something We just didn't do it, you couldn't pull the trigger So to speak, well, here's an incredible Phanymaine mortgage rate waiting for you out there At just 3.45 This rate is available by calling Phanymaine Toil 3 at 1-800-940-5363 If you had to compare a 7% rate with 3.45% You'd say 3,500 bucks in the first year loan for each 100,000 You owe a hundred thousand dollars cost you only 447 bucks a month Here's an opportunity that won't last because it's a 40 year low So if you're really thinking about refinancing or purchasing a home Here's the smart thing to do Get the information there's no obligation Call Phanymaine to help this work Call 1-800-9453 The process is simple Like I said, the call is free 1-800-940-LND Phanymaine to the same for you Credit restrictions do apply And rates are subject to change if you wait too long 5.34 APR Call Phanymaine to the market Call Phanymaine to the market Call Phanymaine to the market If I am guilty, a free money guilty of anything. It is of giving all that I have got all that I have to give. My penis, my butt hurts, my lower torso, thighs, and any other error that they wanted to help shoot in all over the world. Good morning, Sony music. Tell me, Mattoya, please. Miss is calling? Is the king of pop? Come again? No thank you. And this is in regards to... It's a personal matter. Please hold. Hello. Hello, it's Michael. Who the tracking? No that's Michael's Johnson. Oh the basketball guys. No that's Michael Jordan. Who is this? I am going to protest you and your devil like qualities with my fan. Hey, no flash free boy, you don't have any fans. Otherwise they would have put that horrible record in me. Oh, come on. Can you feel that? How about that? What are you talking about? Think about Mel? I have a TV motor roller bulldozer and I'm speaking pins in your marble bag area. Hey, seto. Do you feel that? Don't lie. Listen head case, so we done here. You have to let me out of my car. No, please. No, but I really know. I'll be there. No. Oh, here we go to singing. I'll be there. Yeah, you'll be there. You'll be where you gotta be, kid. Okay? I got lunch with Chuck Mangey only. I love that funny adi-wes. Hey, adios food loops. I best of bubbles you whack and do. Can you feel that? Come on. The free go and Debbie roll. Got Mary down under. Did they make hot muddiela? I can't help but one. It's talking about waggle. Wackle. Jack-o. My comigo got wet. Making love to Debbie roll with another in their bed. Debbie's been ejected with the seat from Michael's loin. When the baby pops right out, he'll have a good day, and that is growing. That's because we're go. Jack-o. My comigo has sex. Debbie says she'll be his wife just keep right through those chests. You are too happy and to be feeding care free because President Saddam Hussein has defeated the incident Clinton under Satanic America while causing great embarrassment to the covetous and inflicting great pain on our enemies during the recent U.N. inspection standoff. This is why Michael and Raki citizens, I've turned McDonald's. It's to be celebrating most renewingly this weekend. Yes, yes. Awesome, I think my friends have to be fired to the air without record for human safety. As you enter, the bite-a-ed McDonald. Bring what remains of your family to be meeting a random program ahead of the door. Do not be working at him. At new today, I have to be jumping off the hands of the hand-congrad. You are divisioning the fruit of your loin to play in the kitty bunker. As you choose from a most tempting menu that includes big max with secret scuds on. Fish met foams and liches. The worker wonder with views. Not that we forgetting our famous five. Yes, my fellow Raki citizens, we are to be celebrating our wondrous leaders that are Musens victory over this whole response of the unidentified. And if this weekend at the back time, McDonald's. A portion of pussy could be given to our great leaders out of the most exclusive research and program to be building weapons of Master Structure. No sign of time. A lot more than guns. Yes. They say their weapons are Master Structure. I say we say a couple megatons by me right now. In the cold war, let him off the road. I think it's time to give his butterwood. So it's time to blow those wee ones up on the right. All right. All dear Raki. Till there's nothing left to see on the right. Till Santa 6th be deep on the right. Blow up the cream while he's around. And they say it's got some dough and he ever goes to bed. And he might know he won't fall in love with us. If we land the prayer, we're gonna be well because some of those kinds of what we just are here up and bring it to an end. I'll be right. I'll blow him up again. I'll be right. Lavo singing. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll toss this little ball. I'll be right. I'll be right. This one, to let all you people know how a stone or steel. You know, we yield high. So you ask the brownies. The guy pops so glorious. The agent out of his curious. So I have no mouth or some cannibals to poke before us or none of us. The my friends to love the pot every day. Even now we just can't stop one day. We're even soaked up in the cup. Throwing a big fat hook up. Say, I plant my seeds. Seeds seeds fall my weed. We need a ship with free free free. Just run again. Say, I plant my seeds. Seeds fall my weed. We need a ship with free free free. For my bound. Let me smoke that phone. Say, we need that phone. The bomb, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb. I love when I smoke the bomb. Just like you can choke. Yeah, yeah. That bomb, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb. Looking that hot so glorious. The agent out of his curious. So I have no mouth or some cannibals. You can smoke before us or none of us. Come up and spend love the pot every day. Even now we just can't stop one day. We're even soaked up with the cup. Throwing a big fat hook up. Say, I plant my seeds. Seeds seeds fall my weed. We need a ship with free free free free. Gonna roll again. Say, I plant my seeds. Seeds, seeds fall my weed. We need a ship with free free. For my bound. Let me smoke that phone. Say, we need that bomb, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb. I love when I smoke the bomb. Just like you can choke. Yeah, yeah. That bomb, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb. Hey, Timmy, man. Yeah, yeah, pass them out over here. Yeah. Oh yeah. You know when to be closer to the right, you know, a spell 180 or whatever it's gonna be. They're gonna be some people on this building. Say, you know what I like and better when he was fat. You know that somebody's gonna say that, no to. Somebody will. They're always assholes who say things like that. I like something better when they work with. Yeah, fat folks will say that. Josh, free me will say that. Anybody else? 20 till one at five. 60 WC, how's that pull coming? The freepers are back again. Baby, they're on it. And thank you so much for your assistance to our homosexual left wing agenda. What's your take on more with the rack 964 votes, shocking? All for it. Let's roll 270, strong against the 269. Haven't been convinced it justified 223. I support it, but I'm nervous about it. One 13. Let's take care of North Korea first 68 and 21 people from the Gregory School of Life say, Don't know. Don't know. I'll tell you one thing if your life is a turn in the crap because you don't feel good when you get out of the second. And more importantly, because your mattress is a piece of crap. It's lumpy. It's bumpy. Maybe it wasn't also great in the first place. If you get to a great new name brand mattress, some dollar mattress, one thing you can be sure of is you're gonna get a right night sleep night after night and feel super when you hop out of the second morning. They carry all the top names. They got silly sort of Simmons King Quill every size and style. And the best part of the deal is when it comes to price, delivery, and 30 day in home, this thing. What do you call it? And in home thing. Well, I don't know what you call. Comfort guarantee. In other words, you get a chance to sleep on it for up to 30 days. Hey, listen, my blood sugar is 920. You ought to be real kissing the ground that I can actually speak in here right now. That's two days this week. Right through the freaking roof, baby. I think it's a conspiracy. I think mode on it. Anyway, here's the deal. Call dial on mattress tool, 3 or 1, 800 mattress. Pick out exactly the kind of mattress you like and there'll be there in no time. Not getting in your door, taking away the crappy old bedding and setting up your great new one. Like I said, you got 30 day comfort exchange period to make sure it's the right mattress for you and your back. They show up on you. One of them. You got any day seven days a week that kind of delivery when you want to be there. Any to our window, new to two, one to three, etc. And every day low prices that are absolutely unbeatable and those expensive, overpriced bedding and department stores. Call our right now. You'll be sleeping like a child the night, 1-800-MACRUS, 1-800-MATTR-ES. The street Gordon Lydia and they don't come anywhere, then they'll Rogers. I got warmth. They're home to fly in. Oh, no, no, no, no. They're down my back. They're different sizes. They're a fire. When you stand up, we'll all those things come in. Can't feel more than I've had on you. Can't feel hard. You gotta check now. Can't see the ladies and men and do us gather great moon. I got little wished I would be covered in. Bo seems to be few. Jimnie Wards, a few Abiワgs. Gillil 1 of the Wears and Weags are gonna be Marri Exec Beefial to��etus. I got to see the words and we have the other words. I got to see the words and we have the other words. I got to see the words and we have the other words. Yeah, I'll come on all you big strong man, Uncle Sam need you to help again. There's a guy who's kind of a pain to go with by the name of God, He's not the same. But you didn't get in, put him in the soil and then we're gonna take his oil. And it's one, two, three. What are we back before? Don't ask me, I don't give a crap. Next stop is over and it's five, six, seven, five, up the s-steens. We'll blow it all up in no time. We'll put up in the soil sign. We'll do it, George. You'll be glad. I hope you could be better than your dad. Got to go see if that guy's down. He's really got to sell him a diamond crown. You know we'll never make peace with his treat. You have to think finally. And it's one, two, three. What are we back before? We're soon a whole daily. We'll be a spot of reach. And it's five, six, seven, you're coming to my glimpse. We'll do it, two, three, four, seven, five, up the s-steens. We'll blow it all up in no time. Maybe it's the third time the charm. And it's one, two, three. What are we back before? Don't ask me, I don't give a crap. Next stop is over and it's over. Oh, bad ass rollie, please go away. Find a new way to attack a book they go home. And eat your whole holes. Till you explode. Just like your fat fat chubby ladies. After you fight you see none of blame. Spending your fingers that have yellow stain from T2. And see your tools. Faster piggy poo-nose. How could the fat disgusting and tasty boy? You make the show do the women smile. They like a cow who's spattered, sadsy. Things will be bad so repulsive and bad. Your body cheese smells like the crab bone. Appear it was occupied by head past their knee to chew on to get into your car. Just here to get in. On a can squeal, on a can squeal, on a can squeal fat fat fat. This is it with your lover less bean. Savor in and start to retrieve between the meat and the meat. That's the thing to eat. It's much more fishy to me. That's enough but till then it's more is thin tasty. He and Gravel in a day. And practically he did not. He was venting his mind. He and Gravel in a day. He and Gravel in a day. No day. He was out waiting every day. He was right to you. Back when he was okay. He was one of the staggering days. He was going to the party for a day. He wants the white house to be all the. Like a sick shot rich guy. So he kept it ready to be the side. He was right for the capital for my sister. Collectúnges connect a lot of them today. Travel. Here's kinda gone and a lot of folks out there made our new years as a loser for example like put your house back in order, making it look like respectable, first half of all those holidays. Here's the answer to help you. Dry concepts have been used in my house for over 20 years and I guarantee you, nobody in the world does the job that they do for you. They give you a written guaranteed price before they start and when they finish you look around and you think of miracle workers being in your house and guess what they have. Because they're the only ones in the world who dry clean your carpets. It's an exclusive patented method and when they get done because they get out even the deepest dirt and the fire is your carpet. They look just like brand new. They smell them and they fresh their dry in a few hours and like I say you'll always be amazed at how great they look. So whether it's time to clean your carpeting, your repository leather furniture, what you want to do with a pet odors, a meal the orders from water damage, no problem. Dry concepts is here for you. Call them tool free from anywhere, 1-800-248-5071. 1-800-248-5071, we can check out more about the amazing things they do for you on their website, dryconcepts.com. Dry concepts clean today and retain tonight not just a slogan, it's their business at dry concepts. You're the one you're at out. You're the one you've got. You're the one you've got. You're the one you've got. You're the one you've got. You're the one you've got. You're the one you've got. You're the one you've got. You're the one you've got. You're the one you've got. You're the one you've got. You're the one you've got. You're the one you've got. You're the one you've got. You're the one you've got. You're the one you've got. You're the one you've got. You're the one you've got. You're the one you've got. You're the one you've got. You're the one you've got. You're the one you've got. You're the one you've got. You're the one you've got. You're the one you've got. You're the one you've got. You're the one you've got. You're the one you've got. You're the one you've got. You're the one you've got. You're the one you've chopped. You're the one you've got. You've got. You've got. You've got. You've got. You've got. You've got. You've got. You've got. You've got. You've got. You've got. Okay, see you begin the battle Make me kill you I'm going to go to the end of the great 10 minutes I got out of Davis God damn bad Hey, what are you? I need these Carlos There will get you out of that sick I got a watch these age parts up my hand And this is okay, I promise so weird How do you do it in anyway? I am washing my balls Oh god, they're now okay, I promise I will Oh, wait wait wait wait wait wait wait Yes, I kind of like over your both of them there Hold that hardware in your face Kind of a sexy Grassy I like that polo in your nose Yeah, you're a very bad man You got my dad to be a double Okay Hey, I need to be a hand washing your balls No, give me a load I will not be your bitch Come to me you get used to it, please. I have no body And I have no other car Not a single nut, sorry I'll give you another nut Okay Oh You got down there from Canada me granted I promise I win I can't get out I pierce my hole too Oh Oh I know who's saying try my feet the climb Find a new He will be a cash Who knows what is got in his mustache Small pots and airdress He's got a few cans And that uranium He bought from France He made a sandwich It's just a tan Let's give a load I can't see back that It's an American bomb It's an American bomb We'll top of my suit Until he calls for his mom It's an American bomb It's an American bomb To keep him all in one We did it once we did it But neither need some more But these American bombs It's an American bomb It's an American bomb It's an American bomb 25560 WQMR pull a thousand and nine vote Shocking amazing and I've actually least 20 or 30 more real too What's your take on the war with the rack? I'm strong against the 279 all for it. Let's rule 276 You see that you following that? I follow keep your iron abossing votes haven't been convinced it's justified 240 I support it, but I'm really nervous about it 123 Let's take care of North Korea for a 70 and don't know 21 21 didlers out there just in there They don't know what No matter what the question is they just don't freaking know You know Well, I don't know I don't either Anyway, do know the line up which I haven't given all day They may be because my blood sugar was 850 or something like that We got the mad dog coming up next to you sitting by any other room We got the Humper Hey, go over to be in the studio 3 to 7 and I'm sure the cork he's gonna bring in the Humper food If they know what's good for me and I'm saying he gets really surely if he don't get his food a lot often 7 o'clock we got chit-co pants and pee with the pants and they try to make a leave If you win a 7 3 night then we got any care for the hockey game from GA in Joe and Mark overnight and In closing only one thing to say and it is goalie's go Kindling this and psychiatry borders to this