We asked you whatever happened to Maddie Bell. Oh, he's a little guy kind of funny looking We have told with all my way back home. We know that I got nowhere to go. Let's try and mess you up. I'm talking to the man and the door. I'm asking you how to make some change. But he has said, look, body, I just want you. If you want to watch a picture for all the main course, this one's only a set. Take it up with the maddie, the double hole. I'm fading into my touch. I'm taking a picture of the stars, look, how I just told you. But now he's got to embellish me in the camera with exact changes. Playin' it, everbody's up, I have a poster with a mirror. I'm feeling a dying of time, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done. I'm done, I'm done, I'm done. Come on, come on, let's play Joe. Come on, come on, let's play Joe. No. Thanks. That damn fact that I can't stand it. Then I'll tell you at 5.60W to come. What a day, huh? What a freaking day. Where do we start? What? What's something just happened? Not. I'm listening to the audio. George has piped up the audio from Channel 4 before the show this morning. Oh, something just happened over there. The FTA, A, and Miami, the ride police are out, a little bit of tear gas. They tore down the orange, a fence, it's in a big heap, and what else? Anything else going on? No, a lot of pictures. Oh, I'm watching it right now. 10,000 protesters expected my meat later today. And all it looks to me is like a massive people. I don't see anything going on. Do people waving some banners and signs, huh? Oh, something just happened like something just happened. A few people, and then the TV, it's just amazing to me. What a bunch of assholes we're talking about. Oh, now wait a minute. Something just happened. You see that? Yeah. Stuff will be now. We're starting to get some scuffling. The ride police get ready to move in. Police doesn't hear it. South Florida for this. There are at least 25 hundred police officers from 40 different agencies. State local and federal who are on hand for this. The police have said that she chimneys to the Miami has set right along. There will not be a repeat of what happened in Seattle in 1999 when they had some three million dollars in damage and hundreds of arrests. You said that will not happen here. And so far, police are keeping a lid on it. What we've seen this morning, we don't have to keep it all in perspective. They were very minor scourmishes that police had anticipated and expected from the folks so far. Anarch is that are mixing in with the peaceful protesters. And so there was something certain that these things would happen. And today and tomorrow, which the official thing is the ministers themselves from the 34 nations have begun. The Huckabadjans are all on CNN seem so calm as opposed to the hyper-ventilating assholes on channel for. Oh, something just happened Michael. I look at that. They're up beat non-easher. I mean, one hell of it getting so whipped up into a frenzy. Oh, because it's a good for ratings. Sure. Okay. Well, did this? Yeah. Oh. Where the hell do we start? We got Michael Jackson. We got Rush back in deep crap again. We got the FDA. We got the big blast in Istanbul. Kilt's 26 injuries at least 450 this morning. Shocking blast. Really? That's right. It was a shocking blast in Turkey, not just the regular ordinary pedestrian blast. Here's the pull results from yesterday because I can't afford to get we two far behind. I might not even have time to get that. Oh, here's our favorite caller online. I'm WDQAM. Hello? Yes, sir. Hello, QAM. You stuck, Faggot. Yeah. Okay. We know you're not. 951 votes on the pull so far. What famous living person would you like to think is a role model for your daughter if you had a daughter? Some of you do, some you don't. Some you wish and some you won't. Can't we re-clint into an 18? San Brideo Conner 120 to Odeck College from Channel 4 Newsroom? I'll be damned. They know about suckin' just ask God the weather for a whole tidier. Hillary Clinton 2018, San Brideo Conner 122, that's shocking. Marine Dowd 96, we'd be proud for a daughter like Marine Dowd. Pretty spears 94 to bring home the bacon. Oprah 93, Susan Surrandon 91, Jocelyn Elders 70. Nicole Kidman 65, Maria Shriver 64, Natalie Mainz 38. Those are the only names we had on a list. That was it. Now here's pull number one for today. We'll get this on there right away. Based on what you know, what do you think should happen to my end by the way? Anybody that got all panicky here reports about the evacuation of the White House? I think what they missed a word there. They said there was an evacuation at the White House. Somebody had a wild BMW this morning. They said there was evidently a plane that got into the White House airspace again briefly like I had a little bit lost. And there were like a few people that like went running out on the White House lawn. The sky is falling and nothing's going on. Nothing happened there. Because obviously I'll present these in England anyway. He's hanging out with the queens. Based on what you know, what do you think should happen to Michael Jackson? That's our pull question today. We got to six as usual fantastic choices for you. Send him directly to jail. Reporting to Thailand. Give him a fair trial. Nothing. He's a great superstar. Let him run for public office like Arnold. Or cut his balls off and use the skin to remake his nose. That was the I think those are six great choices if you ask me. But then again, I created the pull. Based on what you know, what do you think? And he's going to surrender to pull. He's later this morning. Keep in mind it's only seven o'clock in the west coast. But later on this morning, he's going to turn his cell phone. And Mark Gerer goes, what did I tell you? You just know what he's going to be one of the attorneys. Doing a great defense. I think Mark Gerer goes could have a bad couple of months here. You know, well, let's hope they televised the trial. Or would not be great. We can just put it up to the OJ thing. What do you think, Michael? Is he going to wear the gloves and the mask in court? Just one glove. Oh. Based on what you know, what do you think should happen to Michael Jackson? Send him directly to jail. Be poured him to Thailand. I think having him and jail would rush would be a perfect match. I'd love to see that. Don't think I'd be right before the show with the guy that was the. Anyway, send him directly to jail. The port him to Thailand, give him a fair trial. Nothing. He's a great superstar. Let him run for public office like Arnold. Why not? Every like a big hot shot star has got to be like Governor President. Or cut his balls off and use the skitter we make his nose sounds good to me. Now, you just kind of like threw me off because there's all of this late break in Stuff coming in here beside the fact that there's a bunch of people getting shoved around and dumped on Miami. You people a channel foreman. What about your assholes? Idiots. More on. Here's a call from Miami. It's probably a spy report. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Okay. Boy, this is off a loud. Uh, perhaps this is an echo inside my car. No, it's an echo inside our pot. It could be anyway. The thing about Michael Jackson, these should obviously be tried like anyone else, but you've got to get some kind of special treatment. Because how long you think you're last like an in general population or ready for something like that? You mean, can't like Father Gagan? Yes. Something like that. Something like that. I don't know. Anyway, you're the best. I've been listening a long time. However, I haven't heard actually I wanted to tell you that Hank, Hank, and some of the other guys were playing your Moa Ronda Gaston bits all afternoon. Good. Excellent. Oh, and I'm glad you mentioned Moa. I'm going to bring. I'm going to drag him out of the closet then. Guy, get your might in me with all the other stuff going. I almost forgot. Thank you. Yeah. That's great. Any Moa bit to good Moa bit. Okay. Have a great day. Yeah. No Moa, my dear. I just want to say this right now. I'm sure he's listening on his way up to Boca, even if he's already there. I just want you to know, we're on the end now, man. We got the evidence. We got the smoking gunmo. Okay. We got the smoking gun. And I listen for about three minutes. When I get up in the morning, I come in here. I open up the pot. Then I smoke it. I mean, I open up the pot and I listen for a couple of minutes. And then I put on the, I open up my pot with a TV audio. So George knows I'm alive. And then I go do my stuff. All my ablutions. Yeah. He's gotten, now, just like anybody would put on the ear. He's got this core of ass-looking sycophants. All Mr. David, you're play by a play. It's so wonderful. I take off those checkered pages. Yeah, blow it out to your ass, Moa. And I'm going to tell you right now, it just makes me want to Pooke because these people, if they had any idea, well, some of them are just ass-lookers anyway. But if the public had any idea, the connish and anagons, if this man has been involved with Prover, you're at that radio station, which now I have poop. I got the smoking gun, baby. I got it. Your ass is grass. So your comment about payback is a bitch last year. You know something, Moa, you're right. And the day is come, it's not a question of if it's just a question of when. Govarn yourself accordingly, okay, Moa. You are dead meat. Because the kind of garbage that you've been pulling behind a scene, and see, there are people like that. They come on the ear like Mr. Nice guy. And there are buff at all, and above the frame, all the other crap. And behind the scenes, which is why this man is gotten canned. Everywhere he's ever been. I, I, I, I, everybody he's ever worked with. I hate him like poison, including just about everybody inside that building. It's a maybe one or two butlickers, not kind of imagine who they might be. Can't you? No. But this, the buck stops here, Moa, I'll tell you that right now, because you are the lowest form of subhuman scum. Slime. Smigma that ever encountered. Forget about like I said the other day, forget about just an radio business, just in my life, in 61 long, and excruciating years, where I've met thousands and thousands and thousands of people, some of them, great people, good people, decent people, some of them real assholes, some of them like kind of like non-escripted between and you, you're in a separate category. Because as far as life forms are concerned on the on the on the food chain, whatever is underneath the barnacles on the bottom of a ship at the bottom of the ocean, whatever is crawling around underneath the barnacles you're it. You piece of turt, you disgusting nasty, miserable, hateful, backstabbing scumbag you. What are you trying to say? He's a piece of crap. All the crap you can unwrap. Yeah, I'm wrapped this. In infinity fights, I'll be an Anthony fine. How's that protest come down there in Miami? Are you just missed our good friend Juan Mendieta? I don't want to hear a mom in the yellow. Because he's still sitting on the mayor finger for game of shoulder, not a shoulder. Oh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh. Reckham infinity fights, I'll be an Anthony fine. Viacom's infinity radios decided it will contest rather than pay the $357,000 fine actually a series of fines. The FCC is levied in connection with the famous opian Anthony stunt of the summer 2002. The stunt resulted in WWE WFM in New York and 12 other infinity stations carrying the show each being hit for $27,500 fines. Although the fine is one of the largest we've seen, this is in the radio business report today. So one of the largest we've seen come on the FCC in a broadcast remain at least one commissioner, Michael cops didn't think it went far enough. He wants to look at revoking the station license in such instances. RBR observation, though, says, the WWE WFM violated the law of the city of New York, but that doesn't necessarily make an actionably indecent. Had the WWE WStumpin caught on videotape, it may or may not have been actually indecent to actionably indecent. It's all in the camera angles. It may be illegal to show sexual behavior, but that's not necessarily the case when one is merely implying sexual behavior. Infinity's case will revolve around this concept, WWE broadcast non-explicit descriptions of the incident, none of the famous George Carlin heavy-seven words were used, it's quite possible that infinity can witness one in court. How do you like that? You go boys. Yeah, you go boys. Stick it to him. You know what I mean? I, I, I, yeah, you're dead meat man, you're done, you're finished. You might as well just roll up your damn smelly old piece and just call it into a corner somewhere in hide. We got the smoking gun, man. And like you said, pay back his abitch. Just keep in mind, Mo. It's not a question of if. It's a question of when. 1013 at 560 WQM Imagine on your next mortgage zero closing costs. Imagine zero application fees, zero credit bureau fee, zero discounted points. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. The revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group now has an interest rate of amazingly low, just 1.95%. If you have a 200,000 dollar loan, your payments are only 738 a month. Once you'll be financially good at new home mortgage from financial group, you'll never ever never pay closing costs again. Call them tool free, 180940 lend, grab yourself real financing power with low rate mortgage that you can move your next property without further cost of expense. The only one mortgage from financial group. For details, call 180940 lend. It's a whole new way to buy. You pay zero underwriting fees, zero dot fees, zero prepamment penalty. Zero closing costs even when you moved your other property. How can you beat that? Get financing? It's just 1.95% and never ever pay closing costs again. Call them today and find out about it. Confidence group 180940, L-E-N-V, the Riddiquel housing lender. Restrictions apply rate subject change monthly 5.19 APO. My ID local, we're support radio 560-USUAM. I'm a new employee. I'm a new employee. I'm a new employee. I'm a new employee. I'm a new employee. I'm a new employee. I'm a new employee. I'm a new employee. I'm a new employee. I'm a new employee. I'm a new employee. I'm a new employee. I'm a new employee. I'm a new employee. I'm a new employee. I'm a new employee. I'm a new employee. I'm a new employee. I'm a new employee. I'm a new employee. I'm a new employee. What's the answer? What's the answer? What are the answer? What is the answer? What are the answer? What's the answer? What are the answer? What are the answer? What's the answer? What's what? What? What? What? What? What? What are the answers? What's the answer? What's the answer? What? What if the answer? Go ask Wilma. She'll get you some force in her hand from a full ball. I was right. You see it? I'd backed my suffocates and ready to build both of its super tuned. You lose it. In other dissenters, Frans. Let's extract the gold out of their teeth and totally improve the proceeds to the RNC. As a show of rights, of course, for our glorious leader. Go ask Wilma. You'll get you through your show. By putting the logic out of proportion to justify your seeping haze out my ass. I'm fucking backwards. Why didn't I have friends? Oh damn now, look me. Let's get you guys to go. Yes. Green members. What we're losing. Oh, drug abuseers should be dead. This is for sure. For sure. Anyway, Limbaude offense bank activity. You got more problems. You know what I love it. Yeah. Authorities are investigating whether concerted radio, tar show host Rush Limbaude. You legally funded money to buy prescription painkillers. The law enforcement said on condition, of course, of anonymity. It's always on condition of anonymity because nobody wants to like. Get involved. Get involved. On the air after we hit. On the air after we hit. Limbaude's spine. When's day with the blankets and all of the allegations first reported Tuesday by ABC news? I was not laundering money. I was withdrawing money for crying out loud. Limbaude said the three are broadcast. You see, the fact that he's been backed into wall on this. But wait till you're this one thing about he would you cash 30 to 40 times from his account in about system to 10 grand. So it verifies everything that the made said. Those inquire stories that I read on the year. But these thousands and thousands and thousands of pills that he was taken. Not just, you know, he wasn't just took. He was like, oh, big time. It was like office ash. Maybe he was just withdrawing money to go through the drive through at McDonald's. That could have been it. Maybe he had some deals at McDonald's. Like OJ was doing a parking lot alleged. OJ and a what's his name? What's that punk? Kato? Kato. How soon they forget? Anyway, Willembaude was absent from a show for five weeks after announcing was entering a drug rehab program because of a deserve to probe prescription painkillers, which then near caused me to go deaf came pretty close. You notice how easy these assholes get off the hook on his stuff? Guess I have noticed that law enforcement sources in Palm Beach County were level on say 24 million dollar ocean from mansion previously confirmed that a criminal investigation into a prescription drug ring involved a conservative radio commentator is former made will McClient reported to the police. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police are not allowed to go there. The police think that's the peace. The police are not allowed to go to the police station. The police told us we can plan totality first. Yes, this is a difference. Our station is now in great condition. But there's focused on the signs going on which city. These is theiff statements by the police officer. I'm sorry I may not get a single point. The exit had for us. A lady. The police are starting to ask me. Why are they pedestals being blocked with altitude? There's a few huh? There's a Marlins cap. Or is there a Marlins cap? That was the perspective of our John's Rela and James Hamilton. Anyway, Limbaugh and Fracking. It's just think about these two guys. Did you know that according to a recently taken poll taken by Gallup far more than double the number of Americans have an unparable opinion of Rush than Al. It's not even close. 51% are down on Rush. Compared to only 22% who are go down on Al. But there's a reason almost half of Americans never heard of Al Franken despite his years on Saturday Night Live. His movie's books is about well-polished-class with Fox News earlier this year. You can't say that about Rush only 9% of Americans have no idea who his ass is. Let's see, and they got the favorable unpeirable uncomedy opinion list of Oprah, Rush Limbaugh, Dr. Phil, that one makes me want a gag. Dennis Miller. Oh, geez. Al Franken and Anne Cotter. Oprah, favorable 73% 20% unfeirable uncomedy only 1% no opinion 6%. Rush Limbaugh, favorable 34% unfeirable 51% on for media with a 9% no opinion 6. Dr. Phil, this is just amazing to me. Dr. Phil Agra, 48% favorable only 16% unfeirable 26% uncomedy have no idea who to let the slob is and 10% no opinion. Dennis Miller, 41% favorable 20% unfavorable 30% have no idea who to held on his Miller is 9% no opinion. Al Franken, 16% out where to how was this poll taken? This is a Gallup poll. 16% favorable 22% unfavorable Al Franken, 49% have no idea who he is 13% no opinion. That's slimy bitch and Colter 11% favorable 10% unfavorable 69% unpromed. I'm sure that's just a coincidence. Unpromed, you're 10% no opinion. Well, what bunch of alquos they must have taken at pool from? Maybe they took it in Minnesota or in North Dakota in America. Speaking of fargo, I got it right here. I got these special edition. I love the way they package CDs and DVDs now. You have to take off your DVDs and send a breeze or to have enough energy just to get the packaging off the DVD. But I got a pool kit in an hour. Right. Special edition, Francis McDormand. That's interesting about how her name is on here and where do you make mace? He's not even on the cover. But she was great. She was phenomenal. Right. And he was great. But she was, she made the movie. Francis McDormand, fargo, thriller by the co-in brothers, Harry and Saul. And it was very good. The ending sucked. The ending was too abrupt and it just looked like that's it. I mean, just like you said about Magnolia, not that this movie is as good as Magnolia, it's not even the same league. But the ending is just, I'm not going to say it's for us because I didn't enjoy it very much. But the ending was weak. It was very weak. And you agreed on that. I'll show you. You got to deny that. No, no. It was a little like a classic. Okay. Here's the play based on what you know. What do you think should happen? Michael Jackson. 80 votes. Cut off his balls used to skin to remake his nose. You got a new nose coming, Mikey. Give him a fair trial, 12. Send directly to jail 10. The important to tie land three. He'd have a good time there. Let him run for public office like Arnold. Three. And one says nothing. He's a great entertainer. All right. Yeah. Don't he get a free pass? Listen, if the priest can get as many free passes as they get. Why not poor Michael? He's been misunderstood and he was abused. 10 27 at 560 WMF your mattress has been abusing your back because it's lumpy. And bumpy and it feels like crap. Time to get rid of it. Time to throw it out. Time to call down a mattress and get you a great night's sleep and help you when you're back in the way you feel every day. You feel like a new person. Because down a mattress gives you no phony promises. No bait and swiss, no games. Though crap. Just discount prices on beatable ones on the brand names. You know what love now including. Stewards and Foster. And when you call 1-800 mattress, you still get that unbeatable delivery deal. You picked a day in time for delivery. Any to our window seven days a week from 8 in the morning till 10 tonight. When it's convenient for you. They show up take away the crappy old vending set up your brand new and moisture charge. And I guarantee you'll be getting a great night's sleep for years to come. So get sucked in by those so-called giants in the mattress industry. Or those furniture and vending stores do not in the same league with our friends at Dallama Triss which is why George and Miguel and Boca Brian and Fatua and yours truly are all used them and Scott would even use them too. But it just didn't work out. Call them at toll-free 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATTRES. Or online it's mattress.com. My life and local this is 4-2-5-6. You wait for you and you and you. But my child. Rick put the gun and gun like my life says. It's worth my girl for so. Does I've been looking around when excuse just plain my words? You can recognize me. My doctors have reached out my ethnicity and I keep children around and they've left inside my back. And people say that I am gay. That is why I'm married to these memories. It's way too late to come and say with this song. That's really bad. Oh, I'm glad I got a baby. Oh, I'm glad I got a baby. Oh, I'm glad I got a baby. Oh, I'm glad I got a baby. Oh, I'm glad I got a baby. Before you touch me, I'll call me free. Let me find and love and say. Are you sure? I believe in all my child. Okay, don't touch it again. You said the circle Michael Jackson bit was just the best. Was that blame on my child? Can you please play it again? The Michael Jackson tour is the best. What? Oh, I got it right here. I like a best news. But here's some good news. See in the middle of all this stuff, the demonstrations downtown. Michael is a pedophile alleged and what else? We moved from office this morning and the governor's office was expected to do the memory placement. Oh, yeah. I never thought I'd say anything good about Jeff Bush. Nice going, Jeff's your baby. You go, boy. And how's Columbus doing with all the illegal goods she's smuggling? Shortly after 10 o'clock this morning, elephant was served with an executive order sign by Florida Governor Jeff Bush. We're moving her from office. It was served by Broward Epidies at her main office at the government center. Hallelujah. There is a God. She was reported to be an immediate with her staff in her office at the government center. Unable for combat after the announcement was made this by the umptious buddy, nivens of the son, several locks were ordered to replace it. That's always not a good sign about coming back. You know, when they say we're changing locks, that's it work. Yeah, that she's going to need you to pick the lock. Locks were ordered replaced in her orifices and deputy's expected to take up positions and secure the voting offices equipment and record. We had a lot of jack food in fact. Look at that. I need police march toward the protestors. But time to shield as if we're preparing to continue on the protest. Yeah, I'm not fired anymore. But first we're into the cloud. Yeah, I think that maybe if they didn't have any of them cops done. They're manning call me crazy, but maybe they just be having like a little a a bunch right now, you know, you're crazy. Put out some picnic tables and just have a little lunch and funny thing. They were showing earlier as though the cops threw a candidates here. Gas into the protestor crowd. Yeah, through it back. How revolutionary. Did they say back at you? I think that's what they did. A lot of were consued fans down there. My police mart and of course they're showing the pitchers. No, not a goddamn thing going on. Nothing. There's nothing happening at the moment. Look, I'm sure if you're on channel 4. If you do on channel 4, oh my god, something happened. Oh, all those deals. Yeah, oh, no, that was definitely not going. You see that big bird. Yeah. Yeah, I got that big bird for you on a radio. Take a look at it. You dumb bitch. Jesus Christ. Police you spray on dozens of protesters at the FTA. A talks. Well, now see here's some other. Now these pictures are they currently from before this show. I'll get one man back. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. We saw before it. See, this is what they love to do. This is CNN. They love to take footage from earlier when they were like scuffling and you heard all that a lot of forletters were divided. A lot of crap going on. And but that was before. See, now they show the scene. There's not a damn thing going on. And those people are just waiting to get into the goddamn basketball game. Anyway, Miriam, elephant, bye bye. Has John McLaughlin would say. Bye, bye, bye, yeah. Go let the door hit you in the ass and away out on a long overdue. Those were the words that you spoke and you were absolutely correct. For once man. How long and you know the blessing here is that goodness before any more elections take place, especially like in 2004, like presidential elections and all these other things. God forbid that this totally incompetent broad should have still been in there. I mean, she has basically threw these last couple of years. Helped up a sign saying, I'm totally incompetent, but you won't move me because I'm black. And there's a bunch of crazy preachers out there saying, they make an individual racial issue. Miriam, we don't care if you're black, white, purple, yellow, green, purple, but polka dots. We don't give a flying crap here incompetent and nice going, Jeb. Okay, when you're right, you're right, which is the first time. How do you like that? Yeah. Based on what you know, what do you think should happen to Michael Jackson? We asked cut off his balls and use the skin to remake his nose 83. Michael's getting a brand new nose. 144 votes their porn and already. Give him a third trial, 28. Send him directly to J.L. 18. That sounds good. And like you said, or like I said, just put him in a, I got to do his like for a few hours. Get the guy that off the father gig and you know, on a cell block. Just stick him in there. He don't like Peter files too much. And see what happens. They'll come up. Let him run for public office just like Arnold 9. Nothing. He's a great superstar three and department Thailand. Three. Yeah. Where's that other facts I got from like what kind. Oh, here it is. It's one about the plane at bit. It's just in my opinion there's so many awful issues here. Number one about Michael presuming this is true. And that it happened after the widely publicized allegations of 90s. What could parrot would allow their child near Michael? And not only allegations, but if you recall Latoya, she, she verified it. She said there's no question about it that he was a, she found all of those checks that he was paying off millions of dollars. That damn fact I can't stand it. Right. There was no doubt that he's a pedophile. Everybody knows that. We're all the children that were there. All the boys that stayed there. And she is the one who always said that Michael, excuse my expression, but he's a fact and she would say that damn fact, I can't stand them. The damn fact I can't stand them. Okay. We get a little toy just dummy up pitch. Two, what about the staff so to speak at never land? The staff of life. How could they stand by Latoya's things one previous? Well of course he'd remind he's rule in the roast. You know, he was the dictator. So they like, kept their, but keep in mind, wasn't it one of the maids? Right. One of the servants that out at him on the first thing, and was in that book, remember in the authorized biography and told about all the stuff and find the kids, the underwear and all the other. And the fact that he didn't, he used to poop in his pants. There's something wrong with his creature. Okay. He didn't even, times that he was a locked in a room there. It is a little kid's eating even farther going to the bathroom because and I'm sure he had very, very lovely facilities there, but he was too busy at pooping in his pants. Maybe he was in that too, I don't know. Oh man, were that? Yeah. Three, the masses will largely see this as a gay thing, just another perversity of the gays. They've been brainwashed by religion to believe that pedophilia and homosexuality are the same. Well, guess what? They're not, but the people that want to believe that will just use that as another excuse for their hate, for their bigotry, for their stupidity, for their neural mind, and this, and you know what, who the hell cares? If they're that stupid, who gives a crap? Like those people, like, like the people of infargo. Oh, man. So keep in mind, every time they take a national pool, keep in mind that those people, where they're taken to pool, right? If they take a pool, like an civilized place, and then you say, well, I might mean something to me. For example, that pool from the Houston Chronicle I gave you? Mm-hmm. I get to that story later, but the pool is really, we're talking about Texans, urge ban on gay unions. Texas Republican leaders on Capitol Hill press the other day for a swift consideration of a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage on a hilly hillside that ruling by the Massachusetts Supreme Court, allowing same-sex couples to wed and receive the same legal rights. So the Houston Chronicle shirt, to this pool, over 5,000 votes, should gay marriages be allowed? No. 53%, yes, 45%, underside of 2%, 53 to 45, which is then theirs, but that's in Houston, Texas for crying out loud. By the local businesses, it's 560, the radio's on yours. Oh, I got a QA in. Um... Hey, more you're a scumbag, baby. Oh, yeah, I got that something. I'm making it in my glass. Yeah, you, I make it boy. And I'm your name, Lame. Yeah, I'm your name, Lame. Yeah, I'm your name, Lame. They seem so sweet to me. With their firm little cans, little boys, you should be with me. Yes, I'm a damn Lame. Yeah, I'm a damn Lame. Yeah, I'm a damn Lame. Hey, little kid, I'll give you candy. And all right. You can sit on my left and I will. Let you drive, let you drive, let you drive. Yeah, you, shake your mouth in. When you wear your little pants, don't tell all this little secret. Because I'm your Name, Lame. Yeah, I'm your name, Lame. Yeah, I'm your Name, Lame. And when I shower, I'll invite you inside. And when I touch your little pants, I get high. Recto. I get high. I get high. Oh, yeah, I got that something. I'm making it in my glass. Yeah, you, I'm making it for me. And I'm your Name, Lame. Yeah, I'm your Name, Lame. Yeah, I'm your Name, Lame. Yeah, I'm your Name, Lame. The time of your old boy, I had to set her the Michael Jackson child molestations. Candle may have confessed to his side-ciatrists that the puffsinger applied him with wine and sleeping pills when he allegedly molested McCormn to sources. 12. A bigger pardon? You said 20. I said 12. The 12-year-old boy, that's exactly what I said. I think you better check George Faroxy-Cons is here and start it and we have it on tape. Okay, what did I say? Roll it back. Let's hear it. Roll the tape back. Roll the tape back when I said 20. If I said, I would beg Greg's life on it that I said 12. How much money? How much money am I putting on it? Roll it back. From coming out of the last bit. Come on out of a bit. You're a rafnap. He's a case of now. When I rolling a dot, he doesn't think we're rolling back. Roll it back. Roll it back. He doesn't have any force going to roll back. It's you that rolls it back. I got pin back. He's circumspect. We don't have all day. We're going to have a heavy plate man. And such were like one of the thing. And that's not good. Rick and such that's from the previous segment before the break. We're going to such my ass two minutes ago. I'm doorstep. I can't wait. That's what we say. World pass broadcast. Maybe this is some other town. He's got to win a robot. Yeah. I think he was on the 4.41. Yeah. We're not putting him on. He's surprised. We don't recording the go. Okay. Look, we don't have time to fart around with us. Okay. Leave him out of this. The 12 year old boy, the center there. You threw me the whole band show off now. What are your crap? Also recorded my source. Right to Roger Friedman from Fox News. No less. Jackson. No one's so much ago that the boy and his family had serious complaints about his relationship. I'm trying to get rid of them. I mean, not to get knock him off. But he bought them passports and played his ship them off to somewhere in South America. Front of the boys family. A mother and siblings told me. In fact, this says the source Jackson kept the family at Neverland for a period of time. Hoping to convince them to drop their allegations by lavishing them entertainment and further Mirramant. Remember him, Jim Irman, Jr. No. How about Tom Irman? Yep. According to sources, the boy who made the allegations was a cancer patient whose last wish was to meet Jackson at a time that his friends and family feared his illness was getting worse. Jackson paid the family's medical bills and assisted them financially. Even by them a car according to sources possibly in a house. When the boys' condition improved according to a family friend, Jackson brought him to his Neverland Valley Ranch. That is when the alleged inappropriate contact between them is thought to have occurred. At some point last, Green the Boy's schoolmates apparently aware of his relationship with Jackson began taunting him in public. In one case, an incident of harassment is said to have occurred at a gas station, prompting the boys mother's secret legal advice. The lawyer she met with advice sending the boy to a psychologist, according to my source of the psychologist, had enough concerns to report his conversation to the police. Oh, that would be a job of the idea proposed by the police. Now, this is not seeking civil damages at this time, or anticipating a cash settlement similar to the one that happened 10 years ago. In other words, they're not just doing it for the money like has happened in the past. They want justice, right? Right. And for justice, we must go to... Don Koyom. That's right. We've heard that before, though. Yes. That other family. Well, it's a bargaining chip. Right. The bargaining tool. And when the price gets high enough, I say, well, forget about justice. We'll take the money, thank you. He's a nice guy to restore the freight train. Anybody can see that. Well, are we straining some of the people down there downtown? They need to have a full list of banging their batons against the side to their shield and their shield. Oh, this is all, yeah. It's also pathetic. It's also ridiculous as what it is, you know? And a lot of these outside agitators that come into town, all they do is make themselves look like assholes. And they've got some of them like pinned down on the ground and you know when they start, I was watching them where they were searching them, you know? And reach around in their pants. I think that's what they were looking for. And if they should find like a joint or something like that, oh, man. Tended 20. No questions, Axe. They'll do a lot longer than Michael ever will. Should we take some calls? I wanted to. Hey. Here's Papino. Hello. Yes, sir. I want to say about our business. Okay. Good. We've wondered. Here's a little Havana. Hello. Hey, is there Michael Jackson to relax? What is it about that? Michael Jackson. What? To relax. That sounds good. All right. Send to find Sodom. And also at the same time, you can find the killers of Nicole and Brian. You're number one, you. Okay. Thank you, Polly. They got nothing to say. I thought we could get a lot of calls on. It's with all stuff going on. I mean, just like I thought we could get a lot of calls when they had the Marlins big parade down time. Remember that? Oh, make a line. Nothing. I heard books down in the crowd. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a AT&T of Razor Marlins. Mary, a elephant gets canned. She's out. So, Brian out loud. Where's the excitement enthusiasm from the South Florida audience? What's with you, people? Yeah. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Conferring the evacuation of the White House. There was the flash. Not too old ago. And my theory of dialectical checks and balance. Okay, great. What we have here is they figured to. Five, six, seven. Are we going to get any sane people today? No. I think it's their old gun nuts. I think they've all lost it. As far as the eye can see. Down or high, or in the England. A little bit of British government. Thousands and thousands and thousands. And they're going to end up here in Chicago Square. There are already several thousand. A hundred thousand predictive for the AT&T of Razor Marlins. They were rallying London. Nice going. You go boys and girls. Ladies and whatever you might be. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. How's it going? Listen. I just made a random thought. But you know what? Tensions wouldn't be running so high downtown. If these guys weren't running around like pigs, they're in batons and looking like the Nazis. Swaps are going. Right. That's correct. That's what I said before. People are looking like, you know, they're expecting. I don't know. Strong. Strong. They look like stormtroopers. They look like those. Yeah. Stormtroopers. They look like a. Duffator's boys over there. Right. Nice outfits. Anyway. He'll take the easy and. Okay. Okay. He got nice batons though, man. They're wielding their swing and their batons around. Looks like a baton. Mary of Melafin is gone. Oh. You're right. No matter whatever else happens today. That's a real great piece of news. That's party worthy. That is worth a big party. Based on what you know, what do you think should happen to Michael Jackson? That's our first pull question today. 102 votes. Cut off his balls and use the skin to remake his nose. 107. Give him a fair trial. 50. 7 directly to jail. 27. Let him run for public office like Arnold 12. Nothing. He's a great superstar three and deported to Thailand. Only three. I think they deserve him. I still say the idea about father Gaggin's murder. I think that's where I just introduce him would be good. You know, just briefly. He got a little break a little bread together. We should remember his name. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay. Neil, in reference to Michael Jackson, I think the individual should definitely be tried this time. They should gather the evidence and definitely follow through with the entire trial. And I don't know how it's evidence. They have in terms of pinpointing, but they should figure out whether even if the boy family didn't go through or they had enough statements and deposition taken, making go through with the trial and possibly convicted. And the guys at these are works. I mean, a character of a person, you know, acting as a predator. Amen. Hey, great job, man. Have a great day, pal. 560, 560, pound 560 on the ATT. I'm a little distracted here because I'm reading this thing that you sent with me. I knew nothing about. We got a van hit today, 5 to 7th of publics. 411 South-Sacrist Creek wrote in a pombotopee. It says Cyprus wrote here, but there is no such place. South Cyprus Creek wrote a micrrect. Okay. In pombotopee. Spend the wheel for prizes. Get the best in your merchandise. Spend that wheel for our crappy, very low budget QM prizes. And tomorrow, with George, we'll have another van hit 3 to 5 payment for a lot of day. I'll hardly. Because George needs the money. I said it will highway. Just south of Oakland Park Boulevard. There'll be free food from Atlantic City. Subs where I will make all the difference in the world. Pries and best in your merchandise. We got two vannes. We have a total of them. I'm out of line by asking. You're way out of line. I'm way out of line. Come in next year. The King of Pop. Put it to your home town. To ring to benefit the cargo class. For wayward boys. It's my goal. Shax. The game of the late isn't here. I've got a very excellent plan. My goal. I've got a very excellent plan. Because I've learned many times. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Just Michael performs all of his graciousness from OB's with the Jackson five. There's a ABC station. I'm getting down on my knees. Remember when the nerve goes res, ABC's bottom. Baby, you and me. That's right. From the time it's tuned to the Jackson five. To classic solo work is Michael Jackson's benefit to her aims to please. And I'll come call me big brother from a better file And I'll know what you desire I just sit for a while and beat it beat it beat it fucking I hate beat it beat it beat it My goal checks it Sometimes I'm too depressed I just sit around so can't wait And pull a call from the cone Go get it When I'm home alone And make it by the phone I beat it beat it And be one of the five lucky boys To receive backstage passes So hang out and get Michael Jackson's dressing room Michael Jackson's benefits And hey, yeah, I might go Yes, Bobby, is that your real skin color? It's inside the couch Like I know a game that we can play to find out And since we're blind You know it's time to free willy If they say what you want But you know who I To the fraction we don't know How to read what's been so important Give me a reaction And here's a rousing finale As Michael sings the song he wrote For the children of the world With the Vienna Boys choir Back in Mimo I don't like girls I like mission rooms They are the ones who turn me on I hope they're with me To the choice of making I might screw up their lives But it's true They make you think it's made We're not just by Here are other great Michael Jackson classics Like Billy's James You know how to tell time And of course, Bruce Kermittles You have the Michael Jackson's tour It's a bit of the cargo crashing school The way we're boys Get your tickets now Boys and pretend it's free When a company buy no one I feel white I feel real to be the type I feel white I feel really tight I was talking about you Listen to what I just heard it man That was the best All time best you can't argue with me because it's the truth I won't Can't and I did say 12 Miguel check the tape Okay I'm telling you check your hearing man You're taking too many of them pills Wrong one Captain Rick says I don't agree with Michael Jackson's behavior at least But Let's be fair Where was the god damn police? And there are 70 trucks and search warrants When the Catholic priest were doing the same things Just Captain Rick Why do you have a good pod? Captain Rick the only problem being There's a lot of similarities there Because the Catholic priest got away with it for years And years and years And covered it up in the night And they got moved around from one And a parish to another And the same thing here with Michael In fact they said 14 weeks they've been putting these charges together They're going to arrest him And they excuse me what I had Halloween And there were a lot of visitors to I mean come on I think they got a call to the other day And made the point I think at a good point The same day That the Massachusetts Supreme Court says that it's It's not legal to ban gay marriages On the same day we get the Michael Jackson announcement Could be just a coincidence So I'm just saying No I'll put on paranoid anything like that This article about the FTAA by several Michael Edgisco I'm going to read it a little bit Because most people don't even know what they're all about Or why these people are protesting or what they're doing there Although they're not much going on right now No nothing John's a royal physician The president and the leader of the right They're right in the midst of all of it here You feed from the police officers There's just a few people in the middle of it I don't know when you can sort of ask a ballerina start Anyway here's a call from North Miami Hello Hey my nail is up Yes sir A couple things Dubai Miriams I've never seen a day Great news huh Yeah I'm happy man I can't believe it's so long I mean that she was that was one In her case better late than never man Absolutely for all of us That doesn't guarantee we'll get a fair vote though But still we just one thing out of the way Another thing Michael Jackson He's a crap Hope they ring them up the flagpole And I will attribute of the dolphin signing a rendezvous Can you play that bit There's the one with the more hours when he's getting off Or run So got a run You got it You got it See it and that's the reason they signed a rendezvous They forgot all the bottom And then I played that bit a couple days ago Remember And then the low and behold Here's a rendezvous Back again So the guy basically says Michael Jackson's a piece of Yeah And there's a lot of going on in the world these days And it's about time we put it in and some of the Right Including killing all of these innocent people Which nobody seems to care about I just I'm sorry I must be a moron You know what I'm saying But I just don't understand why there isn't more I mean here are these people worried about the FDA And they got a good point I happen to agree with them all of their methods is probably weak But But in the meantime Where the hell are all the massive protests in the US right now We had some sporadic ones here and here All of these kids that are dying over there All of these innocent people All of the Iraqis were dying You know, our liberation by the Computation night It's just not the way to do it Okay All of the lies that we're told Here's a frequently And then buses yesterday to the Brits Well, you know, we can't turn a clock back And whether you elected or not we're there now We have two choices We can either finish it or whatever What? What kind of an attitude is that? They basically admitted that they made up The whole bunch of horse crap about weapons and mass destruction Because they weren't any about al-Qaeda and the Sodom being asked But he's which they weren't had nothing to do with each other About 9-11 having anything to do with Sodom who's saying in Iraq which he did not Okay, well what now? Wow, he was a bad guy. Oh, I see We spent a lot of time going around the world Trying to emancipate countries from evil dictators Don't we? Oh, we sure is held on And I'm going to say it again Okay, with all the crap that's going on right now And George said it when he used that term about steering the hornet's nest That's exactly what we did And I keep thinking back to those ads that appeared in the New York Times The anti bush ads that appeared with mocking him with those pictures of Osama saying Go ahead and Veda rack that's just what I want to stir up all the Arab stir up all the terrorists in the world Stir up all the crap, poke the hornets nest baby And that's exactly what he did Because they already had this thing planned long before they stole the 2000-Lussian Magnumus take about it And he merkin published sits back Like this, we're going to get their next happy meal While our people died over there for no reason at all It's pathetic, it's tragic And I'm thinking the same thing with the Michael Jackson story The reason he was able to get away with it for so long is because of the media The media is, I know it's easy to say it but it's true Because the media's got such tremendous control In shaping public attitude in the opinion of the US because even at first of all the media Another country isn't like our media, everything isn't just show business And number two, because Americans watch so much more TV than any place else Right anywhere in the world And so just about we got two generations out of people Everything just like Howard Beal said in that work the only thing they know is what they see on the tube Right And if the media would stop glorifying pedophiles like Michael Jackson And stop covering up the thing with a Catholic priest Well, you know, there are a few isolated incidents and then bring it on these crazy rabbit people Like that one guy from the adonni who got from the Catholic league Uh, this has got to stop You people in the media, man, you're a bunch of lunatics talk about your responsible And jackass is like Bernard Goldberg writing books about the liberal media You're an idiot too, Bernie, okay, you're disgrace You're disgrace to the human race Cut nothing to do with right wing and left wing, it's got to do with lies It's got to do with exploitation If we can get ratings from it, we don't give a crap what we say, okay I won't pedal any kind of crap just like Howard Beal said I don't care what anybody says the most important movie of my lifetime was network I'm not saying it was the best movie but the most important movie because it was told it is 30 years before it happened It told exactly what this country was becoming A bunch of television fed and controlled and manipulated Lemmings who can be pedal any kind of crap And here's Bush standing over there in London yesterday talking about Woodrow Wilson Every time I see him, I think a Woodrow Wilson don't you? Sure, all he's got to do is put on a pair of those glasses man And I think a- Oh look at that, that's Woodrow Wilson that professor at Princeton University Right Holy moly, I'm fact, forget about those glasses How about the Groucho glasses with a nose and a mustache? That would be more appropriate, okay? That would be more appropriate Jesus Christ And I'm sitting here on the ear on his bogus sports radio station What a bunch of screaming meanies running around, I haven't got the idea where their asses would be The wife today Oh, what are we gonna do, Greg? What are we gonna do? Much of silly people And all of this crap is going on in a world of nobody can say or do anything to stop it Or to get people angry enough to make somebody stop it If they were taken at like started to say, a hundred billion dollars gonna be a lot more than that But they're mortgaging your kids and grandkids and great-grandkids future's on if they were taken at money and fighting real terrorism The real evil doors, as he says with it If they were really going after Al Qaeda and wiping them out and Keshe it Osama Yomama and Mula Pula Omar and Sodam and all these other grave robbers Then would be accomplishing something, are they doing it? No They're peeing your money down the toilet so they can put your kids at risk And send them over there into a totally unjustified so-called war and a rack attack While in the meantime we're more vulnerable than ever because we've we've stirred up that hornet's nest So you have this thing in Istanbul again today And believe you me you ain't seen nothing yet I hate to say it, but we all know it's true right Because they're everywhere Oh, we're gonna go and we're gonna roof them out all that cowboy talk Remember that and the days after 9.11 on bull crap cowboy talk Then we're live and we're gonna root them out of their holes and like a bunch of snakes Oh yeah, and it was rummisfile talking about we're gonna find them and they're sleeping We don't want to go into too much graphic to tell but nobody's ever gonna see them And yeah, yeah, yeah all this token dagger made for TV bull crap That's all you people pedal to us, okay? As far as making the American public safe, we're not why we're more dangerous now So all this business about well Iraq attack and Iraq and get rid of Sodam That's gonna make us safer, guess what? Bad move, bad idea didn't work There's more damn terrorist attacks going on now And keep in mind that Iraq wasn't a hotbed of terrorism before we went in there in March No, he didn't know a people no freaking way They had their own corrupt crack going on just like we got here on corrupt crap And then we got assholes were yeah, just like that Dennis Lewis are no the one I play yesterday The assholes on parades are right to buck three assholes in the market Oh, yeah, well now we find out the mutual fund uh, oh, yeah, air media is another scandal A final thought about a shell game like on at least on the prices right. They have a little bit of fun Bob Barker to yucks it up with a shell game But this is a shell game. It's cost us a lot of money Because even Wall Street is turning into a big fraud and here's Dumball over there in Britain We will finish the job. Yeah, finish this, okay, shmuck 1113 at 560 WQM if you're underpaid overworked if your life isn't worth a dime If you're pissed off and fired up about it, you'd like to tell your boss bye-bye Just like Mary Melofent. Here's the answer for you call our good friends at fast train toll free 1-866 fast train and by the way did I mention in the first hour there on the remote we got the smoking gun now baby your history Even at Muscratch moving out of your house. Maybe maybe that's what happened. Maybe he got wind of it, you know You've been asked for those seriously. That's why I had to wear that silly hat all week last week because the Muscraft move out Fast-rick and heavy train in certified for a real high-paying computer never professional career or a high-paying medical computer specialist career And as little as four easy months. It's a piece of cake. You heard correct. You can be fully trained ready for a great high paying new career And a short of time is four months. They offer you day evening weekend classes fast train offers job placement assistance Financial need to people to qualify to what's not to like and they have four convenience offload locations There's one be one convenient to wear your live. So change your life forever in a really positive way Check them out of the web first at fast-trained.com and make that call and please be sure and tell them that Todd Dreck with a capital D told you to call fast train. It's one eight six fast train Welcome back to the highly rated Moja with a David at the show Holding to my own navigation. Okay, stupid. Where were we? No, you were doing that to me Okay Day Not on my watch you Oh He's a pretty With a comfortable grip And we got one of our three very important coolers on the line him. Let me give away your money What do you want I'm spit out Okay, I think I got them thing you say and what are you doing? Oh, that's quite understandable. Why are you sometimes? Yeah, yeah That's the door That's the door Almost there. See or I think Right there Faster Right there Oh You Yeah Oh Oh Oh Yeah 11910 is five sixty twenty eighty votes on a pool. They spend what you know it is right now in Kindle Coffee is a rackillating What they really try to do Get the call as it seems is to go buy the book. Yeah, go buy this book Go buy the good book. Good books says pentaphys like Michael Jackson on have their balls cut off And that's what our pool says so far. Based on what you know what do you think should happen on Michael Jackson 144 say that's over 50% cut off his balls use the skin to make his nose Give my fair trial 68 Send him directly to jail 54 Let him on for pubic office like Arnold 15 nothing he's a great superstar three and Department Tyler and three out of almost three hundred votes I started to say moments ago before I interrupted myself like I always do about the media Oh, and Michael and Lisa Marie and then of course the children and all these I mean You know anybody would have brain knows that this fruit cake is a child molester okay And it wasn't doing anything with that Scientologist Lisa Marie which the Scientologist of the biggest closet I'm a face of the globe and every fruit cake always runs to the church of Scientology for cover right Tom Cruise and I right Yeah, and John we've all done right Oh, but he was fathering these children and he's an exemplary father and all right Right sure it's a for he's gonna have an endless supply a little boys pretty soon Oh, yeah, that's right Everybody knew it and it's just one of those things on said because of the fact well he's a star well Who gives a crap he's a star or whether he's a priest people have molest children should be put away forever Okay, and not let out there's no such thing as a cure for pedophiles They need be put away in some kind of a sanitarium and some kind of an island somewhere out in the middle of the Pacific Father Gagans roommate found a cure Well, okay, he could go out there and be the Headmaster he could be in charge of daily workouts when and don't work it out Whatever but this bull crap, but immediately like always because they have to suck up to the superstars and it's How his new CD with all of his best of stuff is number one in England the first day was released Well, you know what big deal that'll do them a lot of good ones. He's in a can and All of these assels this this Garagos guy and this Mark Garagos. I just look at him and I want to puke. They's got that smug look on his face You know what I must ask he just makes me gag and guess what he's gonna be over to unease Because Scott Peterson he's gonna get convicted and I write about that you bet out is there any doubt? Absolutely not And it seems gonna happen with Michael Michael motorcycle because evidently they got the goods this time And we'll even bring back some of them servants from a morbid LL all van moose off the azure somewhere You probably paid them off to get that out of the country I get to work up a little bit here. I don't like right here is dear field hello Indian has gone okay, sir. I say drop Michael in a pitful of piranha or general population of prison Yes Then I'd like to thank that call the call and yesterday with the election the 2000 election on the Sunday's channel Right because that show was awesome. Oh, Zana forget all about it if You get that channel there if you don't all the next time it's on all copy and send it to the station That would awesome how the bushes have their hand in every thing It was just great, but I'd like to thank him and and see them ever hand in their fist and everything believe me It was unbelievable the things they showed in that it was just great Somebody tape did maybe I'll get a copy of it Action Good to have a good day. Thank you. Thanks, Paul YouTube 560 50560 pound 560 here. We had a fixed election. We got a bogus president which Michael Lord the owner went ahead to balls to say it in public A bogus administration a bunch of Nazis who are taking away your liberties based on a making everybody safe Which they're not because they're making a world of help much more dangerous place while they're aggression and First it was 200 and then it was 300 now. It's over 400 before it ought to be 500 Then we'll be into the thousands because there's no wind and said with his gorilla war and they finally coming around to calling it that because that's exactly what it is We got a story on our website. Oh, and it's called I think the heading on is a Sodom who? Perfect a lot of these gorillas They're just independently doing this this business about well Sodom is manipulating all this beyond the scene full crap They're loyalists don't you he's running around trying to stay alive as well He's doing dressed up in his burger whatever. Oh, he's probably he's probably running around in drag I bet she looks lovely with that mustache going to work out in a burka knees real jerka in a burka And keep in mind he's to be our guide That's what I would be playing very well in my guy because that was Sodom baby We loved his ass and arrest him one too bad either because he was the anti-Iatola the anti-Arrhenian guy He had the queer eye for the Arrhenian guy and so as a result where do ones that gave all of those weapons? Where do ones that supply them with a poison gas that he guessed his own people with oh no? How can you say that because it's true? And now here we are we didn't find anything nothing. How do you empty trucks though? Yeah, all that proves it then that prove it. There must have been something some of the mobile trucks that he had with all them chemical weapons And there were there any weapons nothing. Oh, they could even manufacture any that goes to show how this but there they couldn't even manufacture anything And I mean those inspectors they must have all been a bunch of liars when they said it couldn't find a damn thing that there was nothing there They must have all been Hans blicks, you know them Swedes don't you never trust them? They must have all been about your freaking liars And 50% the American public says this and 50% says that we're still divided right on them. In other words nothing is changed the bush likers man You could take them and you could come on TV right now in London He could get up by in the middle of tea with the queen about what is it about the fourth 3425 and they have no no there right now? They're probably a tea and cruppets and spotted dick over there that's going on palace all them queens getting together He could get up and go to the podium and say I want to address the entire world and say I'm a freaking liar Rumsfeld, Cheney, Wolfowitz, Richard Pearl all of these grave robbers. They had this all pan ahead of time We had those Pineck meetings and then back in early nineties after the uh, but this was all pan ahead of time and Clinton spoiled our fun Interrupted it for eight years There were no weapons of mass destruction. There was no evidence of any connection between Al Qaeda and Sada who say no anybody in Iraq There were no meetings with them. I'm at our poverty in Iraq isn't check is the bucket In fact he was it's our Florida at the time by the way. We now have proof of that And you know something it wouldn't change anything. It's like they're washed the ditto heads look at the same crap He now admits that he made these withdrawals of just under ten grand over and over again in cash for a surreptitiously why? Because he needed the cash for his illegal drug deals That he was buying thousands and thousands at every single word that was in that original inquire and the sign the follow-up which I read and both of those articles was right was absolutely Correct sir But you'll never convince them. Oh, he wouldn't do anything wrong. He's no hypocrite even though he's been It was screaming in yellow and pointing the finger to everybody else. I'll let drug people belong in jail They belong behind bars and about what a bunch of scumbags they are and you know what look in the mirror Rush you'll see the biggest scumbag of mall phony baloney So when Al Franken said Rush Limbaugh's a big fat liar a man to him and He said that before all this stuff with the drugs in the goddamn money laundry So I'm sure get that Franken book. Oh, I will Plenty said with George actually went out and bought one. Wow just cuz that is shocking just because of the blotchy picture of Bill O'Reilly Yeah, we like that that's that's splotchy splotchy splotchy right Splotchy bill I love it 27 after 11 at 560 WC for looking to replace that tired old worn out carpeting in your house Let me turn you by laments arouse Though the easy low maintenance alternative expensive natural wood flooring Laminates arouses the best place to find lemonade wood flooring from the top names in the business They got them all they got purgo Wilson our peridore uniflor quick step and all of laments arouse flores installed by people Or eating over their crap purgo certified installers to another reason to call them as their prices are so low They're unbeatable anywhere in the universe right now get the false special from them It's rust for just 1495 bucks you heard right just 1495 gets you up to 295 square feet of beautiful Laminate wood flooring it is absolutely Unmalightable and lemon a terrestrial match any legitimate written offer to if you'd like to get you a free and homestimate with positively no obligation Just make the one easy call to lemon a terrestool free one 777 777 3336 nothing could be simpler They give you free carpet disposal free furniture moving a 25 year warranty and years and years of beautiful easy care Laminate wood flooring column today toll free lemon at the rest of that cranky old meal for did call 1 877 777 3336 Yeah If the day when someone done a strong We didn't take their crap in Pearl Harbor when the jobs dropped their bonds We bummed them back and now the Saudis They are side and on our cards are little blacks wings Has that Saudi love and retired boys the bombers the wrong way man balances to be in America Where they found local fighting 2019 stages of arrogance Then by the horny cellity Related to this country Management of alcoholic boy intox cuisines andION's Hi, don't want to be a patches of American What's up, you thousand innocent lives? Stop living in the nest. If you want that as you be to drive, you're gonna need more gas. It's the greatest country in the world. They train us to believe. And anyone who says that, obviously, and afford to be. And I'm embarrassed to be in America where we take three of it, please. We have a flag and would have with our head in the sand and lightly follow the powers that he had pathetic. Of watching state-proviews on a 6-speed 5-inch screen, scratch your balls and pie, everything's okay. In the goddamn USA, let's mark them. 113426-126-2560WC, we got the mad dog at 2, the Humphorid 4, Hurricane Hotline of Tony Rumors at 7-8K at 9-2-9, extra bonus hour to mark 2-5 an AM. We asked on our first poll today which we're gonna smith cannon about a half an hour. Face time watch you know, what do you think should happen to Michael Jackson? 230 votes, cut off his balls, use the skin to remake his nose, 164, almost half. Give him a fair trial, 79. 7 directly to jail 62, let him run for public office like Arnold, the Gropenfutor, 17. Nothing, he's a great superstar, five. Right, of course he gets a fee pass or two or three or four. And the department's highlight only three, it's been stuck on three. Don't forget Miguel will be at the 5-7 of publics. 4-11 South-Aprice Creek Road in Pablo Beach with our optional, have you heard of your Purn? Sepres Road. Really is? Yes. Why never heard of that? What is Sepres Road? There is a Sepres Creek Road but this one's in Pompodot which is Sepres Road. Sepres Creek Road is also in Pompodot dummy. Okay, well, next that part. 4-11 South-Sepres Road in Pompodot. Are you sure? Are you positive? Are you sure? Are you sure? Are you sure? Are you sure? That's the Sepres Creek Road. Miguel is going to be in Pompodot Beach between five and seven. Just for you. Just look for him. Spin the wheel for prizes to get the best meal merchandise. And our totalized of the moment is... Yeah. Is... About 30 men. Air Force Firejets were scrambled and the White House was briefly evacuated this morning after birds. This is my favorite after birds. Or possibly disturbances in the atmosphere trip radar that keeps watch on a striker space around the complex. Tippy-Headard machine standing nearby. Tripping the radar. She was tipping the radar. Yeah. Little Timmy. You know who else was handed and hanging out? I give up. Linda Tripp. It's a false radar targets at William Schumann. Federal aviation spokesman. When the no rat fighters got to the location of the alleged violation they found. Nothing. Maybe on that road. The North American aerospace maybe was a flying sausage. The uh... no rat is the command center for the defense of US grenade airspace. Good luck to us. Schumann said, Flax of birds, ram is very disturbances. Might have caused the false radar reading. Which was initially thought to be a plane flying within five miles of restricted airspace. Around the White House. Not that we're pankey, you understand. It's one of those electronic grimmlins that pops up. But there was no aircraft there. He said it just popped up. The president of course traveling in Britain at the moment at the time. And evacuation begot it about nine twenty this morning was called up within twenty minutes at secret service spokesman John Gill. No relation to former Maple Leaf defenseman Todd Gill. It was deemed unnecessary or the defenseman Hal Gill. It would deemed unnecessary when airspace violation was determined to be a radar anomaly he said. I'd be like that. It's a little bit panicky. And certainly we have tremendous confidence in the defenses of our country. No. After 9-11 we saw what a tremendously quick job and effective job they did in intercepting those hijacked the aircraft. Speaking of Michael Jackson. Yes. Do you want me to fax you three pages of transcripts from Yuri Geller on with Dan Abrams last night? Oh, okay. Why would I want to see that? Why didn't think so. What was saying what? He's his little brother. He's an asshole buddy. Isn't it? What about you, right? So what do we want to see that for? Wouldn't says it's pretty comical. I'm not going to read it. No, I don't want to. All that stuff. Not in the mood for comical man. I'm in the mood for heavy duty man. Really, really heavy heavy duty. A comical. Christ all mighty. And as somebody suggested one of our regular faxes, Glenn and I would that we ought to make Michael a Pope. And of course it looks like very soon we are going to be needing no holy five. He qualifies. No, he does not. He's not Catholic man. He can't be. I wish he's not Polish. He's not a 10. He's just a freak. He can be Catholic. Now that you mentioned he's just a freak. Maybe that's qualified. He wears funny hats. Well, he were waiting. We're still waiting for the shredder. Let's see. 838 in the morning out in our way. So I'm just to keep working with an IPO. We got the protesters downtown Miami. We got Michael coming on in to grow a surrender. He's coming in from Vegas to LA to surrender to his ass over. And just too many things going on all in the same time. I don't really disappointed at this performance downtown. There is not much of anything going on. Why is it peaceful? That's what we want. We want quite a peaceful. We don't want chaos down there. Okay. We don't want another Seattle. After they had a. After they had a. Now how many years ago was that? Two years like that. Yeah. After they had all that chaos, they're all sleepless in Seattle. That's what I'm hearing. By the way, everybody should watch Fargo. It's really pretty good. And the funniest part of that whole deal is. What the hell did I do with it? I don't know. There's so many funny. Oh, hers. No, the funniest part of the, you know, the fact that we both, I watched the movie and your recommendation was very good. And I said, you Francis McDormand was great. And I said, you know, who's you reminded me of? You said Cheryl. Yeah. And that was right. That was absolutely correct. Cheryl, we know, whatever her name is these days. Cheryl Rifkin that we used to work for at IOD. My, my, our group closed personal friend Cheryl. She's like, got a twin sister right. Although Cheryl could act like that. But she wouldn't be working with her with that mic. Disney S. Oh, she actually just fine. Francis McDormand man. She was great in Fargo. I'll say it again. The ending was very very. I just, I'm a connect. I could just kind of fit. No, I just like, like the, like the, like the, like the, Wrapping against the time schedule. Oh, it times up time, but just, I'm just wondering what I'm going to do right here. Get in the car. But the, very, I do see a similarity with Magnolia. And that every character in the movie was really very distinctive. I mean, like, character was like very strange and very distinctive and really bizarre. Yeah, and they are like that. That boy, they must have gone there and just studied the North Dakota. As a matter of fact, the two kidnappers, you might be a, but some of the people in our sales department. Oh, my, my. And look, this is for Trial 5. I'm a, Anyway, let's go. Let's go. She looks like a guy. She's seven feet wide. She's six feet tall. She makes me want to touch the sky. Not counting. Let's go. Let's go. She's six feet tall. With two spelly chin. Two spelly chin. I'll float it and I'll clean back in. That's not a big deal. She wants the beauty of just how confusing. Everything her and ass with songs like this. But we find that amusing from that self-promoting ugly. I'm a, How much were you paid? How much were you paid? For Monica's day. For Monica's day. I would church see the living's day. But what? I wish you all would be loved. I wish you all would be loved. I'll just buy you the one that you have paid. I know you'll be paid, Dennis. Lady, I love so much. Just Rudy, you think you're a fooling. You value catches ugly smelly pig. You're really matriped in a dress. Number 46, 14, to loon at five, 60, W.C. Kevin Lake Worth-Baxon says does the Bush administration classify. Trucks did go round spring from mosquitoes as mobile trucks with chemical weapons. There you go, there's your answer, Jeff. Saturday, November 22nd, 1245 in a morning. In other words, before one in the AM, after midnight. On press, it ended the 2000 presidential election directed by Richard Ray Perez and Jones Seckler, while we back on the Sundance Channel of Edencin on it, 50 minutes. It says, as the punnets and repeatedly on election of a point to the idea, can't read this. That's all about the order. Why? They've refacked the clean copy. And anyway, citing a suspicious pattern for regularities and justices and purchase of African Americans from the voter records, the filmmakers presented a provocative piece of advocacy journalism that contrary to suggestions to just get over it, prompts outrage. Well, people ought to be outrage, pissed off and fired up, and also that when we get the 2004 election next year, everybody votes at least 10 or 20 times as against these fengest. And then, of course, this fact should at you keep us sending all this stuff to try to encourage me to read. I think you're scrolling these out. Okay. Yeah. Let's start reading it. So, I read when I'm ready. I don't feel like jump to uncommand. Okay. I got a lot of fish to fry here today. You smell it? Fish. Okay. Here's the second poll we're going to be doing it noon. Now, yesterday we did the one that we got a very lame response on it, and this because women are still a subservient. They're 10-class citizens in the US, if they know it's good for them. What famous person living person would you like to be a role model for your son if you had a son? We got a short list here for so far. Bill Clinton, George W. Bush, Michael Moore, Howard Dean. Now, those are all political or politically oriented, but you know, it can be anything. That's why I was so shocked at Hillary. One that overwhelmingly yesterday, what are you people thinking about? You want your daughters to be like Hillary? She is this. God. And then have offspring like Chelsea? Man. Give me a break. But that's what they said. She's a huge big. 5-670560 pound by 60 on the AT&T line, but this big. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. I'd like to dedicate the song to Spirot, T.A. I knew one of the biggest pricks of our time. Three, two, one. Hello, Vietnam in the sand. With George W. in command, we got a president with half a brain. Forgotten, far my and when after who's seen. Can't find no weapons or nasty germs. He's really opened up a giant can of worms. You're out of Europe, now, and I just run out of words. Oh, I'm standing. I guess he was serious when he said he ran out of words. Like my nonsense, you ran out of something around the words. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T for rise of our list line. At least Michael's going to get his nose back. And then of course, we got Saturday is November 22nd, 40 years after Dallas. And so this 8,000 shows about more propaganda here, but like, responsibly, Vli Harvey Oswald fired all 55 of them shots there in D.L.E. Plaza. You know, John Conley, Weston, peace now. And so this is why there were more than three shots. So you'd be on the shadow of it out here. He might just know because he was there. He might possibly knew something about gunshots. He knew a little bit about that being from Texas and being in the military. Stuff like that. I just mentioned that in passing. Anyway, so we got that color up and say, really heavy. Heavy duty. Let's see, Ted Kennedy's only interview with his brother, Friday 10 p.m. The Senate ratified that treaty in September. And then prospects were fought in the Cold War, the War Reel. See, and then focuses on JFK, APM, Saturday. I just mentioned that in passing too. Here's Hollywood, hello. Hollywood. Can we wait? Can we wait till about 130? I think Hollywood died. Here's Miami, hello. Yes, sir. Good. Good for you. 560 ought to be. 560, 70560, pound 560 ought to be AT&T and rise from our list line. Be afraid. Be very afraid. Here's a call from Bokka, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey man, why is Michael Jackson such a bag? And our last call is from Fort Lodderdale, hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yeah. But this is what you'll get to much. I'm a Republican at a Christian. Yes, sir. Both of us are unfortunate. Yes. Okay, but listen. I back you up 100 billion percent. Okay. On the situation that's going over there over the Far East, the Middle East. You're right on the money. This guy is a lion's gun bag. He has stolen the Christian. He's hijacked the religion. Okay. He's also, people most people don't watch these men. Okay. If people were toon in once they're out these men, they'll see that you hit it with stolen. Really? Who's the extra CIA director? During that time, wound up saying this was last weekend. He said that he was shook his head. He couldn't believe that President Bush, the father, allowed the two to be, to say, to get the curse. And he would stop there and we watched it happen. That's right. Okay. But people don't see that. You see, only watch it. There's stupid programs that totally ignore it. I mean, not only that. I ordered a tape from C-span, grossly 36,000. Well, or believe me, it was worth every cent. I can't think it's called a center of a government and a federal, you know, whatever. It's bipartisan. Right. To move. That is investigating all the contracts that have gone out. Okay. With the, in Afghanistan and Iraq, it's enough to make you want to punch you. Yeah. Well, we've had all those stories in our website. And of course, you know, we put all that information right on there. Unfortunately, if you were in fewer people are reading that stuff, if you're in our website, which makes me want to puke. But it's all on there. It's for people to want to, you know, make the efforts to find it. They want to swap all the sports and what this guy's doing and everything else. Don't tell me about it. And then what happened is when the fewer that's what we call my friends, when winds up that we become a fascist state, which we're almost there. Anyway, they're going to say, how did this happen? Because they don't want to take this, you know, they don't want to vote these thumbs out or throw them in jail. Well, I sure, I hope that come next November. You're going to be one of those of us who's been a vote them out. Oh, you got that right, man. Thank goodness for that. That's a lot, pal. I don't have a right to say. See, there's a Republican in a Christian and he's, you know, he's on to it. See, you just because you're a member of a particular party or a religion or whatever, does it mean they have to be a moron? Doesn't have to mean you have to be a sheep? It doesn't. Well, maybe it does. But this guy wasn't, and I'm sure there are a lot more like him. FTA tradingway democracy by Cyril Nicholetsko. The free trade area of the markets FTA will spread a freedom liberty in democracy to all the peoples of the Americas. This is one of the many tall tales free traders repeat in newspaper interviews on television radio programs in public debates. But if someone were to ask them to explain how the response would be similar to a deer in headlights, that's because it's difficult to defend a statement that has no factual evidence to support it. The FTA would actually undermine democracy by granting transnational corporations the ability to overturn labor laws in environmental regulations, thus stripping countries of their sovereignty and citizens of their rights to self-determination. Here's how. The North American Free Trade Agreement provides foreign investors the ability to challenge locals in federal laws of the West Canada and Mexico for cash compensation, taxpayer money. This is unprecedented as it allows corporations to sue nations for the first time in history. The FTA would adopt matters in vester rights and as a result leave 31 more countries right for the picking. This has the potential to generate an explosive number of new cases across the cases. A 2002 taxpayers for common sense reports said that in the US alone these investor rights could cost American taxpayers over 30 billion dollars a year under the FTA. Just as some are Canadian mining company Glamis filed notice of intent that it will bring a $50 million claim against the US for action taken by California to protect the environment and indigenous communities from the harmful impact of open pit mining. It's venue a closed-door arbitration tribunal with no public access or oversight. California's attorney general won't even have to have an official role in the case. Citizens of the state are forced to rely on federal government agencies such as the office of the United States Trade Representative to defend their laws in well-being. So the same office they help push through the legal framework that allows Glamis to file their $50 million claim is supposed to win a case against them. If you find this district you're not alone. The National Association of Attorneys General passed a resolution in 2002 denouncing the breach of legal sanity. The resolution states forward investors should have no greater rights to seek financial compensation than US citizens possess. Out of the US Constitution or the state constitutions international arbitration panels can be another international trade agreement. It should have no jurisdiction or authority toward financial compensation based on challenges to the rulings of US state or federal courts. Furthermore, the US National League of Cities, the National Association of Countries, and the National Association of Townsend Countships are among other groups that said. Letters to law makers lies year urging them to pass legislation that protects our laws and our citizens both under attack by NAFTA and possibly the FDA. So if the FDA is ratified that democratic process will be obsolete laws passed by legislators protect the citizens who voted them in office will be meaningless. Or instead local state and national governments will face ridiculous fines that will force the need to settle out a court, blackmail, or pay the fines to determine by corporate friendly arbitration tribunal. Either way, tax revenues that are desperately needed for schools, hospitals and other public services will instead be awarded to transnational corporations. These corporations can then pack up and hit the next country. It makes sense that free trade deals like the FDA are negotiated and drafted behind closed doors and building surrounded by a wall of police. Civil society is shut out because no one in the right mind would voluntarily forfeit safeguards to their rights and health. The only freedom extended on the FDA would be the multinational corporations. The free trade agreement of freedom to trample over our democracy, the freedom to discard labor laws and environmental regulations, and the freedom to build citizens of the hemisphere out of their tax money that will be used to otherwise for essential public services that would leave the rest of us free to suffer. At least to be free to do that. Lots of it. In addition, the government has been in the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of a state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of state of the side of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state If you want to look like a manch this is the place Shelly Bloom's fashion clobiards And I'm my wife And loopholes This is for 20-5-60 You're way too lame This is a candy I like her legs by having their maglain massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rodgers 12-1 hour Mm-hmm Hey I'm a war in collectives' foils and the conquering states we'll just take the soil HRI Idec, county her object Again look at who transform them is countin' We've got to get out front around them The bush coordinates Mountain 212 Who produce is for un Come on, me, percussion from the small metal London. Holdings are a money band from cover. The more I let down, true, so disgusting. Pushmen have no intention of going. The spell out, then, keep the oil flowing. They don't want you to shove up. Rins band off, push, has sody, has to come up. Media cast, thus failure, undone. Keeping you in the dark, and getting even up on you. What a surprise, I've kind of claimed, to a true responsibility for the bombing's in Istanbul this morning. At least 26 dead, 450 injured, or be more dead. Terri and Turkey, baby. We're doing a hell of a job getting out running up their mouth kind of right? Rood them out of their holes. We'll make a progress. Come off ahead of the snake, then evil doors. Agra Terri could bring you west of its knees. That'll make anybody nervous like that one guy. He's afraid, not. Officials law makers in expert-tornies today, will be relatively easy for al-Qaeda terrorists to carry out a devastating attack on American agriculture, starting an epidemic that will cost the lives of millions of animals and regulations economy to its knees. It's like a fire that's out of control, Tom again at the North Carolina Department of Agriculture, Agriculture, Settledy Spetafoot, Malphazes, you never actually get ahead of it. Foot in Malphae viral malady that infects clothing-hoved animals, including cattle, swine, deer, and elk, is the most virulent disease-no-demand. But it nonetheless remains subclinical without noticeable symptoms for up to five days, as result the panel learned, computer simulations prepared for the department that offensive agriculture show that a single attack could infect animals in more than 20 states before was even recognized. Again, said one such simulation show that even if all animal movement was banned after eight days, more than 26 million animals would have to be destroyed either because they might have been exposed to the disease or to create an epidemiological fire break to block the spread of the infection. Just mention that in passing, not that we ought to be nervous about any of these things. Because we're doing a whale of a job on round enough them evil doors, our way for a do it at baby. 400 votes on the first poll. Let's spit can at now. Get rid of it. Based on what you know, what do you think should happen to Michael Jackson? Kharapas balls used to skin the removies as we make his nose 211. Give him a fair trial 99. Send him directly to jail 72. Let him run for public office like Arnold 19. Nothing is a great superstar five, and department Thailand four out of haunted votes on Michael Michael Motorcycle we're still waiting for him to turn his ass in and the rest of him too. He would turn his nose in, but he don't go on. He keeps it in the box. Does he keep it in the wall? Maybe that's what Brad Pitt was a fine in that box. What famous living person we like to be a role model for you son if you had one. We got Bill Clinton, George W. Bush, Michael Moore Howard Dean. That's our short list. So we got so far. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Horizon wireless line. Did I mention this morning at the Norma Kent is as useless as the boobs on a pencil? I don't think you mentioned it on the air. Even with silicone implants. Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Thanks. Thanks. Three things real quick. Goldies, Chiefs, on that scoreboard. You look like an alien. Yeah. So if you're in a... Are you one of them 10 people there last night? Five? There was nobody there. Oh. There was 9,000 people there last week when we went and they got the win. We went in 118 or 116. Neither one. Oh. And I'm getting too old to remember. Yeah. Did you see the history channel thing? One to go on the triangle assassination on Kennedy and where they set it with the French. There was the French mob hired and all the facts that they had based upon that there were three shooters including the Grand Finals. I have seen it. I've seen it. The fabric is zero publicity and every time it changes the channel there's Peter Dunnick's Jennings with the computer imaging that is going to disprove all the conspiracy theory. Right. I'm just nauseated. Well, these are the same media people that would have us believe that this president has a brain. So what do you expect? Oh, there is nobody there. There is none whatsoever. And in closing now. Okay. 5605050 5050. Panthers are pretty weak last night. There was nobody there for the honor game. How many people were there? About 30 minutes. And most of them was, you know, Rick put the button Dudley keep that mind. Lisa and the rumor is here in Toronto. They're my keen and is waiting in the Wingser place. Pat Quinn is going to get the Schmidt can if Lisa playing crappy which they are. Bye bye Pat. Eat a slimy sandwich in a way out and go back to where you came from. Good guy, but you ran your course. And what is there a problem with the funds? Because I know as Miguel like out of the room again, as he like got to the races there, they're just, he puts them on hold and they hang up. Just another they haven't been on hold. You don't start making up stories. I'm sitting here. I'm looking at something. Yeah. I got 8,000 lines flashing, frankly. Line 12 just ran which I'm sure must have been normal can. Yes, it was. And saying what that he's been working on. Things. He's been working on it. Yeah, I want trees to work on things. I can't say I can't describe what they are on the ear here. You call that a penis. But that's beside the point. You know, so he's working on it. Oh yeah, he's working on it. Work on this. Let's take you call from Carl Springs. Hey, how you doing now? Pretty good sir. Actually I had a quick comment about the microtraction thing. George had mentioned that he's been keeping his nose in a box. And I think if that were the case then he would not have all this problems with the little boys. Well, mama told me to keep his nose clean. Hopefully he got the good or not. Okay, whatever you have to hear. And I'm just saying, this is really sad. We're going to have another pool with no input from the audience. Just like yesterday. We had a lot of almost a thousand votes on it. But they got no ideas. What famous living person would you like to be a role model for your son if you had what? I don't think that's a tough question. No. I mean Michael Jackson John Wayne Gacy, eight off Hitler, you know, All living people. There must be somebody that they admire. Some of you look up to be such a just Bubba. How about you? Oh, no, no, please. Please spare me the pain. Oh, that all that butlicking. Save that for that early morning show while it's still on the year. Oh, you know what I mean? Absolutely. Where what? You would get a lot of votes. Okay, put me on your. Okay, put the O'Rodges on your two, okay? Great. I'm really open for it. I don't go for that. Licky, Licky, kissy kissy. That's a silly, okay? Oh, they want them to be like me. Fat old fag, right? Making a lot of money. Sure. With a big mouth. Uh, with his diabetes. You know, I'm not going to be a lot of people. I can think of a lot of people I'd rather be than me. What? Would want to say that. I don't know. I'm going to cut it off quick enough. Oh, no, he's playing drop in. This is great. Answer the phone, stick man. Don't be playing. Your objects. Jesus Christ, how much have we got for a band of peristus, Muck? That's why I'm preoccupied with. Yeah, I'll bet. Oh, man, you and Norm Kent, maybe you can load. They sent it up on that call. I'm about like, they sent it up the date and they didn't Time meeting place. He stole my calculator. Oh, God. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. West Palm. Deal. Yes, sir. I got one for your bowl. Okay. Jerry Garcia. Jerry Garcia. Jerry Garcia's living? Oh, living, I'm sorry. That's okay. In addition to which you want, you're sun to be just like Jerry Garcia. Ah, geez. I'm ending it all. I'm jumping out my window. I get a lot of floors to fall down. Oh, man. Jerry, well, but at least he responded. Oh, be okay. We'll take it. And oh, we won't. We can't take it. The fool says living person. Well, bring him back. Okay. If Don, I'm just going to be on a year. He might, you know, he's close to a lot. This is going to be a tough one. I thought that we'd hands down. I mean, one with the women yesterday, we understand. Because women are like, you know, just to be used in the Americans out all over the world. Not just America all over the world. And that's because the Bible told everybody so no matter which Bible it was, they all had and you want to know why? Because all the Bible's are written by man. Wow, what a shock. Here's my any, hello. Yes, sir. I was one of the 30 people to game last night. I'll write. What a sorry for four of you. Oh, that was pathetic. I watched quite a bit of that. That was sad. You don't go down anymore. No, no, no. I was at the lightning game. You know, the amazing about the game. About the fans. I feel like I was in a self-ported. I was just planning people. Really? Yeah. Is that normally like that? No, I speak sardin' a hockey. Oh, then not. Now. I got one for you, Paul. They weren't the cock fights last night. Yes, sir. I got one for you, Paul. Oh, hey. George. George. George. You'd like your son to be a compulsive liar and more on. Okay. Thank you. 560, 5056, the pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Law Barrel. Let's not put George W. Okay. You want to son to be just like W. Go on. Little bit like that. Here's a call from Miami again. Hello. I'm going to be all. Yes, sir. We have breaking news, sir. Okay. The elephant is out the door. Sir, we had that on our hour and a half ago. God bless you. I want all my children to be grow up to be like God's around. 560, 5056, the only AT&T and Verizon Law Barrel. I told you, we won't get any more suggestions for the Paul. We got George W. And you were truly old. That was your idea. Bad idea. No, it's not. Look at this. Here's Miami. Miami. Here's a car from Fort Waterdale. Hello. Okay. Like I said, I can see that the Al Frankenberg's coming soon. All right. Here's Papino. Hello. Yes, sir. I think Michael Jackson will get off because he has a lot of money to get to pay the lawyers. Yes. And I don't think that they will do much to him because he has some money. But would you take on that? What's my take? I think you may have a good point. It's a toiletist past and we got off the first time. Well, of course, it never actually went to court the first time because he paid them off. And he might raise the ante a little bit. And that family might say, well, you know, something we're really enjoying our time here in South America. And you've got a really good point. And we don't want to like interfere. And plus you're under so much stress. And busy looking for your nose and all these other things. And plus it's obvious you said you could father holding that little baby. Over the railing there in Germany. We don't want to like interfere with your line. I know you mentioned he doesn't have as much money as he used to. But how much you reckon he's he can scrounge up if he had to. But third man. Hey, listen, you don't have to scrounge up a fortune to get some here. Chuck Alfie here and four. Robert Aels got the best looking here going anywhere. That natural hairline system man. That's right. Charlie produces sensational results because he doesn't give you like some mouse. He's looking muskware. It looks like a farm animal died on your head. He doesn't drill holes in your head. But like some kind of a pneumatic drill with the blood just dripping down your forehead. Like Mr. Ego. He doesn't give you like dangerous pills that already propiss your off. What he does is give you that natural hairline system that looks like the real thing. Like air. Like it's going out of your scalp. That's a difference. And you got nothing lose but your shiny nasty ugly balls. But that makes you look so much older because you wear the system for 30 days. And everybody gets Charlie's famous guarantee. If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells. If you're not getting laid like at least 40, 50, 60 times a week. Charlie give you your money back. No problem at all. And when you have call Charles Alpier, you're a match in the arages. You can extra 200 bucks off the already reasonable price. Charlie also services and repairs. All kinds of her systems. But you wait only 25 to 30 bucks. And for everybody of Sepmo can usually make it look better too. Randy Mow. Your dead meat. Here's the toll free number to call to get your hair back from Chuck Alpierry. 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413. Or on his world-faming website. Check them out at CharlesAlpierry.com. My local V6 is 560. There ain't you though your son. A few in. Are you sure? I'm a co-peeteate. Tell them they're legit. I love hurting you to Calshare Ron and G.E. Northrop and Ron MCI World Com. Bigger in Box KLR and Gernicky. Can love Brown and Roof Carlisle and the Rending Roof Murder Docs Box News and Reuters on Young Booth. Oh, Joyce Pointa, democracy by David Bay Technologies. Chuck Avalse, I told Black and Out your Booth. George Bush is a liar. Exploiting 9-11 for a global empire. George Bush is a liar. If he's the unalented by House of Hats, he follows. Dick Cheney will pull whips, Richard Pearl and other Dick, Andrew Carr and Carl Robe and Mark Retickeco. Oh, he'll push, can't push, George P. and Daddy Bush. Breast in an Columbo no well not mentioned, Mark. Oh, Trader Bob Nobak, deputy IA in the back. Brumfield says, all as well and others older dies. Outscoken them a crack in the mail they get in track. Arne Hats, well-soned and before their time. George Bush is a liar. Like all this poor, pretty old condo's back to hard on. George Bush is a liar. And listen to this, there's a media. As you believe they hit George Bush is a liar. We saw this something that'll never get on with your channel. George Bush is a liar. The traitor and the idiot and criminal piece is a poor Bush. So liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar. Carl my teeth is fine, 60 WQM. Roger Friedman who actually writes him pretty interesting stuff, even though he's unfoxed news. It says, forget all these stories that Mark Gyrgos was hard to represent Michael Jackson just yesterday, or the day before. Where we all born yesterday, Gyrgos has been the case in Slast March. That's right, he says Jackson is known for most of the year, even if he didn't monitor acknowledge it that trouble was brewing at Neverland. The trial was now the subject of this molestation allegation began to raise questions about their relationship late last winter. Jackson was not completely out of touch with the reality, resuppided by bringing in the expert defender. Jackson's camp I am told is more than ready to do battle with his accuser and his family. I'm told that the mother of the child and Bob will be held up to severe scrutiny. If Jackson's side will likely argue that when he tried to break off his involvement with the helping boy in his family financially, the mother became and I'm quoting a Jackson insider, a scorn woman. She's very screwed up said one source, there's video tape of reacting weird too, and Michael was very kind to her even getting an apartment for a boyfriend. But the argument will be that when his woman who is financially so dependent as he claimed he would live in a barn, we told by Jackson's people at the party was over, she ran to a lawyer to see what she could get out of it. But as I wrote in this space yesterday, a lot of the evidence in the Jackson case will come down to video tape and there's lots of it too. Some of which may show the boy and his family singing the praise of Jackson defending and explaining his odd lifestyle. If so, they'll be hard pressed to explain their own behavior now. For example, in one interview last or winner, the mother of the boy told a reporter, Michael asked pet names for all of my children, and one of them even calls him daddy. He's the father they never had. She said all her children were hoping to spend a lot more time with them in the future. The sudden change in Jackson's schedule, by the way, throws a monkey wrench when his promotional plans for his new greatest hits album. Throw a monkey wrench. Right. Michael is on a Raj for three days away from leaving for Paris in Berlin when enthusiastic fans would have greeted him. Here in the U.S., the album is not so far made any of the early top 10 of the week list and major retailers like Tower, Virgin or HMV. On the coast, oh yeah, Yuri Geller. Yuri Geller goes on for too long. Here's a ton of facts you says, how about who wouldn't want their kid to grow up like mad dog? I think that's a good choice, right? Let's get your man to try and air right away. Oh, I got you on my head. Where you head to? Michael, that's why I voted for 18. Michael, he's got 18. Bubba's on his ass with 16. I got 12. I got a dozen. How are Dino 11? George W. Bushate and Jim Mandage for out of 69 votes. We'll take a few calls, but I got a read that thing from the Al Frankenberg because I called her degenerate immediately. Did we get that song? And we had a great song. Here's Toppo, hello. Hello, yes sir. You heard him all the time, right? But I've heard any money, but the election still has to be messed up. Based on what? Because she doesn't know the counting. You know what I'm saying? Those people are still going to be there. So the elections are still going to be messed up, buddy. In your hominized pick. Okay. Don't come play to the guy who thinks they're very multifunctional. Oh, let's see. He's incompetent, baby. And competent. 9 copies, penis. 560, pound, 560 on the out here. T. She had even circumspect. And it's Michael Jackson thing, man. You think here we got innocent people going all over the world. And they're all still hot up with Michael, Michael, motorcycle. On and on it goes. And here's the see this comment that's on and now what pair of would lather child their Jackson. And I agree, hardly with that. Maybe one that's looking for a big payoff, you think? Maybe. Like that bitch on her role though that day. I'll never forget it back in the early 90s when all that other stuff was going on the first time. Oh, I'd be proud to have my son molested by Michael Jackson. See, if she just awaited a couple of years, you could have been on with Jerry Springer instead. Here's a call from plantation. Hello. Hello, this is Victor Lov-Tobby. Yes, sir. And I know you love confide suit. Yeah. And you got him on the top five. Okay. 560, pound, 560 on the out here. And Verizon. Oh, but you should be here in South Florida with us. No thanks. I was there for a week. I mean, it is just scary. It is just pathetic. You know, you know what I'm talking about? There is nothing that's ever going to change. You can bet norms life on it. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Yes, sir. Canada is Janet Reno. Oh. Is line one working? No. See, the lines live up there. Oh, that's what's shown us off of our pointed rounds here. It ain't working. The light was lit up, so I guess fix it's got making it a period given us like the, you know, old beaten switch. You think it's working, then doesn't ring anyone. What's going on? Here's for Lauderdale, hello. Yes. Can't hear you, man. Don't whisper. Okay. Good choice. I like that choice. Good choice. Oh, man. I mean, brilliant guy. I'd like to hear. What? Is he nice to his mom like you are? Probably. He's probably a portion of daisies. Here's a call from Pompano. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I just wonder. Yeah. Channel 4. I don't think they ever saw a bad cop in their life. What a display. That thing I wanted to say today was. I hear that Brian York Cross and a whole channel for staff. Love is their pork. Did you see Larry King last night? I sure as hell didn't. That's why I'm going to go. Oh, you can meet. Well, you're welcome. Oh, brother. I think it's on the marriage. You know, the family being destroyed. What do you think about the unwaid mothers? Do you think they're helping the marriage situation or something? They're doing a beautiful job at 50 or 60% of horse rates doing it too, man. Good job. Good job. Great day. I've been doing this a long time. Yeah, I know. You've been doing it. It's sucking asses. I'm not a Michael Panelon last night. He did that on Tuesday night. I swear wasn't even warm out of the box yet. He already had all those talking heads. And here's Nancy Gray. Oh, geez. I'm serious. It's just a hank and I were talking about when I was a down there on Friday. The hump or not had quite a discussion about Larry reminiscing about what a scumbag he was then. How he never paid anybody back. And he said he ran into him. I think it's Vegas or somewhere in the end to me. So why are you ever going to make good with all those people and floors? And that is good excuse. Because I probably 30, 40 million a year. And his line is, oh, that was in a different lifetime. All the people he ripped off and scanned his own photo. That was somebody. You scumbag. No, why do you have dinner with the rumor? Well, at least probably Larry buys anyway. 27. That's noon. Don't start on a memory again. Okay. Not me. I need another doctor someday. Number one, Pontiac GMC dealer when they've counted customers had his faction. Tom Layman and Joe Prieto and all of the good folks at Hell want to say thank you very much for all your support for 35 long amazing years. Stop by Hallet right now. Check out the Pontiac vibe that normally retails for over 20 grand. But at Hallet right now you can save a lot of cash by fully loaded for just 16 5 plus tax and tag. And as always, Hallet's your truck headquarters over 302 from including the Yukon Yukon XL and coming very soon to Hell at Pontiac. The brand new envoy XUV, the most unique is you be on a market anywhere. And as always for months and months now, they've got those great Neil deals every day of your life at Hallet Pontiac GMC. You'll find them in that same fantastic location where they've been doing it right. 134.01. 6. You wish one across from the falls. By the way, you won't see what's his name there from Fargo. Who? Steve Boucher. No, the card dealer. Oh, I forgot his name. The star of the movie. Will you make crazy? Will you make a wish, Mendric? Anyway, Hallet's open every day seven. They speak for more information called that he rogers Neil the outline. Tool free at 1 Tribal 8. 5344-4-411. He's going to have to check the plate numbers right now. See if any questions? That's 1 Tribal 8-534-447. Keep in mind all Neil deals have to credit approval. See the kind friendly wonderful folks at Hallet Fortittales. Hallet Pontiac GMC, you'll agree with me. They really are professional great. We're supposed to win your five six six. You, A-M. Take your bat day, which nip thing grew. He drew the rest of the limb, bouncing up the walls in the rear of the group. He drew the rest of the limb, fall. He drew the rest of the limb, fall. He drew the rest of the limb, fallen. he drew the rest of the limb, fall. he drew the rest of the limb, fell. I don't know from God, eight full and rotten. He drew the resturgal limb, fall. Stort and then puppet Dne Lieu galgdi cards. he drew the restra village limb, fall. he drew the rest of the limb, Aha accordingly you'll pressure me to pop I'm a brat... I can't see... Here is another shop The rock is where the story is going. He goes the rush struggling, but how? And it controls, so they can pitch it wholely. He goes the rush struggling, but... He goes the rush struggling, but... He goes the rush struggling, but... He goes the rush struggling, but... Alright. Tell me three things we got, made with little chicken breast in my mouth. I need to like that. The breast in your mouth. Tell me with a little breast in my mouth. Very nothing like chicken breast, you know? I had some of this morning. No carbs? No fat? This is low fat. Remember low fat? Low fat. I'm going to do the reading, because there are a lot of calls on there, but generally speaking they've degenerated really, really bad this hour. They all need to use this hour material. I'm not going to give us any more suggestions for my poll, which pisses me off. But that's okay. Like, line nine and Dallas, hello? Hello? Yes, sir. Yeah, I'll call the give you a suggestion for your... Just like I just couldn't be great. Like somebody with a little bit of an electric, how about... Noomchomsky. Noomchomsky. I thought the dial was a great... uh... named to put on there too. Right? Noomchomsky's fantastic. I wish more young Americans would aspire to... more intellect and... have a brain. I'm more knuckle dragger than anybody else on the block. Right. Charlie Manson would be another good one. Ha ha ha. He's a little wide, Amy. He's still alive. That's the bad news. Okay, pal. But where you're at? 560560 pound. 5... Oh, and speaking of a knuckle dragger's... Did you see the thing on CBS News last night? Those videos now that these punks are making these gangs? Which one? Were to beaten a cramp out of people? Oh, no. Yeah, that would prepare you out of all of those... Noomchomsky. They got a whole series of those all we can see the evening news. And you just say to yourself... What? Yeah. What? See, I don't care how... This is all the business about while they see all this violence on television and all of this other crap. I'm sorry. If you have an IQ larger than your thumbnail, you realize that that's no say per miss on a key. And one say it just ain't done, right? Same people don't that beat the crap out of each other just for a fun in games. Oh, this is great. Somebody just facts this in from the York Times. Lawmakers the perfect expansion of the FBI's anti-terrorism powers. That sounds like a real winner, don't it? Sure. And Greg told me to go shit is a food to measure if they did with St. FBI's counterterrorism powers despite concerns from some lawmakers who said the measure gave the government too much authority that the public have been shut out of the bait as usual. The measure gives the FBI greater authority to demand records from businesses in terrorism cases without the approval of a judge or a grand jury. While banks credit unions and other financial institutions are currently subject to such demands, the measure expands the list so to include card dealers. Oh, look out again, William H. Macy. Juan Brokers, travel agents, casinos and other businesses. Well, that's great. As your feedings continue going down the toilet and the people out there are going, my de-com and same old crap. I noticed that the, what is this? Please don't tell me that's him. This is old file tape. He's sure ain't going to be showing up dressed like that. But after him. Look at that. Have you watched Macy in it? No long time. I am. And they decide to a quit based on those grounds. But as a legal defense, as something that, you know, he's thinking you ought to show a dress like that. That'll show them a thing or two. Oh, he's got snappy or does. And then they can do like a Ricky Williams thing. Just drag more by his hair. 23 to 1. OK. And the great Al Franken book, the York Times number one best seller lies in the line lies who tell them a fair imbalance look at the right. Chapter 14, Hannity and Comes comes in very small print and it always is in this book. As we said before, there's no better example of the Fox News channels credo than its leading left, right, debate show Hannity and Comes. A quarter-right limbo, Hannity's vigorous clarity inspires. As hardest team Franken tried, it couldn't find a similarly glowing quote from any one about Comes. But I told them to keep looking and hopefully have one for the paperback edition. To give you some idea of the show's fair balance, I picked a representative episode of the broadcast immediately following President Bush's 2003 State of the Union address. The point catapult pretty much broke down like this. This is a big vision. This is a bold agenda versus President Bush did a magnificent job. Quick, which one of the critical sentiments was expressed by the liberal. If you guess magnificent job, you're a winner. And you know who it's also a winner? Fair and balanced news coverage. The show's first guest that day former Reagan speech writer Peggy Nunehn was struck with how like Churchill, Bush seemed imbued with a special destiny, Hannity gushed. There were two lines that we just played that I really loved in the speech that we will not ignore, we will not pass along our problems to other Congress's other presidents, other generations, will focus on them with clarity and courage. Nunehn, we will do it now, we won't pass off the winning one else, we'll do it now. I think, do it now as a strong kind of sub-themed and a whole speech. I gotta tell you, this was a big and powerful and important speech. Lost in all the talk about not passing props off to future generations, was the fact that Bush was passing off to future generations they projected 10-year deficit of $1.8 trillion on top of the existing $6.4 trillion national debt, since then the projected 10-year deficit of isn't the 4 trillion. That might have been something for Koms represented on instead, he asked Peggy if there were any great lines in the speech that might live on in the public memory, thanks for maintaining the Burricade's Allen. Koms rhetoric may not be fiery but at least there's not much of it, and the state of the union show teamfragged in little rudimentary content analysis, they counted how many words counted how many words Koms said, and would compare them, Hannity, 286, Koms, 1261, and the letters, the letters and numbers in teeny tiny print for Koms. It makes sense that Sean Hannity is the Alpha male to Allen Koms Zeta male after all Hannity got to pick his little partner himself. Roger Ailes who has a real eye for talent personally chose the intelligent, soon to be supersed our Hannity to head up a show in prime time on his newly created Fox News channel. According to the New York Times, the show's working title was Hannity and liberal to be determined. After Hannity, the self-described arch-conservative shows Koms, the former stand-up comedian and self-described moderate, I'm quite moderate, told USA today reporter, Koms and his lawyer demanded that the name of the show be changed, it would be the last argument Koms would ever win. When I first met Hannity, I had no idea who the hell he was, it was 1996 in a green room at Fox News, I had just finished my first appearance on the factor to promote Rush Limbaugh as a big fat idiot, and was about to pick up my coat when I was confronted by what appeared to be an angry Irish ape man. Hannity didn't like the title of my book. I hope I'll believe in making Adhna Montaxi said, thrusting his John a characteristic display of semi-integration. Oh, that's why I titled it Rush Limbaugh's a big fat idiot, it's an ironic comment in the fact that Rush makes Adhna Montax all the time, you see? Evidently not. I've never heard of making Adhna Montaxi said, the Hannity, is that would later learn this was in keeping with Sean's season ability to lie and believe it really just lie. How about they called Chelsea Clinton the White House dog would that qualify? This was a very famous incident. On Rush's TV show in 1993 shortly after Clinton took off as an years before Buddy joined the first family, the show put up a picture of socks the cat. Did you know that the Clinton's not only have a White House cat Rush said poorly, but they also have a White House dog, then on-screen came a picture of 13 year old Chelsea. Sean was ready for that one, that was a mistake a technician accidentally put up the wrong picture. Really okay then tell me what was the joke, the Clinton's not only have a White House cat, the picture of socks, they also have a White House dog, what's the joke? What picture was supposed to come up? Alan comes with standing nearby, you know he's got a point Sean, there's no joke without the picture of Chelsea. But Sean would have none of it, it was a mistake, a technician put up the wrong picture, that's what Rush said, and I believe Rush. Okay, let me ask you this, it was a tape show, taped hours before it aired, out before an aired, if it was a technical mistake, why didn't they fix it with a correct picture, whatever that possibly could have been? Sean kept arguing his indefensible positions that are just giving up admitting that his pal Rush had crossed the line, at least in that one instance, after a couple of trips around the Barn Eye Q shot of intellectual dishonesty. Electrical dishonesty, shot back, how about the Democrats and King Rich watched to got Medicare spending? You're changing the subject Sean, when actually it's a 7% increase in spending increase. Right, look you could just admit that Rush deliberately insulted the 13 year, I mean talk about intellectual dishonesty. For some reason that set me off along before we were screaming at each other, I had never in my life hated a person more than I hated Sean handed it at that moment. Finally, comes broke us up and I love checking my head wondering who was that asshole? You're watching porn. Business Busch? Sports Waiting for my city? You ain't whatsoever Uh, rich, dumb ad. I liked watching the movies. Keys and Cre perspore was packed but they were unbelievable. It was an accident, as I couldn't looks at you. On a Y suit of things happened, only because you know what's all this strange with you. Ahhhh Think of us and we're at the redneck bar Oh now, fall for us Think of our love Us are in the sky, shaving green So I left it all my face When I went to work I looked like a jerk and I was fired in the screen Driving home, I was all alone Thinking someone's way and trick saw me I didn't believe you were there I could see Jesus staring back at me Oh right I saw Jesus I was like, oh, oh, oh I saw him alone My laptop closed There ain't a seat in my car Oh my friends Think of us and the redneck bar Oh, so big I was like, oh, oh Oh, so big Oh, so big I saw him alone The side of the top Oh, where the look that all my cop I saw him in A boldest thing getting in the shadows But her scar Yes, I saw him On the stick of all of all Everybody I saw Jesus I was like, oh, oh, oh I saw him alone My laptop closed There ain't a seat in my car All my friends Think of us Down to redneck bar Oh, so big I was like, oh, oh, oh Oh, so big There ain't a gear There ain't a gear A couple of eight At five, 60WQ I'm who would, what famous person living today Would you like your son to emulate to be a role model? Not a long list of names, unfortunately Michael more 33, built in 32 Jim managed 23 Pass me like I was standing still He arrived just 20 Howard Dean 14 George W. or 13 Corvette Alphabon No, I'm Chomsky's down on her because it's probably you and Eric to an out of spell it Oh, I thought I was a joke name No, I'm Chomsky was a joke name I don't know who the hell that is Like that one of the brilliant authors of our time Oh, yeah One of the brilliant liberal minds of our time No M-O-A-M-C-H-O-M-S-K-Y No M-Chomsky get with it Go read something That's right And anyway Going on here in the L-Frenken book He says fast forward seven years And that asshole meaning Kronhanna The now is the second most popular radio talk show in America Right after the guy who made the Chelsea joke 8 million listeners regularly sharpened their minds on the West Donov His rough sturdy tongue One of those listeners emailed me a couple of months ago to the extreme of her green room fraccus Only he embellished a little according to Shaw and I had been escorted out by Fox Security Another lie from Shaw and Hannity or was it? It occurred to me that I had been escorted out by Koms In addition to being Shaw's liberal honor punching bag Maybe just maybe Koms also worked security to tell the Fox In fact now that I thought about it is the only liberal of Fox Koms probably a lot of other odd jobs around the network As it turns out I was right In the odd jobs chapter in Ellen's new autobiography Back to you Shaw on the Ellen Koms story We learned that Koms duties as Coast Hill Coast of Head of the Inkoms include Adding toned to the copiers and critters Looth the anger as your alesness personal steam room And ordering Chinese food for editors working on misleading video packages A scripturalist removal of lent from Shaw's deck It using Ellen's trusty lid rower And it's show time Another fabulous show and after we had it maybe headed home But Ellen Koms days just begin Hello How you doing? Morning. It's lonely being the only liberal of Fox But Ellen doesn't mind. There's so much satisfaction to be had Not just from occasionally getting a word in edgewise on his own show But from hearing Roger Aels chuckle when he sees the little papers You're creating hand-atized for your protection That the former comedian carefully plays across the sea of the toilet And is private bathroom If you haven't heard of Koms book Maybe because it's been overshadowed by Handardy's own page sooner The New York Times bestseller let freedom ring The book lays out the conservative party line And everything from A to Z where A is for abortion and Z for his apply side's economics Amazon.com reviewer Ronald Ohandowski of Huntsville Texas He gives the book five stars and calls Shaw in the new conservative genius It is review he goes on don't listen to those other jerks Or only waiting the book with one star to bring down the average Whether or not let freedom ring deserves one star or five depends very much on how one judge is books If one relies on the uninformed or old Andalski approach A five it is. However team fracking use the more sophisticated approach We ask questions like is what the book says true and how could Handardy be so incredibly obnoxious And why would any sane person buy this book? To arrive at our rating team fracking way to the first question is what the book says true 85% more heavily than the other two questions combined This may seem unfair to Mr. Handardy who is will demonstrate below Does not understand percentages You think according to our waiting system which start with the lies Instead for reasons too technical will be explained here I'll just start with the incredibly obnoxious stuff Here's a doozy pages 145 to 6 Pandities ran about the absolute abomination that is the New York City public school system After rattling off some grim statistics about test scores he says Sity instead education officials didn't seem to have a clue about what was going wrong Is the teaching ass-day education commissioner Richard Mills? Is the teaching practice? Is it the material? Is it the students? Workstoodins are doing? What are they reading? What are they writing? What kind of math problems are they doing? What are these people doing with our tax dollars if they don't even know the answers to these questions? You should know dear reader. This is our read these right-wing books. Often scroll notes in the marks of why reach this particularly nugget. I wrote Returico question asshole It sure seemed like Mr. Mills was dramatically illustrating his commitment to examining every aspect of the state's educational system In his quest for excellence in higher standards and that Hannity full of content for both his readers and the truth Was twisting this good man's words into a new civilized In fairness however I went back to the article Hannity was quoting the examin Mr. Mills' words for myself Was he his Hannity implied bumbling around hoping that someone would tell him what he is kids in school were doing all day? I'll report you decide. Here's how Mr. Mills starts When you look at schools in relation to the accountability system New York City schools have a long way to go Now for a little context Richard Mills was the person who had created that accountability system In fact just the year before Mills had been presented with a prestigious corning award for excellence Because among other things he had said tough to lack it in my standards and required rigorous testing of all students progress The difficulty of the test that Mills himself had imposed had led to low test scores handed aside and back to the article There's no simple fixie said I would peel the onion. I would ask questions about all the fundamentals that go on in school And that's where Hannity started quoting him when no start to ask in questions about all the fundamentals So when Mills asked is it teaching what are they reading he didn't mean literally he was using what's called a rhetorical device But you knew that Sean and you saw presented it as if the man had no clue what was going on in the schools You see why that's obnoxious and not just obnoxious but also dishonest and frankly stupid Let's do another one During one of his endearing liberal bashing jags handed these bits out They tell us that fuel burning SUVs are bad for America, but flag burning SOBs aren't While Sean fuel burning SUVs burn fuel and there are about 50 million of them they contributed to global warming and are dependence on our from countries like Saudi Arabia Which from the very terrorism you profess to be so upset about flag burning on the other hand is relatively rare And what's more Saudi Arabia does not produce American flags most of her complex are made in Taiwan a staunch ally Here's another ridiculous thing he says and keeping with his uncompromising stance against terrorism Hannity takes a tough principle stand against John Walker Lindy Merck and Taliban I'm with Hannity when he calls Linda Trader but we're either Earth's me as when he uses Linda to line an entire country No one man can represent an entire county no one man can represent an entire county less that county is climax county Montana Which doesn't need to have a single resident zero Wagner of county road one Here's Hannity named after John Lennon Johnlin was born in Marin County wealthy liberal suburb of San Francisco He grew up in a veritable ideological Disneyland of moral relativism political correctness and not to settle anti-American multiculturalism The kind that preaches that America is a racist sexist bigoted imperialistic homophobic and thus fundamentally evil and oppressive nation It's a wonder then Marin produced only one American Taliban and not thousands isn't it we're lucky Al-Qaeda didn't establish a training camp right there in San Salito Hannity keeps hacking away He grew up feeding his mind on the autobiography of Malcolm X not Moses or Peter Rappal and time Lynn converted from anything goes liberal agnosticism to hardcore Middle Eastern erratical Islam Before reading this I had never considered the rectline between liberal agnosticism and hardcore erratical Islam But Hannity has a strong case so many of my liberal agnostic women friends from college gradually relinquished their freedoms and decided to spend the rest of lives in Chadoras avoiding the gaze of men In contrast the Lindsey prey childhood environment Hannity trumpets his long island child and they protective embrace of the Catholic Church G nothing weird happened to kill little boys in the Catholic Church, Aishan nothing that would explain your bizarre fixation with our nation's homosexuals Throughout less freedom ring and the half-truths about tax policy and the problem about national security We find page upon page of denunciation of homosexuals homosexuality and homosexual practices including believe it or not on page 158 a graphic description of what he calls Fisting I am bonus father of since Felix need to has one Natasha and I no longer have to look for a motion square instead we listen to a new Rogers parent balance went to two hours How it's called an I don't know much All the two Christopher low a nothing like a horse down room with a stiff without a way Reckham Fisting Fisting Fisting Fibre bodice as its grace Fisting Fisting Fisting Fisting The way Forward Right Right Right Right Right Out Low Rusted Fisting Fisting The hell's the best for me? Ooh, thank you! Don't have a ride to feed Distance from out of the way You're such people seem to like Who knows you may even find Do the right of the countryside Distance from out of the way Yeah, Distance from out of the way All right, Distance from out of the way Every body who will cage Yeah, Distance from out of the way Distance from out of the way Distance from out of the way Distance from out of the way Let's go out, we've fallen Let's ride Let's ride Let's ride out One or two at five, this year WFM 1207 votes on a poll What kind of voting person will you like to see as a role model for your son if you had a son? Bill Clinton 42 Michael More 37 Jim Mandage 36 Oh, right Yours truly 27 How are Dean? What is that? 18 George Wish 14 Grovidale Six Tim Robbins won He just won on there No one jumpski don't have any Because like George A. Have no idea who the He said Pretty sad Anyway, getting back to Al-Frecken I've shown him a hand of the That obnoxious right wing piece of turt on Fox Now you left on on 50 Yes, I did How appropriate Speaking of affirmative experiences he says Hannity tells us about one of his great early inspirations On page 43 he outlines the life story of his embattled hero He's talking about how his champion was keyed into the gravity of the terrorist threat Even back in the 80s he says Alley North decorated for courage and bravery in Vietnam with a silver star The bronze star two purple hearts and three navy combination medals Help plan the Reagan administrations liberation of Granada He helped plan the rate against Libya And response to repeated rounds of Libyan terrorism He helped the president wage a relentless campaign for freedom and democracy in Central America And for his efforts, alley in his family We're not heralded as American heroes They were targeted first by Libyan terrorist and then by liberal democrats On page 263 tells the full story Alley North decorated for courage and bravery in Vietnam with a silver star The bronze star two purple hearts and three navy combination medals Was also keyed into the gravity of the terrorist threat He helped plan the Reagan administrations liberation of Granada He helped plan the rate against Libya And response to repeated rounds of Libyan terrorism He helped the Reagan Bush administration wage a relentless campaign for freedom and democracy in Central America And for his efforts, alley in his family we're not heralded as American heroes They were targeted first by Libyan terrorist physically and then by liberal democrats politically and legally From this I gleaned a couple of things First that Oliver North was decorated with a silver star The bronze star two purple hearts and three cotton navy combination medals Was involved in the military actions in Granada, Libyan throughout Central America And was targeted both by Libyan terrorist and by liberal democrats Secondly, the hand of the must have been paid by the word As I am, look for more on Oliver North's medals throughout this book Why exactly was North targeted by liberal democrats and moderate democrats and moderate republicans in the 80s? Was it for his bravery and courage which one of the silver star the bronze star two purple hearts and three navy combination medals? No, it was because he broke the law and led the line to Congress about it It was the Iran counterharing that first got handy if said about politics Like nothing before it he says the Iran counterharing struck a court of discontent urgency in me It was as if they were calling me to action You've got to wonder about a guy who's interested in politics was inspired by the illegal funding of terrorists Back to our book rating system the initial idea if your recall has been to separate the analysis into three categories Obnoxiousness why would any same person buy this book and lies? I now realize the humor so the support since there's so much overlap between these categories So far I've tried my best to maintain a laser-like focus on incredibly obnoxious material The way I've perforced looked into instances of naked dishonesty and strong reason to question the sanity of anyone who bought this thing Similarly, as I move into the lying section, I'll be unable to strictly adhere to the rigid boundaries of our initial model. I apologize like Arnold he apologizes Line number one Can't vouch your phrase examples of out your schools Or near our state education commissioner Mills noted that there's no simple fix for the problems of near our city school Handedly is found one and not just for New York but for every school in the country vouchers It's about competition and the government gives every student a voucher for tuition at the school of his or her choice public Private or perocule schools be forced to compete to resolve an education revolution You're going to see excellence in education because the parents are going to send their kids to schools Where there is discipline where there are no problems where their kids will get a good education And we'd see test scores grow through the roof explains sanity vouchers as Hannity will succeed because they'll break the nearly government A nearly total government obmanoply on K through 12 education this country the proof Hannity has described a couple of since discredited studies and then quotes an editorial saying that vouchers offer the only hope available To many poor students trapped in the worst schools now comes the lie one more proof as Hannity come right here in New York He then trumpets the miracle in East Harlem the fight for choice in public education Abluck the Chronicles a remarkable success during one of America's most troubled school districts What happened in Harlem a handful of teachers in principles and this before recognized a district we organized a district in the small independently Ronald turned their public schools to which neighborhood parents could choose to send their children the result Hannity puts it best Small innovative public schools having just a little more freedom than traditional public schools has paid such big Invalidable dividends of the lives of children their parents kids are learning in Harlem gives you hope doesn't it but not for vouchers because the miracle in East Harlem Didn't actually involve vouchers. There were no vouchers none nobody got a voucher vouchers not a part of the miracle Even though he offers it is proof that vouchers offer the only hope available Hannity carefully avoid saying whether or not the East Harlem program uses vouchers Suddenly he switches to the term school choice The artful avoidance of a literal untroup makes this especially sneaky kind of lie He's deliberately misleading his readers when you have to miss lead to make your arguments because you know you don't have a case To debate over vouchers isn't about school choice It's about whether I've heard money from public schools working fund programs like this one to private schools The Harlem stories about innovation within the public school system and specifically about the proven benefits of reducing the size of large schools The federal smaller learning communities program aims to replicate the miracle of East Harlem nation wide And it's 2003 budget however prison and push put the program on his list for termination Line number two the no growth 90s This is a simple one for some reason in the midst of making a point about something or odd on page 205 Hannity let this one rip Decades of liberal no growth policies have seriously endangered right economic and national security Here's a chance for you the reader to write your own joke. You might want to include a reference tile Clinton presided over the longest economic expansion in the history of the US I'm sure Hannity's publisher Harper Collins will get a kick out of seeing what you come up with Send your ripticular to an azad Harper Collins address in New York Line number three Through seven the crazy table During the first hundred ninety years of our great democracy's existence our government backed up $700 e9 billion in debt that might sound like a lot but during the eight years that Ronald Reagan occupied the White House He managed to nearly triple that number the day he left office our national debts through the two-point one nine trillion dollars That's a hard number to even comprehend if it helps picture a stack of twenty one hundred ninety one billion dollar bills Lot of money huh? It's a secret ten of the line right that Ronald Reagan did not cause the massive budget deficit of the eighties Republicans keep trying to find new and creative ways to disprove the truth of this one The Howard favorite is the old saw that his handedly puts it the deficits of the eighties were caused by the Insatiable spending demands of the congressional Democrats the prove at Kennedy pulls a table not out of his ass But out of his yes That is he takes the trouble of going on the arpenet well, I'm sorry. Thanks to go. It's the internet and downloading a chart from the Ronald Reagan home page Less do you think the Ronald Reagan home page is former president Reagan's actual official home page? You should know it's not It's the brainchild of Brett Kotman who's also the webmaster Brett Kotman's reality hammer a page featuring occasional essays defending the regular legacy Hannity plus the table directly from the web and prints it on page two twenty three of his book Hannity authors the table slightly he leaves out one key number which I'll discuss below The table proves or I should say proves or should I say does not prove the Congress caused the deficit by inflating Reagan spending Here's the table is Hannity presented and there he's got a printed in the book If this is confusing don't worry, it was meant to be stare at it for a while and particularly think about the column on the right Go ahead take a long look at it. How you doing? Perhaps it'll help to be descendants the Hannity uses to introduce the table in fact had all our Regans budgets been adopted federal spending would have been 25% less on a cumulative basis Let's parse that sentence It seems to say that how our Regans budgets been adopted federal spending would have been 25% less on a cumulative basis in fact That's exactly what it says What does that mean? Well, it seems to mean that if Congress had passed all of the budgets that Reagan had proposed then the government have a cumulative A cumulative of this spent 25% less money. That's a fair interpretation, right? And if true that means Congress was responsible for the Reagan era deficits now look at let's look at the totals section of the table What appears to be the total of Regans proposals or about two hundred million dollars less amount appears to be the total of Congress's budget busting appropriations Or if the table says in the average percent different section the difference is 2.8 percent For this this part here is just too too many numbers. I'm saying two complex to many numbers I mean he's all right See I want to say the table you have to take a look at it. What's up about my book and what the okay? Let me let me I'm just going to skip over that and go to Page was 101 I'm gonna say I'm not really happy about even reading the chapter that all teach me to let the audience influence we won't part of a book to read on here Why because as much as they did huh? I didn't know it had all these numbers. Yeah, I did but I mean just it doesn't work in the translation The chapter on the end colder and the one on Bill O'Reilly were great. This one quite frankly so far below So like I said don't let the audience influence ever again. Okay. It's 11 after one. How's let's say bushes in Britain? No, no, 10s of thousands of which we knew that there are tens of thousands maybe a hundred thousand people protesting They got their burning their candles and maybe their flags and yati adi and Michael Jackson's on the way to a never never seen again Another net life is sweet and how are they divided by it away as a bigger asshole than ever we got you mo okay We got you by the short hairs if you find that expression The brand these shoes in Pompano Beach is celebrating a big anniversary They're 25th anniversary this year 25 years. They've been putting great shoes on people's feet and they got in bigger and more prosperous and more popular because nobody does it like they do The top names and issue business on be theable prices and personal service to make sure you get a perfect at every time Made Brandies as popular as it gets they got them all they got rock ports echoes no fisto timbulent cars S a s floor shim you name it They got it and no matter how big or smaller foot is they can make them sure they got what you want because they got sizes men's six to 15 women's five 12 Wits from the very near order the very wide Brandy shoes you'll find about 12. 90 North federal highway Pompano Beach the open Monday through Saturday nine. Dull nine Sundays 10 to five and now like I said during the 25th anniversary Come in this week for great savings on men's and women's S a issues all this week or find more details about this on our website Brandies shoes.com This is for trio five six It's day Tell There's Oakland Park hello yes this is a Roger speaking it's Rogers Reverend Jones here and I you're another another funny Revenue Kevin Controversa will show today on allers from the past what is it you're having a controversial show on Colors from the past no we're not talking about colors from the past your kids bits that you're doing sure what are you talking about your plane old bit no No, I'm not aware we we had a call a while back and I guess you did a tape and you made some type of a Card on as I guess that's what they're telling me and we discussed not playing it on the air what are you talking about That's the part the gay bits or that was one of my Thursday Yes, sir. Yeah, appreciate to not play that I thought you would leave a letter We see your letter. You're gay. You're gay. Did you receive the letters? You're gay. You're gay. Sir. You're gay. Did you receive the letters? You're gay. There'll be a lawsuit. You're gay. Sir. You're gay. No, you're gay. Sir. You're gay. What was he trying to say? 117 at 560 WQM. Okay, there's only a couple pages left in this chapter. I apologize for the redness chapter because I got it It's not good. I mean the chapter's fine, but it's just not good for reading on the air doesn't translate Line number eight handed he makes it sound like it was the Democrats who were interested in investigating the cause that I'm level one actually was the Republicans Especially the White House who did everything it could have blocking independent probe into the massive intelligence failure No matter what ant culture may say 911 is no joking matter on that we can all agree After 911 I wanted to know what had gone wrong so did most Americans except handed he claims the Democrats in Congress He says that liberal Democrats at first or a little interest in the investigation of the roots of this massive intelligence failure The Democrats with a bad guys handed in those who the good guys were Bush and his team he says made it clear that determining the causes of America's security failures and finding and remaining its weak points will be central to their mission He must have been referring to the October 6, 2001 New York Times article house votes for more spy aid and and to pull in reins of inquiry It said that Democrats are offered their own amendment continue to push for a commission that would examine the events leading up to 911 and the failure to stop the attacks No, I guess that can't be it But you know you can't trust in the York Times like you can trust the Washington Times I guess how did he must have been thinking of May 24th 2002 Bush rejects probe of 911 will knock you up sensitive terror papers wait Bush rejects that makes it sound like Bush was rejecting the probe instead of Democrats So maybe hey Hannity was talking about the May 20 of 2002 New York Times article Cheney rejects broader access to terror brief That article began vice president deftainy said that he would advise President Bush not to turn over to Congress the August intelligence briefing That warned that terrorists were interested in hijacking planes all that almost sounds like the opposite of Hannity's point Wait must be the October 21st 2002 Newsweek article Cheney investigators keep out now that doesn't sound too promising what about the first sentence Dick Cheney played a behind-the-scenes role last weekend he ran and agreement to create an independent commission Investigate the 911 attacks hmm, well, what about the article's license? There's just this general philosophical orientation that the less the world knows the better says one GOP staffer Of course the fact is the Bush administration thought an 911 commission every step of the way even though the families of the victims were begging for an independent probe from day one When political reality finally forced the Bush he's to give in Again Again So how you doing we go how's that total going? I don't know if Neil can hear us but we can't hear him I don't know if anybody's here on the street he cut off Do you just kept right on reading so I don't think he knows that he's off the air? I don't know why don't you go out and find out what's going on Hey, I'm back in the second time and when things like this happen I was wondering who's in the control room and who's an engineering and who's pulling plugs and Who's pulling wires and Neil if you're reading and hear me talk? That's because we can't hear you and and the beat goes on If you fire off some music here if I had any cute up and of course if I was smarter I'd have something ready other than the of course the fence red Philharmonies the dissolve with guns Don't forget to join the QA in vans and five seven to public's located at 411 South Cypress Creek Road in Pumpano Beach anything Anyone in the nearer huh nobody's an engineering nobody's an engineering nobody's an engineering courtesy in touch Nutton and according to the system one way there. I you'll still there I like this What the hell you play you didn't lean on the pocket huh you didn't lean on his pot and try to mock it No, you don't I'm thinking you're not gonna lie down to me. I know that I want to you know a little bit paranoid Considering recent events not having room there Well, I've gotten used to you know, I trust you, but I've gotten used to that trusting the other person I remember I don't part as on a tall red Nothing like it I don't know what percentage of the ratings are responsible for the fact that we live But there's a this is the kind of thing that people like all kind of planned events like You think he leaned the book on the pot On his microphone a piece shot his microphone off. He would have heard His microphone shut up He's got the same range but up there is the down here you can hear himself back in itself A little bit low relative is my left. There he is I'm taking calls for this guy. I think it's how it looks and what happened to you I maybe somebody kidnapped I have no idea what the line would go out but you probably call somebody everybody not to lunch still Yeah, I'm buddy here. Nobody in the building. Oh, why don't we just you don't think you want to come in and running in here already when they hear your voice on the air Oh, it sales people maybe nobody broke Yeah, they don't they don't know they don't care they don't know I mean, it's not we can avoid it. We're gonna hire it It's like the opposite of the rest of the station with us, you know when it's not sports Have to people in the station. I'm gonna write on a music for the first time there Most of the people in the station don't listen to it when it's not sports just like some of us don't listen to it when it is sports So I absolutely know idea what's going on just he have a live spot to do because How it he's got to read how it hey What the hell time is it? I don't know I've been distracted with you I understand even the structure you shouldn't be doing that. Hey, stuff. How you doing? You'll just appeared and we don't know what but I'm glad to see you know as much as we do So uh, stuff can run around the halls Like chicken little and and find somebody Maybe I have no idea if Neil can hear us for that matter you might want to call him hey Neil Because the if the line coming down is off then the line coming up might just as well be you know I don't know how that was a glitch Oh, I'm a spectacle how about that gnome chomsky ever hear him in your life? Who the hell is that? I could try to stress because I haven't read since I was required to in high school Though true, which is not that true Lighter because you didn't read it. They neither. No, I did I had to All right, you read maximum all the time Read ain't the right word for what I do with maximum It's gonna pick it up and go on a turning page is that doesn't mean that I'm reading maybe some captions So how about that hot chick with that? Doeve there the Russian chick on the unblind date mom. It always good Blind dates been they they got it down finally they got the formula down they've stopped with old people and fat people and Radies were love and if they have a ethnic alternatives on there they're good looking ethnic alternatives for while there it was like Oh my god, what what I'm all in washer woman is this? They know how to get ratings. They're the best enough course. So hello Are you back? Was that you? Was what who what I didn't hear now you didn't make that noise diggin what noise? Now I'm afraid of talking a little creepy here Take a call. You want to take a call Are you kidding me you want it you want to role play when I was what's a good? Let's go in on Heaven and meal if hey if we knew we would say So yeah, this is what you get when you have live radios you have spontaneity and you have nothing maybe the anarchists are responsible They're a little busy right now getting a hot topics needs to update their product you guys have For two months now you got the same crappy old shirts over there And like I was gonna buy an anarchist t-shirt just in honor of the all the festivities going on downtown and they didn't have my size which ain't tough I wear a range but they like it's either the ultra small You know the titty hugging shirts like the like the girls were like I don't want to say who perceptionist not Carlos Or the ultra big pup tents Large will do extra large will do Because you know how they so hey hot topics in the adventure I'm all update your products Is there an update? I see the dust on the phone is he talking to me? Oh, he's not about to make a long distance phone call to Canadian A and I just want it was getting good here. He hasn't even gotten to the festing yet It's green. Let's yeah, I don't know all right. I'll take some calls for it. Lutterdale. Hello. Yeah How you doing here? We're just going to cancel the open back now. I had a couple of quick things My name for the poll and you're not a sports guy but Neil would know who this is Sandy co-facts I heard the name. I don't live in a case More famous than no nomchomsky, but I'm not gonna put him on there because who cares? QAM hello technical difficulty. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. See see why don't want to take any calls That doesn't want to like the reading if we had real audience participation on this show I'd say yeah, that's what a talk show should be host says some things the audience responds to it That's trying to get your attention over there for some reason Open See there's what life could be here in South Florida Thinking about that while I'm thinking about the driving this morning just within seconds They're trying to kill you How do you have a good day when they're trying to kill you before you even get there? I got a question for you sure So how do you dial out of here? How do you dial what out of here? How do you dial out of there? Well, you can't you you have to use the real phone to dial out of there What we're gonna call on you online to dial out We're gonna call you on the hotline and get them on the phone. Well, it's time for the break So what do we take the break we'll do that during the break and he can make up the halib at some point somewhere since he's got to do that anyway 128 on 560 WQA Yeah, you want the thing You want me to play a bit or something like that? No, let's just go right to the phone. Hello Toronto Hey, we got to do this spot. Oh, and I'm hearing it after the delay. I got to turn that down There's nothing wrong on this end. I'll play to that right now. I'm sure Listen to this Yeah, we know you can't hear it, but I can't it's like it's me coming back like about a half a second to later. It's great great Echo we verb here you go crank it up there you got it all right There's so much on like a crap on here. You can't play drops either How about your phone you can't play drops? Yeah Well, it's already one 30 it's a day with things that happen at 10 20 You know, I don't know what's wrong on it. I don't know what I want everybody know it's on the Miami end It's not here all of my stuff is pristine. It's fine I didn't hit any button everything is feeding out like it always does all my little lights around everything It's excellent. You know what I'm saying might be the anarchists? Let me do the spot and it's not how well. I don't know. Yeah, you guys are And I think the well in there is like doing the acid or something Ask this is not gonna sound good when he spots on the phone is it as they audio quality is bad as I think it is I wish all the cell phone calls that we get sun it is good as yours It comes up there crystal clear does it really what services that okay? Let me do the suggest the bug up all right One of the best kept out for the dining secrets is in crawl spring the gold coast seafood grilled is celebrated They're one year anniversary and got three and a half stars from the Sun several showtime batting review I think that is punishing me for reading that bad chapter on the air the gold coast Who grilled got special is including mango plum salmon on across the Mahima he orange honey glazed sea bass and Craven shrimp stuffed trout There's an incredible biometrics to go go see food grill you find the sensitive water martini Let's big gigantic martinis that you could stick George and do it happy I only five and a half bucks from four to seven p.m. seven days a week the gold co-seafood grilled in call springs 2752 north university drive inside the beautiful walk shopping center for reservations more information called nine five four two five five fish You can die inside around side large parties and private functions welcome to so experience the best kept secret lunch A dinner dining gets the gold co-seafood grill in all springs at 2752 north university Driving side the walk shopping center always find great seafood a great price at the gold coast seafood grill Okay, so I don't I'm not gonna really more that book. No. Oh, what are you gonna do? Take calls No, not gonna take any calls. I'm gonna take calls It's a good deal. Oh, I lost on we could tell you guys stuff here. I don't I don't care about the calls the call suck anyway All right. Yeah, I want guy that call her a few days ago all I ever hear you do is is complain about the colors Rutscus most colors suck most colors called a suck ass like most colors this morning Oh, I want you to I really enjoy your play by playing. Let me say it again. Well. Let me tell you man You can count the days on a calendar with one finger all right. You scumbag you because now I'm really as as pissed off and burnt up as I was about him before Now that we got this technical sabotage or whatever's going on. It's probably a course So probably yanked absolutely think I think course. Oh yanked We suspected that but he ain't around nobody at home. I thought I thought Moff just said he's I'm just way up He's not his way up from like somewhere far away and he'll be there about 250 netch and help preserve the problem If he can get right I am on this thing how it just dropped off I'm in a reading a sentence right here. You bap a bine can Miguel hear me What was that all about you dropped off? You did What's that what earlier in the show you dropped off for about a second and freaked us out, but it was just a like a little blip Yeah, and this time you just didn't come back Well the fact that that happened should prove you that there's nothing going on on this end Oh, I'm not presuming that it is going on on that end, but the fact remains I'm lucky it's on a line because everything feeding out of this studio is a Okay, it's perfect. It's pretty okay. It's pristine. Remember that we'll be pristine without the Hummus geeky kid 58 Sorry, I guess I'll just do this spot and I can't play the stuff right now No, what no, I'll read your mind and play some stuff. Okay Paul support for you a standing a record drop if you had any idea what this is like with his damn thing in my mind I got a mental pattern. I'm cracking up from it. Oh, yeah, crack this a thin majority of Americans still believe the situation in Iraq was worth going to war there morons But most are unconvinced wars made the US safer from terrorists. The US today. Did they see in Gallup? Colby show up at the same time approval for the way the US is handled Iraq's president Bush declared an end-a-major combat may one has dropped for a half From 80 percent as US tanks roll in the bag that an April to 42 percent now The handling of the award Iraq 42 percent more than half 55 percent Disapprove the administration post combat management Which is the highest negative measurement on a question since the invasion why love that the invasion They're finally using the right terms not the war of liberation operas whatever the invasion Women minorities liberals moderates independence and Democrats are least approving Bush women with no plan for getting out to the Rita Olin 73 retired saleswoman and market city new Jersey They've been fighting in Iraq since the biblical days as sure on L.A. and 50 retired custodial systems philosophy janitor Going over there and try to change it isn't gonna work Meals whites conservatives and Republicans are more positive in their assessments of course We have to protect democracy from these terrorist groups and there was no choice but to take action says Nate Weston 40 and ironwork in Madison Maine right from these terrorist groups What terrorist groups is he talking about the ones in Iraq? You know this one in that one no David how 67 boy and they talk to any young people in this are freelance writer in Ego the brasscuses more international Help is needed in the bush administration needs to sell its case a little more So why we needed more help and move from there the US military and coalition forces are carrying a pretty heavy burden right now. No Let's hear swim majority in the poll taken five days through Sunday 53 percent There's not except Bush's premise that US action in Iraq will encourage political and economic reform and other countries in the Middle East Most of those poll 55 percent say Muslim countries in the movies can become democracy whether they want to or not We're making them an offer they can't refuse you're gonna become an amount of democracy Well, we don't want it, but that's okay. We want you to okay. We want you to so screw off How's that pull coming? Oh, this is good to now actually move around after a button off mic What famous living person will you like to be a role model for your son if you had one? And again, just I was wrong. I said we get more names on here than we do with the females I think we got maybe one or two more so we know 244 votes bill Clinton 58 Jim managed 55 the mad dog. I would play that, but you got a mark Michael more 44 Neil Rogers 34 George W. Bush 20 Howard D 19 Gov. 07. Oh, I'm chance he for him. Robbins three. See don't chance he's got four votes. Wow Probably makes you feel like some kind of an idiot So 5 to 70 already promoted this I guess because I can hear you just fine. See that's the interesting thing I hear you fine, so if the line was down I wouldn't hear you say right well I give up so how can that possibly be somebody must have hit something one of the buttons or something on here on the The rooms and the girl you're not there and like the whole floor is empty. It's not like there's nobody in the control room in engineering Which there's not there's nobody around anywhere stepping for dinner What I'm saying you is I could never get the the Return right there and hear you which I was hearing all along if the line was done so it's not the line. Well, maybe Not any lines how do you how do we know what it works? I figure part. How do we know how it works? I might be too there are not two lines When in coming when one outgoing I'm just not waiting let me say it again there or not too long I could I could deal with this thing on the return pop, but I know that's not it because it's It's always is I don't deal with unless it makes a lot of noise Well sometimes if you're not careful it can make a lot of noise Dawkins Potter hit me woman says She I'm glad we got all of this stuff because like I said it calls were pathetic How come I look like I'm on oh on my phone yeah, you are a little like I'm on oh You are and I locked you so technically you could take a cup of you find it to I don't want to take any calls No, I'd like to call no I'm get a few names that'll be honest with you In order you're a liar number one your so full of crap Give a little assignment to do when he tells me this point. Oh, yeah I did that while I didn't I would out of be if I said you're you're trying to like fat dance You're not on a job your full of crap You're too busy with 80 minutes other things try to be hero to mankind and you're not getting the job Yeah, I'd be on syndicated the radio on 8,000 stations and I've sitting around here playing a radio from a Toronto trying to keep the line on here There's there's something on your end man. There's somebody must have potsky with something somewhere in that building Well, we'll just argue with everything. I'm gonna go in there which is press all every button in the room So you know I'm talking about the little the tell-o-st thing that's got the green button on it and any other Every nothing here is changed as I can see I can see the audio feed now because I do have the micro But just in case you should magically come back on when you walk you into like why it's just in case you There's a funny to you were lost students is Matt Turk the dolphins putters left a wine glass out of her hand striking We're in the face outside the Davy a Turkey five says he was at the sports bar that I Dr. Bron nineteen when it was filled with fans watching the second game of the world serious But he claims he didn't slap nobody the woman father report the night the legend With baby police the refer to the Broward state attorneys office no charges have been a file, but she has hired two attorneys Oh, according to the accuser, Miriam Arsa she and her friend and Zena Eldada I wonder if you get the email me that you're about my back. I know that was on that end Did I came back? Oh, I never had sure. Yeah, yeah, it's you see That's why I didn't change anything on this end, so is there somebody to building their dinner with stuff? I'm sure Well, there you go. I told you was on your ring Somebody is effin would stuff at that building man, and I'm not too happy about it I think it's a communist plot. I think Mo had something to do with it I'm gonna scumbag you you will low life no good checkered pants wearing old fart Hey, you're bad. See so that's a good thing. I kept in my com right damn straight Why don't I don't like doing that thing on the phone? I was bad. It was a was bad. It was bad But Zinaldada who's kind to a EDM in data Where they table outside the al-house 2018 South University driver to man exited the restaurant Parsis had demand wearing a flower shirt and jeans after about her religious denomination response What a homin atheist? She said demand displayed a bracelet and gray with the initials WWJD short for what would Jesus do his response to quit the woman what would Jesus think about what you said Parsis said she asked rhetorically what the Jesus would approve the man being drunk on a Sunday Apparently he didn't like her answer because he slapped the glass. He was drinking from out of her hand The reports as his hand hit her face in the glass felt at the ground and shattered the man walked away and drove off She said Parsis had several papers told her the man was Matt Turk These six foot four 225 pound NFL veteran was signed by the dolphins in September To replace a punner who was performing poorly in a woman called police Who said the woman had no visible injuries, but she's hired to attorneys Turks that he's notified that often the accusations the license has been taken if I would have slapped somebody said turk and police would have come and slap me in jail Is what he said Well, that sounds pretty convoluted to me, but you know something when you come right out of it. What would Jesus do? It would be take a good step belt, too. You know I'm ready to or even drink, but I'm ready to start now after this day So it's today anybody come running in and tell you what it was on it. Of course not wait. Well, why not? They read our phone. They read our phone. They read the phone They read the tell us so was something on your ass and a WQM See the audience thinks I keep making this up just to be funny or because I'm a hard ass I'm gonna tell you engineering in that place that the equipment is like from before Jesus was a baby Mark Honey would be embarrassed and humiliated Here we got a beautiful studio that was built of course by putting the engineers from a station I mean our friend Julio put it together there and took it apart and set it up here We was put together by real engineers from a real radio station here in Toronto and In addition we don't have people coming in here and did learn one stuff in the right man in the early. Yeah, like you do there And they stole my scissors right out of this room But you run vacation last Monday and I come in Monday and I'm working with that the goofball and everything was all screwed up after the first half I thought it was in term I hear out what little I got left And we keep telling muffin clearance the same stuff keep people out of there Maybe better but about what we don't think yeah, right man talk about a bunch of pussy's man Imagine us on your next mortgage imagine zero closing cause zero application Fee zero credit bureau fees zero discounted points. It's the last mortgage you ever be needing baby The revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group now with a unbelievably low interest rate It is 1.95% that means if you have a $200,000 loan you pay only 738 bucks a month and once you be fine Answer get a new home mortgage from financial group Here's even more good news. You'll never ever play cause a pay closing cost again So if you want more info call 1-800-9 for a landing grab real financing power with that low rate mortgage You can move to your next property without any further cost of expense the only one mortgage from financial group Call for details. It's a whole new way to buy zero underwriting fee zero dock fees zero prepimment penalty Zero closing cost even when you moved another property So get you financing it just 1.95% and never pay closing cost again 1-800-9 for Oland that's the financial group 1-800-9 for OLE and V equal housing lender restrictions apply Right sub to change monthly 5.19 APR Pa Juno Thank you One forty seven at five sixty WM Michael Jackson is surrounded within the next thirty minutes We're gonna be turning himself in and I think you're on a west coast at the never ever land where but it's gonna do it Too bad we won't be on the air for that, but you know, I'm glad I'm glad that that happened that technical screw if you want it alive Why because it happened when I only had like a page and I have to go any I'm never doing that again I mean I don't mind reading you know important stuff on here But reading books on here. This isn't like a neo-rodger show for the blind I know we have made probably some blind people in the audience like yeah, well, there you go Now I'm serious we probably have a few But not enough to make an audience see in the idea Then I'm gonna sit here and read books on here now the end-culture chapter was very amusing and great and the other and it even got you to go on But I hope when I write a variety one and that's enough Okay, I'm gonna say a reading entire book. No matter we'd like a few pages something here in here But to sit and read the pondress stuff like that that would that sucked That's a good thing in retrospect. You see I can find a silver lining in the middle of a dark cloud Although it's on a year and the audience loves it would crazy crap happens. No no listen because there was nobody listen in anyway at that point They all tuned out while you when I got to that part with the charts and the numbers I mean I was I don't I don't even want to read it to myself much less read those pages on the air Once I got myself sucked into it so to speak I had no way out. I was like, you know like I rack Right exactly very good analogy Proposed liberal radio network sold into investors away from for startup early next year. I'm game You're what gay a Group headed by a former adviser the Democratic National Committee has taken over the effort to create a liberal radio Network to compete with conservative talk radio Mark Walsh was also a former America online executive set his investors group Bothy proposed never worked from the venture capitalists who started and shall media LLC and February The purchase price is mom they insane at the time Sheldon and the need to drop me said the line of $10 million and hope to be on the year by this fall But the drop needs never hired any talent purchase that he stays into the side of his distribution contracts And it makes it kind of a problem. You got nobody to put on the air or any radio station to put him on if you had him That's secondary Walsh once served as the DNC's chief technology advisors said the atoos they expect to be broadcasting by early next year Which is great because that's been plenty of time for the erection next year Liberal comedian author out Franken said he was encouraged by the sale of Walsh's group and then he was talking with Walsh about developing a show Oh, right on you go boy Get out Franken a show and Michael Morris show. That sounds great to me It's a real liberals honor instead of the Sean Hannity's and Ali North and the G Gordon Litties and Rush Limba Pilpop and Peace of crap All they got just in Michael Jackson is surrounded within 30 minutes. They're breathless at CNN Oh man they got 8 million reporters there and they're all lined up and they got the cameras going and they got the Oh brother do they have a ticker account down clock? They're ticking it right now In fact, their ticker is probably pretty weak at this point just so excited Man another show that floodwater rest you again and West Virginia show that all the time. Hey times the sale Oh look at a pupacon or she pregnant Oh, she's pregnant poor lady she went past barricade she ignored all of advice to stop She's pregnant. Don't you understand oh you're a heartless prick. Yes, I am all of she was pretty grow test Stupid bitch Texas earns ban on gay unions Texas Republican leaders on Capitol Hill press Tuesday for Swift consideration of a constitutional amendment ban in gay marriage On the heels of ruling by Massachusetts high score allowing same-sex couples to wed and we see the same Legal rights is other this is that article in the Houston Chronicle. I made reference to it at the beginning part of the show In on the same page is the story. I'm not gonna read anymore disturb it on the same page is that news pool again. I'll say Houston Texas and the question is should gay marriages be allowed 5,055 votes Yes 45% no 53% underside of 2% that's in Texas in Houston, I grant you the rest of Texas what would help you that close But when you hear these national polls about well, I'm a majority say this in 62% say that Keep in mind what you're talking about it's just like the election I don't know how a Democrat is ever gonna win the election again Take a look at them mugwom statesman all and meah who's then you understand the the tremendous obstacles they got to overcome That's why I think Bob Graham ought to be under with Howard Dean he ought to be the VP maybe When Florida Florida's gonna swing it again. I think oh yeah, I really believe that you say that like it's a good thing What do you mean by that? Well, we got rid of Mary Malalfid if anybody was listening she got cans She got rolled by governor jimster jimbooshed it's something good today Roger it it's about time now we can do some vals good resign That would be great. Yeah Democrats had a good day get janirino in air come on jimboob boy. He ain't going to work 152 if I want us ready. He's got a sticker on help fix the election again Hey, if you're under paid no-ver worked if your job is crap if your paycheck is not even enough to take a crap Here's the answer for you fast train That's right if you don't have four years to waste on college even if you do but you don't have the cash for it Here's the answer just make their one simple call and really and honestly and truly change your life forever One eight six six past train is the number to call be sure mention that Todd Drek with the capital D Drek told you to call fast-tank and have you trained in certified for a high-pain computer network professional career or a High-paying medical computer specialist for in as little as four months That's right you can be fully trained already for a new career in just four short EC months fast train offers day Even a weekend classes they offer job placement assistance financially for people qualify and because fast-trained got four soft load locations It doesn't take a rocket scientist. Thank goodness to figure out there's probably one close by you convenient So if you want to really change your life if you want to get a job some skills and of course some money that goes along with the real paycheck Do it get off your ass and contact fast-trained you can check out the web first at fast-trained.com and make that call 1 866 fast train First time a crescer nation and they only want that's going now more blood will be spilled to get that oil Cohen forget about Korea The nook they're told to NASA right queen is really getting over and over and too are Daddy Rack has some 3,000 people killed are not forgotten let's exploit them instead Hey, they're go ill to be gotten going after some time to play kato summer There's no longer mention of the name in law, but no a seat concerned all I'm being complacent believe in every word of this cartel administration I control this by fear through me the manipulation and the right wing is drilling it over and over and too are And I rag has some weapons of mass destruction The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying we're all suspects now not the ash Croc this day and I have nothing to hide table parkers all are saying I know Beauty and cattle don't have any reservation out of provoke battle and world annihilation Old regime must fall and have a virgin and so with no objection at all Till the crackdown have the falls and the right wing is drilling it over and over and too All parade was bad I rag has some weapons of mass destruction The home of the unlucky This is a great story, I wish we had more time. I'll say it's good tomorrow US breadmakers hold crashes talks over impact of the atkins dying Oh my god, and so they came up the brits at a very dear panic with an advertising slogan use your loaf Have another slice Another loaf me right in that a beautiful Jam on it anyway the mad dog is stated by and man is he popular or what a right 73 votes 75 votes what famous living person would you like to be a role model for his son if you had one the mad dog Old number 88 Jim managed 75 votes leading the pack even had a bill put with 68 Michael more 49 The arraggios 40 that's shocking George W. Bush 23 They'd like their kids to be compulsive liars who look like Alfredi Newman with big ears Howard Dean 20 Gervi and all seven know him tromsky five and Tim Robbins have five Well, I'm gonna write my something I'll start my little diary now. I never had one before But we started diary. I'm gonna write your diary today was an a mitigated disaster Don't forget Miguel five to seven of the public with our best meal stuff four eleven South Cypress Road in Pompeo beats this afternoon I