On 560 WQAM, we'll never be the same. Starting this Monday, it's the sunny Fox and Greg Buudell Happy Hour Review. Monday through Friday 6th and a.m. Only on 560 WQAM. 560 WQAM is relieved to present the Farell and Gildy Show. That is the rally stop. Boys, you're supposed to be better in the end out of time. Yeah, I don't have to bring a towel to wipe the chair off no more. Yeah, you're the best guy in the world. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I do stay with our boys all day. No, this is my boy. I'm not putting me on every day. I wake up sound in the same way. Hey, you're the boy to itself. I was happy. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Play out with saying. You want to change your voice? Yeah, I want to grab me when I do. I love you. I don't know what to do. Grab your balls like that. Turn your face out. Help pull out your white and throw out your B Controller and call the Fire magical hands hands go. I舞 on playing with your control group. No. Uh oh, yeah, but I am always changing as we are. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. It was a good idea. Yeah. Wow. So you notice Moe is golfing up again with the Fareld of the Safnum. They were talking about last month. No, no. They're not bonding. Moe thinks that they're bonding, but they're not bonding. He's on the amol and gonna work. Is he gonna work? No, no. That bitch big in the building already. Is it really? Yeah. That's good. It's the Fareld and Geldy show starts Monday, 6 to 10. I think it would be an interesting pairing of voices. You got it, Matt. The way you know how they're showing America's got a pairing of voices like that. Right. Right. That's a good idea. In fact, you know who could be the first guest on that show with Geldy? I swear. Yeah. They could put Mickey on there too. It would be good. Anyway, so here's another sentence from the Hillary book which is selling like hotcakes. Not with this audience, so I talked about it yesterday. I admitted that actually went out and bought it. See if I didn't go on via it. I couldn't read it sentence by sentence. Your cruel, cruel man. Here's the next. In fact, I'm gonna take my yellow magic marker. Good God. Here's Mike. Well, I already did the cross down to the first three for the sentence. Oh, man. Here's the next sentence. One sentence today keeps the Hillary fans away. I wasn't born a wife or mother. That's the information. That's the material for today. Oh, Hillary. Not like those other people who were. I wasn't born a wife or mother. I think she was born a mother. There are a lot of people who think she was born a mother. This is a matter of fact, the pull result from yesterday and spun the fact that our early pull, if the election were held yesterday, Hillary had 71% in George W. Bush 29%, which shows you how desperate most of us are to get his sorry sad ass out of there. We'll just about anybody in. Even one of those peri dogs that's spread in the Amokipox. When you people out there, they had these amazing things called dogs and cats and peri kids and cockatoo and things like that. I'm just not into people that have all these exotic pets, you know. That's what's starting to monkey boxes people that think that they're getting peri dogs and come to find out they're not even real peri dogs anywhere. Gambian rats. Yeah, Gambian rats. What kind of a pet do you have? Well, I have a Gambian rat. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, I said that. You said that. But he was too busy with some of his corporate clients. They're he's too busy for us, you know? And of course he would just like Carlos have control of the pool. We wouldn't have to interfere with his valuable time up there in Orlando. But he just doesn't want to do that because it's a labor of love. A reluctant labor of love. Anyway, small potatoes 89, lightweight 38 and squishy which was George's choice for Hillary 18. Do who? See, I think when you say squishy it implies like wanting to conjure up the image of putting your arms around any part of her and I don't think most people want to do that. Or she poked her with a stick. Well, that's what she was hoping at Bill might do is pick her with a stick. But probably even hadn't for a long time. Anyway, so there's your take on Hillary and there's your sentence for today from her book. Sarah, just imagine what a few years. Huh? You keep doing that. I'm going to change the station. Probably take about 80 years for me to finish the book going like that. So, me and your boys saw Magnolia finally or at least he claims he saw it. George played something back in a way up. Yeah. Finally did his homework. And like bit a lot. Like did a lot. Wow, see. I don't know what that means because you also like transpiring soon. You didn't even see a third of the movie. You didn't even get to the best due to part. You know something I don't want to get to any duty parts. Okay. I'll be for you to be a pull in the duty stuff. I'm not a duty kind of guy. Okay. Peter Clayton. He's not feeling the question. You should do your duty. No. In fact, I just did a little while ago. Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton's memoir has said a Barnes and Noble sales record for nonfiction books on its first day at on store shelves the company said yesterday. Clinton signed over a thousand copies of her book living history. They promotion invented a Barnes and Noble story midtown Manhattan. The first day to book was on sale Monday. The company said the former the first ladies what has memoir sold more than 40,000 copies in the first 24 hours it was available instantly making it an in-house best seller. Nationwide figures for the book sellers were not immediately available. They paid away $8 million for the appease of crap. And foreign rights to Clinton's book have already been sold over a dozen countries. Clinton's lawyer Robert Barnett said he also expected international sales to be extremely high. And I would suggest this to most of you unless you have your own talk show. You'd probably have to be extremely high to go out and buy it. I only bought it because I felt like I was doing my, like you said, duty. And that's just about how I feel right now. Speaking of bad movies, do not go in the waste your money on my own private Idaho, even if you're professional, if I get don't waste your time on it. Okay. It's another one of those with an unacceptable endiam. And it was okay. I'm not saying it was really great. It was worth watching until you got to like the last two minutes. And then the last two minutes come around there and well, what's what's this? What just happened here? And then they kind of like the camera draws back and you'll like see something of what's going on down there. And what what happened? And then it's just have a nice day. It's like a slap in the face at the end of the movie. Actually, before the final credits, they go from the closing scene and it says, have a nice day and then here come the credits. Yeah. What is that? Credibles, what it is. See, most filmmakers, even the really good ones, they don't know how to end a movie. That's why some movies go on for like a hundred hours, right? Because they just don't know. I mean, this is really great stuff. You know, but how do we end it? How do we wrap it up? It would be like if we got to tour clock every day and we just, we just couldn't stop, you know? Right. By the way, Joe Rose is on again for the man dog today. I asked, I asked, I asked him, I asked him, what's the next month this morning? I said, you know, I'm not that I'm jealous but mad dog has taken this whole concept of mine and the less work and more pay to a ludicrous hype. I mean, he's just never on. He works. One maybe two days a week and that's it because we got a Marlon's game. Or else he's not on again. Joe Rose for the mad dog, the Saffron his comment was, well, he's got a lot of days when he's got other obligations other stuff. Handy. Yeah. So tomorrow, we're going to be busy doing other stuff. We don't know what it is yet. We're going to find some stuff. I will find something. Yeah, we'll find something to do. Like sleep would be good sure So there's the story on Hillary her book is selling like hotcakes and we have no idea why or and I'll say it again I don't think very many men are buying her book straight men You think Fags are buying it? Don't know and that doesn't either now the tubas you get married up here They don't have time for her book the tubas you don't do it and hitched up So anyway, here's the appolder day and I'll let me give you a little background on this even though it's disgusting and growtestkin filthy and nauseating as it is I hold both of you responsible in fact Let me take a look right now since Vener Boy has a sabotaged me on our website Let me take a look at where it says movie picks updated the on the on the on the on the on the See I've only got two recent ones that are in the rest of this by a big space in there. Well, because you made them watch Magnolia And I I fact you a whole additional list yesterday morning right nearly and they're still not on there But I'm looking at I'll see is transporting does it appear on either one of your Shirt of mine. Huh? I'm sure it does on mine Not mine. Oh He infected's the very first one It's right on top of his list What a schmitty list that is I liked it. I thought it was good, but there are better movies in that vein I don't want to see any movie in that vein Okay, see this goes back again to George's neurosis is obsession with ass I'm not the one to put it on his list eating it sniffing it Licking it it was Wasn't a check it out. I don't want to get to graphic here because we believe the crap We say I'm talking about that you're obsessed with ass. Let's face it. You're going on way longer than I ever have See I and an interesting part of all what a hypocrite you are as yesterday I was talking about that scene from rules of attraction or James Whatever it hell this name is Vanderbick. He's like taking a dump which that seems to be the new year now Huh? I don't like poop who stuff. I like train Yeah, he's taking a dump and I mentioned that he kind of like reaches back and you got like oh All squishy and squeamish about that. You should have seen me watching train spotting I'm practically oh Usually the scene me you've never seen anybody reach for remote control as fast as I did it took me to try to get through it as well I might have like looked away That's the idea. I want to talk about it. Yeah, let me do the break-in. I'll try to But try to boost my courage. I'll drop a little answer to something Boost my courage to be able to describe just I don't want to describe in glory detail do not see train spotting because you'll be Bidspotting you'll be a pantaluni spot. I can never see that That's later on. Yeah, get that thing. Oh, thank goodness. I'm not watching it And I started our trying to watch raven is right in the middle of my very I just a little not a big dinner It is the little supper and try to start and try to watch raven as I guess my timing was bad So I get to that one another day, maybe 10 13 at 5 60 WQM all are a lot of people do like delicious meat You know they like to go out and barbecue it on the grill especially in the summer months like between what is it March and the December and South Florida When it's hot or in hell barbecue is glorious the place you find all your good stuff for barbecueing All that good stuff maybe even people and you'll find lots of stuff in this door that you won't find any place else because nobody else has got him This way check out the incredible deal on the three burner barbecue chef at barbecue's floor and exclusive in the store It's only a 199 bucks with 42,000 VTUs A 625 square inch cooking area and built in hood thermometer You can't beat this deal for a liquid propane grill. It'll be the best in the hood or for you traditionalist out there Check out the new beatmaster charcoal grill another barbecue's galore exclusive It's only a 199 bucks with more than 600 square inches of cooking space cast our and cooking grills and adjustable fire great and a full with ash catcher Both of these girls make a perfect gift for dance day two and speaking of fathers day barbecue's galores got a great gift idea Is a crap load a great gift ideas for dad and all price ranges many of them under 50 bucks for you pikers out there Barbecue's lower carries the biggest legs to barbecue's in accessory. They got it all for you They got cans charcoal smokers tailgate supplies and the best part of the deal is it's always at the guaranteed lowest prices in the universe Also be sure why do they're to take advantage of no payment same as cash financing until January of 2004 on a proof credit. They got stores in plantation and university dravid a fountain shopping center and a cruel springs corner sample in rock island roads Everything you're looking for for the summer barbecue in season and all year round you'll find in these two great stores barbecues galore I The Hi, this is Hillary Clinton. I hope when you run out to buy my book you won't be too shocked to discover I have a fat **** swinging under my skirt, but you can't blame Bill he's certainly not gay I just had the credentials every politician needs to be a wife of convenience and it's pretty much ended with that Bill is such a horn dog. He probably would have never noticed I had man legs anyway and Chelsea Well if you buy my book you can meet all about the affair I had with Sandra Bernhardt and our lunch aisle now I wasn't born a Democrat. I switched parties after looking in the mirror and seeing the body of tip O'Neill So by my book now because I can never have enough if you order a copy today I will personally autograph the all mood scratches to fall down 18 at 560 WCW I got this little supper prepared last night a little few strips of bacon some Provaloni cheese, you know, just a snack and I'm sitting there front of my TV and I pop in the movie ravenous Would got pierced First of all, it's a civil war movie Okay, I'm not into civil war movie. I'm not into war movie. Well, I mean WWW one or two might be okay, but civil war I'm not into those kind of movies Like a shoot-a-muck movies, you know cowboy and then you you didn't like all the way in But that that that was a whole different to open as matter fact no, if I were to watch it again I wouldn't like it. I watched it about 100 years ago anyway Well, you let me finish my story about ravenous please, then I'll get to train spotting Jesus So I pop into movie and I'm sitting there and I put the first piece of bacon in my push. I'm chewing on it And very early in the movie here comes the scene where they're sitting down at the table all the soldiers and they're all just Showing I mean not just chewing on his these stakes, but they're just they're going nuts like that's the first meal to about 20 years And guy pierced looks down in the plate and here's this nasty. I mean not just rare, but like raw Stake on a plate with blood and I'll he starts cutting into what now he envisions He's fantasizing that's like a human being and at that point I thought to myself as I'm two and I'm a piece of bacon I think maybe I'll pop this out of there and watch it a little bit later, you know I don't think in the middle of supper is a good time to watch in this flick. Maybe when you're having steak right? Nice rare sure So I thought well everybody's been raven about train spotting and courage me They said it you told me that if I liked their shallow grave because it's by the same director I love train spotting that was Carlos. I didn't say that that was by same director But I said you didn't say that don't try you're the same one as the now you're denying about kids in the gummo and all that other crap Oh, what up thinking yeah So I pop in train spotting. I don't know how many minutes it is in the vet scene that I'm talking about First of all you can't understand the goddamn thing with the scene because they got those heavy Irish and Scottish Well, you can't understand a freaking thing to say and then number two It's a crap movie. I mean you talk about movies that are crap this one is literally crap Seriously, I don't want to get that far. Okay, I'll figure words for it So we get into a scene, you know, of course it's the drugs every movie's got to be about drugs That's all you guys know. Let's see. I'm not gonna take your advice anymore Because since you're both a bunch of druggies I'm not that's the only kind of movies you like is drug movies Not the only kind of life probably way didn't like the ending of magnotias because they didn't have like some gigantic orgy of Brump and acid whatever you know what I like that. Yeah, yeah, he liked it. You're still not getting paid So anyway about five minutes into this movie. This is the lead the yes, he's the lead character and the he's taken a Opium Enema okay, he's got an opium suppository Now that don't bother me. You know, what do you do with an opium suppository? And he did you know he sticks it varied and delicately in his pants and he shoves up his ass and he had been Constipated from all the other drugs. He was doing but now of course once you stick to suppository up there Just like training your puppy, which I keep telling you really works all of a sudden it like to that urge In your pants starts moving, you know, especially though it's all that makes everything open up and come out Are you ready to do we have to hear all the glory details of this the blow by blow Jesus so now he's really And of course I could relate I think it am I so well I can relate to this part you've heard my two denies to raise the one and Oakland The one in Orlando where I had the flood coming out from under the guy dim floor the T room Right, so I've had we've all had those emergencies sometimes you make it sometimes you don't like the time that I was driving home And I just decided let go, you know what what's the point can't hold it no more So I that didn't bother me and he goes He's looking and he's hoping he's fantasizing about a beautiful rest room You know with golden fixtures and really clean and porcelain walls, you know He's described on what he's hoping for but he goes into this dive this bar and he goes back to the T room And it's the filthiest and toilet you've ever seen in your life Now what we got to the part again keep in mind I'm straight in my bacon my cheese Should have eaten them okay and He looks down in the toilet. I mean the whole it looks like this thing hasn't been cleaned about a hundred years Okay, like maybe George Washington let some burp deposits in there Now he finally he doesn't want to do it because but he's just so desperate He's got no choice he doesn't want to put his ass anywhere near that bull and of course it has no seat, you know, of course And of course and he sits down on it and now he's doing his number Which we very graphically can see that he's doing his thing and now Oh, I don't even think I wanted to describe this Now he gets down on his hands in these and I I'm assuming he's looking for the Supposed to right step out. Yeah, and he's looking for his opium Suppository got a lot so now he's I can't describe it. I cannot take this on here To get this everybody's doing okay. He's reaching in the bowl and he's like fishing around Trying to find it like somebody lost like something lost a diamond ring in the ball You maybe now then I could understand how desperate you'd be oh, this is what a $2,000 diamond ring or maybe if someone of those old parts dropped their false teeth in the ball I could understand that happens all the time in South Florida But for a I mean and at that point I reach for the remote and I went plus like that smashed that thing That's then stop it And just ejected that DVD faster than you can say Crack that's what he did to his depository. Oh, man And I'm thinking of myself this is your idea of a great movie you're critiquing and criticizing Magnolia Because you didn't like the ending and you're recommending this movie That huff oh and then before the show this morning he admits to me that this isn't even the worst scene The worst crap scene. Oh, no no no no no no no. Oh, no, it gets better I don't want to see doony movies. Okay, maybe that's Your bag evidently I'm not into that So that's our poll question for today so far. I only got one on there and that's the one I put on yeah What was the grossest sickest most disgusting non-pornal movie of all time? I'm sure we'll get some other suggestions sure train spotting. That's the only I mean very rarely do I make a poll like this There's only one because I I can't think of anything even to come close to it But of course there are a lot of people haven't seen that thank goodness So I'm sure they'll have other suggestions. What was the grossest sickest most disgusting non-pornal movie of all time? Train spotting and I'm sure we'll also have some people saying oh you're wrong Neil If you did just like with it, it's a great movie. Uh, and I've seen enough drug movies in last two weeks. Okay, it's a last-to-life time I mean at this point I'm I'm just praying if I could find a movie that doesn't have Drugs not that I really care that much about it But it just gets a little bit ponderous that doesn't have like all the characters just like obsessed with drugs or any doony see If I could just find one that doesn't even do those I'd say hey here's a great flick Lot this was some of to those on my list that don't have drugs or duty I mean you can only imagine and recommend for a dream for example Let's Sarah with all the drugs that she was taking probably hits and in fact you probably had some conversations with my mother On the phone about how to solve her problems though, but we did at least we'd weren't burden would have and to see that We're experiencing you know Right, seriously this to me that was the most nauseating scene I've ever seen and the fact that you're telling me that you liked it Not because of it, but in spite of it now couldn't get past it. I mean he wasn't just like I know and then there's no delicate way to describe first of all when you looked at the bull even before he sat on it drove me from the room the first time Oh and now he's like doing his search Doesn't he understand that once you insert something like that and your body anyway It's gonna start to melt from your body. He doesn't understand that but he definitely knows all of it Man the pain of addiction the pain of addiction the pain of addicted to criminal week crap So I hope you really enjoy that one. Let's hear stuff. We got some sick people in the audience They'll probably probably out of the way to the store right now to get it train spawning trust me you'll love it 1027 at 560 W to Q amp hey listen fast train cannot be find a real life. Maybe they can't help you find your opium Suppository but they can help you find a real great job and they can get you the training to call fast train today Have yourself fully trained already for a new high-pane computer career in just four short months And like we've been telling you on his show for years now Computer in list are in bigger demand than ever before So if you want to get yourself a real paycheck and a real career here's the deal call one eight six six fast train They've got locations in Miami kindle for Lutter to the on-tempered pines and they offer your job placement assistance Financial convenient day and evening weekend classes No excuse to stay in any dead and crappy job no more because a new career at a big fat one and a paycheck Two is just a phone call and four months away. I wonder if you part of big fat one that bull jump on the fast train today And call fast train toll free 1 866 fast train or check them out of that wicked way about fast train dot com Room Victory strips that great hurdle I broke out and my kids Big with scraps and that's all I could not stop scratch in my papers road Road, where is a die for for my wee wee Grabbing every banana that I see swinging Like a bad food in the trees There's no cure for this new design of disease going 1032 at 560 send your perry dog away for the summertime okay probably not a bad idea here a couple of suggestions on a fax machine Pink flamingo's which I didn't see I'll be voting for that really yeah even more disgusting than grossed and transporting oh Yeah Well here let me put it to you this way what would be grosser than those those the scenes that you saw in trains body Off we actually saw what was inside the apple now grossed in that take it to the limit I don't want to hear about it all right and whatever happened a baby jam which obviously I did see that there was a great movie But again when she picks the lid up off the off the Off the supper tray, you know, huh and there's a dead rat on her plate. I guess that would gross out a few people We're not even close to what I'm saying. I don't think we're ready. We'll ease into whatever you want to tell me about Pink flamingo's a little bit later on so divine 5 670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line rhymes with here's Miami hello Yes, sir. Oh for heaven six Neil Sorry I've been holding for a while and kind of locked it there don't be sorry Transpotting yeah totally bogus lame movie just a series of f-bombs delivered through toothless grins throughout the movie The only the fiber ten minutes that I saw before I just couldn't handle anymore There was nothing but guys shooting up and everybody getting stoned and And this guy taken a crap and then that that was it there's better drug movies than that I don't recall the name of one of them but Jason Patrick and like Jennifer Jason Lee did one where there are a couple of bad cops. Oh God Is that name it? Oh John Rogers runs was it called rush rush? Yeah. Well. I'll tell you what Magnolia was a great movie The movie that completely confused me as to why anyone thought it was decent was Mo Hall and drive So watch the whole thing and I sat there and said this is more of this David Lynch like You know crap where everyone walks away going always a genius He's a whole different level than we do. I saw it but it was I don't know was strange I didn't mind it but it was bizarre Hey, I just got one point for you here about the Hillary thing if I I think she's a bit of every of everything on your poem and You know except for brilliant yeah Ultimately when you look at the situation from two different perspectives one that positive and one that's negative either She didn't know and she was legitimately surprised shocked and an Objective sympathy for all of us That's been right but completely impossible right after all the years of cheating with Jennifer flowers and everything else right then on the alternative She's a liar Or just you know sit there and take the abuse and you have to say to yourself Then she doesn't care she's an ace sexual bitch Oh, it's power hungry at the whole time she had an antivondid over the back Hold it only at least I didn't know at least her nose wasn't growing like Pinocchio like Bubba's was that's it man. Okay. Thanks, Pally Too many drug movies. Okay. Let's give us a rest from that crap See I know that it makes me an old folky in the L.O. Yeah back in the 60s. It was an inn. It was fashionable But I guess I was too much like Tommy Cramer you know I just never went to all right So I'm to I don't even like being around people who are like really heavy into drugs places why stay away from you guys. Yeah, but but see and movies about it I'm unless there's like a story. I mean like you know, right we have this this a great story It's two different great stories And in Magnaudi there's nine different stories and not all of them have to do with drugs necessarily So here at here's a list Uh gross and disgusting pink flamingos with divine desperate living Never seen anybody see it. No, okay Well, it says both John Waters movies. So I'm sure that they both qualify Swap with desperate living because we're desperate to start building a list We can't just have trains budding on here. It says fair Fabulous fun and gross That's just a moan fabulous fun and gross pretty much anything John Waters pre-polliest you're a Okay, so divine walks up to this dog 567.0560. You want to hear about it It wasn't bad enough that your little dog Pete on Carlisves leg last night. That was bad. That was like Bastard yeah little little There's a response to that. Tell me I'm a dog. You're a dog lover, but the response to that is you kick it in the head Not real hard not hard nothing injured, but you know, we're kicking the head. So we just went for a kick my heart Not to make sure it never does it again What a scene. I mean, it would have been a kind of dog that I really like, but it's a palm ring and so you're kicking the head Brained new jeans. He was so good. He could be a little closer to the piece of crap thanking him for you know being a part of that big rescue big exciting rescue and Thank you, but it's in his own special way something warm warm running down my leg Yo, what the hell and of course it looks like I pissed in my pants Isn't that what the guy in the train's potting said that was his problem is something warm running down his leg Someone who's Carlos that was a hate that you've earned on the prettier pants How to say yeah, but it's not mine There are fewer things worse than when you have that episode like I had in the car that time and then you get home you get into the garage And you have to get out of the car and stand up, you know, oh, oh no Hi suggestion is if you ever have that happening, be sure to take off your shoes first before you do that before you stand up Five six seven see like it for example Amsterdam everywhere you're walkers dog crap all over the street It's just the part of the ambiance of the whole city nice and I seriously it fits right in everything stinks But is it my philosophy is if you ever seen because there are cheap people out there Or people are hard up for cash and they'll step in dog crap and then they'll try to clean off the shoes guess what Bad move because you can scour you can wash you can write you can take one of those little picks and pick For you can pick it's until the cows come home and it's never gonna be the same It's always gonna have that aroma You know if you if you hit it with the hose like right instantly and like if you're sitting on a bus or on a subway Somewhere where to have public transportation and you like cross your legs You got the newspaper and you're sure is like you're facing head up, you know, yeah forget about it and somebody starts like like looking around like what what did I step in what's going on in here You're never gonna get rid of it 560 pound 560 on the 18 and 10 Verizon line here's Hollywood. Hello Hollywood Okay, sir. Listen I want in the In the early 70s that was about seven or eight years old and my parents used to go out on Saturday night and leave my oldest brother home to babysit Me and it was one Saturday night His high school buddies had come over and they said listen we want to go to the movies They've pinged flamingos and he said now and I can't go after watch my little brother anyway They decided to take me along. They snuck me into the movie theater And I think I was about seven or eight years old and there was smoke and pot and we were eating popcorn and candy and so on and so forth And there's a thing that the windows at the end of the movie were dividing down picks up dog poop and eat it But Hollywood when she does that I throw up and poop my pants in the movie theater I Can remember it's the funniest emotes disgusting thing that really has ever happened in my life So I thought that would be a nice way to ease an discussion of thing flamingos. Yeah, I'm that's a beautiful way to ease right into it I'm fine. Thanks for the good news. Okay. Go watch it off Man, are we full of crap today or what and of course it wasn't fake because I Don't want to hear about whether it was real or was my please we go we're at this point when you're on a loan Okay, when you want to get canned this summer You go right ahead and go into a lengthy discussion of this. But nice knowing you know, thanks talk about Exchratory activity. I mean even this last guy. Why do we have to hear quite so graphic you know What is kind like between breakfasts and lunchtime like that in between time probably Eric's in the middle of one of his branches now Probably getting a suining from all these conversations 5 670 560 pound 50 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I think he's probably got me beat already You want a good thing is that most of us haven't seen play a pink flamingos. Thank God if I can make some ecurious Yeah, I got to reach down here get my 6,000. Oh, that they By the one with the bones, you know, I never would have watched the John Waters movie just on my own Someone there's a big fan Phoenix Pink jungle Pink Floyd pink flamingos two bones Divine the dainty 300 pound transvestite face of the biggest challenge of his slash her career when he slash She competes for the title of world's filthiest person tasteless crude and his steracle film This one heard waters his title is Prince of Puk If there were any doubts about this honor or divine's wreck watched you to the end the kids divine chewing There you go real dog experiment all at the time wearing you know what after Oh, I you know what what eating granny. I'm eating granny That cute that's what it says about it might 2000 pound book the heroin one 1042 18 to 11 at 560 WQ a M let me tell you now a fat is your problem and boy So many of us are gigantic maybe not as big as divine a royal rule steam but big you want to lose the weight You've tried the acorns you've tried the great fruit died you've tried the weight watches You've tried them all and you're still fantasizing how in your frustrated and depressed Tride balance for life because it's easy you don't have to count calories or carbs We're doing a shopping in the story and we've not to leave the house I have to do is go to the door and reach over your big fan ass and pick up your little black sack every morning They deliver it right here door by 6 an a.m You fill out a menu every week you have two choices for each meal That's the only choice you have to make cause in your black sack There are three delicious gourmet meals everything fresh and really great and two delicious snacks We get five feedings for the entire day plenty of good food to keep you happy and satisfied and full throughout the entire day while the weight pours off your body Cause this is all scientifically balanced on based on the zone diet So if you're sick and tired of being fat and lethargic out of shape diet beddick If you feel like you want to lay in the corner while the time because you have no energy if you have closer like pup tints Here's the answer for your balance for life. Might be the answer you've been looking for for a long time Call them today and get started loser right away call 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 or check them out of the web If you like it balance for life.com This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station How you know from house to house and on the left there Uh-huh To validate the spin of all those wife house But if you still need convincing to him Like so see and it For the So lie in front Oh He fallen such fifth But you know they hit on our father Eight never had them in me Ten forty seven and five sixty nobody QM we got eight minute open lines five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T Verizon wireless flight we can start adding to that list on there I know we don't want to interrupt there too much of being your boy, but we you know just having a one-name on there probably got to cut it Since the pole isn't even up in follow on saying We got train spotting pink flamingos whatever happened a baby gene and desperate living lead grossest sickest most disgusting non-porno movie of all time We're asking speak of disgusting and gross After turning television inside out with his confrontation off and shocking comedy sketches time grain is turning into a far more traditional genre the hour long late night talk show Did you see this? But your psychic powers prevail again. I just hold a facts about Tom Green right off the fact special. I'll be doing while you started reading that the new time Green show Well, there week night starting in midnight on June 23rd on MTV then it worked at first aired his self-title Canadian TV series in the US in 1990s We were captivated by Tom when we first saw him on his Canadian show John Miller MTV's executive as president of series of open animation said Monday The talk show with a twist is what time does best ever said to be working with him again. Yeah, there you go Says he's jumping in when already crowded field at young late night talk show host at a club comedian Jimmy Kimmel and ABC MTV's own obnoxious Carson daily on NBC that was show on compete with babies which years at one 13 a.m. not late enough I think that the Carson daily if he must be on it all he showed should be on just about the 10 that Mo is getting out of the sack 567.0560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's Miami lakes. Hello Hello, yes, sir. Hi, good morning. I think I think I think I think one of the most grossest. I mean I just think after seeing this movie in the theater I saw people getting up running out getting sick was the exercises. Yeah, yeah, that may be You're right. No, I saw a lot of kids. They were mostly young crowd for a lot of day when I saw that one was the theaters And you're right. There were kids actually puking their guts out. Yeah, so that made that top to list. Okay, thanks I guess those kids just hadn't been exposed to a lot of peace soup during your lives They probably never lived in how Holland or visited. Oh, that's a national dish is peace soup It's just by the food. They're so bad And maybe that explains why the people look so bad and malnourished Let's say prairie dog greetings from Madison with consensus this fact. Let's be sure we don't enter it my co-workers think I have terrible games Probably they're right. Freddie got fingered the grossest movie ever see Tom Green And you're right. I did my circuit powers kicked in again because I had that story sitting here for like you know two hours Freddie got fingered the big box office smash Yeah, Tom Green since he left that the Canadian show his original comedy your Canadian comedy channel Right, it's it never been the same again because American TV did to him what they do just about everybody else They make them a lot less talented and a lot less funny Because I brought you those tapes long ago. Remember the guy used to send me those right a panic Right, he was hysterical to show it make you like pee in your pants or maybe I'm gonna say the lies But MTV just made him into a guy that was pretty predictable not very funny and Nobody talks about him anymore including you very more All the way does have one lovely nut Here's the fact that you see Madonna just signed a contract two commercials with a gant Think about the amount of possible jokes that could lead you just start with the teeth and move south So the last days of Elvis they claimed Elvis didn't take a cramp for months before he died because he was so hopped up on mids Elvis cooled far Paul suggestion about Schmidt Kathy Bates gets naked what could be worse The vouchmett is that for serious was that a joke. Oh, I don't know never saw it never saw it PS I was surfing your sight last night's couple across possibly the funniest phone call ever named a bridge tender I invite everyone listen to this clip classic maybe you could play it. Thanks. No, we can't but thank you Do you know that people like that book of rich tender Jordan? Oh, yeah, really? Yeah, let's get that pull up there. Let's start getting this thing on a road here, Eric. Okay. Let's get the show on a road here It's almost a little bit of clock already for crying out loud. Okay. I have to I want to play bush boss here, anything I just get the feeling like certain people are like in slow mo. You know what I mean slow mo You see in slow mo Look for the QM fan today new to one at the apiece a lot the northeast corner of sunrise and uphill and plantation Stop by to pick up tickets to upcoming Marlins home game and register when a free large cheese pizza New to one at the pizza loft in plantation And then also the scepton on later on to enjoy George Miguel Boca Brian beiner boy And then I leave anybody out now for happy our five to seven a treasure island located off the palm I don't just north of 122nd Street exit stop by to win prizes and check out this week's feature Tara wild And from what we're here and she is wild yeah, and they can and they can and Actually it doesn't have a penis 567 056 the pound five 60 on the AT and T and Verizon world of slime that pull us still down you know Carlos Here's for a lot of deal hello Deal yes sir good morning good morning You ever listen to NPR radio at all now never now well two weeks ago never it was there was a folks singer introduced in the sanga song and He dedicated it to your favorite friend Ashcroft and in the When you ask about was about to give a speech he noticed that the hide him there was a statue of the lady You know with the scales You ever breast was exiled in this right and he wouldn't speak until it was covered right and That he covered it up and he proceeded to talk and you already into that at least they will gonna get to see one both This he got from NPR folks Now you want to stay a while. I don't listen to NPR. So what's the next line in that Hillary book? No, you only get one a day. Oh, no, that's it. I already put it away. Okay, I already used my little real action marker and it's an exit Oh Here's a list look at this zombie should we put all these under my as well I can't wear I'm making any progress on this poll today and I'm sure that there must be lots of really disgusting gross movies Some that were so nauseating that you actually got up and walked out or if you're watching on DVD like I would our video tape just shut it right off I can't be the possibly be the only person and believe me. I'm not a goody two shoes. I'm not easily grossed out It takes an awful lot violence don't bother me, but When it comes to that's why I draw the line. Okay, right at the top of the bowl That's why I draw the line. I have a pretty good idea what it looks like. I've seen plenty of it I've deposited plenty of it in my life. Believe you me, but I don't want to like see it I don't want to know from it. I sure it's not a lot of people like Fish and around it and I definitely don't want to find out about people like having like a little snack in order to say oh god Oh, well, that's what you talking about pink flamingo. Yeah, I wasn't ready for that Okay splash done you as you having breakfast Because you could watch the end of face party now is parents already gone to all the half of the college world series Because if he's in the building which I doubt but he was no building I'd remind him to make sure you don't get paid again on the 25 Here's a fast from Peter and mommy beaches. I don't know if it's considered a movie, but there was a series of videos called faces of death Yeah faces of death would be good parts one through a hundred we don't have to put like which part faces of death I'm glad he reminds us of that because that you got to be really sick And I'm sure that both the clearance I'm both Carlos and George of Cnoz never seen one minute at any one of them really really It's a proud I'm really proud you that I would have thought that I really did generate like you would have watched Could have watched it for free people brothered over I said no, no, you don't put that in my VCR. Don't want to see people getting off Okay, and I'm over fake violence. I know if it's right the story. That's one thing It says they showed some real gross stuff. They showed a boy getting circumcised women having an abortion people missing limbs Torture all kinds of six stuff. Oh, you're not in the 80s maybe we can find it in your bone book thanks Peter That's what I'm hiding about Faces of death part. It's fact they were some of the biggest sellers of all time To show you how many sick backyards we got out there people don't want to see other people getting murdered getting killed That's lovely. It's a beautiful thing 1056. Allow is far the dismembering and things like that. I guess it depends on who the victim is oh Yeah You know what I'm saying no way I guess at all the pants and who the person is who's you know having his head chopped off or whatever And can stop 5605056 the palm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line speaking of really bad embarrassing hairpieces You know when a man's considering hair replacement is greatest concern is how natural it's gonna look Will other people be able to tell will they laugh at you? You can always spot a bad hair system believe me. But how many good ones go on the tech because it looks for real Charles off your redesign and supplied hair system to show business celebrities for more than 35 years and is a pair Does it guess done good morning America? Be today show on CBS morning news and producing his pet in the hair system that offers you the most amazing Natural hairline system available in anywhere is and right now Charlie's offering you some special hair system For only 549 bucks for the first time customers and if you're already heavy hair system You can save yourself 50% on service and repair of all types of hair systems of pulling shampoo and trim He'll make that muskrad look really lively and Remember Sarah maybe she should have gone to Charlie instead of getting that orange dye It's the perfect opportunity to give Charlie a try Charles Alfie here as guarantee is this if you try one of his hair systems for 30 days Don't absolutely love the way it looks and feels and smells you return for a full refund no questions Acts Chuck Alfie are either benchmarking the industry can have to improve your looking confidence Make you look a lot better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again Say goodbye to your bald spot forever call Charles Alfie or change your life forever 1-800-3-2124-13 1-800-3-2124-13 or log out of his prestigious website Charlesoffie are e.com My Where you fudge back tonight on every channel on television It's the new reality show you've seen a million times it's several money hungry girls and one boring guy Hi there several money hungry girls and one boring guy featuring super hot bait if you switch your eyes competing for one extremely rich and Expressionally delguined Why don't you come in the hot cell with us? Yeah, I'd rather sit here and be extremely rich and Expressionally dull which money hungry girl with a one boring guy choose to enter into a relationship that could potentially last upwards of two days before they get sick of each other I really think that you're the perfect man for our future kids to spend alternating weekends Don't try changing the station. It's a Retail several money hungry girls and one boring guy. It's the very best thing that TV programmers can come up with 111560 WQM happy Wednesday 2. Don't forget it's our big Wednesday one to two hour coming up today Here's the fact that says by the way, this is a defining moment in history of our show today, which will find out why in just a second or two Think about things to do in Denver when you're dead See that? Yeah, yeah, it's it's It's some disgusting crap in it. Oh, good. Let's get that on there right away. Thanks to do It's not a bad little. Okay, Andy Garcia Christopher walk and treat William Steve Buschini Christopher Lloyd It's a we're talking fecal either urine recycling and leprosy Oh boy, you're seen in this movie where George is a little pomeranian piece on Carlos's leg Things to do in Denver when you're dead put that on there, okay? Now when I say and also here's a fact from Jeff and Latter to Hill who says what about the movie ravenous? Yeah, that's the one I popped in their first last night right in the middle of my supper And after about five minutes took that baby right out of there too lots of blood and gourmet meat gag several times Says I may not be watching a rest of that, you know See I don't want to watch a movie just to be grossed out unless there's some good reason for it You follow him saying otherwise the axis you could be grossed out by the axis system. I mean, you know if you're that uptight about peace soup Right little girl. I've tied about the crucifix scene or whatever it is that gets you nauseous Like when she mugs the peace soup all over father, Meron's you know, he's what do you call that thing? That's Martha there you go. Yeah, the smatter around his neck is caskock is nothing called Sorry, well, what you laughing about you're supposed to be a catlik boy Okay, just because you turned your back on the church doesn't mean you forget you never forget I was in the brain washing job, but anyway, so speaking of what I was talking about as far as a turning point in his real-life show See this I'm just really discovering right now how We're slowed down by this Multi-step process we have to do the pull every day which really is a drag on his show We've got some enormous momentum going now, you know We got mode jammed in there and we hours of the morning where everybody's asleep and he's busy trying to suck for all's ass Which ain't gonna work and then we got like a real lead in now from eight until ten the US open starts tomorrow and fired up about that See there you go. That's pretty exciting We got a real lead in a real guy in there from eight to ten who actually likes to show when they're talks about this and this a little bit of across over even But the pull problem is that it's very frustrating to me to like you know keep going through this thing What's the reason for this if Carlos Henry the ability to keep adding to the pull we wouldn't have this multi-stage process And we wouldn't want to have to bother anybody who's busy with all those very busy corporate accounts Right Yeah, I Mean how long would it take to add these you know as we go as opposed to see why should something that's a one-step process have to be like take ten steps Follow what I'm saying. I'm sure you do Yeah, I'm starting to get very frustrating to me because for the longest damn time I'm sitting here in the pole is even up there yet and I'm watching train spotting what I'm the one that said trains But I'm gonna first guide them place and these people are kind of at a list here of who we have the excess of stonary yet Do we have Freddie got fingered faces of dead parts one through 100 ravenous Things to do in our Orlando when you're dead. I mean in Denver So what do you say? I want I want that happening as soon as possible. I'll talk to Eric. No, you don't talk to Eric tell Eric This is the way we're gonna do it. Okay tell Eric since I will not communicate with him Because he does it as a labor of love. I think it's basically a labor of hogaries. What it is paranoia terror that Carlos Monarchs, maybe since you're doing all the work on the website anyway What's the problem? He still gets the benefit from it up there sitting on his fat ass? Let's get this thing going the way it's supposed to work for us not the way it works for him in between all of this other very important The clients follow up not that I want to get pissed off on the air here again with the Eric, but I am Because it's frustrating you see here This is supposed to be like the meat and potatoes the bread and the butter they heart and the soul the ying and the yang Of our show it with the pulls and a website and the whole thing which we get in this enormous response from not like we used to get when we had that dead as horseball website That was an embarrassment. They used to talk about how kneels got 75 years left that is contract and something else. You know horrible stuff And I'm you know, there's just a certain amount of jealousy because as we've discussed before one year the computer nerds are like Very very a paranoid about each other there hysterical Yeah, we also is afraid that you're gonna get all the credit which I don't know why I asked the way about that because you get it anyway now because you don't know what's doing anything on that Oh, I think that back he's doing something on he's holding us back He's impeding our progress I could mention one of these you could have it on there immediately for example. Here's this list the zombie Hannibal evil dead bed taste Eyes zombie a chronicle of pain Denalive the fly and crippled Here's a fact that said now how we're gonna do this? Cuz George has got this fact so you like gonna pass these all along or they've already been passed along to Eric Forget about Eric. Erick. It's not to do a change in a pull anymore. Okay. That's your job responsibility now I Just made it official. I just announced it to the world Yeah, that's right is just messy now you got the power George wave is a little magic wand How do you know it's little I heard Motulming damn it 21 votes the most disgusting grosser vulgar movie non-porno ever made was pink flamingo seven train spotting seven Desperate living two whatever happened to maybe Jane a pair Hannibal one Eyes zombie a chronicle of pain faces of death have one also at least some of those did get on there. That's good. Who did that? Well, I had sent them up a while ago so I guess I got another zero cut those on and I tell you's doing a hell of a job Hey Eric let Carlos handle the poll. Okay, and quit being such a hard ass. Good being such a prick quit being such a paranoid computer nerd We appreciate all your efforts in the past But at the meantime just sit back and to take the credit and let those some other funky do all the work Here's the fact that says from Mike from Hylia. I recently turned my I want to say I've recently turned my boss on the Eisner bitch. She loves the most her birthday last Friday Can you please play the one where Mike Mickey keeps insisting fire him fire him or any other Mickey bit to that matter Thanks, please don't ever retire keep hammering moan nothing like a good radio soap puppet It's not a soap opera. See my car hey the break to lose you. It is not a soap opera We all despise him like poison. He's everything we've said and in some PS micro and end is a bag of doosh. Okay. There you go Got it What I'll play that in the one to two hour when we play our bits here. You'll have to be listening for a while paling five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T and for rising world of slime pink flamingo 12 transporting seven out of the poll is finally up there and we're finally starting to make a little bit of progress a little bit later Then we should have follow what I'm saying Exactly 560 pound five sixty on the AT and Verizon line for Lauderdale hello Lame on one is a racer head. It was a 20s art movies from the 80s. This is about the future after the after nuclear We're blood coming out of out of people's food and all sorts of me loving around and the other one is a classic I'm moving dead Okay, that's it. Thanks. Thank you got that Carlos those honor yet You I think a bit or two. Well, okay get him on there right now. I want to see some action. Yeah. Let's speed this thing up a little bit. Okay There you go If you guys can't get this great now, we'll have to get Sarah on a case, all right? So you'll have to hold that then kitchen clean the floor scrub the walls a suck clean and you also have to stuff on a website You can pop another purple pill Your racer head and I did a living dead I haven't seen most of these and I'm delighted we're making this list because she probably there would be those people who would say Oh, yeah, you're gonna add a racer head. You're list of movies to see no no no if you see racer head You will want you'll hate your TV and you'll want to break it really yeah that good, huh? Oh, yeah 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T. I mean there is this group of people out there who want to be grossed out That's a righty of entertainment is seeing the grosser the better. That's not my bag. Okay If you want to look into most bag go right ahead You won't be a pretty picture. Believe me bag of tricks is bag of tricks Here's Holly would hello So, yes How are you okay? I quite spoke to you the other day. Yeah, I know call me again a couple of weeks. See this guy now this is you know what this reminds me of a Tlector guy with a rocking chair Do you see the similarity? Yeah now this is a guy that nobody else will put on because he's got the voice box thing You know, he's got an artificial and I have no problem with that Understand and he still has some stuff to say but I put them on the other day and he thanks me for talking to him putting him on now He's coming back again, you know We don't want chronic regulators on the show. So we're gonna especially chronic regulators who've got you know are like a little hard to take the voice That's story is and I don't find this funny it up. See what I'm saying No, we got enough voice problems on QAM already We don't want to like aggravated. We don't want to exacerbate it We don't want like to add to it. We don't want to contribute to the hearing problems a software we already got enough deaf people running around 567.0560 pound pie pink flamingo's 18 Wow, I'm surprised we got 18 people who seen it Transpiring seven faces of death any year all seven the excesses three everybody all small potatoes so far The grossest sickest most disgusting non-pronormal be of all time Things to do in Denver when you dead sons like maybe a weener like it's gonna be in there Could be also dead animals Dead animals rotting Dead rotting animals. Yep, like maybe like a little pomeranian I wish for a lot of delho Yes, sir good evening Oh As far I'm like you a gourd doesn't really bother me as far as disgusting and mute movies But I'll tell you what does bother me if you remember the fat ass scene and stand by me I remember Yeah, that was just got that was first Yeah, that was the worst that was the worst I mean I mean I saw stand by me a couple of times, but I remember the fan asking Were there sitting around make to be fire their own stories about the blue bear eating contest the blueberry Eye contest. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Reaction and I'd like to send that happy birthday out to my father and introduce me to your show about 15 years ago Then listen and ever since Including more hours You're been busy lately, you know, so stand by me. It certainly wouldn't have been one. I would have put on there, but you're right But it was only one scene right as opposed to something out and keep in mind I only saw the first few minutes of brainstorm So I can only begin to imagine all of all trying to not to What fell arrest of it was all about because you told me that there was worst stuff The worst scene Yeah, not more Opium suppositories no worse 11 13 at five 60 WQM. I think that this tag here is proud when I was probably right because father's days coming up to Sunday, right? Okay, I don't want to start jumping on Troy's case because you've come in and correct that awful copy from yesterday Trial performance having like their little bit life challenge lately There have a little bit of a problem these days anyway. I'll tell you people that aren't having any problem brand issues in pampero beach That's why they've been around so long. This is their 25th year in business in South Florida I've taken good care of you and your feet and they are free with an unbeatable selection of the top men's Women's brand like rock ports and echoes and a fist those in timelins of Clarkson S.A.S. and floor shine and lots more and no matter how big and wide and disgusting your feet may be or a little teeny tiny and narrow and Dinty they got them all they got men's size of six to 15 women's five to 12 and wits from very very narrow to the very very wide Can you imagine how big and wide Janet Reno's feet must be good? And don't forget the professional sales staff knows their Your feet inside and I think I can even identify it by the smell of your feet, which is what we call real personal service With over 40,000 parents stock in their 8,000 square foot mega store you can bet George and Carlos's life on it That whatever you're looking for they got it in your size in a box on a shelf right now ready to stick on your feet Brandy's a great place to take your feet through a 1290 North federal highway in Pompano Beach Open daily nine to nine Sundays 10 to five and it's still a great time to shop for fathers day this week at Brandy's Spiries men aos are only 48 90 and rock port world tours only 69 90 so stop by Brandy's in Pompano or check them out of their website Do we ever get this right out about their website at brandy'suos.com Darren is luck until a twist of fate endowing with all the powers of amma It's the feel good hit of the summer. I'm Ed all mighty All are be praised. I mean I be praised I can do anything it's funny. I woke up this morning and I swear I'm who's thou figure Who now cover them up or face the wrath of me The director of infidel liar infidel liar comes a movie that will have you bowing seven times a day towards the box office It's up mad all mighty He I'm not your neglect mama you can ask of a movie comedy People have you I had all mighty now fly We theater near you so if you're gonna have you dog do something evil to somebody It is kind of payback when I brought tiny and I would do that time member Repentment positive for Andy Calz who is a play do the flea step right now I's gone Andy do the flea step right on the old I forgot that that was a great great day. It was a great moment. I was one of tiny highlights When go to my I sure missed that dog oh Anyway here Here's Lisa Miami says how about progressist movie. I spit on your grave George is waiting for the sequel. I Schmidt on your graves since that seems to be the direction of this whole show today It's about a woman who was gang raped and then she takes revenge on a retakers by killing each one in a very grotesque manner Don't know if you have it on your list, but it's pretty gross by his Lisa Thanks, Lisa and bye bye Now I think it just came from like out in outer space somewhere We got that on there yet Carlos. I saw that movie. He's putting it on there to I spit on your grave Who's putting it on there? Well, someone is Hey listen, I'm not taking over answer on this one There is no reason in the world why Carlos can't have control over this pool every day There's no reason why we have to be slowed down because somebody's got a bad attitude and a big fat ego, okay Underlined a big fat part We don't have time to stand by the side of the road waiting for a semi to catch up with us, okay Follow what I'm saying. Oh good get with it The most disgusting grosser vulgar movie you've ever seen pink flamingo 25 faces of death any year all 20 Transpotting eight transpotting was up there early and I was been left into behind Kind of like that Suppository the excesses seven Hannibal five Freddie got fingered for whatever happened to baby Jane three the flies got a well everything else a small small small potatoes so far Like Hillary small potatoes See that's another example yesterday it took so long to get that small potatoes on there Which wound up with 98 votes follow my catch my drift see where I'm going with this? What yeah you don't don't start like trying to like weze a lot of this You know exactly what I'm talking about we're on frustrated with this crap for a long time and today's the day I draw that line in the sand Allen facts is and says Two movies I haven't heard mentioned that are worth seeing. I don't think this has to do with what we're talking about today You know Taxi zoom class And versus burning Which none of this has anything to do with what we're talking about but not allowed Allen just recommending The first movie in German with English subtitles features life of a gay elementary school teacher who goes through life Or afraid to come out of her closet. Oh, what a shock Included is the obligatory indiscriminate public restroom sexual encounters and a denue mom the class Halloween party The second movie deals with a voting phenomenon on both our must see movies. I don't you think I'd love to see it Will be about the voting phenomena? Oh, I need to I was just dancing up a storm in the Ethereum just before to show this one how alter you get to learn how Government changes mind on gay employee events speaking of things gay Attorney General John Ascroft will allow Gainless being justice department employees to hold an annual gathering after all at the agency And quarters if they put the bill a move critics said Tuesday was a clumsy reversal of a previous embarrassing decision Officials with the group DOJ pride said last week they were told he word ceremony could not be held in the agencies great all Next Wednesday, but agency spokesman Mark Corral said the intention was not to black the group from holding the event Wanted to make it clear, but not be officially sponsored by the department which means the groups members must pay for any cost themselves y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all So there you go. He's covered up statues. He's trying to keep the thanks out of the a hall room there Are the banquet room whatever they're ever gonna hold their balls pathetic just sad tragic tragic this is what's going on in America and one of these people doing they're watching movies like train train spot and we guys reaching in in Torlons no one or he's reaching in in Torlon all he's one of them birds you're not Right, well the kind of die that those people lead all is another fact can you only begin to imagine bangers and match spotted Richard thick Toad in the hole five six seven oh five six deep you and I've told it this before in its a true story up on now What else read is it well somewhere downtown There's a restaurant here in town or a pub called the spotted dick in Toronto If I'm six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line And we're gonna get that we're gonna have that the poll every day just hopping it's gonna be smoking The new things are gonna pop on here so fast you won't even be able to keep track of them Here's Miami hello Take the damn Fixed out the space for your computer to get the work that you've got parking good What down I don't know it's not important what he said. I don't know What did he say you don't have to get porcupine? Yeah, don't get porcupine with the Eric 5 670 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line 29 votes for faces of death any year all See I'll see there's a problem with this though because people might think the suit I'm saying gross sick and disgusting But they enjoy gross sick and disgusting photo what I'm saying right as Supposed like me being grossed out by transporting I would watch the rest of that if you paid me by the second Wouldn't watch it So there's another tape. I'm fact. I'm fast developing a collection of DVDs near the room Right, uh, right. I like this to come in the toilet. I mean, I know about the drug dealers who smuggled a stuff in an Plastic bags and then they like went and crap it out, you know well, but at least there's some some ration out for that But he's got an opium Suppository I didn't really understand that I mean if it works there he was withdraw he was having withdraws That was an emergency situation in order to stop being sick He was gonna take that just because he could find nothing else And opium poppy it'll it'll kill with the withdraws. Can you just dissolve it under your tongue or something? Opium will kill poppy I poppy See that now you're beginning to understand the audience is beginning to finally catch the drift for this Why it is that you have such great expertise in this because I'm always talking about George being the drug dealer George is he's out of business. I mean he closed his shop a long time ago since that second baby was born So that's where he had to bring Carlos in because he met him during a wild drug dealer right there in the street corner over there at the Ivory in 441. I've just read a lot of books. Yeah sure seen a lot of movies 567.0560 in pet Carlos is having a summer special going on now Hey guys if you're looking for a great place to have a good time then you've got to check out Treasure Island I'll be there today from 5 to 7 along with Boca Brian Miguel and Beener Boy Maybe he's growing drink specials and giving away some crappy prizes this week's features Tara Wilde and she'll be there performing all this week And while we're there you've seen her magazine's and adult films now come by and see her in the flesh at Treasure Island Remember every Tuesday is two for one on all and highs or bush products from 4 till 8 treasure island is up in seven days from noon till 5 a.m Located right off the Palmello north of 120 second street their multi stage layout means you get a great view from anywhere in the club You can enjoy great food made fresh by their gourmet chefs and don't forget about the free daily lunch buffet You can shoot a game of pool or watch your favorite sporting events on one of their huge satellite TV screens This Saturday at 10 it's heavyweight championship boxing for more info log on at treasure island.com or call them at 305 558 2221 for all the details Don't forget to stop by today from 5 to 7 for another WQA and happy are parting with all of us and adult star Tara Wilde Treasure Island just off the Palmello north of 120 second street we'll see you there Hello I Yes, mouse oh Mr. mouse good morning. I'm not good. I know you're not feeling well, sir. I'm watching the Palmello vision the ABC 50 year reunion special. Oh, what an amazing special. What a night to remember yeah, I'd like to remember for you How many times were you on camera? I Conn it 75 Really it was all about you you make well, maniac you've only done with a company. I'll log 10 years or whatever and you're running it into the toilet What did you think of my speech sir? I thought I was terrible You're awful why did not give the speech? Well, sir since I am the president CEO of the company I thought you're an idiot Well, we did have some major talent. I mean we've jumped a bolt a tim Allen Oh, luncha It's not ever second. So I'm for second. Oh, is that no one it's just help you're saying about tim Allen that better not be remixed? No, no, no, no, no, I call in six today. Oh, that's my big ears It's remixes No, no, sir, so you were saying tim Allen I am on it's every but yeah, yes, sir. I'm on a phone Remix great bream is pretty stop peppers. Oh, boss What you say What you call him What do you mean who's this? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha How you doing move I told you, you calmize their boss, who's your boss who's your boss you may boss Aviabos your bossignubong you might multi four Remix Yeah while I was here today you called in six I'm thinking from last time you know like siblings done I'm a SWB Long time yea Can you work here? Remix I don't tons of things for you I paid for your rehab, didn't I? I'm a mean adult to you about that, Mom. I'm not your op-a-quack, Remus. I need a little reflection, Mom. Okay, I want Remus. I'm almost done here, Mom. What are you doing over there? What meant to go to you? I'll jump, Kooze. It's a view, Mom. I'll put the Macromaniac on. Hold on. Are you, is it, Sir? I'll jump, Kooze. Well, it's been very stressful these days, you know, but the false schedule and everything getting ready, I've been very stressed. You don't need it, you're cozy and you're office? You're terrible! What stress? Okay, Remus, Remus, Remus, Remus. Why do we have to Malm? Well, Tim Malm, a major star for the company. I think you're a star. He hasn't even had a show for years. I mean, sure. First of was funny, all the neighbor of the mansion. You couldn't see his face and Tim Malm, maybe it'll always prove. Hmm? The chronic noises, but come on. Well, he is Santa Claus. I mean, two hits here, come on, move me. What? What? Fire, fire, fire, fire, fire, fire, fire, fire, fire. I'm trying to tell him. But I can't speak. Fire, Tim. Tell Remus, it's over. I'm talking to him. Er, go, go, go, go, go. Remus, Mr. Malm is stalking you. He's funny, sir. I'm no doctor. I can't even read. Not doctor, stalking. Forget it. I'm telling losers. I'm 34. There's no way in Legosi, by the way. Beiner boy. Sorry. I'm glad that you finally got the rest of my list. The movies up there on our website. That's good. That's a good start. But Legosi, if you were to spell that the way I did, like in the thing I've fanged it, it would have been right. L-U-G-O-S-I. I just, I don't want a nitpick. But I will anyway. All of the goodest explosions in Gaza, parent is really rocket attack. What a surprise, Arquise Shock. The Washington's live pictures from Gaza, the scene of the assassination attempt. At this point, there is no word on the condition of this Hamas leader, Tsucho Masu. Rall, there you go. Arquise Shock by the? And the smaded. How's the road, my f' comin'? Anyway, here's the fact from DJ Valentine, who's obsessed with his programs. His natural born killers was gross enough to have people walk out. Are we that unlisted? Robert Donnie Jr. was in it. Well, that would do it for me. Just when I saw the opening credits I'd walk out. If I saw that name. About Schmidt, Schmidt was Jack Nicholson's character's name. Kathy Bates does get naked. It says I didn't walk out of the theater I ran. Kathy Bates gets naked. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. I'm related to your pull, but I recommend way of the gun. Well, let's see. I got done. I went the other room. I'm very into break and I got me here. Here it is. Here's where the gun with the Ryan Philippe and James Khan. And beneath you they'll throw. And Imama Tambien. What is on him with that movie? Imama Tomama Tambien. Is that it? Right. And you keep telling me I should see that. What is it about? I don't keep telling you that. Boy, you. I had told you that again this morning. What a hell of liar. I think I heard of. I've never seen that. I've never seen it. Why you keep doing it? When the girl came in this studio and he said something to me about your Mama. And then what he said, your Mama. And I said, he two mama team with two mama Tambien. Maybe he said that. No, you said it. Maybe he said you should see your mama. No, you should see my mama. And I said, no thanks. I got him a problem's my own. Hey, I saw gaslight. Anyway, here's a sexy piece. Now, this is great. DJ Valentine must be second guess because I'm trying to pick which will be I'm going to watch later today. Okay. Because by the end of this year, I'm going to have watched every movie that's ever been made. Then I'm going to show you people a thing or two. See? Because right now, it's like, wow, he hasn't. And I admit it. I've never been a movie buff like most people are like a lot of people have. But now I'm making up for lost time while I'm still breathing. You know, I would show him to much time left. But I figure if I watch a whole bunch of movies every day for the rest of the year. Not 30 minutes. 30 a day, then like by the end of the year, I'll have seen every movie that's ever been made. When you say, right? So he says, sexy beast is good. Ben Kingsley is as it is the big ben Kingsley is trained. They was to Dan, then he's on Morgan Freeman Washington. Huh? This is there is this weird, humble lot of seemingly movie with two other characters. And when you see, you'll know what I mean by weird. So I got sexy beast right here. It's in my hand. I got the sweet here after which somebody recommended to film by Adam of the Graham. I got a beautiful mind recommended very hardly by a voter boy. Pulled an eye to find a like it. And then I got way at the gun. It was good. We both recommended a beautiful mind. Oh, and way at the gun is from the writer of usual suspects which I didn't get yet. I still have that other list. The usual suspects is a better overall movie, but way at the gun is entertaining. Enter, Tammy. Is it a western? No, it's modern times. Modern times with the lovely Ryan Philippe. Well, that sounds okay. Actually, the blonde guy in the train spotting for a Brit. He was there or a scotsman, whatever it was. He was a pretty good looking guy. I thought, well, even if this movie turns out to be crap, at least there's somebody looks good in it. And then, of course, I wasn't prepared for that much crap. That's soon, you know. Oh, and here's another fact that's got to be a joke, then it. It says it because you told me yesterday do not get this movie. Do not see it. Do not watch it on the other way. I didn't see it. Why don't you know where you're getting these things? I highly recommend the big lobowskiism movie you should see. It's definitely the sleeper hit of the decade. The comedy with John Goodman, Jeff Bridges, Tara Readens, the Bushimi. It's hysterical. And you said, forget about it. I did not. I said forget about it because you saw it because I saw it. And you thought it sucked. You're not going to like it. For what reason? Because you don't do any acid. Ah, is it another guy? Can't, is there any movie that's ever been made? No. I mean, even Dracula for Christ's sake, he was doing old movie. That's right. There's a movie that's ever been made as a drug movie. I guess I'm just going to have to start doing drugs. You know, I'm having a forget about this sugar. I'm going to start doing drugs. Call my mother and tell her I'll a drug addict. Okay. We'll talk after this show. Tell her I haven't started yet, but I'm working on it. And if she don't stop taking X-Lax, she's going to be, she's going to be doing the same thing that guy was doing in train spotting. Talk about train spotting the image of that of what your mom on the wax. Were you stop picking on mom? She's got, she's got a bowel fetish, okay? Let me point something out to you. Dogs and cats. Let's just stick with dogs. Does that look like cats? Dogs. Other than having like a little oven affection, other than that. One of the two things in their life that they're based around eating and getting rid of it. I mean, you know, and of course if you dog ain't fixed in sex too, if they get lucky and you let them or lose. But forgetting about that, sitting that aside. The two things that are most important are eating and going outside to get rid of it. Right? Right? Other who doesn't have like a wild social life to say, you know, what are the most important things eating and, you know, and the other thing. And the other thing, that's right, whatever follows you. You wanted or not. So she's very concerned about that and she's very conscientious. She's been working very hard diligently on that. For years and years, for all of her life, as long as I can remember it long before I knew it. I was born. She's been doing that VN thing, you know? Boy, I'm sure blood would drop that image. Drop that bomb. Also, this fact is can't believe many of you put silence at the lands that had poets to sat down and list their great silence at the lands. Put that on my list. The BN of our Wynnecorrectalagosi spelling. Silence lines. How do we, I mean, look, you can't put them all on there. You're going to forget sooner or later, which allows us to add to it. Also, it's as I can't believe you put the talented Mr. Ripley on your list, a quote for rail. I'd rather be impregnated by a horse than sit through that wreck again. I liked it. I watched it three times already. Okay? So whoever sent this to me must obviously not be a fag. And even if you're not a fag, I still say it's an entertaining movie. Plus, this is also somebody who obviously was never an Italy. One of the, one of the selling points for the movie with River Phoenix and what's his name, Cano Reeves, my own private Idaho. I'd be sad the fact that it's totally a fag movie, which you should neither want to. But all that I go to Italy and the great scenes in Rome. There's a scene of the Colosseum from about a hundred yards away. And the rest of the time, they're nearly there out way in this farm and a boom doc somewhere in the middle of nowhere. And the scenes could be in Ireland and Germany. It could be in Wyoming. Could be anywhere. So all this crap about the great footage in Italy. Then now that's how they missed your Ripley. There's some great stuff in Italy. Okay. And I put it on my list. I hate to break the news to this fag, I put it on there because I like it. Not because it's fashionable to like it. Not because George likes it or Bonervoy likes it or because Moe likes it. I put it on there because I like it. How do you like that? Can't believe you put that around. Sorry. That's pretty list. Anyway, here's a has got to be Ed Gain with Steve Railsback and Texas changed some assurances. Did he put these on Ed Gain? Is it Gain or Gain? I've always been confused. He's Gain. Oh, Ed Fones. We're going to get new things. There could be another package doing. Well, that would be a show. It was pretty gross. It was a serial killer movie. True story of course. And Ed did some nasty things. More what's a nasty thing. Well, when PC the movie he does nasty things with nasty things. Okay. Well, good. Let's get that on list. Is it on our yet? Good. Good work. 46 votes for faces of death any year all. Tinks Lemingo's 35. Trainspotting 12. The F-Sersus 9. Freddie got fingered 9. I think the guy in Trainspotting got fingered. Yeah. In fact, I think James Vanderbick in the rules of attraction. I think he got fingered by himself. I'm going to do a deer watch that scene again. After all this discussion we're having today. Do I dare watch that? Oh, no. I don't want to know what he's doing. Looking 42 at 5. 60. W to Q.M. Hey, if there's anything worse than going up to take a dip in the pool and seeing how crappy it looks. I can't imagine what it might be except that scene in Trainspotting. If your pool is stained and dirty and cracking and just takes all the joy out of taking a dip on a hot summer's day, which is all year long. Well, it doesn't have to be a mess. No, Mo. Call our good friends at landing Marseille and let them beautify for you. They specialize in refreshing and refunishing pools. Bring it a back to life making and brighter and more colorful than they were in the first place. And now Atlanta Marseille is introducing something new and exciting. It's called Atlantic Blue Bright. For over 12 years, Atlantic Marseille is beautified pools with the ever popular diamond bright. And the makers of diamond bright have developed Atlantic Blue Bright exclusively for Atlantic Marseille. Atlantic Blue Bright promises leave your pool a day richer, more colorful appearance unmasked by anything you've ever heard ever seen on the market before. In fact, it's going to look so sensational at your friends, your neighbors, everybody in town on the block is going to think you've got to a brand new pool. License and ensure there are real construction companies only full time employees, not subcontractors, not illegal aliens with little pickup truck. Atlantic Marseille is family old and operated and thousands of folks in South Florida will got a brain. Have come to trust and love these people. They serve they grow it in Palm Beach counties. Atlantic Marseille also performs expert deck renovations, custom lighting, pool heating, exotic water features too. So enjoy the summer and all year round and your own backyard call Atlantic Marseille and get the most out of that pool of yours. Call 1-800-558-8883. That's 1-800-558-8883 Atlantic Marseille truly is your pool's best friend. We're supposed to be your five-cyst one. You way, yeah. Come on, I'm so excited. Okay. Put out some good reviews so I'm work right away. Shelled out 20 bucks for a movie pass, a coconut-sum milk key waste. Where the handful of candy went through the doors of that marky. There I had a first class ticket, where how a slate is a man can beat. See how I did doing makes sense. I walked in and I could have earned one seat and I walked out all the make trips. I figured hell I went for the DVD. You know, I'm just wondering, the certain people do you think you have any to try to imagine? I'm kind of movies they would watch, you know what I mean? Okay. And like the sports nerds, I just wonder what kind of movies that those people watch. Besides, of course, the obvious like, what was that awful football movie with Al Pacino Sunday? I need to give them Sunday. Any given Sunday? Awful. Everybody I didn't watch it because everybody said, believe me, you're bad and puke it so bad. The natural, the natural, all the sports movies here, the handsome brothers, you know? That crap. Because I just can't imagine sports nerds watching, Recklium for a dream or Magna. I could be wrong about that. I'm trying to think of Joe Rose. He'll be offered a Magdog by the way, two to four, the Safnoon Magdogs take another well as your day off. I can't imagine Joe Rose watching Magna. Can you? What up? Or Memento? I mean, hang out, I can imagine watching that because he's a wild crazy guy. And what about Feral? We gotta ask him about that. I don't know if he's like really a movie kind of guy. I just find it kind of entertaining. Oh, okay. One thing about him, man, you just crank up that tape there and whatever you ask, he's got the answer. It fits right in. It's like the magic eight ball. It is. Only most behind it. Now, speaking of watching movies, of course you want to have like a big nod. See my apartment here, it just isn't big enough like my house. See my house, I could have like a good home theater entertainment thing in a surround sound. I just never got around with it. You, you see, I certainly have enough for what? I've never enough room for what 85 satellite is in all kinds of crap. And it was gigantic pulp speakers, man. They do wonderful things now with us thinking the speakers into your ceiling. So you don't have to have any wires running in it. Right, and I could probably have one of those big tazmasets on the wall. Oh, man. Or, you let electronics giant Sony Corp unveiled a new upmarket brand yesterday and an effort to bring the sense of cool to a product line up that has lost some of its cache. The world's largest consumer electronics makers had products bearing the new brand called Qualia. We'll be made only after customers placed in order. These days were concerned about how many we can sell or how much market share we can get. And as a result, there are many products that never got made so many cheap executive. Navi yuki, a day told a news conference. So in fact, there's a picture of Navi yuki, a day right there. Qualia doesn't come cheap though. The first products in the range include a high definition of home theater projector for 2.4 million yen, which is 20,000 300 bucks, a 36 inch trimter tron super clear TV for 1.3 million units, 11 grand, and a digital camera that can fit in a shirt pocket, but as 2 megapixel capacity and the cost 3200 bucks. What do you want to be getting more of those? Any minute down. See, I don't think I'd spend 11 grand for a TV. Find your money? That's what I'm saying. I mean, you wouldn't spend 11 grand for a TV because you don't have it. But if you had a lot of money, would you spend 11,000 dollars for a great super clear 36 inch TV? Yeah, I would. You would. 36 inch? I'd buy four of them. Two small for me. 63. Well, I got a, I don't know what they are. I think at home mine is like, I think both of them are 52. I got a 52 inch Sony here. No, the one at home is like a 63 inch. But this one here is a 52 inch Sony, which is too big for my living room anyways. Too big. But I do like it. It's a good thing. I just need more room. Maybe I'll show it out in a balcony. The range also features a CD audio system in which it this can be placed anywhere on a plain surface to size of a salad plate. Just stick it on there. Quality is part of Sony's strategy to differentiate itself from rivals like Sumphtary Assam Sung Electronics and Restore its faded brand premium. And then I just get through Santa. I got a Sony TV in the other room. Oh, geez. I feel like I'm faded. I'm like I'm off brand. Oh, you know what that call was before my rest of the head of Package on says my drugs got here already. Oh, uh, be here boy. No waste any time. I think he's got to express the delivery. So if there's anybody out there short, you know what we can come up in a couple of days. Uh, be in a marble take care of it. Express delivery. I just know people. 567. 560. Probably got all the numbers from George pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon world of slime. We better get with it because we only got an hour to go before the one to two comedy bits. Wednesday hour. Get on what? I beg your pardon. Get with what? Get with the program. Get with it. I got a lot of stuff to do here. We've only got one hour of what's to do it. Don't you understand what I'm saying? Okay. I got a lot of crap. In fact, I'm thinking for a right now. I don't want to think about that. Well, why do they do that? And in other words, let me just put this is morning. My opinion. If that's what you have to, and I know what this sounds really funny. They're like almost Steve Almish. But if that's what you have to do to get people to watch your movie, then your movie sucks. See what I'm saying? Yeah. Now the second dude is saying. I don't want to hear about the second dude who's seen. Okay. It was hysterical. It was hysterical. It was hysterical. We're at a funny trap. There you go. There you go. There's your first one. Go. Go. Well, that makes us feel like duty. 567.0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. There's a great pay phone challenge. Oh. Yeah, we can do it at the Atty room in Denny's. Right there at 36th and Viscayne Boulevard. Now Rick is going to have to get that ring, the diamond ring out of that boat with this teeth. Here's Miami. Hello. I do an email. Yes sir. What about the Doodle scene in Shoshank Redemption when you have to crawl through that pipe? Never watch that movie. Is there a Doodle scene in that? Well, when he was gay, he had to crawl through like 50 or 75 feet of pipes with their actual An extra. Okay, great. He's going to get a little bit to graphic. Okay, a little bit. Now is there really such a scene in Shoshank? Yeah. Well, me, that's why I didn't watch it. I have an reversion to Doodle scenes. Okay, I'm not interested in watching crap. Oh. See, something in my head that tape member. And you know, you notice how what comes around goes around. You know who gave me that movie. Don't you to watch? Jason, who Jason, which I mentioned yesterday. Of course, Jason was a guy to use the photograph his own, uh, droppings. Did he wrap it? That jade though. That was pretty exciting. Well, the only one there were newsworthy. And he's never a polaroid or a, maybe it was a brownie. Maybe it was a brownie, how I'm camera. No, he had a polaroid camera. He used to take shots of his. Schmidt. I don't, I don't understand. Maybe they just did some people who never want to grow up. And those people make me want to throw up. What is this? Let me say it again. If you have to see him in like with language. And I know we got so odd. Yeah, I don't want to hear all that language. I can't imagine there are too many of those people. I think more of these we need the language in the movies is because that at least makes it a little bit real. Because that's the way real people talk. Yeah, I'm like on radio and TV where we have to be pretty good in two shoes because the FCC is going to find us for saying crap. Okay. But in the movies, I mean, when they finally started using all the words that real people use and finally pretty much everybody got used to that. I would think except the most pretty of the perceived and suspicious. So there's a reason for that because that's like reality. But I don't think your average Joe or Jena out there spends too much time hopefully digging around in the bull looking for, you know, some kind of a repository they were trying to make a point about his desperation. I see. Or guess what? I wasn't that desperate to be entertained. Okay. I could turn on TV and watch the 85,000 movies all of which would have been better than train spotting or bed spotting or bull spotting. I'll spot you three to two that I'll never watch it again. 1156 at 560 poor and Kaplan man, he must have really been destroyed in a game seven and the devils went three and nothing that Koma inducing game. He must have been upset. His whole future his whole life was hinging on a balancer. How you going back here? Oh, and I just got to come back to QA. That's that's the almost as bad as investing with Mitch Hirsch. I'll tell you about something that's a safe bet that's all you made. It's good for you. I popped a couple of those blood pressure over your medicine my push this morning and look how great I sound right now. Don't I sound great? If I do say so myself. Anyway, all you made a super concentrated olive oil would combine with all kinds of other good stuff in a little capsule. Easy to take you to this pop them in your push every day. And only you might have been taken up for just the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol. And there are 14 different oleoment formulas from which to choose each one combining the finest olive oil on this planet with vitamins and minerals and urbles and all kinds of neat stuff. To support specific health needs for your bones, your blood pressure, your immune system. Just pick out the formulas that are right for you. And now we've got three new oleoment formulas. Want to help you sleep? What a help you control that weight and sell Q10 for your heart. Pick and believe me, I've talked about Q10 for years. I'm telling you when you see the difference in your pulse rate and your heart, you'll be amazed at how important Q10 is. Pick up some oleoment wherever you do your shopping. It's all over the place and more more. You can hear the sound. People pop it every day. So forget about those drugs from Carlos. Get something that's good for you. Pick it up at publics and the anchors, Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, Navarro, Zorcidonos or Ordorooliumet online. If you like oleomentamerica.com, is their website. And if you want more information about any of their products, call them toll free. 1-8-6-Orial Med. That's 1-8-6-6-6-5-3-60-63. Pick up some oleoment today and start poppin it and you're pushed right away. 5-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-8-6-6-7-8-6-6-6-8-6-6-6-6-6-6-8-8-6-8-6-6-7-6-6-2-7-7-6-6-8-6-6-7-6-6-6-6-6-6-7-7-6-6-7-6-9-6-6-8-7-6-4-7-6-6-7-8-7-6-8-6-6-6-6-9-6-6-6-6-7-6-9-6-9-6-6-6-9-6-6-6-6-6-8-6-6-6-6-7-6-6-6-9-6-6-6-7-7-6-6-9- when you wipe do you prefer a forward stroke or a backwards stroke i think i prefer a forward stroke is a matter of fact the wife was just saying oh oh oh oh oh what's the man it i think i just ripped the paper oh okay how how well did you get to wipe well i got it pretty good okay do you feel any pressure under your fingernails yes i do oh boy remain calm you're having what we call a push through did you get any penetration i think so okay just do as i say and everything's gonna be okay now is there any clothing on the bathroom floor you want to look for something dot-colon okay let me see now pull your finger out nice and slow so you don't get a flicking effect okay okay is your finger out Steve yeah now the first thing you want to ask yourself as you look at your finger is has anybody in the house really made you mad today no they haven't okay go ahead wipe it off Steve oh thank you colon keep it the good work well you are welcome and thanks for listening that's all the time we have for now until the next year it's up i'm colon cornwalls this has been turned tough the shield it gets down to what you're really made up was that Kevin wall is his ability sent trouble 3 of 5 60 w to qa m anyway we got the qm van right now to one o clock is at the pizza lock on the corner of sunrise and not build behind wall greens and plantation we got some tickets for marlin games for if you're desperate and we also will let you register to do a win of free large t's pizza got that that's now now to one and then later on a seven to a George Miguel bokebran and bineer boy for happy art the treasure island right off the palm at o just north of the 122nd street exit stop by the wind some more of our very low budget prizes but the high-little beach check out this week's feature terror wild and maybe you'll get lucky also a trash dreadford see the night tell you I had my doubts about that brandy's tag I just knew right I had the spookies just reading the wrong tag and now long after their spot ran he says oh please I forgot to get to the tag give me a mention so I can keep my job while we like to rely now that's the only reason I'm doing this because we like to raise a good guy he's a good guy he can't fall to get a geek he cares he tries his best he's like you know functionally uh in compliment it's a great time to buy floor shine as we get brandy shoes by one pair of the regular price get the second pair of equal or lower value at half price stop interfisitus at brandy's shoes dot comc in again he spelled the website another third way so just keep just keep spawning the way you want like like legoci you'll find it you'll land on it can tucky church abuse suit settle for 25.7 million dollars a ride one of the largest collections of civil actions against the aromand catholic church came to a close when the archstice is the Louisville agreed to pay 25.7 million dollars to 143 people who accused priest and employees of trans sexual abuse archbishop Thomas Kelly addressed victims yesterday as the settlement was announced I apologize again for what we did or failed to the led to your abuse he said I hope today settlement is a sign of our willingness to help you in your healing and help cover it up I mean close it around it and we don't want to do too many of these because we don't want to get dentists like all sure a shoe shoe could up again church document show that sexual abuse allegations against roman catholic clergy and officials and missus sippy are more widespread than what's believed the leds victim say the document same more than 20 priests or roman catholic officials in the cipi of an accused of molesting christmas and youths over several decades three times done were claimed in pending lawsuits according to victims of alleged abuse the plaintiffs and lawsuits against the church say the documents inadvertently forwarded in by the churches on lawyers support their claims that the church continues to cover up accusations of sex abuse and missus sippy no less the priest used to tell those author boys it's a treat to beat your feet on the missus sippy mind is that what he used to say something like they said said there you go more than that crap speaking a crap are pulled today which we apologize for the nature of it but it it's just one of those things you know I was inspired by transporting we've been talking heavy duty movies for a long time and you can't get much more heavier duty than that the most disgusting grosser vulgar movie ever made non pornographic was faces of death in your all of them 65 parts one through four thousand pink flamingo is 43 train spotting 17 Freddy got fingered 15 I wonder if you called their Kevin Wallace there on a turd talk the exces is 14 Hannibal 10 and everybody else really small small potatoes for example the last one down is I Schmidt on your grave has got only five so that's what our poll today and I still don't understand it although obviously you know what appeals to a lot of people's taste there are sick bastards like Carlos is always thrown out of his mind when you're watching really sick disgusting stuff like train spotting and kids and bully by the way bullies got one bone in my book that was that word is yeah it's got one bone five six seven oh five six the epic a person so I should have seen it you're the one that told me to see kids in gummel because it was the same director as did bully here's a call from candle hello hey uncle Neil yes sir you don't have dead alive on your list and that was one of Peter Jackson's first movie yeah it's a comedy horrible but you just tried to most of the gutting movie I've ever seen it's hilarious in the last thing alone they used 300 liters of thick blood that's outgrowth it is okay but some hilarious we not it's not it's called dead alive not he will get just dead alive collect the immoharidavited story right right there yeah I have a comment about your show yes yes within reason you always say your audience is an intelligent you know they're different different from anybody else because you know what wait wait what when did I say that well yeah I'm trying to make a point here slide don't want to get bogged down here okay your your show your audience generally does listen to other music blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah that's like you know pay attention other music other radio station like the the the lat music and the you know the the urban stuff and all that I have one complain about your show a lot of times that you do your lead in yeah you play a parody of a song that I and I guarantee it not other people never heard of because we don't listen to the radio it's like I don't get it and more importantly I don't want to get it you know what I'm saying is that your regular you know that your motion most of it all that it's a parody of the factory boys or whatever and I'm like there's one song you play it's called Barry is a fairy else they're going what tells us out because I have no idea what they're talking about no it's called airy airy fly sure airy okay anyway but anyway I'm not that again give I can but but but you got to understand that I I can't think of a single one of those songpurdies that really makes any different I mean it adds to the enjoyment of a you know the original song right but if you don't know the song it's like you sit in your sky tune your uh certain body parts are like a half an hour and so it's over it's like oh yeah whatever means is it might what up is what I'm saying makes sense oh you know I understand what you're saying that if you don't understand what the songpurdies based on it you don't appreciate it exactly okay well we'll take another consideration we'll take it to committee I appreciate it thanks a have a great time see I understand what he's saying then and plus plus of course a lot of the song Pyrrities that Boka Brian does since he's in that time warp are songs from back into Piffies and sixties like that one part of the chart one fact what is that song then and then the go and go to the chapel by the Vixie cups right and now I had a course of very few of people in his audience know from the Vixie cups or going to the chapel or at that crap but but if you do know it adds a little bit to the drum it but I think you did still enjoy areas of theory without even knowing the Vixie cups of the right damn straight no oh I'm sorry I mean uh but I do understand exactly what he's saying not that we're going to change anything are we oh the only thing we're going to change is this thing with our website is we want to speed up the process and get quick with this you know passionate by a committee and passionate by this one and waiting for this one to get off his fan asked we're going to we want lightning speed on there don't wait yes we're going to start a little bit pushy or now you know just because I'm going on I've looked at it two months most of the time I'm not here a summer deal that doesn't mean I don't give a crap okay I could just sit back and take the paycheck like Carlos there you could just sit back and get paid once every three or four pay periods but I guess but he but he's not going to do that he is conscientious he cares enough to send his very best not to leave the kind of slipshot crap that we had for months and months and months for about two years on our website I'm embarrassed the fact that we you know I was so indifferent and lazy I guess plus I had no control over but I was willing to accept that and I'd look on that page and I think Jesus this is why would anybody look at this damn thing it's a miracle we had anybody checking out other than the poll follow him saying now we got all those nifty more pictures we got mozo the time we got the hot couples contest gone we got 80 been in pictures of a butchered little Iraqi kids we got all kind we got neat hoppin around the George W.a. there doing at the voguing thing he's doing is nobody's doing he's vogin it and all kinds of other amazing stuff on there and I still say like I say yesterday our website is probably one of the best in the history of mankind slicker than slicker than butterman slicker than freaking butter on your ass 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line it is Wednesday that means there are one to two hours now that big comedy but sorry remember how we asked about that and they said oh no I think was about 50 50 wasn't it not necessarily it was about 50 50 whether they like the one that they used to be the noon to one I forgot already but oh yeah a lot of negativity because see that's a mistake I make I'm not gonna ask anymore today like this today like that because they always say no haha yeah how are we doing today you like to show that oh so many movie shows here we're gonna talk about movies on this show and other stuff and I mean you can call and talk about anything under the sun any day not that you ever do because you have to be spoon fed that's in each of the audience but we'll talk about it until we're good and ready to talk about something else until something else happens okay I mean we could talk about oh there was another attack in him at least today wow another abomin in Gaza woo what a shock Kinovel huh what's that on? 430 1213 at 560 WQM if you're on the Atkins dad or any of their low carburetor free diet here's a place you're gonna love shopping at the lights of West Boca the number one low carb store in the universe now they have over 900 low carb sugar free products and the lights of West Boca is introducing new ones every month this month no exception try their new low carb instant cup of soup just add water and microwave a low carb meal and a cup for delicious flavors or new simply low carb muffins for a quick breakfast or your own individual size cheesecake and the list goes on and on with low carb hot just like he said Magnolia it just goes on and on and remember he said that the narrator yep with low carb hot cocoa apple cider blondies and brownies no forget the lights and credible selection of low carb pasta sauces dressing tips chocolates in their famous carbolite ice cream too so if you're sick and tired of going to your supermarket and trying desperately to find a few things that are low carb here's a place you love shopping in the lights of West Boca where all icons brand products are on sale all day every day even on some hostora stop by and talk to their staff and was guiding inside backward upside and down and uh they're open every day 10 to 10 don't forget also you can try it before you buy it anything in the store you find lights on the northeast corner of blades in 441 right next to Boston market column toll free one eight seven seven low carb or shop them on the web at low carb dot com don't forget your official icons retail center it's the lights of West Boca wide and local there's sports radio five sixties u in U a M yeah i really let you alright yeah Help mercy Ladies And That he's a queer, but we all keep that women witness the truth. He shares an epidemic of serenity as he shares, and he shares some當 whispering to his children! I'm particularly amazed by the� of the world and it's long moved. When the longer happens it goes, We have gone very slow, we gotta get married And we have gone again married They're all taking home now, we have gone married And there's Ghost trout at the Whitealf our kids He's a fair enough sacrifice He'sarmed with a fellow up to... oğlum, sure, sure Love's what he stole for Death's a stronghold And he never eats to the wrong road A reath of screaming, you can barely snow He's got to get married A reath to marry him He's got to get married They're hating home, but he's grown again there Home, home, has to come, for real Home, home, has to come, for real I think so, but in lecture audience would appreciate that And that's the remix, too, as matter fact I don't play that version of it often enough They really need sounding remix We said a memo to Lynne Samuel's until the She had special dispensation to make phone calls during the show today I didn't said it, I don't know what we called doing I did you do a peanut boy? Because I'm checking my emails here and it says You may have said this since I had to make some phone calls Uh-oh I think you better get... I think she better get her priority straightened out Anyway, she says I had to turn her radio off for a while But how about the Tutsi rolls in the swimming pool and candy shack I don't think that was disgusting I thought that was funny as hell See? I mean, because we knew that they really were Tutsi rolls Or they looked like Tutsi rolls And they tasted like Tutsi rolls Right I think a little chlorine I didn't... that was true, that's funny I had no problem with funny crap, you know I mean, literally, funny crap is funny But the stuff in this train spotting That was not funny crap In fact, when you just looked at that turlet man You said, I think at this point is the Tamoai You like like start moving in one direction And this movie can move off into the other one, you know As soon as he walked into that turlet That's it, it's been a message for me Oh, guess what? Just what happened to I- Uh-uh-thing here, my printer I give up out of ink Nope Stun Yeah, sometimes you try to be efficient by like loading maybe a little too much paper in it They hate it and then it gets jammed They get a little jammed on it 560560 pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line The most disgusting, gross, or vulgar movie ever made Was pieces of death parts 1 through a thousand, 77 Pink flamingo is 49 Train spot on that, that's it, that's the contest after that it's maltotatus Train spotting, 19, pretty gut finger at AT&T And he liked this, what I heard, the excesses 16 And Hannibal 10 after that single digits Although it takes us chainsaw, massacre got on her late, it's moving up with 8 Got on their late, it's moving up with 8 Here's one, it says surfing through your website And it was put tune is not on your recommendation list Why never saw it? I told Carlos to us to get on for money Good movie Never seen it Sounds like another one of the more movies to me Yes And it wasn't born on the 4th of July, wasn't that enough to deny do my obligatory thing by watching And it was very morbid, and depressing, Tom Cruise was excellent in it And he was also excellent in my ability to concentrate on what you said Respect up I'm bigger part, respect the, I don't know if I can say that or not Respect the one Well, the penis Respect the penis, I already do 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and for right I mean let's face it, you know, I don't want to get into a whole thing about genitals But if there really were a god Couldn't he have created, I mean something more attractive looking than Penis is in vagina, see what I'm saying I agree with half of that No, no, there's nothing, I don't care what you say Okay, I'm not talking about whether it makes you horny or not There's nothing attractive looking about a vagina Please A little flower No, it's just off It's like every time Or kid to flower It's like a small flower Please And if you're going to tell me that like a limp penis I mean, it's a tragic thing No, no, no, no. Oh my god Oh fuck, heartedly concur Well, there you go I've seen one or two 560 this hour 560, heaven, oh, 560. pound 560 And it's just like all this crap we're talking about I've said a million times on people all that He was really funny If there were a god would he have us like eliminate in a way that we do, would we have to go through this mess? Do that smell? Oh my god, you're all about wiping in the... Oh geez. I mean, even dogs, you know, dogs don't wipe their ass. Well, no, seriously, if they had the ability, they don't have to do it. Because for some reason, thank goodness, the overwhelming majority of the time, it's very antiseptic, they will. It's spotless, don't ask me why? They do have the ability and they do. I'm not talking about scraping on a grass, they'll get a little bit of a little bit of something. You're right, your dog is excluding your dog's got worms. All by the way, Carl, as I go to the doctor right away, the dog that just peed on your leg last night, he's got worms. Oh man. I wonder he ran away from home. We'll see using his tongue as toilet paper as most dogs do. Here's some rise, hello. Hello, now? Of course, that tongue this had that kind of like sandpaper is coating. Yes sir. This was an important issue in sunrise. I just wanted to tell you about the movie seven. Yeah, see that. What do you think about that for the growth test? Most growth test movie. Because the head is in the box, we never see the head. Yeah, but you got all those seven deadly sensors, the fat guy got me and then you got the guy screwing the other, the woman there with the knife and everything. Yeah, that's true. It's pretty, pretty good, I think. Okay, we'll put it on or make you happy, okay? Thanks, Neil. Thanks, Pally. I wasn't that the one with the Denza Washington. More in front of me. That's why I said it, schmuck. What's in the box? It's okay, it's fine, it's good for that scene. It's a very good movie. I would recommend it. But I just don't like that scene. I don't like that. Makes me want to like your, not a lot of vote all over the living room. Yeah, see. Like that. Oh, what's going on? Go to the movies. Oh. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. And what's this, fancy. Oh, my God, I don't know this song so I can enjoy the purity. What am I going to do? I'm completely stemming. he's making fun of that guy that called he's in total he's not the first one whoever said that the first one who said we don't appreciate the perities as much because we don't know music and I can't help it that book of brine is uh... in a time warp but they're how we're gonna do two late now two eight not a dragon out of there or dragon off the floor after he heard that's right probably on a way in there is not he enjoys that anyway see that every once in a while i do something that strictly for him because i know there's nobody else in the world old enough sent me for more and more at least in the west he's listening to Tony Bruno and in five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t and for lies from our last line on tell you guys appreciate everything on the show whether he knows what we're talking about or not and that's time layman our good close personal best buddy at halapati xgmc and even general sales manager joe Pareto thinks that this show and the list is our hoot even like subbeniboy a little bit not too crazy about your halapati or is biggest selection of two thousand three gmc on boys on boy excels you can you can't access and in all these nobody's got a bigger selection and halapati and i should mention also they used to like uh... the worst him a lot they really were pissed when great started dicken around when i'm warning show we can only pray that they're satisfied with for well be an on because everybody else seems to be halapati also got a stupid selection pre-own cars trucks and SUVs for the biggest election on gmcs who v's kneel deals and more this is the place you love the shop and you have to worry if you don't have perfect credit because they're not going to be real picky like some most of the other car dealers they're not going to give you like a real grilling if you're credit is marginal if you want to new Greg read no problem at all they'll still find a way to get you into a fine vehicle and halapati xgmc one thirty four one soft sticks you highway that's on u.s. one red across the street from the falls where they've been doing great business and feeding people stupidus for over thirty five years open every day seven days a week if you want more info on any of their deals just call the needy of the hotline tool for it it's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven that's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven don't forget to mention you heard about the needy because they'll save even more just for having a ball to mention my name halapati xgmc i sure agree when they say we be professional Greg and local this is sports radio five six you the way first that the end of the world is going to come next Tuesday at four thirty p.m. and the department of health has requested homeowners to unplug all electrical appliances turn off radios and tv sets and disconnect gas stoves and furnaces the post office recommends that you mail early in the day and for those with automobiles alternate side of the street parking will be suspended that's the end of the world next Tuesday at four thirty p.m. market down hey oh not another one of these but i don't know the song i do it's a class they go to your ex we got a miss we're in nine we look like can't hear the sign we sing like a bunch of pretty wilders like we're staying our agencies we gotta say be swear we're not gay our biggest fans are swear we're all girls who think we're as cute as we be yeah but as they get older they all figure out we're hiding our latency one thing is for sure we get make sure we do huh oh okay now my opinion Nick Carter is obviously a screamer and the how he might be but the rest of the back street boys aren't gay 1233 i was that one of those songs they were playing on the latin stations a lot who you ask well that's what that guy was talking about so our listeners are like more intellectual and they don't listen to the others to the latin i mean anybody that didn't hear that song when it was out because he mentioned the back street boys specifically that's why i played it uh you have to be in a vacuum right they were playing that song on pop up posters you know i like it that way right elevators hallway right everywhere pa when people were doing the evo when we're voting in the living room they were playing that song anyway here's a great fact from time in Hollywood i wish i had time to read a whole thing time but i don't about bush being an acyan about the paper that i think about one of the weapons of destruction are and the greatest fertilizers for the seeds of fascism he says are ignorance complacency and apathy absolutely correct this is how it bill was right keep up the good work thanks comment Hollywood actually in fact 567560 palm 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line faces of i wonder if it's in my book could put down it don't you yes the work movies really they were just i don't know i guess they were are they just they were not batteries i guess are movies uh ear full of the uh general sense faces of women not in here faces three bones same junk has to be released from death not in here just they're just collections of clips but you could buy him like in video shows there videos there were in the theater some shows there was some midnight show is for those it's some selected theaters well i'd be showing tomatoes at the screen you know it my luck i'm always there on a wrong god damn night 567560 palm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line hope you get uh who's out there McGill right now at pizza locked yes till when a clock we got the lovely McGill at pizza locked you can go out there and see who looks better him or do you have Cohen the plantation location northeastern or sunrise and uphill right behind wall greens we got some tickets for marlin games anybody want to know and if you register when a free large cheese pizza i'll take the pizza thank you with all the respect to our close personal friends in the marlin organization and enjoying George McGill and book a brand and beiner boy happy our five to seven at treasure island the set of noon five to seven p.m. and this week's feature will be there to a while to have our usual very low budget crap prizes from qa and because we got no budget for him i say low budget i should say our no budget prizes five six seven oh five sixty places of death 84 the most disgusting gross or vulgar movie wall time pink flamingo is fitting transporting twenty Freddy got fingered nineteen how much a duffin joy that the excess is eighteen handable ten eleven and text the chainsaw masquerice climbing up the ladder baby it's got ten those are the ones in double digits i should sit on your grave is got seven here's a call from bokeh hello speaking a schmith yes act him how you doing now great i'm surprised no one in this uh market mentioned jackass did you see it jackass the movie yeah did i see it no yeah no oh what you have to see it i mean it got kind of goes along with our uh schmith theme today one of the scenes is their uh they're gonna play prank on this uh plumber shop and the guy walks in with his newspaper squats on a commode and but before they did that the guy was saving up something and as a prank on him they walked them they locked them in the van as he was getting ready to go wow he's like yeah really got to go they said you sure because yeah and they lock them in the van and you could see are you sure comfort in his face i mean i almost fell out of my chair then walked out but i was towards the end of the movie and there was even a even thicker uh theme right after that but he was that he was with jackass on the uh the pole for me you've got a band nice put it on there Carlos right away is it under yet no come on let's go i'm looking i don't see it yet now are having you taking control of this thing no why not we'll get out to the speak after the show an addition of which wisely a number seven in the middle of seven that's how the movie was uh no yeah i have the tape that's not how it's uh it it is that's what i saw the day it's got the number seven where the v should be right as opposed to like spelling it out right i'll take your word for right now but i think during the break i'm gonna run the other room and see i'm pretty sure i got it think you're full of crap anyway that doesn't have any votes yet in the all those just went up there now where's the one he just mentioned is jackass the movie on her yet i don't know why you keep laughing i'm not joking about this he see Eric thinks it's a joke don't a joke it's some more taken very seriously man you got the guy who's stockwatched going on your ass Eric and it's not a pretty prickly okay 21 till 1 i never let that run out before i love the way i had like a specific ending one other beautiful 20 till 1 at 5 60 wq mr big one and two comedy bits are from a one to two which i guess is when you'd expected to be and then in two o'clock we got your rose again for the little it's for the uh whatever dog it is all the dogs all the time we got your rose fill in again he's got a big hard on four o'clock you got the hopper for the seven and you got the seven to seven 30 something new and not too exciting you got qm rewind the best of qm which you go to two we only got a half an hour for that doesn't it is never message in there what then you got the Marlon pre-game at seven thirty marlins at the bruers to play a team even worse than they are at 805 the night any k follows the baseball game and our good close personal friends join mark who want their five to six hour back overnight to the five in the morning they want to be on to the six they want to five or clock hour back they want it back real soon Davis loves brother and water whatever blue is head off by now you've been here at about lamina terrasso how lamina wood flooring from lamina terrasso is the easy low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring lamina terrasso is the best place to find lamina to wood flooring from perid or pergo willson art uniflorine quicks that they've got all the top names all installed by pergo certified installers here's another reason why you ought to be call lamina terrasso their prices will floor you right now you can get there some special for just nineteen hundred ninety five bucks that's correct just nineteen hundred ninety five dollars for up to three hundred eighty square feet of beautiful lamina wood flooring it is positively un-feelable and lamina terrasso match any legitimate written offer to for free and home estimate call lamina terrasso toll free one eight seven seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six what could be easier free carpet disposal free furniture moving waiting for you a twenty five year warranty and years and eons of beautiful easy care lamina wood flooring check this out call lamina terrasso today toll free at one eight seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six five five多少 TX4151 a reeling really uh I swear I swear I'm seen in when you get to it and swear I'm just seen in when you got to go and swear I'm just seen in when you got to go and swear I'm just seen in when you got to go and swear I'm just seen in when you got to go and swear I'm just seen in when you got to go and swear I'm just seen in when you got to go and swear I'm just seen in when you got to go and swear I'm just seen in when you got to go and swear I'm just seen in when you got to go and swear I'm just seen in when you got to go and swear I'm just seen in when you got to go and swear I'm just seen in when you got to go and swear I'm just seen in when you got to go and swear I'm just seen in when you got to go and swear I'm just seen in when you got to go and swear I'm just seen in when you got to go and swear I'm just seen in when you got to go and swear I'm just seen okay Shekru and weapons inspector Hans Blix is accused the bastards in Washington as he called him, of mounting a smear campaign against him and the run up to the Iraq War including stories planted in the news media meant to discredit him. The normally cool sweet due to return from his UN post at the end of the smut, also said in an interview published today that U.S. officials put pressure on him to use more damning language when reporting on Iran's alleged weapons programs. My enlarged my relations with the U.S. for good looks was quoted as saying him on his guardian newspaper, but toward the end the Bush administration leaned on us. And they were spreading rumors that he was gay and he was this and he was that he would have always got a wife and a family and he ought to have had some prune of them. I'd be like that. You're a bastard. Exactly. The bastards in Washington, we know them well. Don't we on this show? We know who they are and what they're doing and what they're up to. I670560, POM560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's a call from Helen Dale. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. There are the movie Collegula. Yeah. Grovidol. Ah. Is that on your list? Never seen it. Okay. It's pretty, at the time, it's pretty violent. It's on there right now. Oh man. Yeah. Is that still in video? Yes it is. Probably definitely not a blockbuster thing. Because I think it was either R or H. A blockbuster thing? I know. Yeah. They'll sell it to you. Blackbuster of the tape is blank. Yeah. Let me look it up in the book. Now that I got my 400-ton book here on the other thing. Yeah. It's just right. It was colloquial. Let's see. Well, right in McGallan, Grovidol, they had a lot in common. Call him California. What the girls? How big you're? It was what's his name? Malcolm McGallan. You're right. Oh Malcolm McGallan from McClock, we're corn. You had them think right at McGallan. There was no horror movie. A colloquial for some reason is not in here. So I guess it's not on tape or the movie. Probably because it was originally rated X. I have. Yeah. They're now produced. Won't be fine in that in my book. But it's on our list. Thanks a lot, pal. Thank. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Grovidol was in a gannick also. Kind of a minor role. Right. I almost said something to spoil the movie. And you know, that's got like three bones in the book. Three out of four. So it's highly rated. That's probably because my good friend Ethan Hawke is in it. And Jude Law. Who's a great act right? You saw it? Yeah. Yeah. Is it on your list? No. Schmuck. 560, 560. Of course, Magnolia is not on your list either. So you know, you can either listen to me and be in a boy or listen to George when I come to these movie ratings and stuff. I mean, George likes crap movies. Like, well, that's right. That wasn't you either. That was a trans-binding was Bonerboy. John likes it too. I like it. Fine. You got to see the other crap scene. You got to know that. That, that, that disc will never make it my DVD player again. You can bet beater boys life on it. Okay. Just fast forward and look away. I don't, yeah. What's that going to accomplish? Fast forward and look away and look up and see if all the crap's gone. I almost, that will slip there. Careful. You turned. Sick. Really sick. Okay. Push them down. Yeah. Yeah. Harry, like, could push off a bread about now. Right off the edge of the toilet seat. See, George, I like that movie either. So, you know, his, his whole thing. Take a look at his list and then, you know, chuck a little bit. And then, if there happened to be ones that we agree with the rest of us, then, you say, well, maybe they are pretty good. 560560 pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. 10 till 1 a QAM. Go George for mad dog today. I'll say it about that. No. Now we love Joe. We love him, Joe. I want some such a mad dog. He's on a schedule now from, from hell. You ever see anything like this? Called carrying a good thing a little bit too far. Just a little bit too far. And the rest of us are getting pretty goddamn jealous. I'm going to have to accelerate my summer, uh, two-thin Thursday schedule if he keeps this up. And what day is it today? Wednesday, right? The 11. Which means I work tomorrow in the new work on Friday. 10 till 1 a QAM. Hercane season is here. Holy crap. Before a storm hits you, you put up shutters to protect the windows and doors of your home. If you have any brains, but what about the roof of your house? The so-may paint factory makes roof, mastick. This is a roof coating that can help you hurricane proof your roof. So-may's roof mastick saved a hundred roofs during Hurricane Andrew. While unprotected roofs are peeling off and flying away like crazy. So-may's also waterproof coatings for every kind of roof under the sun. Call the so-may paint factory, SO-may-Y, at 305-633-633-333. The so-may paint factory is the oldest quality paint waterproof coating manufacturer in the entire state of Florida. So-may's going to save you a lot of money because they eliminate the middle man markups. They sell to everybody at wholesale prices that are 60% lower than what you'd pay for national brands and retail stores. So protect your home and property from South Florida's top tropical climate with the best paints and waterproof coatings at the best prices. Call the so-may paint factory 305-633-633-333 or find on amoebaifelacatsomay.com. SO-may-Y, SO-may.com. Don't forget we save a lot of money when you buy direct from the so-may paint factory and be sure to tell them that old Neil told you to call. The five-and-a-local of the six-is-five-six-is-three-us-old-your-s-com. Oh, that's not that cute! And this is G Gordon-Lity and they don't come anywhere else than Neil Rogers. So, we're going to do that great jalapeno taste. Salsa-laks is safe and effective, plus this is great on a cornchid. So if your balls are suffering, burrito blockage. Don't say hi caramba, get no salsa-laks in poor exciting flavors. Medium, hot, miss-heat and chunky. Look for the water with mantasuma in the label. I see it when we're not salsa-laks. Now let me ask you why did I do this to show our back myself in a way up around. Just having that conversation. No, you played all the breaks. I know I played all the breaks, but I'm saying I did the last one too soon. We thought you were just being real antsy about getting this hour started and we were just like, no, I wasn't. I just looked at the clock and I realized that I did a break. But that gives us a chance to like, oh, I don't want to. I don't want to. You thought the show was going to end up wanting you had to take that break early. Your program. Oh, rock! Sounds good to me. Anyway, what do we got? Let's catch up on a pool. Here we got 397 votes. We're a little trouble getting this thing started today because we have some, you know, we have a lot of middlemen, a lot of pimps involved in this pool process. The most disgusting grosser vulgar movie ever made, the faces of death parts 1 through 1,99 votes, no contest. Pink flamingos 56. Freddie got fingered 21, transpotting 21, the excesses 20, Texas changed some as a group of 15, Hannibal 13, and I spent on your grave as got a natural born killer 7. The other one's catching up a little bit slow. Also, I was speaking of catching up our hot couples contest. I just checked the thing near Vicki and Dennis. We got your picture. Thank you. Josh, who's it? Jody and Kevin. We got their pictures. And speaking of the email you've been sending me. What about that link from yesterday? We're going to put the link to that thing at website. You ask a date? Well, I think we should. A very similar to prisonpline.com, but not exactly the same fact they have a link to prisonpline. What does it star-seed TV? Right. Yeah, let's get a link on there. Bina, why not see that's your job. That's your territory. You even have to call Eric for permission first before you do that? No. Huh? No, that's that one. You sure? He gave you that little quarter. He gave you a little part. We can only imagine which that is. See, I like I said. I boxed myself back into a corner. This is going to be awkward. Okay. So there's possibilities. I could put like a stick on the couple calls in there. And add some more stuff on list, but that would require a lot more work for Eric, which we don't want to do. Oh, no. Or I could play this. Oh, my favorite Republican. This is Madras. It is time for the rules. Cute, babe. It's time once again for the Neil Rogers. One, two, two. Oh, and it's speaking of, before I do star-play in the bits, it wasn't Tutsy rolls in the punch bowl. Wasn't a baby roots or the baby roots in the pool. Oh, there were two singles in the punch bowl. I don't know about that. Why do you hear the aspect? Hello. Hello. Hello. Tell me what's on the screen. Oh, who is this the maid? No, this is a wife, Salia. Priffa. I like to speak with Tommy Betoya. Hello. Tell me what's on the screen. Priffa. What's the thing with you? Girl. No, no, Salia. Let me talk to the devil. Priffa. Mommy. Mommy. Mommy. Mommy. Mommy. You got the phone. Oh. Hello. Tommy Betoya. Speaking, this is Michael Jackson. You lost your job. You lost your job. Oh, no. Hey, I didn't lose my job. I stepped down. Or sure. However you want to paint the picture. Whatever you want to tell yourself in order to save some sort of face you do. But you lost your job. You know, actually it's kind of nice to hear your voice. What? It's kind of nice to hear anybody's voice. What are you talking about? Yeah. Can you hear that? That's my Mexican wife. Let me tell you. It was cute for maybe five minutes a day. But if I got to stay home on her every day, I'm going to go crazy. No, I have to sue you. You're getting your justice search. Tommy Betoya, that devil. All we do is eat Mexican food. Jimmy Chongas burritos, toastinos. I got more gas and ex-un. And you deserve to have the bloat. Listen, Michael. I'll resurface somewhere. I'll start another label. Sure you would. So you can destroy the career of other budding artists. Are we going to Chevy? Yes, Tommy. We're going to Chevy. Thank you very much. All right. Oh, cheese. If it's not Chevy's, it's cheese. If it's not cheese. If it's not cheese. If it's a what's that drive in place? I don't know what you're talking about. I called to be right you. And all I'm getting is dribbled and Jimmy Chonga. Mmm. Mmm. And minute, I was the reason you were forced to be fired. Right, I know, because I'm very, very, very devilish. I want to live in a fancy town. I want to live in America. All right. Hey, look, Mikey. I gotta go. Okay. I gotta take over the Taco Bell. Danny. Okay. Chevy, you want to come with us? No, I don't want to be seen with you. You are the devil. But at this point, I am finding myself having some sympathy for you. Mmm. All right. All right. All right. I gotta go there, Mikey. Let me tell you something. If I were to fired right now, half the neighborhood would go up. Mmm. Ah. Goodbye. Ah. Mmm. Ladies and gentlemen, this is Mumbles number five. You're a fool, sweetheart. I'm a party in the car. Talk to me all the time. See that, let's get started on the ball. We're going straight to nothing's in the sense. Why do you need to go more on? You must like it, have that lead. I'm not saying deep, that's not deep. I'm not gonna ever, never, never, never. That's what changed this no-stop. Me, no. Come back and tell me that you're a lot. And leave what you said, let's go. Thank you, God. And God's good. Let me go there. Please stand me. Stop it. I need a beer. I'll start in my life. And there's a lot of cars on my side. I'll run me like a lot of these. There's a lot of things we know, together. I'll wear dirt and dust on my side. And there's a lot of things on my side. I'll wear dirt and dust on my side. And there's a lot of things on my side. I'll wear dirt and dust on my side. I'll wear dirt and dust on my side. Five, 60, WQAM is relieved to present the Farell and Gildi Show. I've got to leave it. I haven't run like this. Stop it. Boy, it's your smell's better when you're not at full time. Yeah, I don't have to bring a towel to light the chair off no more. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I didn't see without boys all day. Look, I'm still up here. I don't know if I found my dad. No, this is my boy. So I'm not putting you on every day. I wake up sound in the same way. I hate you. Your boy's itself. I was happy. I was so cool. Yeah, I was so cool. Yeah, yeah. I was saying. Josh and you are coming home so you're out together really soon. Thank you so much. There means it's a pity. But your dad, Dad, God. Brake? You call it that out. He was Sam. He took aibily. No, this is a compassion. Try and reach the same goal. Yeah, maybe everything about accumulating milk and soap is a different option. Yeah, no of those important things. Come home. That's it. Crap. Ohh Som! Oh frick! Yeah! Ahhh! Hurry! Ohhh! Leave me alone! Leave me alone! Use W Omarare, did you sleep in the morning? Teammol. F backstory. Are you faggering me this evening? Are you faggering me this evening? M Mater! Hatsur Hatsur, the C.</ He could, he could. Love, that does. It's bigger than Viagra, that shakes when you pee in the bathroom. But when I woke, my f*** was lost. She cut her job. So I pushed her house. She better not f***ed my morning, words- Wait here. My morning would... GAS, GAS She's lost to people, she's been there She's picked up when the chase out of her She's not in this year's life All my life All my life, all my life She's lost to you She's what I've never done She's not in this year's life All my life Try not to romance up as she chimes And I'll follow my life She's said she breathes, drop on her children All right Oh, what a guy She's my dream, go, run and just kidding She's not found after she's left She's my head, she's dying She's not in this year's life She's not in this year's life She's been there, she's been there She's never done this, she's been there She's not in this year's life She's not in this year's life She's not in this year's life Hi, this is Hillary Clinton I hope when you run after by my book You won't be too shocked to discover I have a fat, sh**, swinging under my skirt But you can't blame Bill, he's certainly not gay I just had the credentials every politician needs To be a wife of convenience And it's pretty much ended with that Bill is such a horned dog You probably would have never noticed I had man like Xeniaway And Chelsea? Well, you buy my book, you can meet all about the affair I had with Sandra Bernhardt and our lunch island Now I wasn't born a Democrat I switched parties after looking at the mirror and seeing the body of Tiponeo So by my book now Because I can never have enough If you order a copy today I will personally autograph the all mood scratches And fall down It's delicious First there was the club The Eddie Peptive Ice that lots to the steering wheel of your car Then there was the cap The Eddie Peptive Ice that prevents these from picking your airbags Now there's the ultimate in say to the art theft protection Introducing the crap Two and a half pounds of steaming human experiment That pops neatly to the funcete of all domestic and most foreign vehicles Probably installed the crap If there's even those determined be Hey nice guy They let the joy in life Let's take this for a little spin Oh my god someone took a dump on the front seat That is disgusting I'm moving under the next car On the whip of the crap And people move on to another car That doesn't have a steaming pile of human experiment on the front seat We guarantee it Order the crap for your car today And then they want to try so steal your car Will be in deep Well you know Well I bought some new potato chips because they ain't got any fat But now we're after I did in the jama sap I knew they had some side effects But I thought I'd take a chance But right after us, while they're my fellow my colon dance Ain't a list of my balkyries and just seas I mean the kale is rotten with my pants around my knees A-O-List-H-O-List-H-O-L-I'm afraid of sneeze Cause I might feel something disgusting running down my knees Well I should've seen that morning that they put on the bag And I should've been suspicious when the clerk gave me a rag So if you eat them don't be surprised If you're barely hurts And then about an hour you'll have the list of scores Oh, list of my balkyries and just seas Now I'm in the kale is rotten with my pants around my knees What's the date? Oh, list of now I'm afraid of sneeze Cause I might feel something disgusting running down my knees Sorry, quick What was going on at the back of my mind And then President Bush was directly on purpose And why? Once he was rolling her eyes He didn't know that out in high We had a head microphone under her ass And here's that tape now Oh, I'm gonna see the guy there Such a boring, old-school, would've done a good job on this Oh, God, this is so stupid I've got a new worker, so he's using my baby And this is well, so it's left in any way And one who would've dropped off off off And one who would've dropped off off off off off We're not I was attacked by the focus on He went and named my friend Boonjab Oh, no, I don't feel safe in this deal Oh, I'd rather be a new worker Drive it down Thank you, my friend Well, I'll be quick Look at his fact, can you see this before he ascends to me? I'm sure he did in the pexon highly, right? So there's him a long time fan He's always many aspects of the show, especially the recorded comedy bits One of my favorites is Dickens Cider The drink which narrators scribes is best enjoyed fortified with liquor It's said to run so on Well, imagine myself, surprisingly, when I was getting a drink at local gas station And saw that someone is making Dickens Cider for real It's an energy drink in a black can with a she-devil for the logo Maybe it's Hillary Sample showed up on Monday Are you serious? I'm drinking one now Are you sure? Really? Yeah, it's a hot-lead. It's a hot-lead. Tell me that it's already Wednesday, and you just tell me now I didn't think it was newsworthy I know you probably don't like red bull It's sugary is hell So you probably wouldn't like the beverage It tastes like red bull only more lemon-flavored It's said, you got to have their own website at What is that say? DCInferno.com It's a bad copy Or DCInferno.com Okay As in Dickens Cider Keep up the good word The police played the deck inside about one more time before they take it down for legal reasons They are not going to take it down Text-o-kit Panic, but I will play it again And the logo is really neat Is it really? It is Well, I'm delighted to hear that 11 past one is five, 60 W to QM on Wednesdays between one and two We play all comedy bits Certainly take we quest, but we don't get a lot of them Because they figure we're not going to play them anyway Right? And they're probably right Although we do drop the Mickey Mouse thing in there And they tell ya Tell ya Wrha Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Cock-a-thab like Ha ha That wasn't bad Now tell you what is bad When your carpets look in smell bad Not just dirty, but I'm talking about when they even smell bad because there's all kind of schmutzim Maybe somebody's dog, he got somebody's leg And of course the rest trick I'll turn it into carpets Oh, that goes Well, dry concepts will make all of those bad things disappear Just like magic Because they dry clean your carpets This is an exclusive pat that method method. There is nobody else in the universe who be doing it. That's why I've used them for well over 20 years in my home. And everybody I know uses dry cons. If now they wouldn't think I'd like to talk to anybody else because they're the best in the universe and making your carpets look and feel and smell just like brand new. And I don't need your carpets but your drapes, your expensive area rugs, your oriental rugs, your poultry, your leather furniture, all of these things. And if you have problem with pet orders like I mentioned only moments ago or milder orders caused by water damage, no problem. Dry cons have selectable all disappear just like they did a little magic trick on your thing. And of course no worries about ripoffs when you call these folks because not only do they show up on time but they give you a written guaranteed price before they start doing a work. No games, no BS just as DuPendis job at a fair guaranteed price every time. Can't beat it. Call to our concepts today you'll never think about economy but he else. Call him toll free from anywhere. 1-800-248-507-1-1-800-2-4807-1. If you want more info on a spectaculator where they can do for you check out their website atdroidconcepts.com. Don't forget, with Droid Concepts you really do do clean today and entertain tonight. I'm spying. You know what I'm driving down rooftop W on a hot summer day. Me and the Mrs. Always stop at Dickens. Dickens fruit stayin. They've got everything for fruit to vegetables, homemade past but there is nothing like their side. 8-that-rad honey. Dickens side. Yes, sir. Why even though we were late in Richard last Sunday she had to have a little chicken side or she says there ain't nothing like it. Even my minister says his wife and Joe is a little dick inside her now and then. Hey, why don't you bring some home an protective plastic rib bottle? That way you don't stay fresh or you can let it sit while and have some hard dick inside her. It's good at lunch, good at dinner and there's nothing like waking up with a dick inside her. Dickens fruit stayin. Just don't bring it in. Cut your own 6-thin art. Open 24 hours. Because after a chill is summer night I like to snuggle up and bed with a hot dick inside. When I'm watching basketball on TV one man is annoying me. Yet he words about us and he's not screaming things so easily. Switching like a batchy. Dickie V. Dickie V. Dickie V. Dickie V. Dickie V. He's your son is my home. Dickie V. When he is on camera the glare from his head is blinded me. When in this dark come from Dickie V. Everything is off and everyone's in TV. Wish he'd give this structure to give me Dickie V. Dickie V. Dickie V. Dickie V. Dickie V. Dickie V. Dickie Living Yeah. I'm going to do something. Can I help you? Can I have a baby to do something? Yeah, yeah, yeah. What's up with the name? Patrick? Patrick? Ah, I thought you were supposed to talk to someone named Foo. Oh, Foo? Okay, hold on, you're sick, okay? Yeah. Uh. Hello? How are you? Yeah, I was speaking. Huh? Yeah, hello? Yeah? You got a restaurant for sale? Huh? Uh, how much you want for the sun? Well, you come here to look at it and talk to the bar. I come over, maybe eat dinner with you. Okay. Uh, does... Does... Is that pricing? All the... Walks? Huh? Huh? Come on. Jamadasa? Good time. Yeah, I'm Chinese. Okay, you come over. Okay, so... I've been waiting for a long time. So, let's go. Go? Let's go, aren't we? Let's go, don't we? Let's go. What? What? Let's go. What? Okay, let's go. I'll go and ask for my camera to find the location. Okay. Okay. I'll go, okay? Uh, you know... Do you know where is your place? Let's go. Do you know where it is? Yes, I know. Uh, I want to find the reason why I'm here. Let's go. Okay, I'll take it. Okay, I'll take it. Okay, I'll take it. I'll take it. I'll take it. That's the part. You can hit, you can drop it, you can squeeze it, you can plop it at the pot. Oh, you can squeeze it, you can stroke it, you can even roll and slow it in the pot. You can sit in really calm, you can scrub it, you can vomit at the pot. Wait, let's go to the pot. Let's go to the pot. Okay. Let's go to the pot. Go to the pot. Ah, go to the pot. Oh, you can take it, you can tampon, you can flush it, you can still go down at the pot. And you can jump your golf, push, when they're getting almost at them. And the pot, you can let's see how that is when it comes to breaking it. And the pot, you can go to the pot. Let's go to the pot. Oh, let's go to the pot. Let's go to the pot. Let's go to the pot. Ah, let's go to the pot. Oh, you can take it. Oh, you can take it. Oh, you can take it. Let's go to the pot. Wait, let's go to the pot. You can do it, you can really try to do it, it's probably fine. Wait, let's go to the pot. Wait, let's go to the pot. Let's go to the pot. Let's go to the pot. Let's go to the pot. Let's go to the pot. Let's go to the pot. Let's go to the pot. Ah, let's go to the pot. When they were key for sale, and the new boat he knew. When the black crow's in driving, they'd cry and talk to the pot. If the speed of the night is able, they'd blow the fire. Let's go to the pot. Let's go to the pot. Let's go to the pot. Okay. Let's go to the pot. Everyone, let's go! Let's go to the pot. Oh! I'm the waitress. Hey, let's go to the pot. This guide is really a little多. Let's hope that we get new clothes. Press Your head. Let's go to the way수 quieter. Guys really enjoy who's saying What does this guy's past? Oh, I'm a downer this guy who's saying When you're feeling your day Remember who you should think who's saying We need to slap white and slap all the men Who's saying Oh, I'm running this guy on and then this guy needs to down the same Took his show on the run, got everybody to your own saying Now he's getting these dudes because and everyone's blues and saying Bigger than you had it made sure he likes the blockade and saying Need to slap white and slap all the men Oh, right Who's saying On 47, 5, 6, he's out of the queue We asked that our public and you're watching the kind of most disgusting gross or vulgar movie you've ever seen ever made was Faces of death parts 1 through 2 million under 11 Not at nobody even close And you know what that means? I mean at least number 11 people in the Saudi and so to see them Yeah But you like that I bet you're being your boys seen him Nope Really? Yep Where you got a lot of work to do Thanks let me go, it's 59 Framespotting Don't watch it, okay I'm begging you, don't watch it 25 The XSIS-22 Franygav fingered 22 Tests has changed how massacre 18 Hannibal 13 Natural board killers 12 And I strush man on your grave What is it? I shmit on your grave 11 Schmatch-Mit Everybody all single digits 27 past one at five Sixth you'll speak in a Todd Drec That's kind of like in the same category isn't it? Uh-huh What do I want to say? Fash drink and at you fully trained for a real career There are a lot of people out there working for Pinot I mean all the energy you're expecting You can make it no money and a dead end job What's the point? When for the same effort you can really be making some serious bucks If you want to have paying computer career you can get trained By a fast-range just four short months And have a big fat paycheck every now and then when you do get paid like Carlos Call toll free 1-866 fast-range And because they have locations all over town to his Bomb to be one nearby you So it's convenient to go to class during Miami They're in Kindle for Lauderdale and now in Pembroke Pines Fast-range off-road job placement assistance Financial aid convenient day-giving weekend classes So we got no more excuses to be seen in that real crap that end job Working for a Puts because your brand new money making careers a phone call and just four short months away Jump on that fast-range two day and call fast-range toll free 1-866 fast-train Or check them out on that wicked worldwide web at fast-train.com I can love this sports-witting little by six You way Molly Wood with another edition of America's bottom 40 Want to you buy the oxy-five companies newest that name education oxy-one five for triple free teenagers Charlie Joe Charlie Joe Oh Oh I'm gonna be a little quick on the tape boy Good show We've got the work songs in America and work out them down record stories are shown Worked on I'm not raising your buy and I'm using numbers coasters first what review of a top three songs on the judge And number three guns and roses is singing sweet out of mind. Well if I had a child around the house today I'd have these four words for leave the trash and his cohorts stay the hell away And number two you will hear it says there ain't no living in a perfect world and especially not for you you He's and you don't speak for brain and a number one George Michael sings he's got a monkey on his back Well, I would imagine it's given a little proud of that But then again you probably don't mind And by the way George there are these remarkable shaving instrument call raisers Five one and lose that silly ass jury Oh They're strong on the judge the band Johnny H.J. as with I want to be a hero And we're now on the judge and deserve it myself Okay, we're Johnny also age music I don't think hero status is him and a Johnny so get a real job And there is a song I like one George newest release for ever young And for a moment I thought it was a song about me forever hung And now it's time for a long distance dedication It comes to us from a listener in Pasadena, California right here KC I'm 16 years old resident of my class and six footer I've brought here way 175 pounds and started quarterback for my high school team But KPI ever problem the girls simply will not leave me alone It seems as though I lay on me for is my good looks my X1 physique Why can't they just like me as a friend Crete me as a person instead of some sex object and quit hearing upon me all the time KC they have any suggestions Shine God Well here's my answer They're flaming home Okay, good boy And that's why I think the judge will have a chip B in ship season And would it I tell you you don't talk to like say you can talk this is the beast I said shut up That's all that you're like a father of me who don't talk to Lam done talking Well not done talking then you talk okay, I'll be coming come here I want you to meet a friend of mine mr. Gump club Why are you gonna show you the business and the mistake coming Come in This court sentences you to 20 years in ours Would you info I had to attack off my mattress look like we'll be your bunk makes the names more holiday Starrestage screen and paradise what's what they go to me coffee You got so panless. Thank you Hey, you can have so hard real high I'm gonna make you my one You got a lot of God who got a little piggy Oh, I'm sorry, I've got 10 minutes What else to be safe in his? You're both out No man No, not new in the blue but that's so good Okay, you know who I am No, can't and then don't take it up now Oh, right, but I expect a pretty mythology I might just put that boom in a book I'll take the throne The one no see you now. Thanks Well mr. David and the woman to Jack Jack ordered how can it help you see what and yeah I keep getting raped To be the vanish Joe looking to it right away Thanks, I wasn't some type of type But it's now drop your path. I said drop your path. This is odd. The favors don't come to you No, no, no, let's read old Read the old big child Oh, yes, now we pass the time away In the geo jail The pub's mob's down The pub's down You got to get the grace The pub's down You got to get the grace The pub's down You think you'd be the same The pub's down The pub's down You told me I'm on the way Oh, yes Guy is why I'm not killing I'm not killing I'm not killing Jesus, please help back Jesus, please help back Jesus, please help back Jesus, please help back Jesus, please help back Jesus, please help back Jesus, please help back Jesus, please help back Jesus, please help back Jesus, please help back Jesus, please help back Jesus, please help back Jesus, please help back Jesus, please help back Jesus, please help back Jesus, please help back Jesus, please help back Jesus, please help back Jesus, please help back Lord, Jesus, please help back Jesus, please help to help aside Jesus, please help back Jesus, please help back Jesus, please help back Jesus, please help back Jesus, please help back Jesus, please help back Jesus, please help back Jesus, please help back Jesus, please help back Jesus, please help me Jesus, please help back Jesus, please help back Jesus, please help back Jesus, please help painful Sal ox massage In the goofy head, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dogs stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops then off, the dog stops, and the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, the dog stops, uhEnerc The people when she's acting nice Yeah, yeah, yeah But you're a glint in this cold as ice Yeah, yeah, yeah I'm making a little baby, I quit the M.S. Yeah, yeah, yeah Mr. Julie, Andy, yelling as always Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Now, Rudy, did you hear about this one Where she stuck her bill with a punch Rudy, what would you say to clint in pain lately Are you screwing munch? If you believe, Hillary clint in your bill Man, are you true? If you believe, to miss that dinner per se Think you're before you Barnet cut, Barnet cut What the president please Barnet cut Barnet cut with your performance on your knees So, what's he standing or did he sit? Did you swallow or did you spit? Did he tissue a number to wait down line? Marka Monica, you look okay Come head to the other ones, those guys have Your conversations with him on the phone Providing can start with a stiff or required Or invest a gay shunt Barnet cut Barnet cut What's a nice Jewish girl like you Or Barnet cut Barnet cut Waring a dress with president do you Did you feel silly? And were you surprised to find that really? Was on circumstance with the goreno jeans And a tiny scrote on a comonacon On a comonacon On a comonacon And a comonacon A comonacon All you're fine So like All the heart burns You don't don't Every time I see You don't don't don't don't Every time I see Every time I see Every time I see Excuse president come Frasited I take you ladieshytty I don't fight They want just never 1990 to get pushed down For you With president dum across the Republican All you are beside I get too And both of I'm One small and get to we all hold it home One, here you are best Come on, though, lift, strumming, stop it Come on, pull, pull, come on, lift, strum Get rich, get it Come on, don't leave me, see that Lumber than me, please, President, You're no care what it's all You got him in by hook or throw up for the Christian All in no business you and I But help the other, we're not a great leader here With President, don't be stupid President, don't be stupid President, don't be stupid President, don't be stupid Come on, come on, come on This is for sure you'll buy 60s You're no longer a human way Stop! If your tooth-based doesn't taste great, your kids don't brush long enough Which could lead to ugly tartar buildup The solution? Regular checkups and brushing with new crust The tartar control tooth-based lays with crack cocaine Hey, son, almost got in there Washing get the fushing Crust is not only clinically proven, it's also highly addictive So your kids will brush and brush and brush And brush and brush and brush Come on, Billy, it's been 45 minutes Fushing, fushing If you're not careful, you're going to wear those teeth Down to little loveys Oh god, no! Brush, son I'm also a crust Hook your kids and I help you have it for life Brushing with new crust with crack cocaine Sure, I'm going to be late for work now It's good to see billing brushing Get out of the man, this is a carjacking Billy, what are you doing? I said out! Billy, what are you doing? Got to go a car to get more crust You crust toothpaste, lays with crack cocaine Recommended by nine out of ten drug addicts Back down, back down, back down Back down, back down The world is ours, that's little boy Get finished anyone The statue is down, to dumbest gun And now every corner has a shabber run back down Most of them are dead back down Shocked quarters in the head back down Make that oil flow, we get that price of gas down low We're giving him a taste of the vodka seed With the crack drip barrel in an apple's piece back down The corporate war is one back down We only jump each gun back down The world is ours, you know I'll have a bag of deep fried kitty chose to go Just like the veggies in one more tune There was a whole lot of art for the brass of food Back down, grab everything you get back down They won't be doing that again, back down Hey, we want two words And you know what the rattle is for You want some water, we'll now waste ours We'll sell you a bottle for a nominal chart back down We've got the stock in Dex back down I ran this gun to be back back down Now, Bush is done Daddy's little boy, get to anything he wants Daddy's little boy, get to anything he wants Daddy's little boy, get to anything he wants Back down Back down Back down Oh, we're all working, my little dummy My little dummy, my little dummy Baby she's the FG It's like a KL MN, oh, B Oh, three more drinks, oh Let it all start I want to wonder where you are more Jack and Jill, when the buggy To friendship be a love Oh, oh, true With two kids in a dog, it's so hard keeping my carpet clean Well, not anymore Introducing the new carpet muncher vacuum system Carpet muncher, I've never had my carpet munched before Unlike conventional vacuumes that only suck up dirt A carpet muncher sucks and munches your carpet Making sure it's as clean as can be In fact, the carpet muncher system is so easy to use You'll want some munch carpet every day Wow, I never knew carpet munchin could be so much fun Maybe my friend soon will let me munch her carpet soon I bet she will So don't let dirty carpets get you down Just be a carpet muncher The carpet muncher vacuum system Because a happy carpet muncher Happy carpet muncher There's there was twister Then, don't say he's peaked Volcano And now another truly disaster movie is coming to theaters But quite This disaster takes place after a Catholic family of eight This is a Taco Bell in their family ban And this disaster changes their lives forever Ah, bro Ah, that's quite It's a shocked that's got to rock movie theaters across America this summer But quite Rate and PG pretty gross This smell alone, Kikillia No middle Eastern world Will be exploded So don't let people go With the gas that we sold him First time a grister nation And the only one that's going Now more blood will be spilled To get that oil flowing Forget about Korea And the nooks there towed to NASA Right queen is drilling it over and over And to art it That Iraq has some And this is a past destruction Three thousand people killed Are now forgotten Let's exploit them instead Eight there's oil to be caught And going after some time to Plank Kdo's summer There's no longer mention of Her name is lot is much no And see if concerned all A fee and complacent Believe in every word of this Partial administration That control this by fear Through media manipulation As a right queen Is drilling it over and over And to our heads That Iraq has some Weapons of mass destruction The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying We're all suspects now Not the ass dropped this thing I have nothing to hide Table talkers all are saying I know idiot cattle don't ask And he is a vision Paladin proof of Babylon World annihilation Old regime must fall And Haliburgeon himself With no objection at all Till the crack known how the fall And the right queen Is drilling it over And to our heads Iraq has some Weapons of mass destruction Only Iraq has some Weapons of mass destruction I ride by The rush is shown I'm finally showing you a way I'm a fat Jew I want to make out you something my crowd Mick friend I'm a fat Jew