Oh, what's your plan? When I'm watching bats, be ball on TV. What man is annoying me? Yet he words a thought since tickle me. And when someone goes baseline, He starts screaming things so easily. Scratching like a betchee, tickle me. Tickle me, tickle me, tickle me, tickle me, Yeah, tickle me, he should shut his bottle, tickle me. When he is all kind, The plan promised that he'd find me When in this dark front, tickle me, And everything is awesome, And everyone says, be to be, Will she keep his traction, tickle me, Tickle me, tickle me, tickle me, tickle me, Tickle me, yeah, tickle me, oh, Give me me a headache, tickle me, tickle me, Tickle me, tickle me, tickle me, tickle me, Yeah, tickle me, he should shut his bottle, And he's annoying me. Here's an example of your put somebody in the room, I'm leaving away the way 9 p.v. A whole bunch of videos will say, He's really great, 9 19, At 5.60 WQAM, you know, We have so much crap, I don't even know where to begin. That's not one. Huh? I'll look you to it just relax about the facts. We'll get to the facts just like Jack Webb. Or we have all these calls, But we don't really need any. Here's Miami, hello. Miami? Oh, a very good morning. Back to you. I'm sorry, I wasn't able to catch on with your program yesterday. Morning, I finally got to work and had to get out of the car. Yeah, I was tempted through the tools by 2010 on that list. No, I would have been a good one. Oh, okay. And even though this one is actually a commercial sound, It was a commercial, It was the screechy BINC or the flounder plundery About two years ago, It can't lead away from the flounder lottery for six months. You don't have a nice day. I'm back to you. I guess what we're going to do is pick up for the... Apparently. You know what? I don't care. I don't care. Whatever makes them happy. That's how job he has to entertain the masses out there. Make them happy. Now, here's a facts from a chronic, a facts from West Palm, who loves me like crazy by the way. Oh, good. We like him a lot. Anybody at sucks around? Especially if they suck real good. This is a tuned into mole for a little bit this morning. Heard his. Percy like comedy routine. But the funniest part was moments before. Nearly a son of his that his trigger finger is really jumping. I heard that. A collar I heard that. A collar called under the deep poison said, Gordy, what do you think about the King's chances tonight? And right away, Mo went click and cut him off. Gordy then said he was asking about Miami's basketball game. Did I have the biggest tournament? It was hysterical. Mo begged for the guy to call back and got to give out the number about three times. He's a nervous fellow with this. He should be. But he must have seen that article by Greg Reed with very jackass. What was that? It was a mistake. I didn't mean to do that. Yeah. I heard that. Yeah. That was very amusing. Yeah. In addition to which, I mean, why is he begging the other guy to call back with that desperate for calls? Yeah. Come on. I mean, what's it all about, Mo? Who gives a crap about that? God. Boach up a little bit. You silly old man. And I probably do have pants that are older than the beast. And older than Robert Greifer. But well, you're not going to get the beast laid. I'll tell you that right now. If you would start at the Helen Keller School for the blind. Hey, that's a good idea. You. But there you go. Leave it to me. So I've got a really interesting question speaking of the beast. Yeah. Now, I'm thinking if you could find a woman. I'm not going to say, okay, a woman of any of you. I'm going to say, okay, a woman who looks basically like him. Oh, would he have sex with her? Do you see what I'm saying? In other words, you had no, seriously. Listen to me. Yeah. Because I'm asking myself the same question. What I have sex with somebody who looks like me, other than what my self. Of course. And the answer is obviously no chance. No way. Right? Right. Would Carlos have, well, I mean, I'm not a big city. I don't even know what they are. I mean, he's of indeterminate origin. Is he a follower of a sand? Yeah. No, that's a very good part. Huh? I'll ask him. I mean, for example, would have you think Hank would have sex with a woman who looks just like him? No, no chance. He knows better. Huh? Seriously, stop and think about that. I think it's a magnificent point. No, it's like that. I think that's a great point. I think that's a great point. So, I think that's a great point. If you're going to be a little bit more successful, would have sex with somebody. I'm talking about people I want to go screw around. I'm talking about half of the married people. Yeah. Yeah. Happy horseback. George. I thought that all that age. I would have wanted to applaud that would have me as a member. In other words, if you're a big fat grotesque, smelly ugly guy, would you have sex with a big fat smelly ugly woman? Now, we do have somebody in the building. I'm not going to mention his name on a year, but it would be a very poor taste. He would never. In fact, he is whole family is big and fat. It's the a fat family. So I guess that answers that question. Maybe once upon a time, nobody in a family was fat. I think when the kids were born, they probably weighed about 60 pounds. And that family. I'm not saying which one I'm talking about. Right. Yeah. And where is my mattress, fat boy? Is your talks a good game? You know, is he models around on a walker? He's graduated to a cane now. All right. Let's hear it for a fat boy. Is he going to be down there? I don't see him on your list. He's always there to raise your island. He ought to be on this celebrity list. Oh. Here is the West Palm Beach. Hello. West Palm is gone. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Good morning, Newster. Hey, I just passed your billboard on commercial just about a quarter of a mile less at 95. Right. Big and beautiful and clean. Excellent. I've been carpooling with a friend of mine. I can tell that's a couple of days to save my ass and he forced me to listen to that lunatic Randy Rhodes. Oh, NO! No! No! For your fans, you, what did you want, Wendy? What a radio accident out there. A lunatic. Yeah. If you disagree with her, that she could be one cut one. No, no, no! Yeah. All of a sudden she's become a big expert on the middle east and the middle east and the and we're over fear she's a maven now Pida, Pida, Pida She knows it all MAAA MAAA Pida, Pida Okay she's there for people here You're not old enough to listen to Randy Rose Okay next time your friend turns it on Say when you get to be 100 then you can listen Okay I'll probably hear it Okay Thank you Pida MAAA Pida I tell you one thing she's never seen Pida Anyway Five six Huh? We've always technicalored George Right, right, we've got a hurry along here Man we haven't even given up today's pool yet Right, they're still catching up on the yesterdays pool And we will be given all the billboard locations several times That's a good idea, Mo That's a very good idea Oh several things though I got to get to Including the thing about these stupid thing about freedom, fries, on sale Oh god The House of Representatives Show the flag and pass the ketchup As order of the day yesterday in the House of Caputiers Lawmakers struck a lunchtime blow against the French And put freedom fries on a menu Oh my god Yeah exactly And for breakfast now they'll have freedom toast Mmmmmmmm Oh boy Update Now serving in all House building's freedom fries Redisond that we publish in representatives Bob Naye of Ohio Like the Dutch say Naye And welded Jones and North Carolina placed at the register And the long-worth office building food court Jones city was inspired by Cubby's restaurant And both were North Carolina and his district One of the first to put freedom fries on menus that are french fries And then we had that asshole, uh, Juva congressman And that, nothing, what is he? Um, come a commissioner, counter commissioner And Palm Beach County Yeah, try to do the same thing Oh my god What a Juvenile bunch of crap I mean don't we already look bad enough But to the world, we're not acting like how much are overgrown children I thought we were freedom fries And how about a freedom kiss Uh, yeah, in fact we're going to be a lot of freedom kissing At the Trish Rylem tonight Also, Israel monitor intercept order War starting on March 18, so they say The US military has been ordered to launch a war against Iraq on March 18 And Israeli official said they televised report Israeli government monitor Michael Gurdis reported late yesterday That the order was relayed by US central command to all American forces in the Persian Gulf Gurdis told Israel's channel to TV that he heard the order being relayed US fighter jet pilots And others of US military radio communications he intercepted He's regretted as the leading communications monitor in the Middle East And works for Israeli radio and TV He's broken numerous stories because of his ability to intercept and understand Foreign language civilian radio broadcast and communications He said the US military and its radio communications refers to Iraq as Bad cows and kabab Middle East news magazine reported Maybe we're going to go over there and skewer him And by the way look out for La Bomba I'll do a big one they dropped an eggland air force base yesterday Last thing I heard Pensacola has they're not finding it on the map anymore 927 at 560 and if they'd like Carlos S. before the show He said what's the next one going to be that's even bigger than the mother of all bombs could it be the MFOAB? Could be something to think about young say Randy 927 at 560 WQA if you're still very nervous about ordering a bed over the phone If you want to see it and touch it and feel it, forget about that Over a million people have done the smart thing like me They bought a mattress or with a phone from dial the mattress And hundreds more are doing it every week because they finally caught on You know dial a mattress we talk about and maybe down the program Nothing's got a bigger impact on your life each and every day than the quality of sleep you get the night before So call 1-800 mattress right now and you'll have a great night sleep guarantee from these folks Because they've got all the top makers in the universe They got cili and certissimins and key core every size and style Dial a mattress is right number one a customer satisfaction in the universe Dial a mattress has more repeat and referral customers than anybody Because they know how to treat their customers right And once you buy a mattress from dial a mattress you'll never go back to the old fashion way In a show where I'm slotted around comparison shopping wasting time money again And don't forget when you do buy your mattress and dial a mattress They'll set up the brand new one and take away that crappy old smelly bedding for free Let me say it again. They take away the smelly old worn out bedding and set up your brand new beautiful one Absolutely free. So make the call now to dial a mattress and you're a great night sleep 1-800-MATT-RES that's what I'm gonna call 1-800-MATFers for dial a mattress The easiest the smartest possible way to buy you a great new bed 2-BED You fudge pack and most people are unaware that they have seven to ten pounds of compressed human waste packed in their bowels You have feces hard pack in your bowels right now Pounds and pounds of greasy filthy dunk tightly packs snuggly inside your body Your intestines are lined with grease, mucus, undi-justed beef fat, hair, oil and a cheesy substance known as skin broth Until now there was nothing that could be done, introducing be clean An all-natural supplement that will within three days Have you defecating your stale sour musty tar-like ropes of manure Making you feel lighter and healthier than you have in years Call this toll free number now for a free video and see for yourself an actual patient Let loose his slippery repugnant wall of bowels sludge in the comfort of your own home Call today All right 932-560-0s that separated between the breakfast and lunch Yeah, but yesterday right in the middle or so we don't make anybody upset before lunch Well, let's call us by waiting a very long time which is always a very telltale sign You know what I'm saying here's Miami hello Okay sir, I ordered the book Michael Moore already I'm waiting for it to come right excellent So I'm gonna read all the stuff that's in it Also you read the Miami Harold on Sunday I don't know you don't you don't get the little Millette rapper head of story on there about how These Nazis are trying to catch all the people that are illegally downloading music of stuff Yeah, and what they're going to do I'm not sure if they're gonna do it or not is they're gonna put up themselves music on those sites And when you click on it to download it they'll get your IP address go to your internet provider like AOL and all these other people and get your name and address out of there Here that call she better cut it out Yeah, I mean not going on is a box at under the upper path Hey, you got it. What you guys are talking about man. Yeah, he is no clue what I'm sure about Thanks for the oil. Yeah, as soon as I'm hoping I'm getting one of the books I hope you get about a half a dozen and I'll put your name all over the listen to your 24th seven my friend. Thank you sir. No problem. See you There you go. We need about a million like him. Yeah, what are we going to do get those ratings back up George? Oh my god. See if I was Mo I'd be not worried about my ratings or hangs or man or anybody else I'd be worried about the February trend myself. See I mean ours is going to be terrible because we know that we're losing the big November And it's going to be I'm not making excuses. We know it's going to be pretty weak, but in his case He has you know, he's got to live up to like two good months in a row And that's just one month out of the blue that you know like an aberrations to him. Same He's going to need a big February. So I get that shit ready sharpened up real good if I were you just in case okay Well, where did that come from? Why is he resurrected that? That's the second time this man I heard that right? And he was my little man yesterday knife and being the backstabber. I guess he's he's gone the whole game at a very Everybody else on the staff in the one year So now we're like back to the beginning guys you with you with the first one that he started with and now I guess Doreen may have been the last one that had ripped an ass yet So now we're all the way back to the beginning and now he's going to go after your ass again See you better watch yourself mister I'll watch my back because when he drops the bomb It's gonna make that mother look like crap man. Gonna make her look like grandma It's gonna be one mother. Moan, uh, maybe that's what that stands for. Moa of all bombs, huh? Here's our pull question today Who do you end this is somebody again? We we always endure when they've facts in good polls This is the second one. I think the last couple of weeks. Who do you think will be the next celebrity to die? Let's you know, it's kind of interesting. It's just speculation. We're not putting a hex on anybody Although it would be kind of a bad taste if we have somebody on this list and like by tomorrow morning Oh my god, you'll never guess who croaked you know now that would be bad right Who do you think will be the next celebrity to die and here's my shirtless so far the the facts your head most of these don't I miss Of course my question there would be how could you tell He Ronald Reagan Jerry Lewis Bob Hope Katherine Hepburn which I didn't realize she was still alive, but now that we know that she's got to be right on the edge Yeah, and on his board nine Which also we checked out and found out that he's still alive at age of 142 and so there's the shortlist now See the clones are always turned to ring the guys and then of course if you want to put me on there That's okay because I think you got a shot, you know after that stroke and after working for these people I guess I'll put myself on there. Why not you're spring chicken? We're not talking about age we're talking about people are not in the best of health necessarily and old and maybe on the edge edge of death Oh and last night on smallville now they'll repeat You see it? No, I saw that it was a repeat. I have verded it, but it was the good one where he had the red rocks where he got his rocks red Oh, David and became real horny and then he was kissing and the friend of a freedom kissing Lana I was that French kissing he was getting kissing on don't say that and then at the end judge later had to take that big huge Malat and then I walked that red Thing the red rock. Yeah, good thing he didn't try to block it with the other hand. Yeah, that would have been a waste of time He just he just very Cooperatively right right hand out there whichever hand it was and there you go just bust my thing and bust my ring and But I'm being in a whole thing fellow part and Clark came back to life Everybody was hugging him and squeezing him. I'll tell you that that that scene of him there at the end We're sitting there at the table real close-up. Why just it made me want to cry? You want to know why I wanted to cry? I know why because he was so far away Anyway, so here's this facts of a letter that was sent to a great read general manager of WQAM And of course it's unsigned Greg passed it along to me yesterday Of course my first impression was just like yours, but then after talking to the muff myster muff always has to be like Greg's agent You know he's always got to be the buffer You know what that's like he's got to be the buffer the interceptor so anyway he explained to me what this was all about this was sent as as good comic material Which it was nice go on Greg And by the way Def also told me to pass a message along to George which I'm sure you already know right H-you yeah, but anyway, so here's the letter Dear Mr. Reed As a longtime listener of your radio station it is with the pre-grit that I'm compelled to inform you That I've had it with any a Roger show or shall I say the Neil and George show? Let there be no doubt that Neil is a great talent. He is bright funny, articulate entertaining, etc What makes him so good is that he's totally unpredictable I used to find myself trying to anticipate his next line Notice that I said use to because I just can't listen anymore The reason is quite simple that I'm not just producer of his poor-haired George Rodriguez He's got to spell both ways. I respect for that way and wait what did he hear the dates that he mentions in here And then start thinking put on your thinking cap and think of the week that this was and what was going on that week All right, I respectfully request that you listen to the tapes of the week of February 24 to 20 It is especially the 10 to 11 hour which is when I used to listen Rodriguez took over the show for our practical purposes to borrow a line from Neil Rodriguez's is funny is a bleeding hemorrhide Well, that's right. He's as predictable as an afternoon thunderstorm during the summer and south Florida sounds gay and adds absolutely nothing to the show The he will say got it and he'll respond got it. Ha ha Need I go on? I think not it's too bad but I just can't take it any longer goes without saying that when Neil retires That I hope and pray that you don't even consider this no talent asshole for a permanent position Please let Neil know how I feel. I'm sure that a great portion of his listeners feel the same way except that they don't take the time to Express their views. I'll come back as soon as George is gone in the meantime I'll continue to listen to the rest of your host by the way is George likes to see Adnauseum and I favorite host is Ed Kaplan Good luck. You'll need it signed an exlister than the Rogers show No name even Yeah, now if you put those dates in your mind for board 24 to 28 when you had the stroke and you were out No, no, that was February about the 10 though This is when I already came up here and remember I did the first week and I was getting a little bit better every day And then on at Saturday night I didn't have the heat turned on high enough and I woke up Monday morning and say you would note on the 24th Which is the week he's talking about that I wasn't gonna be on that day And you would even expect me to be on I could barely talk I had sore throat bad head cold the whole deal was 100 below zero here And all of that week at the trooper that I am I showed up and Squeaked my way through but again, dependent on you to carry the show because it would thank goodness that George was there because I could barely talk With a with a raw nasty throat like a piece of liver Right, and here's this miserable nasty son of a bitch this obnoxious piece of third Pickstead oh, it's that week George took over to show thank God he took over to show cuz I could barely talk You nasty asshole of you. Hey, I offered to call Ripper up and get in and this type writing in fact I'm gonna fetch you a copy of this during the break. I so you can see the typing because it looks very very very very Femedia, okay another one of our antagonists out there who's listening right now Who listens every minute of every goddamn day, but let me say it again that was the week how amusing it is that he picks up That George basically had to take over to show a lot of part because Neil was sick as a dog, okay? Lucky didn't know that Now he didn't know these two goddamn stupid spewing his venom and try to sharpen at knife for you I would be surprised if he said it, you know what? A lot of his one of his boyfriends. Well, it sounds like the mole myster to me. Come in one of his cohorts Any crap. Let me just tell you right now any crap that happens Even an iractor saying this to any crap that happened don't blame W at blame mole See what I'm saying if you should get hit by a bolt of light that that's right if something happens if you have a hang nail If you pop a bad hemorrhoid whatever it is that happens mole and there's a good reason to suspect based on his behavior of the last year He might have his finger in it somewhere back to them. That's right. That's my personal feeling 942 at 560 W to cum to let me forget to fact you that to leather Okay, now you're supposed to say to see the guys right you're supposed to say be sure to fact me that letter in the break Be sure to fact to late Hey all you guys out there size makes a big big difference And we're talking again for the eight million times because Todd rec refuses to send a same thing new about your paycheck and According to the Florida Department of Labor computer professionals have got really big Paychecks, you know Todd rec I said you one thing is you got to get say humongous paycheck Everybody in the building knows that and what is he doing nothing? Zero he writes orders. I don't think even talks to the people he just writes sliders According to the state of Florida computer careers among the highest paid and highest demand and going up every day to demand form And so why not get out of your dead end job and start making some serious cash fast rank it up You achieve that new high-pand computer career in just four short easy months and because they're all over town There's body to be one convenient close to by where you are fast trains got locations in candle mining for Lutterville and now in Pemberg Pines and they've got the evening weekend schedules to so no more excuses to stay in a miserable minimum wage paying crappy job Working for some real smuck call fast trade today and get all the information and get a real paycheck coming in call 1 866 fast train That's 866 fast train a good full-time job placement guaranteed financing waiting for you to check them out of the web If you like a fast train dot com or get yourself a big one by calling 1 866 fast train Catch you again See you on the fly I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna go down tight I can keep drinking Irish through all night Next morning, something's not quite right Something feels on your side of me home But be one screen and soul is nothing Stay there in the bathroom, making me want to I went to the doctor to see what the men are The express code that I got on a green river All these hours So down the padded bars, spent the day away Free my shelter, the pair of dogs I know it was a girl's breakfast But I got no wish to remain sober My little girl keeps drinking a whole red and it got real liver I'm gonna go down the padded bars Because I'm such a nice guy we invited Motor come on and he's a little bit jealous We got all those billboards up He's got one and we invited him Come on a show and give the location of his billboard I die, I come on more you can do better night I die 948 at 560 WQAM All these facts is just pointy You got that facts right? Yeah, yeah, I got it That is not looking familiar? I'm gonna find it. I think it does look familiar Those real, I'm making me This is a we need child outcomes and a mismarple on this one Here's the fact that says, he'll be the next celebrity to die And it says, oh no, I see this is in bad taste Because it says hopefully Not who would you like to see croak But as long as I put me on, they will put more one or two Okay, I don't want any of these people to die We want them all to live forever Anybody believe George? No, no, we can hear you sharpening up your knife And for Lancaster is still alive, I don't think so Yeah, he is? I'm pretty sure Get outta here, for Lancaster I mean you got me on a couple of those other ones like Catherine Hepburn For Lancaster can't possibly still be alive I'm pretty sure he's still alive No, he's not, he was doing all those things on TV Where he was like sitting and doing his one man show And mumbling about politics and this and that And he, I'm sure he's dead Also, more in our hair I can't be alive I'm looking at him up Look both of those up Now here's an excellent one Johnny Cash Absolutely, I already wrote it down He in fact, Rick from Tampa is his Johnny Cash And it always looks like he's got both feet in the Rick And another one perfect one, how could we not have gotten already It's just amazing to me how stupid I sometimes am And the reason I saw him, I remember it because I saw his promo on CNN During the break, yeah, let me give you a clue Oh, of course Larry King, I got a call I got a call He looks like he's right on the edge, you know? In fact, you'll notice now he's so hunchback that he's almost going to follow Over the edge of the table now when he's interviewing these zests He's like hunched right over to the edge of the table One of these days is just going to fall right over Maybe he has Rickets What about art link letter? Nobody, nobody, nobody remembers who the hell he is Except for Volca Brian Do I put him on? Why not? I guess why not? I got a couple You do? Trouises? Yeah? Trouton has to Oh, not that bad, it's so insuance Bad taste you're going to get all the way He loves that Trouton has to And just because of recent health problems, Jerry Lewis He's on there already Oh, wait, they're dead George is worse than the caller He, I was just going to say that You're getting worse than these caller Oh, hi, could you put the Macarena on that list? And speaking of yesterday's poll There's no still vote on yesterday with the songs Yeah We could have dragged that out for days Why didn't you tell me about that Did you find about Bertline Castor Marina Harry yet? Yep, Bertline Castor is dead He thought it was a totally dead He's dead Oh, but Marina Harry is alive No Yep She's got to be He's dead Yeah, he's dead And she's alive Well, one out of two ain't bad In fact, they hit around a biography last night Marino Harry has funny somebody should mention that But I didn't watch it because I don't really give a flying crab About Marino Harry You know, she's a little pre-my era Marino Harry But let's put her on there Marino Harry Don't be putting a Francis over here On there he's already dead You know Francis over here No I'm about Walter Castoonier Who? Just a joke Anyway, I think the most annoying song of all time It says is the one by Lee Greenwood proud to be an American That song makes me want a puke It said it was good propaganda during the Gulf War But those days are gone I wish the song was as well Congratulations to me my wife and I had a son on Monday We're going to name him Neil The difference is right at the hospital When the last stage of the day Congratulations, Pally And yes, Pally I got your facts to a fat boy You see that thing about the story about his friend Neighbor Dave No Which I'm not going to read on the answer I don't I'm not giving that guy any publicity Okay, and the fact that fat boy was out eating dinner Somewhere with somebody Recently just you know Oh, in fact he's a celebrity Fat boy Yeah, Jeff high I said that earlier Jeff high And in parentheses, fat boy Since we're putting local celebrities Two is far as on a station, you know I mean if I'm good enough to be on her and mode and why not fat boy Don't I miss Robert Reagan Jerry Lewis who do you think will be the next celebrity to die The death watch Bob Hope Catherine Hepburn Ernest Ward 9 Neil Rogers, Larry King, Johnny Cash, Mohour David Art Link letter Troutin Heston, Marino Hera or Jeff high aka Pat boy Well since we're doing people in the building We've got a lot of fat people in the building The mic belong on you They have a most of the fat people in the building Aren't old enough to be that ready I mean I realized that isn't always a You know criterion but How about you think Well why do you want to put Hank on it? It's so odd okay How about the shuddy to guess what he had Hank I think there's something going on that we don't know about The Shah Hud took George I took a shuddy Hank Well by accident, I think he would pick it up manage Oh yeah, that's right about him Making some comment about Grace Kelly Yeah, no, I was confused Yeah, you were very confused You're just way off this week I'm gonna read that fact again and start a green with it I think I can make some really good points That lengthy facts that I read before In fact reading it again will kill some really good time 953 567 560 pound 560 on the AT&T Don't forget it's Wednesday means our big noon to one hour Scum of all comedy bits Which we will take we question that by the way by I noticed that they've been very kind and generally once in a while We can somebody will facts one in here and there And that's okay because I think I usually use very good defy S. Me Georgeman Here's Opa Lackey hello Hey Neil, how are you doing? Great I got a couple suggestions for your poll Okay Not that hope it doesn't happen because I like it But I think it's like 86 who's riding a dangerous field Okay, he's on the edge And How about Does people like the thumb up then laden We can say that No, no, no, he's not a celebrity He's just a scumbag now Okay, then I was gonna think Charlie Cash So I guess that's it then Okay, so thank you one out of three and bad Or two out of three, whatever you got Roddy Dangerfield I remember the story in the attack Lloyds when we were doing tabloids Tuesday some time back But how he was smoking up big fat ones in a hospital But he was in there from right on the edge He was right on the edge of death And he was smoking big fat ones He's a pit Five six and fact I told you that time at the MGM granted Vegas when I saw him in a In a little cart You know there's little carts like golf carts They had that you drive around whip around real fast They hit him on one of those And they let him use because I guess just Nor did not to be bothered by people And he was just whipping up and on the whole ways and up But to the elevator and whatever else That was him Yeah, I got a question And you're not impressed Yes, no, is the popos celebrity I Would say so I would say so I would say he's a major celebrity And oh, and you know, I actually even liked that suggestion he had Give us a lot of 72 hours to cut the crap to go into a asylum I thought that was a pretty good plan they had At the back of can Yeah, but he won't do that And then they also said the Swiss guard Our little old and they pop said that if you also promise to send all the Cute young your rackies here for alterbore work Remember that? No Wasn't that part of the deal? He had 72 hours to go into a asylum And also put the pope and his followers into a asylum I think it was like that No, it sure is how beat this crazy war That W is getting ready to whip up here now And a public is just you know, it's interesting You look at the poles and I don't want to even get into this thing Cause what's the point? But you watch the poles around the rest of the world And almost every goddamn country 80, 90% and a poles are going more and more That direction this is there's no need for work this time Or racket had nothing to do with 9-11 And in this country now because the public is so easily led Oh, they're getting impatient with the UN And we got to go in there we got to do this And he gasped his own people and he, oh, please Talk about monkey sea monkey do talk about a bunch of Limings How fast can we jump over that cliff? You know, just tell us how fast a jump that we'll give it our best shot God You can never complain about the intelligence that he American public I'd like collectively because it's scary It's a scary 9-50, how did I get on to that? When we're having such a nice, wonderful time talking about dead people 4 minutes till 10 to QM now, what's on the agenda? They know ball games and crap I sure hope Not to later on Mad dogs on at one, thanks on 3-7, a whole four hours in a studio Where you can defend himself against your, uh, interpret comments Chico, Panther people with 7 because the Panthers host them I feel like Canadians at the Macarota 730 night Eddie K from GA after the hockey game in Jolmarco overnight Nice pristine schedule with the hockey game thrown in between Dougie Gilmore and Phil Howesley would at least now what he's saying Oh And I'll say that we're bringing back Tim Horton and Alan Stanley Hey homeowners out there's anything worth inventoring out of the backyard to get a nice refreshing swim and a hot selfie software today Looking at that once beautiful pristine pool of yours and saying Holy crap Oh my god What the hell happened here? It's stained, it's dirty, it might be cracking and the pool too But you don't have to look at that messy more just say no mole ugly pool And call our good pyzons at Atlantic Marseille These guys are a couple of pool guys who sitting there pick up truck when our cleaning service They're real construction company using full time employees Not subcontractors Atlantic Marseille specialise in a most incredible innovation If the pool business diamond bright Atlantic Marseille's been pouring it on and doing it right for 12 years Now their license and insured professionals and they even train other companies Internationally how to do diamond brightening right and they'll give you the same price They give the contractors how can you beat that? They're in North Miami, Browdon Palm Beach so called Atlantic Marseille They're the biggest installers of diamond bright anywhere in South Florida They'll be happy to come to you and give you a free estimate And they also do a super job of pool and deck renovations Custom lighting pool heating and exotic water features too for the very best job called Atlantic Marseille 1-800-558-8883 That's 1-800-558-8883 Diamond bright do it right because diamond brights a pool's best friend Lysbide and local here's 4-20-5-60-U.A.M These are American music icon The original country punk and now he's reaching across the Atlantic to pay tribute to England's greatest punk band It's the best of Johnny Clash The show's a wave don't like it Walk in the Casbah The man in black is back on track with a very special version of train and fame To stand by me though not at all They just stand by me No way Yes London's calling and they're saying hello to the best of Johnny Clash If I go there will be trouble And if I stay it will be double Hello this is Johnny Clash And I shot this commercial in Reno just to watch you buy my brand new record So you got to let me know Should I stay or should I go the best of Johnny Clash Look for it in the combat country section of your local record store Hey Johnny Bye bye bye He's on a way on And he's taking long road home in order to say Yeah The slow long road home I hear that train coming Paul Harvey's got to be on his way out Says Dan and we got him on there And Carlos I think we can add some others because I know to see her voice are pouring in on her But we only got like five names the original four or five or six whatever I want to be pushy I already sent the last group to Eric who's sick by the way So Yeah I feel better Eric but get with it I emailed on the last group at the beginning of the break So feel a lot better. We'll soon Eric but get with it. No excuses. Okay. No slack and off Anyway, let's see a Hank old bird Rodney danger field the Pope David Brinkley somebody while somebody headed on here They didn't know the name the news guy who just about burned up in his house for David Brinkley's 82 And he's vid ridden and he's in Lala land. I guess he's got Alzheimer's Okay, very sad But the first the first inkling we had about David was when his eyeballs started falling out of their sockets right on ABC news Of course you never watched that show this week with David Brinkley. No, I'm gonna start it spell on a W E A K you knew that there was real service there I'm serious and he probably still I still think he ate too much of that the phony food that they make at Archer Daniels, Midland So anyway David Brinkley is on air Robert Blake somebody says which is a very good did you see him at all if you've been watching the hearings a little bit My god, he looks like he's undergoing chemo and he's in bed Oh, he's hairy like a skin head now he's in band shape and just because of that miserable bitch I'm on your side on that now. I don't agree with too much you say because usually wrong, but on this one I think you're right on top of it That bitch had to come in We ought to give him a gold medal a purple star now golden a purple jelly bean for at least a bottle of shoe polish How much are you wishing you're on that's ready already die bottle of shoe polish yet I do the runny ragan on that here for it's not gonna look good if this thing goes to traveling has to be in court looking like that Oh, okay, let's see the I'll read the whole list on I'm a Ronald Reagan's a reluys Bob Hope Catherine Hepburner is work nine the arroggies Larry King Johnny Cash, Mohory David our link letter Charlton has to in marino a hera. Oh, that's right been wrote down. They put marino a hera not over here. God isn't it? Yeah, Jeff high a KF at boy Hank Goldberg Rodney danger field the Pope David wrinkly Robert Blake and Paul Harvey. I was this pull a little bit insensitive No, I'm just saying that because somebody will certainly call and say nah you've lost touch with your are we're not hoping for anybody to die. We wish everybody would live forever. We'll almost everybody But it just it just happens these dirt naps come along and it's just one of those things Five six it's just as inevitable as Greg we're gonna make another screw up in our lineup on these days It's a matter of fact. I'm always talking about one way that we could like help my ratings again He's talking about the billboards. I got another better way. You know how to do that. How with a great lead in Here's sunny aisles. Hello, hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I got two for you. Okay, but You know what a George is great you are great and and everyone all the problems with all this this ridiculous problem was what well I mean I mean the people are complaining about George he's great people are always complaining about everything Mr nature of men's and is for the business especially in South Florida. I don't say it's an nature of the beast He's got no problems. I'm gonna bag a job ready No, but what about Billy Graham? Oh, yeah, he's hanging on He is I mean he just told us on the other night if I was him. I'd be saying a lot of extra players, you know And how about the last of the rat pack? Joey Bishop there you go. Is he still alive? I guess he yes he's 86 He's hanging in there. He's hanging by us red. Okay. Thanks, pali. All right. Thanks, Bill. Have a great life Joey Bishop and Billy Graham two great choices there. I mean, you know and then I wish we had a prize Wouldn't that be great if I'm well see that would not be good. You know, of course if I croaked you don't be given I don't know prizes for that. But when we something like take up an office pool people speculate on these things all the time I'm sure five six seven 0 5 60 pound five 60 on the AT and the early running Bob hope And Ronnie Reagan are pulling away, but that's it. That's still only was first few on there I'm 97 votes already, but Eric once he gets out of bed and you're going to take some nice to sip of your tea And crawl so it is computer. Who get these other ones on there? I'm sure aren't you sure Carlos? Yeah, Bob hope 53 Ronald Reagan 31 which, who do you think will be the next celebrity? And what would say celebrity just a famous person? You know, and that to be like a movie star the Pope ain't no movie star need or my Bob hope 53 Ronald Reagan 31 Jerry Louis seven that I'm as five cathartepper one Ernest Bordinine and the rest of Worcester were still hanging here in suspense waiting For the other ones to go up on the list see it's not very exciting when there's a list of only three six six seven names I don't understand it's not very uh, syntholating. It's not titillating if I can say that can I say it? Oh, so anyway the locations of our billboards are We got formed by the way, Mom. We got four billboards because it realized that they only did at least that for instance screw it up my time since you're a dottering old man I think he was involved he was up his sleeve that fact Sharp it up your our ship man get a real nice and sharp like a spear like a sword Here's a lady in Miami Beach hello Hello, yes, man. Okay, okay, I hope I hope you're rating my friend told me about him. It's my first 10 listening Yeah, I'm already hooked but I'd like to add to the list Oh, right Marlon Brando Marlon Brando and by the way, he was on the front of it. Did you see the tabloid where they see these like 380 pounds? Yeah, poor guy. I mean, I don't mean to have some rain things, but I think he's right on the edge. He might just blow up. He might just burst Yeah, that's a lot of stuff. Thanks a lot sweet. I have a great day. All right, you can welcome. Okay, there's a new list of that's to this way Oh, of course, then we have the extra listed and hates George that sent that letter to Greg Reid. I'm gonna go to Greg Reid. Aren't you impressed by that? And you saved that save a copy of that by the way. It's a great one. I put that in my diary. I put that in my employee file. You know how there was like the stick this stuff in our file. I put that in there and put it in my crap book. So that next time that they try to screw you over and next time I get a call up here I've decided to terminate George Rodriguez. See maybe more starting on your ass again. Maybe that's why we get all these costs to comment on his show about you again. But that's a point about that little beiner George your Rodriguez. You know, he's good close buddy. Oh, George. Yeah, right. Oh, yes. Start sucking around now. Well, you're not fooling anybody. You're not fooling anybody. You silly old cool with bad vera close vans and a smelly dripping bag. You kid man. Only one suggestion I have for you that could improve your life mode. They got those checkered pants. That's it. He must have already known. Silly old koot. Oh, and so the word in New York was. I don't want to say what floor to team recently played a game in New York over the weekend like the Panthers, but the word in New York was. Yeah, when his name came out in conversation. He sure was high maintenance when he was here in New York. A. K. A. In other words. Oh, my god. You know, he was sure high maintenance when he was here. In other words, a real pain in the ass. That can't get along with anybody. So all my co-workers, they're a cute way. Don't take it personal. It's not just us that he can't get along with it's anybody anywhere. Because for some reason, we just aren't on the same wavelength. We just don't have the same hairpiece. There's just something there. We just aren't on the same in the same universe with your old mowmaster. 560 here's a Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Well, you've got to add out goals into the list. Please look at your album. Alhu. Algo. Oh, I grew close personal friend. Absolutely. Out of sight out of mind. Absolutely. And that is legal problems. I think he must be at the quickly. He's heading for demise. That's what you. What is all the RV or Paul Harvey Jr. I will make a comment. I'll bite my tongue. All right. Thank you, sir. Have a great day. Algo's been. Yeah, he's, although, you know, I don't think he's ever going to die. He's no serious. He got the most amazing genes. In fact, he's got two pairs on together, I believe. But I don't know how to how he does. He's died. But he weighs about 600 pounds. He takes no care of himself. He's in jail every other week now because everybody in the world is suing his ass. George. Yeah. I'll let you know when it says I wish you not. We're not suing now. All is forgiven. I wish you would have been tired yesterday. We contribute to your poll. There's a more annoying song and freebird by Leonard Skinner. I haven't heard it slow, pondress on the Redneck, National Anthem. And though I never really mind to the original Ghostbusters song, the who you're going to call Maroon jingle. Oh, Maroney. Oh, I see. That's not that. That's one of our fine sponsors who you're going to call Maroney. Don't be picking on our good friends. By the way, I'd like to get the great job on that. Thank God. And last Marcy Diamond, I've brightened my pool of year ago. Did a great job. Thank you, sir. Very much. But I'll be picking on Maroon, even though he won't like their jingle. Let's see. There must the must on any celebrity death watch list include Mickey Rooney. Is he still alive? Yeah. He pops up every now and again. Yeah. Poor little Mickey. People keep stepping on him. Gregory Peck. Oh, he can't. Gregory Peck is still alive. Don't know. I love Gregory Peck. What a great actor. But he's got to be at least 110. And Kirk Douglas, who stroked his way to jail. If he can do it, I can do it too. He wrote a book about that about his stroking about how he was sound about how Michael Douglas pushed him up and made him like a shaken self out of here's another one says Kirk Douglas. And also Rose Marie, Rosemary, can't still be alive. I don't know. From Dick Van Dyke and a Hollywood squares. I'll put these down with Carlos when you're looking up if any of our date I'll cross him out. How we do not as pull now. We got to give a little bit of a little more for the Rosemary. What do you mean by that? Is that her rose Rose Marie? That's her name. That's her name. She doesn't have a last name. Rose Marie, you little punk. You don't know from Rose Marie? By the way, I still see the same six up there. Are you sure that Eric didn't beat us all to the punch? He might, he might do it. When he killed himself, probably one more of those breakfast burritos man. That'll do it. Put the eating. Eric, you've got a crap. I want to raise sick. That's right. They're my an Eric. So I guess it'll be up to you to get the other names on our website. Schmuck. He doesn't have control over that. Neorodgers.com. That's our website for all the new listener. We got both them. 1013 is 560 QM. Hey, if you want your carpets look and just like brand new. If you've had pets like I've had, they've made your carpets look and smell and feel really crappy. Literally, and figuratively. Here's the answer. Our good close personal friends at dry concepts have used them in my house over 20 years. Everybody I know my relatives, my enemies, my friends. Everybody uses them because they're the best. Nobody else in a world dry cleans your carpets. It's the same kind of deal. It's used to dry clean your clothing and it works. They suck out even the deep down dirt in the fibers you're carpeting, which leaves them looking and smelling just like brand new. They smell them and you first they're drying a couple of hours and you'll be just shocked. It's how your carpets look just like brand new's been laid on your floor and there's nothing like it and laid on your floor. And also of course they do as dependent job opinion. You're a poultry, leather furniture, you're expensive area of the same great job for you. And if you have a problem with pet orders and mill the orders because by water damage, no problem. The way they magic wand do this particular work and make them look just like brand new. And here's the deal. They give you a written guaranteed price out front before they start the work. No hidden charges, no tack on the fan. No bad surprises just a big smile on your post. They give it a little rose at the end of the job you hand them and check and everybody's happy. Do yourself a big favor. Call them once you'll never have to call anybody else again. Call dry concepts tool free 1-800-248-507-1-800-2-485-071 or log onto their prestigious website at drugconcephs.com. And my life and law this is for real five-six years. What do you mean? It's day! Thank you, my every town. Have five six oh, WQA. Hello? Hello? What's up with the president? Who is this the maid? No, this is the wife, Salia. I like to speak with Tommy Mitoya. Hello? Tommy Mitoya, my name is Salia. What's your name? No, no, no, Salia. Let me talk to the devil. Please hold me. Tommy, you got the phone. Oh, oh. Tommy Mitoya. Speaking, this is Michael Jackson. You lost your job. You lost your job. Hey, I didn't lose my job. I stepped down. Or, however you want to paint the picture. Whatever you have to tell yourself in order to save some sort of face you do it. But you lost your job. You know, actually it's kind of nice to hear your voice. What? Kind of nice to hear anybody's voice. What are you talking about? Michael Jackson. Yeah, can you hear that? That's my Mexican wife. Let me tell you. It was cute for maybe five ten minutes a day. But if I got to stay home one hour every day, I'm going to go crazy. You're getting your justice, search. Tommy Mitoya that devil. All we do is eat Mexican food. Kimi Chongas, burritos, toastinos. I got more gas than ex-un. And you deserve to have the bloat. Ah, listen, Michael. I'll reserve for somewhere. I'll start another label. Sure you will. So you can destroy the career of other budding artists. Are we going to Chevy? Yes, Tommy. We're going to Chevy. Thank you very much. All right. Oh, cheese. If it's not Chevy's. It's cheese. If it's not cheese. If it's not cheese. It's it's a. What's that driving place? I don't know what you're talking about. I call it to be Ray-2. And all I'm getting is dribbled and chimmy chenga. And minute, I was the reason you were forced to be fired. Right, I know, because I'm very, very, very devilish. I was a living a man. I was a living a man. You're living an American. All right. Hey, look, Mikey. I got to go. I got to take over the Taco Bell. Daddy. Okay. Chevy, you want to come with us? No, I don't want to be seen with you. You are the devil. So at this point, I am finding myself having some sympathy for you. Uh-huh. All right. All right. All right. I got to go there, Mikey. Let me tell you something. If I were to find right now, half the neighborhood would go up. Uh-huh. But if I... 1021, if I was 60, I'm not sure whether I liked that one better or the, I used to know one, you know? Hmm. Huh? It's a tough call, man. In fact, that'll be another pull. I swear. Yeah. It's all telly of those. She's what makes life. Raja! Raja! Anyway, we got some other names up on Eric's work. And I'm a little bit slowly. If anybody's under the weather, so just come some slack. Not. 135 votes on a pull. Who do you think will be the next celebrity did die? Our death watch on QAM. Bob hopes 77, Ronald Reagan 42, Jerry Lewis 7, Don I'm as five. Katherine Hepburn, be having two. And then, right, did you feel, and the Pope each have one? The Pope's got one. And nobody else's got any yet because they just went up on there. Carlos. Good. And we've added to our list, let's see. Our old goldstein, I was right after Marlon Brando, Mickey Rooney, Gregory Peck. Now, did you look these up to make sure they're alive? Yep, they're all good. They're all alive. They're all alive? Yes, sir. Gregory's Peck? Yes, sir. Wow. And Kirk Carlos, we noticed a lie because he's bragging about his stroke. Rosemary, would you not even know who that led is? I'm ashamed of you. I do know. She was on a... Hollywood squares, and she was on the Dickband Dijk. That show, underlined the Dijk pardon her case, Rosemary. She was like a professional game show, panelists. Person after she was on the Dickband Dijk show. Keith Richard, somebody says. Okay. Axle Rose? See, I think they think it about drugs now. They're having a heavy duty drugs. Right now, our Bach and Bob Dylan see, right now, our Bach, George Zone, even who that is, goes to former longtime coach of the Boston Celtics in general manager. And he always puffs on a big cigar. And he must have good genes, two because he's 140 years old. Right now, our Bach, nobody knows who that is. And Bob Dylan, he's a wine away man. He's still wine not. As a matter of fact, wouldn't it be a good time for Mr. Right up, I'll do a bunch of protests songs? Are we putting all of those on there? Yeah, I'm reading you from my list that I've compiled here. Mr. Confirmin. You better start catching up. You guys are like, they late in the dollar short. We only have a short show today because it's our win. No, no, no, no, no. I'm a big dollar. Huh? Just Axon. And all those new listener of ours that we've got, they're going to be shocked that on Wednesday, we play solid comedy, but it's from the wonder one every week, because it is hump day with some very corny assholes say that hump day, which we find disgusting. But nevertheless, it's the middle of the week. And what better thing to do especially during these these straight and the stressing horrendous duct tape bill times than, you know, give you a few, or chuckles. Okay, you know, the facts of that hates me. I've left a number. We could have called them and told them that I'm not going to be talking that hour. Yeah, that's a good point. Well, just to piss him off, mumble a few things. Okay. I'll tell you the energy and sound flow to negativity and think of what is much energy and a positive thing as they put it in negativity and extending their hostility. You know, that thing that they do so well and so often and so much. We could light up the world if you could bottle that somehow. Exactly. It could be a terrific place. There's another one. I'd like to teach the world, that should have been honorized. There was that yeah, seekers of the new seekers. I don't know. I'd like to teach the world to, to stink. Man, that song just drove me. It was okay for a six thousand times. But good, Golly, talk about corn balls. Here's a call from Coca-Cola Grove where they know their balls hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, you forgot all the political strong thermon pop a bush. Gerald Ford. Wayne is slow slow down. Wait a minute. Strong thermon's a good one. Yeah. Pop a bush. Pop a bush. Gerald Ford. Right. And the peanut guy, Jimmy Carter. Oh, he ain't got that. I can't. They only wish up here. You have no idea. Uh, and people like that. Yeah. Okay. Alrighty. Are we good? Are you? Good. Okay, Jimmy Carter. Well, I tell you there's so many. And there's a lot of people just hanging by a threat hanging on the edge. I can start with a latent to a man. I can start. I'm getting very close. A lot closer to the end of the beginning as they say. Who said that? That was William Holden and network. Remember that? Right. When she talked about getting his winter passion or his daughter is doing earlier. The other one. I don't know what was his daughter. Uh, John J. E. A. N. John. Cretchen. C. H. R. E. T. I. E. N. As in. Frog with a talks out of the corner of his mouth. But I'll tell you one thing. He makes a lot of sense to me lately. How's your like that interview we had over the weekend on ABC? Did George would have a little squaker or a George step on top of us? And he basically said, Hey, the war is over. I don't know if I'd anybody you won. I doubt you. You won. It's all over. And you're trying to figure out what he was talking about. Yeah, you won. You won. You don't have to fight no war. He is, they hate him. I don't understand because every time he's run, he wins by this humongous amount. This gigantic margin. But they just despise him and all the newspapers, the editorial, they just rip him an ass. You almost think he was like, Kind of W. And don't forget. Remember what his aides were saying. Every time you turn around, it was another major contractions. And another big scandal because what a John Cretchen's comments was called, our president. Oh, are. Oh, and in America, we can't really well of the truth. We don't like that. We'd like to a sugarcote, you know. And don't forget about Sodom, man. He drank water out of a creek or was that the other guy? At the time of time. You're missing the whole point. See that kind of facts is right about you, George. You're a little bit too slow for this kid. What? That's my point. He gasped his own people. He drank water out of a creek. I mean, just all these things. Oops, he's dead. We can only hope the same for Sodom. Wouldn't it be great if he would die next? Yeah. Save us all of that grief in the trouble. And so, of course, we'll make a little more difficult to close up to those oil wells, but nevertheless. And you know what we're saying is that we're going to make sure that the Iraqi people get that oil. You notice that? Right. So they can rebuild their infocurs. Now we're very concerned about those poor oppressor Iraqi people. We didn't give a flying crap about the Iraqi people before 9.11. In fact, we didn't give a crap about them until long after that until they find the decided well we can't find Osama Yamama, but we know where Sodom's got an address. Some more over there. It's in a bag, Dad. That's what W.T. told the Herbert Walker. It's in a bag, Dad. I think he's in a bag again. It's the problem. Thank you. If you read our bedtime stories today, there's one in particular. That's just eight pages long. A skating. A skating attack on your president. Carlos. 10. 10. 20. 7. 5. 16. 29. 9. 10. 10. 27. 26. 10. 20. 17. 16. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. 17. of free parking there. And the food is sensational. It's fresh. It's deedless. Everybody loves. The pizza loft especially the rumors who eat there a lot for free and our gold scene who also eats for free. So the rest of you please go there and pay and believe me you won't mind because the prices are tiny and the portions are gigantic. You probably have to take a lot of home and the lost stuff home in a doggy bag. If I can imagine one of the neighbors there by the pizza loft and Davy, probably take in tons of food home and doggy bags every day. You know what I'm talking about? No, I'm sure you do. Every Monday's lasagna night at the locker be Tuesday's eggplant night of all these dinners on these nights get to second for only five bucks. Wednesday, kids eat free with adults. They can come and see Jeff Stamis magic. Show 30 is bite night at the pizza loft. Come on a motorcycle by one dinner. Get the second one for half price and they got it all. They got three different kinds of great pizza. The most incredible garlic rules you've ever popped in your mouth. They got chicken and veal and seafood, calzone, soup or subs and lots more to. Like I said, gigantic portions of food is all cooked fresh to order and incredibly reasonable prices. For take out delivery and catering in plantation here's a number. It's 9.5.4.3.8.2.9.3.8.3.8.2.9. 99 and of course in the other joint in Davy called 9.5.4.9.1.6.8.8.9.5.4.9.1.6.8.8.8. Tell Old Jeff Cohen and he'll set high and please don't ever call this show again. My life and love this is for trade deal by six years. Two weeks away. I'm out of here. It's getting us about week on the prices rough. What would you bid on that fine on that fine oak cabinet? Yeah. 690-4.5.10. Yeah. And the price is $694.12. You're a winner! They may not know what you're it is but they know their prices. And prizes. How did 12 items that today show you? Yeah. Yeah. That definitely 112 items that they show. Don't miss a second of it. It's a fun week on the price is right. What's the name of the guy in first? Who? Who? Who? I am first. What's the name of the guy in second? Who's the name of the guy in first? I don't know who's paying. Hey, what do you think about Bob Barker? Right. Huh? Definitely. That was just little inspiration for my self which is why I played that bit. I just put Bob Barker on there. They're just pouring in here on the list. We'll never keep up. Somebody said Johnny Carson. There goes Johnny. Ed McMan. Got it? Got it. Read this film. I don't think so. You forgot it. I said got it. I don't want to do that anymore. Got it. You're going to get in. It is the tenderable 11 hour which is when he's listening. Even though he says he's a good buy to the show. And by the way, if that asshole wrote the letter is listening, Bye bye. Get lost. Even Greg reads it. You're a Puts. And that's a lot. When somebody like Greg reads his you're a Puts boy, that's about as low as you. That's even lower than the barnacles and about them of the ship and the things that crawler by and on the barnacles. Somebody says read just, I don't think so. Even though he didn't have that one heart attack and open our surgery all other stuff, if he survived that bitch Kathy Lee. It's big now. It's big in a boat. Okay, read. Very happy. He's. Huh? Good one. Very happy when I saw it in an interview the day. Larry Hagman. Oh no. Larry. Yeah. From one of our favorite shows from two of us. Well, I didn't like Dallas. He was a good looking guy by the way. I'll tell you what you're doing. Huh? When he was on Gene, you didn't think Larry Hagman was a good looking guy. And everybody was like, I was a little distracted when I was watching Gene. Oh, stop, stop, stop. See, that's another excuse. And in self hating a homeless fix. Sure. He was a good looking guy. What do you say? Whatever his name was. I was into Roger Healy myself. Is that what you were? How about Glenn Healy? How about Peter Ford and Mary Healy? Or what have it held in their name was? Registro Benode. Somebody says Dick Cheney, of course. I don't know that. No, we better not put that on there. Okay, that's not a good idea. Don't put it on there. He see. No, I know it's not just that. We just don't need the secret service. Not going to you. Do you already got the customs people up here? You're going to be knocking the door down with. We don't need the secret service on our heels. Magic Johnson, I don't think so. I think he's got his big A under control A. Right. And I think he's let's see. We did put Johnny Carson, did we? And it would be man. Okay, the list is pouring in. We got a lot of open lines. Oh, all of a sudden now. Through the last break, maybe some of them died. You know how impressionable these benstures are. Maybe it was a sublible message. Don't forget it's Treasure Island's 18th anniversary. And a seven magazine 10th anniversary party. The staff to know and a little bit later on. Join little George that little relentless stick with a sharp knife. Voka Brian Miguel, Vina Boy, and possibly the beast at Treasure Island. From five to seven this afternoon. Okay, it off the palm. I don't just know that the hundred and twenty seconds three days. You win great QA and prizes right. And real some really good prizes like like like a $500 like $500 in cash. Bar tabs, t-shirts. Oh, right, oh, right. Oh, right, oh, right. And of course you can check out this week's feature. Heather Kelly will be doing her thing. And maybe if you're lucky she might be doing you a little bit. Kind of like Ben on guiding light. Oh, please send Ben over here. Now that he's doing his escort thing. That's five to seven this afternoon at Treasure Island. Where has he been all my life, huh? Anybody out there like Ben on guiding light? Five, six, seven, five, six. The pound five, six. The on a AT and T and Verizon wireless line. Who do you think will be the next celebrity to die? And I got news right, it must be a lot of us on the edge. Because there are a list is just humongous in it. It's gigantic. Don I'm a Ronald Reagan jury Lewis Bob Hope, Katherine Hepburn, Ernie Borgnein, Neil Rogers. Oh, boy. Larry King, Johnny Cash, Mohour David, Art Link letter, Charlton Heston, Marina O'Hara, Jeff high aka fat boy, aka high boy, as she's got on there. Hank Goldberg. Rodney Dangerfield, the Pope. David Brinkley, Robert Blake, Paul Harvey, Billy Graham, Joy Bishop, Marlon Brando, who's bigger than Poo, all the other people on this put together. Al Goldstein, well, like I said, up until that point. Mickey Rooney, Gregory Schmeck, a peck, Kirk Douglas, Rosemary, Keith Richards, Axel Rose, Red Hour, Bob Dylan. This list is unbelievable, you know, and we've only just begun. Oh, how about Karen Carpenter, too late? Too late, Karen, how about Richard, how about Dick? Strong Thurman, Papa Bush, Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter, John Cretchen, Johnny Carson Edmickman, Bob Barker or Larry Hagman. Is he looking really bad? Yeah, he did look as bad as right after his, his Oliver and all those transplants he had, but he still looks pretty bad. I'll be damned. Last time I saw him, he had that David Brinkley look like, you know, with a one eyeball and his cheek. Still has only one eyeball. I've said you want to think man, the Lord works in mysterious ways on you. God, people out there, the God squad. If there's a God out there, what is going on with it? Why is it that, and then of course, you know what the answer would be? Well, we don't take care of ourselves and we don't eat properly. We don't exercise and as a result, yeah, like I told that one guy that day, another call I'll never forget. But I gave him the story of what, you know, life and death is all about. And I said you're born and you, you know, you develop to a certain point. And then your cell starts to die and your body starts dying and just like, I used an example, beautiful rose, you know, and it blossoms and it flowers and it gets to its ultimate beauty and then it starts with ring and like getting old and moldy and fall in a part and the pedal starts falling up and it starts to die and over here. That's the one with you. I'm like, exactly. And that's a terrible, comaric version of you. No, it was not. But it's just another one of the emotional cripples who can see this is one of America's biggest problems. And nobody wants to talk about it is that most of the rest of the civilized world handles with death with more dignity than America. But we just like to pretend it's not there, you know. Oh no, and that's why this religious finaticism is so much stronger here than in most other supposedly civilized places. Because we got all the heaven and hell bowl crap, you know, on a purgatory crap in between. And you listen to this and you better not do that. And all the other, hoax, pocus, disc crap that was to written down and told by boredom out by a bunch of barbaric ancient assholes thousands of years ago who didn't know up from down without every time that rain God was crying. And you're laughing, but seriously, I see these like last night the King Mysterisaut two minutes of it. He had a panel of religionist of Christians, a various denomination. And they were talking about the war and one is saying, oh no, you can't kill people. And the other one, of course, he's rationalizing about, wow, you know, Lord said this. And my mama, and I'm thinking to myself that they're reading all of this crap that was written by these primitive ignorant asshole people. And the masses in this country are just sucking on to like somebody through them a bone. Use your brain. And whatever you got left, okay, use a little bit of it. Use some common frickin' sense. No. I know. I'm pretty much... What? Doing a sampled, farting into a wind storm like I always do, but it just frost rating to me, especially having traveled just a little bit around in civilized places and seeing that you just don't see this much of this crap. Even the silly brits over there, you know, they are church of England. That's just a place to go to socialize that's all. That's a place where they go and they'll see all the other queens. And what were you gonna say? I'm surprised to use Rose as an analogy. Why is that? I figured you would have chosen pansy. See, I told you that Faxer was right. Faxer had his thumb right on it. And he has something I should have just used that Fax behind the scenes. I didn't have to share with you. See, there he goes again with his gay. Don't like to Jews, don't like the Fags, don't like the Puerto Ricans series. There anybody that he likes at all? No. Just that hot bitch at the Treasure Island. See how hot it's getting already? Oh, what a segue. Does turning on a hot stove to cook dinner turn you off on its 110 degrees in the shade like it's already in South Florida? Maybe on a start grilling. And for all your barbecue needs, chop at barbecue's galore. Barbecue's galore has got the guaranteed lowest prices in town. And this weekend, they get even lower than usual because barbecue's galore is holding their big gigantic humongous annual spring sale. This Thursday, which sounds like tomorrow to meet plus Friday Saturday and Sunday only, a decade of energy of big savings like 15% off most barbecue's accessories at barbecue's galore. Save over 175 bucks on a 50-to-inch grand turbo stainless steel cart with rear rotisserie stainless grills and side burner. The prices unbeatable. Or how about saving on a Weber grill just great for tailgating? There's a barbecue for every price range and smokers and patio heaters and accessories and cookbooks and sauces they're all on sale too. You get a big selection, awesome sale prices, an eligible and friendly staff of Fitch with the right grill for what you're looking for. Top brands great service and the annual spring sale going on this Friday through Sunday only at barbecue's galore. Now, wait a minute, didn't say up here. This Thursday, Fred, say, now, who gave me this copy? Who's the count of this? Oh, PD Lenny. Hey, you're an asshole, PD Lenny, because the copy says this Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday only. And now it says, going on Friday through Sunday only at barbecue's galore. I think PD Manim mistake. You made him a stake, you asshole. You little munchkin. Barbecue's galore. They are the barbecue specialist no matter what PD Lenny said. Say 15% all weekend log at barbecue's galore. They're located in plantation and coral springs. For more info and exact store locations from barbecue's galore. Curl up to color, tool free number. 1-800 grill up. 1-800 grill up. And maybe even pop PD Lenny on it for a first sacrifice. 5-1-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800-800 I'm sorry, I'm a Jackson. When this time is real, Let's bump into naked, I'm a naked, I'm so surprised. It's a good Jackson. I'm a Jackson. From your life, you just have a father, I'm so dad, I'm so proud of you. Oh baby, it's wrong, Mom, I don't like these things. Just if you're like a man out of his own neighborhood and just doing his like 90, he cheated. He counts if you're American friends, he's just White House, just find out. He's got his own thing going, with the lights out, and now he's got a new child. It's a baby, out of with lot, Love of Pots, To be, Block Up, With a Headlock, and she loves to wipe everything, but she ain't the one who lay down. If you want to rip up the rich, as Americans to jack a lamp around, I remember when he bought us all together, when we was divided, we've just got a head full of sound owners, a great tune of fire, and this guy did. We've got utmost respect, it is all through. All you did is for that lady, and you're all through. Yeah, I'm a Jackson. It's been so real. And with those you know, we're just a little bit of a touch, and it's really time. They call you Jackson. It's down and they all, as I met you, it's got a heart full of this touch, and it's time to sing a five you had and I'll laugh. While a quintet of dawn, we'll be in a home. By the time we go wrong, we'll be happy with you, and you'll be relaxed, you'll spend a night playing tonight, but we'll enjoy it. Get down seven nights, you got the time to fire, the quickest time to throw it on yourself, and you'll be fine, a cysting, mountain loop that kingdom, a query that almost 60, and for all the eighties he's always been. Come into the labour, to labour, to labour labour, to labour labour! We can't wait for his work, good jobs, but we was wrong. and all the situated foot, probably gone. This Jackson his intentions are good. He's a good people, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's a good, he's A hundred ninety-seven votes, who do you think is going to be? The next celebrity to die, I'm moving up the list by the way, very nicely, did you see that? Bob Hope 93, he's in a client's by himself. Robert Reagan 55, the Pope 15 Gerry Lewis 8, Thomas 7 and Yrs truly, six, everybody else is like two zin ones into the post big. Oh, Farcass, we really screwed up this poll today bad. You know what I'm saying? Carlos. Was that? Well, not because when you put every all the other you got six choices up there for like 45 minutes and then all the other ones go under like real late. It's kind of like, you know? It was a simple translation. What? The guy patrol of the poll, I could put him on there as well. And I don't start with this again if you had control of the poll. I think you should have control of the poll. And Eric could do all of his other important stuff up there like eat, eat himself into oblivion into a coma. 560505050 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Good morning to you sir. I want to go. Yes sir. Are you on the phone? Yes sir, I'm on the phone. And Muhammad Ali. Oh, Muhammad Ali. He's not looking to great you. Okay. Thank you sir. Everyone would have thought either one of those. You know what? Yes sir, I'm on the phone. And Muhammad Ali. Looking a little shaky these days. Speaking of that, speaking of Yasser Amafart, your LA RAB by Asnel Gibsoner we consider Jesus film. Huh? I'll probably not do it later on Friday but I took a long time for them to get this story. I'll tell you that. Where does come from? Huh. Anyway, Asnel Gibson makes sure in his new film on the last 12 hours in the life of Christ is not portrayed the Jews as collectively responsible for the crucifixion. Ram by Marvin higher, Dean and thought are of the some in the Vizenthal Center said he was concerned because an article would be published in the New York Times magazine. For Trace Gibson is a traditionalist Catholic, opposed to the reforms of Vatican II. Higher said obviously no one has seen the passion and I certainly have no problem with Mel Gibson's right to believe as he sees. Fit or make any movie he wants to what concerns me how we're is when I read what the film's purpose is to undo the changes made by Vatican II. He said that the Vatican contemplative was convened to deal with several critical issues including the rejection of the notion that the Jews were collectively responsible for the death of Jesus Christ killers. If the new film seeks to undo Vatican II then would unleash more of the scourless changes of the charges of the aside. I never heard that word before. The aside. The right to the against the Jewish people would certainly. Yeah, why did you find him? Sir, what did you find him? Like an in a dumpster somewhere? You was rooting through it. God, which took the catharture 20 centuries to finally be a beauty. He said Gibson is completing the soft and ants film in the last 12 hours in life of Christ and a friend of the Gibson family is quoted as telling New York Times that Gibson will graphically portray the intense suffering of Christ. This is no film is done before Gibson is directing the film. The last 12 hours of suffering like every, oh, hey, every growing, Jesus Christ exactly. The friend Gary Jufri, a traditionalist Catholic also said the film will lay the blame for that if a Christ where it belongs. A reference that some traditionalist mean that the Jewish authorities who presided over his trial, the article said, See, and again, like so many other people have said, if this was all pre-ordained, this was supposed to happen anyway, what difference does it make? It's just helping him do his things, all part of the plan. It was all part of the big plan or that big plan in the sky so that we can have the civilized way for people so we could forgive all of our sins and have life after death and all of the other hoaxes pocuses. The focus, okay? Good, golly Miss Molly. I always told you, look after that Mel Gibson, hunt George Lysomelot, more than all of that. That is? Here's a call from Davy, hello. Davy. Hello? Yes sir. Hi, good morning. Dan back to you. Yes sir, on Friday I was on the hall for about half hour. I'm sorry, I got to work out a good and wet and longer. The whole year I was a week and I bought the good looking people, I guess. TV interview anchors is right. If I could refer back to them, I think to be, you know, make a first judgement. Shouldn't it be like, you know, people with good features, you know, but some people would make up, you know, look one thing and then we use him in person or... You have a how many of the people on at LysTV have ever seen in person? That's a good point. I've seen them, I've seen them, I've thought you'll, you know, without makeup. You think when they go on, you think when they go on, toss yours, they're not wearing makeup? Well, slightly, you know, I can see all the blemishes, you know, painfuls, it's not that you don't see them. You know, but James Wood wasn't on the list. Okay, a flat bat, you know, a lot of women, you know, look, words are man, you know, naturally. No question about it. And, you know, when they put on makeup, you know, makeup, uh, it look better. But, I guarantee a Tom Wallings a lot prettier than most of this women on LysTV. And have a great day, sir. Thank you so much. What do you say? Huh? You said that we want to see these women without makeup on, with our clothes on, we want to be able to inspect his body. Say, we want to inspect every pimple, every blemish, every tarnish, we want to take a look in there. Back to them, everything is what he said. Right? What's wrong with that? He also said, oh, we got a bank building evacuated Miami robbery. How is Thomas passed? There's our good pictures. There's a little bit of that. As you can see from some live pictures, perhaps there are also pictures of police officers standing around looking a little more relaxed. Although they certainly have not cleared the scene by any means. This has been going on for about three and a half hours now. Heidi, Susan, two good questions for you. I'm thinking about communications from within that building possibly. Anyone try to call out that you have heard of and also about the, uh, the highway that is made to road this been closed down because of this, right? That's right. That's right. If indeed the authorities are talking to employees inside the building to the degree they've been successful. They haven't shared so far what they've learned other than the information about the guard coming upon these birds. A turn burglarly attempted Miami bank building. Well, what does that mean? What Miami bank building, huh? I mean, what is this? And this is WSVN that they were carrying the pictures for us. And this is just because huge traffic jams in about a 20 block area where this is happening. And so until they can get this whole situation resolved, it's likely they will keep the streets blocked off until they can figure out exactly what they have on their hands. All right. Very good. And we will come back to you if you learn anything else. Yes. We certainly will. Thanks to CNN for that marvelous coverage. But be nice if they would have told us where to hello was. That's our great close friend Susan Candy. I remember Susan, of course. Love Susan. But anyway, there's this and crap going on. Five six seven. And of course, our great news coverage here on QAM, our student news day. In other words, just wait till the war starts. If you think our numbers are marginal now, just wait. Wow. I mean, can you believe that if it would have been some kind of a sports game would have broken out in South Fixie Highway, we would have had it. We'd have been doing a play by play of it right now. A sports emergency. Exactly. Some emergency ball game would have broken. Maybe an emergency golf tournament in the middle of Fixie Highway. But not because this isn't a ball game. Those of us are keyway. I'm all we do it. We don't want to know nothing. We don't know nothing. And that's it. If it ain't sports, it ain't us. Here's my any. Hello. You do another pole there. Oh, God. And you know what? That wasn't even a right guy. That wasn't even the same guy. I guess it's catching on. That might have been a good question. And also not getting him on a year is also catching on a mission. That yellow button is catching on big time on a year. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. We got a pull here. We're going to stick deep in your deck. You probably enjoyed. Okay, sir. We invite you to stop by. And maybe a treasure island night. Something like to stick their pull in that. Bobby. That would be good. He said roses are red. Why can't his. Black dome. He read to something as blue. Here's homie wood. Hello. Maybe. How you doing? Okay. I didn't interrupt the supple jerk. But let's talk about the war for a minute. No, that's not what he. That's not. But that's too in a row. Nice going here. We're on a roll. And I would be glad to give you the new tank for Brandy's. But unfortunately Troy Stratford didn't bother. I'll tell you one thing. But it must be some real circle jersego. And I'd back there to sell the barman. You are sake. Man. Yeah. What is that? Why you just got fucked in? Why it's a little bit late now. You can fax it to me. I'll do the spots slowly. Okay. So that we can get to take. What a moron he is. Man. Rub his head a little bit. See if anything happens. I'm not sure if he's going to get a chance. But. God. Didn't I speak to him like a quarter nine this morning and tell him we need which we got Company copy from pop at a park that was sitting on his desk for days that's Steve will faxed him last week on March the eighth or something like that. Which I see the data which we didn't have it on time. We fashion. And now we got this coming here right now. I think Troy has got Todd rectizies. Maybe from some of that. Water. Thank you. Thank you. They're playing. I'm telling you. Something going on back there. Some of that deep throat. Boy. Anyway, fashion to me and I'll stick it in. Anyway, this year Brandy's is celebrating the 25th year in business. Everybody's having an anniversary. All of us great people. This year my 27. Mohad won. And then anniversary too. Any independent family shooter that's been around for nearly a quarter of a century's got to be doing a lot of things right like offering a fantastic selection of men's and women's famous brand names like rock ports, echoes, and a phyto, tyverland, Clarks, S.A.S. floor shy and all other big names in a business. And then the wide range of sizes. Tom Walling would be delighted to shop there. Men sizes six all the way up to 15. Women's five that's well but what's from the very narrow to the very wide. And don't forget their professional sales staff that'll have you pick out the right styles. And then sit your ass down and fit those shoes to your individual feet. Give it your friendly professional surface no matter how bad your feet may sting. And with over 40,000 parents stuck in their 8,000 square foot mega store. You're almost never here. Sorry, Mr. We don't have your size and that's you. So when you need shoes, take your feet to brand these shoes. I don't hear the fact machine going by the way. What? Nothing, there's no facts. So what does that mean? Why did you hand me out to dry again? I'm going to read that fact again. The whole nice hour. I'm just going to read it. What? What did he come in there for a triad, a stratford? Take a short cut through the studios. Oh, he's got an email from Troy. The other Troy. Brandy's a great place to shop for shoes. We ought to treat them a lot better than this, but trust ratford's an asshole. Brandy shoes at 1290 North Federal Highway, Pompatobito, Pandeyly 99, Sunday's 10 to 5, We apologize profusely to our friends at Brandy's. The Troy is a piece of crap. We're in the middle of the world. We're supposed to be in the old five cc. You a m. Get you. I don't have to grow up. I'm a nuns and a skin. So I can always kill myself or something bad. I did it's gonna be cool when I kill everyone. It's cool. It's my dad's dad's dad's okay. Exercise my right. That's finally in our eyes. That lets me be a gunner at skin. These are guns at uski. I told him how to shoot. He really loves the sound of blood. No wait that kind of cute. I'm a harmless side. I'm not a sea red deck with the size. I'm thinking to now. Oh right. I'm a large time member of the NRA. That's why I raised the guns around skin. Oh boy, hit them for my gun. I'm glad that you're a guns around skin. 11, all 3 at 5, 60, WDQM, Our big noon to 1 hour coming up. I can't come fast enough as far as I'm concerned. This is kind of a disjointed day. Yesterday we had a spectacular day with those annoying songs. And I just know it's never going to happen two days in a row. This poll today is going over like lead balloon. Not good. And I think we got off to a bad start. Anyway, all the good news is I'm moving up on the list. Who do you think is going to be the next celebrity to croak? Bob Hope 105, Robert Reagan 61, the Pope 18, the Elijah's 10. Oh! Jerry Lewis 9, Mohour David 8, Don I'm a 7 in Johnny Cash for everybody else, Marpothetus. Now this thing that Troy Stradford gave you, that you just, uh, facts to me. Yeah, pathetic. pathetic. You just presumed he came in here to give you that copy you were waiting for. Well, I mean, wouldn't that be logical since already told him that we don't have a tag and he's got last week's tag. And there was him not going to read it every week. We had a special sale at Brandys, which has been on a hundred years. This man doesn't want to do his goddamn job. It give me the information and pop out of set on this day after day after day. And the reason being that there's no god that you can't complain about the leadership of QM because there was not any. You got screw in back there who keeps, you know, falling into the goddamn door knobs. You got Todd Drec who's, uh, the invisible man, the amazing little invisible widget. And then we got a bunch of guys like PD Lenny running around there like Rumpel still can bouncing up and down. So hopped up on god damn drugs and the did he ever come in straight out that copy that we did. Did he ever do something about that? Yeah. Bob BBQ's galore that we got two different days for the sale on. No. So let me tell you again, screw in nice jobs. Sweet heart, your wholesale department is all a high-usical OOC. Out of control. OOC. Out of fricking control. Bitch. God. Anyway, what do I see? I get me excited again. I'm not even there. I'm getting more trouble about that place. And I think these call these people on this pool they get around to it. I just had another stroke and that place it gets to a man it will shorten your life it'll kill you. It'll put you ass over the edge. Hey, Walmy and dear Fierd, you're a good guy but put fucking me with crap. Why did you even waste your time with that? Some crap. Yeah. And he really on 60 minutes looks like he should be on your pool. And he really would be good, don't you think? And he really would be great. Okay. We're adding to it. But I'm just a little sour when I try stratford crap there. Here's the one guy that we had that you had to be. Huh? Don't hate. Don't be mad. God, I'm not to do with hate. Guys, I don't want to do their fricking job. And then it gives you this stupid ass email from the other Troy over balance for life. Oh and by the way, and that's a post to say by the way, wouldn't he listening before they have instructional letter we got? Oh, say by the way. By the way, this is actually very important. Why is that? Because they're promoting this here locally big time like it's some sort of a rock and roll festival. And it's an evangelist. The beast faced with Lewis Palau on for Lauderdale Beach March 22nd. It's a Brazilian evangelist who's holding a hoax-pocus voodoo get together for all the good Christian immigrants. Have you any insight? Maybe the event of the why is that important? Because I didn't they have TV ads, billboards, they have signs everywhere. Bumper stickers and a lot of people are going to get sucked into this thing. Think of that said rock and roll show. That's what I thought it wasn't until I got this facts. Well, maybe they can help you. You think? I think it's in an actual old-time religion. Out there on the beach. Or maybe get laid or both. Anyway, get back to this. I think that guy was right. The more I'm listening to what's going on here today. You notice Carlos? Every time I start saying something, I'll eat it. Every time I can't even get any. By the way, by the way, by the way. By the way. This is I have a new advertiser here in Chicago. His name is Jay Marvin. See, this means a new advertiser. Troy. Oh, the amtone between these two choice. If brains were dangerous, they'd be a safe haven. Jay Marvin and new guy doing our spouses, but it should say he knows Neil from Tampa. He knows, oh, I don't know. You know, Joe and Marvin. He was awful. Who's on FLA? He was just diagnosed with type 2 diabetes and so excited about doing the balance for life. He's doing exactly what Neil does. 9-11 talk ready. I doubt it. But with a female sidekick who also gets a bag. That's like saying that more Howard David is working with a sidekick who also gets a bag. You know what I'm saying? God. We sent him in the food he has lives. And then the thing I love best today was two minutes and 15 seconds. Don't you love advertisers who time the spots. It's like her goal of years ago. Yeah, what's wrong with my commercials? It was only 58 seconds today. Hey, herbie. To you, okay, asshole. Let's see. It's a service yesterday's poll. The two most took into account is this one. Blinded blind me with science and going Japanese. Well, he didn't have it. Turning Japanese and blinded. What is it? He blinded me with a cheap light on me with science. Well, he's close. Thank you, Dave. You're close. And the board goes back. Put it towards strafford. I'm just the one guy you hang your head on. You think here's one guy that he gives a crap. He don't care. He's just another goofball. Another ex-joc. Okay, Steven Hill. I don't even know who the hell Steven Hill is. Oh, and I look at this. Now he gives this to you, huh? Yeah. Now, I did the spot 15 minutes ago. Now we get to tag. So if you remember we were talking about Brande's, what a great place is to take your feet for the shoes and all that stuff in pop and obese. Now, all this wicked Brande's, take 20% off at all spurry topsideers, men's and women's only at Brande's this week. You asshole. That's for you, Troy. You asshole. You're an idiot. One more time, oh. You asshole. That a boy. How do you like that, huh? So in other words, it's not as if there wasn't one. It's just that he can't get around to get in it done. He can't get it done. You asshole. Hey, hey, you Troy. We can't stand you. Plus, I think he just, he paints that on. I think he's white. What's this other crap? Steven Hill Charles Lane, Carl Valentine. Oh, this is gotta be from, or Jack Parbite away just to his hospital. That he better be on there, Jack Parb. Got it. He just went in the hospital over the weekend. Yeah, that's from Oysterneck. Yeah, what was I gonna tell you? I'm not gonna look at it, okay? I can't deal with people who live in a distant past, okay? If it was up to Oysterneck, our average demographic will be 90 plus. We'd be taking names of listeners instead of celebrities, just which listener do you think is going to grow banana? Seriously, if it was up to him because he's living in the distant past, putting names on there that nobody under the age of 400 ever heard of. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. Yes. Yes. This is our conservative who you're listening to here, Neil. See? It's a miracle. A little disappointed George O'Neill. He forgot to keep the old green two-spits, hopes alive by adding Mr. Patel Castro to the list. Oh yeah, there he go, Fidel. He's all looking, Emmie's not looking great, but he's a better shaped and jack parb. But I'll put it on, sir. All right, Neil. No, no, no, no. Nothing, nothing, Neil. Yes. I got to keep the old who you're traditionally like, to mighty coal. Okay, very weak. I'm going to say it more, that was very weak. Fidel Castro, okay, there's one to keep Miguel happy. It was probably Miguel's boy for... I know, I know, I know, I know, I know. Who he'll with Fidel. And in fact, I'll say it again. I still think we ought to be taking care of Cuba before we worry about Iraq. Okay. There are a lot closer, a lot more dangerous. They represent a, in fact, just looking Carlos and George right there to show what a danger they represent to the rest. We wouldn't be here. That's right. Two great examples of the danger that they threat. Just think of all the others, just like them. Just think of more alien episodes. We can only pray all his fault. Oh my God. Oh, my, my, my puppy. Five, six, seven. Oh, this list is just gigantic. Too bad nobody seems to care about it. Well, I guess it's more, but you know, they don't want so more, but especially in the middle. I was not a good idea. You should've told me not to do this. Don't do it. Two hundred and eighty one votes is all we got. And somebody 11 after 11 see how weak it is. Week. Pretty weak, Carlos. Sorry. Don't do it again. Well, it's, uh, Eric's fault. Isn't it? Of course. Because he dicked around when it's all on. It is like the show starts at nine, but everybody else is not like a different time schedule. Like, uh, Eric is on a different schedule and Troy's dread for it. He's like a 20 minutes late. Did I'll reassure it? Fine. Wait, don't forget about that Vistela Brandes. All this week. Funny percent off on hairpieces for Troy. And, in fact, you know what I'd like to see. Troy's dreadford wearing one of most pieces. You know, the silver one, the one that bounces up and down and lights up like an eonsign. The fancy one, the real fancy go to Sunday meeting one. Got a tie his ass down. Twelve minutes after 11 and another one Troy tied Troy tied wreck. True changeable. Another idiot. If you want to start getting in yourself a big paycheck, get out of that dead and jump. Call our friends at Fastrain because according to the Florida Department of Labor, computer professionals have big fat paychecks impressive ones. According to the state of Florida computer careers are among the highest paid and highest demand. Fast-tranking up you achieve that new high-paying computer career in just four short months. They got locations in Campbell, Miami, Florida, and Elin, Comber Pines. With the evening and weekend schedules no lobby to have any excuse whatsoever to stay in a crappy dead end job working for peanuts. So, call our good piezons at Fastrain. First thing to do is tell him Todd rec is a major asshole. Call 1-8-6-Fastrain. That's 1-8-6-Fastrain. The guy full-time job placement, guaranteed financing waiting for you too. Check him out of the web if you like it fastrain.com or call him today and get yourself under road to a real career and a real serious income. Call 1-8-6-Fastrain. The guy full-time job placement. It's just for twitting a 5-16-thin. Two AMs. Go, go, B-Self. New this fall. One Phob. It's a late night talk show unlike any other you've ever seen. The king of pop smuggles into his king-size bed with warm milk and cookies and interview some of Hollywood's hottest young celebrity. You know, this is Michael Jackson in bed with an Oscar nominee who was currently starring as the voice of Mulberry in Disney's new animated adventure The Jungle Book 2 Please welcome my special guest in my bed. Hey, George Osman Oh, we had to do this in your bed. If innocent, it's very charming. I let my children sleep a very good So tell me here. You're awesome. How is it working with a lovely bear below? If you're not real Michael, he's a cartoon voice by John Goodman Hey, look what I could do with this You never know who's gonna be sleeping in Michael's bed I'm here with my next guest. No, go love in my bed It's a big TV star the child who plays simple which is summon and my pv blue Hello child who plays simple which is son and my pv blue By my her would you like to play a game child who plays simple which is son and my pv blue Sure put put on this mask I'm having so much fun me and my children pay this game with very good all the time Put the mask I'm here Touch this one So grab some more hilkin cookies Enjoy whacko jack offers on late night TV like you've never seen before It's sleeping with Michael Jackson weeknight sunfawks You know, it's a one point there. It sounded like they were feeding kissing Oh no 1118 at five sixty WM happy Wednesday to you whether you're like it or not 120 votes. They think Bob Hopel be the next celebrity to croak Ronald Reagan 70 and then weigh down everybody else small potatoes Even a pope's only got 23 Mo and I are tied with 13 apiece lucky 13 But I'm as 10 theory Lewis nine strum termin eight Johnny cash for tuck has been for Larry King's only got three Oh, I heard they're dreaming and you want to know why they see is only got three because they don't watch that show I don't blame them, but if they see them he'd be moving up on a list And you notice what spot is coming up on the log tell much spots next to that log Carlos Barbara Cusville or Then next race Yeah I just mentioned that in passing so that PD Lenny can take more heat because he's got me a piece of copy that's got wrong information and wrong information PD Lenny Bad mouth and everybody else in a building and this one's a piece of crap and this one is that and you got it But in the meantime can't get it right can't get it right and doesn't care enough to sit as very best to correct it before we get that spot on again Here's a call from plantation hello Neil yes sir. I have three Okay, for dick Clark and Bob Barker. I'll say die together and Walter Crankei Walter Crankei, it all the walters looking to fully sprite compared to some of the other ones. Yeah, I hope Bob Barker takes it. Okay, thanks See this guy put it well listen he's entitled sure we asked him who do you think will be the next celebrity to die in this case. He thinks Eddie also hopes there's nothing wrong with that I mean it's a little hard ass, but what's wrong with being a little bit of a hard ass. He just don't like Bob Barker. Maybe he liked what's your name. What was that broad? There he goes Now what is that this is Bob Barker music. I never figured out what tell that was I'm sure Boca Brian gave it to us and that's what that's supposed to do Oh, it's speaking about Boca Brian you know every Wednesday around this time my phone rings in the other room and the FedEx They you know tell me downstairs come and get a FedEx when you get ready. It's said when so on right as around this morning It's almost 11 30. I bet you I never get another FedEx as long as I'm here the next hundred years Between you and Duff you know what I'm saying between you and Muff if brains were dangerous then Duff got off this instant it'd be the safest building in America Probably never give me another FedEx to probably like confiscating them Five six at now maybe he'll call it until Carlos when he has sent it out. Okay, so a few little bit better about life I'll have my death Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a 18 T line here's up. I'm on a wrong line Both of you got a god Like I said it was an act of God Well, how come all my lines aren't saying this Carlos screwing off there again. What is he doing? Is he picking his nose? No, I see everything fine puffing up a faggot all the lines say where they're from? Uh-huh, okay Here's Pembroke pine. Hello Yep, right line Pembroke pine. Hello, but it but lies in Manelli. What about her? He's a look at look at good follow-up. Yeah, okay But more importantly, no. What did I even do to you? Oh no. Oh my god Talk about falling apart of the same Carlos your losing control the ship is rudderless at this point. He's like cat and quig without the balls Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. What? He was on the phone He's on the phone Here's Hollywood. Hello Hello, Neil. Yes sir. I got one for your list. A Pagoda fish. Yeah, he's he's on his way out You see him lately? Yeah, he's on the comedy channel a lot of month ago and looking bad huh? He I don't think even those things that I think he's gone. It's just pop them up another dime. It's okay another prison of Dante. Okay. Thank you sir 567. Oh 560 pound five 60 on it. Can he help me out for all time sake time? Can't do it, Sally Ring the phone is just ringing a fraterally. Well, what is he doing? So he said I want you to do it. I'm gonna Brian on the phone Who was answering your question? No look how long would that take how long could that possibly take, okay? I'm leaving right now. I'm gonna I'm gonna get in a car. I'm gonna drive down there I'm gonna take you that that's she of you got. I'm gonna sharpen up a little bit extra and stick it deep in his back Okay, how long would it take for him to say I sent it out Monday? I sent it out Tuesday I'm stuck it up my ass anything. How long could that take 10 seconds? Oh, maybe he was given a bunch of new names for the poll too Yeah, we got some new names for how about the Heiney Manu's Here's Hi Ali. Hello Yes, sir. Yes, I My name is for as I think I'm speaking for the Latin community I think the illegal Situation is you bashing in the situation. I think that is not and I think that they you know how long you've been working on this pony voice sir How long you worked on this pony voice? I am thinking through you You are thinking seriously your full of crap. Okay. Get lost with a phony voice, bad. I tell you I didn't realize the 11 to noon. I was gonna be like an little interlude here I didn't realize that but that's fine Another with a phony voice just like yesterday the first call we have with a phony oj and this and that or until joy Jim Simpson any black community any Hispanic community That's the one of my most birth friends. No doubt 567 were like falling off the track. So what did book a brand tell you Carlos? That it was on its way he had already sent it out that you should be getting it today Ow, oh and the thing that he that was on the DSVCS was truth and consequences, Bob Barker I can honestly say for the first time in 27 years and a couple of weeks This is the first the first time. I won't say the first time. This is one of the few times I ever felt like just Throwing my hands up in a year and giving up. You don't say just getting up going and living room Turn on the drive and movie channel and just say and screw you guys. I just want to give up Did he just answer my question? Yeah, he did is the what they he sent it out He said he said he told me when you should be getting it even say when he had sent it out Here's a call from Miami. Hello, hello, Neil. What we have here is a failure to communicate folks. Yes, sir How about what? Okay 567. I'm gonna do my bedtime stories okay because they're out of material. They got no more maybe we're all out of a list Because I'm out of patience. I'll tell you that See here here is the question what they did he send it now what they did? He expected it again here since he don't know is as for my elbow, but it comes to custom what they did? He made all that out what they did he physically send it out. That's all I asked was that a difficult question? No, thank you. I'm just gonna have a conversation with myself God Almighty Between ourselves department today and by the way, we got this spot coming up now pvlanymaka contact with you. We got a correction. No, no Thank God for vacation effect. I might start like a little soon. You're like in about five minutes Thank God for coming up very very soon because it's just I'm different planets here. I'm gonna reweat that facts that letter to the guy sent a gray and kind of re-emalyze it 26, but now the seriously didn't I ask what day did he send that up here? Yeah, and Did he respond did he give me an answer to my question? Partly not okay You stand corrected Start if you like moan. I'm feeling like I'm surrounded by just the hostility all around like yeah like that, yeah 26 after 11 at 5.60 WQM. It's getting boiling over there. In fact, I'm starting to warm a little bit right here Then a little hot out of the collar This turning on a hot stove to cook dinner turn you off. Maybe you should start grilling and for all your barbecue Neat chop at barbecue's galore barbecue's galores the guarantee low is prices in town and this weekend They even get lower because barbecue's low is holding their big annual spring sale and depending on what you believe Okay, see there's this Thursday Friday Saturday and Sunday or Friday through Sunday only take advantage of huge savings like 15% off most barbecue's and accessories at barbecue's galore Save over 275 bucks on a 52-inch grand turbo stainless steel cart with rear rotisserie stainless grills inside burner their prices Unbeatable or how about saving on a Weber grill discreet for tailgating? There's a barbecue for every price range and smokers and patio heaters and accessories cook books and sauces the roll on sale too You get a big selection awesome sale prices An eligible and friendly staff no fit you would a right grill for just whatever your needs are top brands great service An annual spring sale going on True Sunday only at barbecue's galore their the barbecue specialists say 15% all week and log in barbecue's galore galore galore they're located in plantation and coral springs for info and exact Stirl locations call barbecue's galore toll free 1-800 grill up when you call be sure and tell me that PD Lenny is a major asshole 1-800 grill up for barbecue's galores I Met a girl who hated my guts I wrote a song when she drove the nuts Put in a square water To There are Disney can't Many It sucks, I suck, I suck, I cussed too hot And they took out all the efforts, they were done Just beat them away Now my song is rated PG You say we're moving up, hope that I see They should never mess with my arms Lancho girl, the very best part Hey, you rap man You think we're blind man You're so fucking nuts That just you are And they took out all the efforts, they were done You say we're moving up, they were done I'm 33 to 56 to UW-KU and my big new new one I was coming up any second now and I'm too soon I guarantee that HBO is to the Pino Stug Gandalfini HBO and producers of the Hid cable TV series The Suprano is 5, 100 million dollar counterstudius The Igens James Gandalfini The 4th reactor plays America's most popular mob raw A boss Tony Suprano Back to work when the series resumes taping later this month Gandalfini is to the cable never can Suprano's production Zinc last week in LA Superior Court Seeking to cancel his contract On the grounds of the company had failed to inform him In the series of an order 8-4-5 season in a timely manner How do you like that huh? I saw that I think it's time for them to order eggs One of those Just quit it Already quit while they're behind 5-6705-60 pound 5-60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Here's Miami Hello Ladies and Miami, hello Hey, how are you now? This is a lady in Miami, I don't think so 5-6705-60 pound 5-60 on the AT&T line Yesterday is when the package went out Here's Miramar Hello Hey, Neil, I got one for you live about alcohol seems He's on there Oh, shoot Okay Okay Hold on, hold on Go ahead I got a question for you How come they can arrest P.V. Herman 3 freaking times P.Counsens For looking at pictures of a little little kiddies on the internet Michael Jackson is over there doing it with little kids And he's doing interviews and he's basically admitting it He's got more blackmail money And what's going on with Hollywood stars? It's a poor thing Like say, oh no, no, he did these Good boy Wait a minute, who's other than Liz Taylor Who are these other Hollywood stars? Well, first of all, his whole family But that's a... Let's see because they want to back on a gravy train Even Latoya who worked at a book and outed him a couple of years ago Now she's back out in public She wants back on a gravy train On Sunday's stand Uh-huh Why? They want some of that hush month Every Sunday, everyone's always down in their team And I people get to have some They always, you know, it's like this It's like the O.J. syndrome, you know, but Well, you know, even a sin till he's proving guilty I don't know Here we go Okay, pal, have a great day Just don't sleep with him I won't Which celebrity do you think is going to be dying next And when we say celebrity, I mean, I'm on air And mole and Hank and some other I mean, we're not really really celebrities But why do I not put us on air because, you know, we're doing pretty well I am I got 16 votes and most got 15 Huh? Yeah And the way things are going to there I think I may move up that list real fast Like to the top Uh-uh Five hope, 131 Ronald Reagan 70 We're seeing the fact, I mean, I understand that it's very difficult to communicate clearly from so far away But the reason I asked the question is if he just said it yesterday It's certainly possible that maybe it'll be late today before it shows up Or maybe even tomorrow Did you see what I'm saying? Yeah, the point he was trying to make is that he said the same day that he always sounds it so he should get it Should have gotten it And that was my point he was that I did not get it There is no message of any package having arrived any FedEx Any other guy damn package And I point being that that would be a real serious problem If all my crap starts a stop to show enough You see what I've been saying? Yeah I'm ready to pop some cough drops here John Paul's got 27 New Roger's 16, Mohour David at 15, I'm as 11, from Thurmond 10 Jerry Lewis is only got nine good God His head is the size of an apartment building He's what got nine votes But hey listen, we asked the question that's why we asked to see your take your humble opinions Here's a call from Boca, hello And you? Yes sir Uh, Janet Reno No No No, she's ready, but she's not even close She'll be around a long time She'll be driving her red pickup truck up And not in her she highway for a long time See now they're just they're grasping for straws Do you see what I'm saying? They're just picking names Not like how much do this The others Not like when we do this the other times No, no seriously, I mean you know once in a while to do that But now this whole hour they're just reaching I think they I think maybe we got them all We do have a very impressive list, sure How's Hank doing by the way? He didn't have hardly any votes The hump is only he's only got one vote I got 16, Mo has got 15 and a hump is only got one And our gold scenes got one And Jeff high is only got one Oh no, I feel so much better Well they haven't seen him Oh, I haven't seen these people lately That's all I can say, okay? I mean wish all the best to everybody on this list at least most everybody But uh, wow Yeah, I feel safer now Here's what Lauderdale, hello Yes sir Is he still alive? Yes, speaking of people at sleep a little boy I mean, uh, not that's so little He is barely alive, but he got to be 100 years old He was on another radio show And didn't know what he was talking about You don't mean Howard I do Okay, he's been on Howard Show free I worked out Howard Stern by the way The real Howard, not Howard Mohour David And I got a question for you yesterday Anybody come up with hocus focus by focus No, that's a good one, no Try to get through yesterday, could you? Maybe they thought it was bogus Okay, have a great day Yes sir Allow is grandpa from what you call from the monsters He, uh, he didn't like little boys He likes him like a little bit older than Michael, yeah The ones that are too old for Michael 560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon line Here's Miami Beach, hello This shows up Miami Lakes, like I said What that was the guy again? Yeah That was him again Don't forget Treasure Island's 18th anniversary And excitement magazine 10th anniversary The biggest badge this afternoon 5-7 George will be there, book a Brian will be there, Miguel Viner boy and maybe the beast I know why do we say maybe the beast What? Well he said he was going to show up But you know how that goes Yeah He said he'll be around And if anybody's seen him, they know Anyway, it'll be a treasure island this afternoon 5-7 Located off the palm metal just know 3-126, Phoenix You can win great QM prizes And of course you can check out this week's feature Head to Kelly 5-7 and Treasure Island this afternoon Somebody win 500 bucks, did you say? Right? Plus bar tabs, t-shirts, hats Right In other words, they're going to have their own Really nifty prizes, some real worthwhile stuff As opposed to the usual embarrassing crapped I'll give away from QM because we have no budget for And I'll let them hold my knife You'll enjoy it, your whole despair And maybe even sharpen it up a little bit Funny till noon at 5-60 WQM If your bald spots speaking to Mo is getting really embarrassing And you'd like to do something about it Be said putting a silver animal on the top of your head That glows in the dark Here's the answer, check out Fieri You know, you can go to a lot of other people Everybody in their brothers these days is a peddling hair But Charlie's the best in the universe Which is why everybody with a brain A wealthy, the and not so wealthy in the in between They all go to chuck, he's been doing it for him for over 25 years Because he produces sensational results With you need a lot of hair or just a little bit to fill in that ugly bald spot The most amazing natural hair line as well So get you get a head hair that looks like it's real Like it's going out of your scalp As opposed to like Dennis Cassinant She's been making the rounds lately He's running for president You seen him on there? No. Bad piece Aaron Brown on CNN seen him Oh my god Sam Dalsen, we'll see him no more Charlie for over 25 years has been doing guys right And he'll do the same for you And if nothing lose but that bald spot Because Charlie gives you a 30 day guarantee If after 30 days you know of the way it looks and feels and smells And the hair too, Charlie give you a full refund And when you call Charles Alfie, I'll be sure you mention you know Roger's because it'll give you an extra 200 bucks off the regular price Call him toll free today and get your hair back and look great Look better and younger than you ever thought you could again 1-800-3212413 That's 1-800-3212413 Or log on to Charles Alfie or e.com And log on to Charles Alfie This is for 30-560 2-1-2-1 And I picked a bad day to squish nothing glued Here Here Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Boy Oh Oh Oh Oh Whew Oh Oh You Oh You might mention my name, the Vice-Mash of Current. Can't hurt, 1145 at 560W to kill him. Only 50 minutes away from our gigantic wins, they knew to one hour to thank God for that. Speaking of music, ending with some silence at a turning for Phil Spectre's idea. Yesterday, the music producer will be cleared in the death of an actress found shot to death at his mansion. I'm convinced that the thorough and activated investigation of the evidence by Los Angeles Sheriff Department of its criminalist and the County Courney will prove that Phil Spectre was innocent of any crime. Attorney Bobby Shapiro. Full dissociated press. You notice how these people just never go away. They might go in a hiding for a little while and sooner or later they surface again the same old tired suspects all over. Bobby Shapiro said the ap speaking publicly about the case for the first time since his clients for more than a rest. Spectre's 62 was arrested for investigation of the murder and released after posting a million dollars bail. He hasn't been charged in a 30-state they were investigating. They're looking into it. Oh, man. Bobby Shapiro. Well, one thing you do know for sure is that he won't be teaming up with Sleepaily orjotted cockring on us one. No. They don't want no part of him. And the feeling is mutual, evidently. Here's what good one it says. How can you possibly forget Mike Wallace? He looks glued together. You're right. He's still going strong. But he's about 145 years old. I put him down. But about anywhere our moral. Also. Well, nobody told me, you know, 560, 0560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. What do you think will be the next celebrity die? Bob Hope, 141. We really did screw this all up. I haven't even done it in the beginning. You know, the five or six hundred for like an hour and it was bad. You think by now we'd have some clue how to do a pull. And what Carlos, we'd have some clue how to do this right like yes, that it was sensational. Was magnificent. With 80 Zinian votes under between the two poles. We did over 1500 votes on the two poles combined. And today we'll be lucky if we get, you know how many we're going to get? Bob, third man. That's exactly exactly what I had in my eye. Oh, God. Man, when you're not there, it's so easy to forget. Just how depressing it is. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm doing okay. Hey, Neil, I was calling you from the day land area, but now I'm in Miramar. But I want to let you know a little bit about the making good progress. So just keep on going. I know, I'm headed that way. What are you going to stop the bank robbery at the Metro bank on day land? Okay. And then got all the areas blocked off with every kind of police car or motor vehicle. And either they can shove in the way to get you, stay away. And it's still going on, huh? Yeah, and they got hot to do this inside. I heard the four cleanup people were the first ones to get approached by these people. Okay. Thanks for the info. Have a great day, buddy. I need to. So there you go. It's almost noon. It took us only three hours to finally get a little bit of news information from one of our list news out there. Because the stuff they had on CNN with Susan Candy out of these, much as I loved Susan it was kind of like, but I beat, but it didn't really say anything. Maybe we just missed that part. I don't think so. But at any rate, so there you go. It's down by day land and they got the Dixie Highway all jammed up and closed up so no wonder everybody's a little bit psychotic down in Dave County. And I'm saying, more so than usual, a little concertom's in Dave. Here's a call from four-laterdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? I'm okay. Hello, George. Hey. Hi. I have a couple names for you, Liz. These guys aren't. They haven't reached 100 years old yet, but I think they should be on the list right there was a lot of them. Right there. I'm here. I'm always just sticking in his two cents in there. Okay. Number one, Johnny Dark. Johnny Dark. Johnny Dark, yes. He's not. Johnny Dark isn't an old guy. He's not sick. He's not sick. Huh? Johnny Dark's not. He's not sick. He's not sick. He's not sick. Right. Number two, I think the sort of was, who? Alex Bowen. He's not old, but he deserves to be on the list. What? He's not an old guy. He deserves to be on the list based on the watch. Because he don't like him. We're not asking who, we'll do that another day. Okay. Who do you wish would do? Yeah. Brother. We'll see all the votes that I'll get. We'll put George on that one too, of course. And Mo. No, no, no. I asked him who do you wish would die. In fact, we're never going to do that. Pull that's an evil. That's hostile. Anger of a Chrysophila, like I said tomorrow. If you could put one magic curse, who would you like to see die right now? Well, you know, any other place nobody would do a hostile, he'd pull like that. But being in South Florida's the perfect thing, if you know what I mean. Yeah. And sure is. And by the way, I don't want you to get nervous, but I still have an handle packet. No call about eight package down there. I'm going to do some tracking. Yeah. Yeah. You're going to do some tracking. If I was you, I'd be like, I know it's real clean. Okay. I'd be popping cock drops 10 at a time. And then of course, I'll keep you busy all day. Five six seven, oh five sixty. I can't do that again five six seven five six eight pound five sixty on the AT&T. Here's Miami. Hello. Oh, okay. Thank you so much. That was what the better calls this hour. I'll say that. At least she was a cooperative. Pembroke Pines. Hello. She was at least friendly. Pembroke Pines. Hey, Newly George. Hey, sir. Hey, I'm by the Joey Bishop and Rodney Dangerfield. Both on there. Thank you. I guess I better read the whole list again from the top. But we're almost done with this. Thank God. This was a, you know, the camping winners every day. They can't be and whoever facts this made me decide the. I don't ever facts me an idea for a. I'm from Boulder. I'm not, I'm not blaming anybody else. I'm not like some other people. We have an estate to point to fingers in everybody else for the wrong failures. I screwed up, you know. The guy made me a suggestion. And I thought, well, let's say it to bad. I thought it was okay to you. Yeah. I thought it was good idea. Cool. Everybody's pole on andicking. Poof. That's okay. Both on and down. seals. And we were breaking them from one. Sitting around speculating Who's gonna kroak next, but the audience said, don't like it, they hate it. They hate it. Who do you think will be the next celebrity? They hate it. Who do you think will be the next celebrity? Famous person, whatever to die. Don, I miss Ronald Reagan, Jerry Louis Bob, Hulp, Catherine Hepernirmus, David Brinkley, Robert Blake, Paul Harvey, Billy Graham, Joey Bishop, Marlon Brando, Al Goldstein, Mickey Rune Gregory Schmeppek, Kirk Douglas, Rosemary, Keith Richards, Axel Rose Red Hour, Bob Dylan, Al Lewis, Grandpa, Strom Thurman, Papa Bush, Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter, John Cretchen, why did we even put that on there? He's not that old. Somebody called him. Oh, Johnny Carson Edmickman, Bob Barker, Larry Hegman, yes or Amaphart, Muhammad Ali, Andy Rune, Jack Parr, who's not a good shape, I guess. Of an El Castro Dick Clark, Walter Cronkite, Ava Goda, and Mike Wallace. He magnificent list to choose for an owl. Keep the Death Watch going, okay? We'll fire it up for you. And keep that Death Well Keep our eye on it. Keep spying all that will be surfer in the net, frantically. Look at that, speaking of dying, the market can tell again a downward slide, not good, not real real bad yet. The Dow is under 7500 though, with 7451 down about 75 points and SX down 12, it's like 1250sum. Oh my god, 1200 and some odd points. They showed a thing the other day where they're paying like at some gas stations in California, $2.29 for our super for pre-Mutut 29. You ready for that? No, not ready for it. And they're saying, oh, they're saying this is only the beginning. I feel like Tom Jickman, Grafsinger, I must be the show. No, must be the show today. That's be all of this failed communication. We just need to be a little disjoined today. That's okay. Things always are a little rocky before vacation time. They like it that way, and so forth. I always like to give it a little agit before we have a chance to rest up your brain. 5 hopes got 146. I want to give you the double digits. Ronald Reagan 82, Pope John Paul 28. It's not even more after the first two and of course, again, the problem being that those first six were on there for like what about six hours? 40. It would be like having an election where you can only vote for a one candidate for the first ten hours the polls are open and the other one you can go for him when they're the rest of the time. The last two. Like the last election. Right, you got it. Pope John Paul the tooth has got 28 votes. And Mo and I are neck and neck nose to nose, Mo. It's a race. It's a house race. 20 votes of peace for me and Mo Howard David. Strom Thurman 15. Don I'm a 13 in Jerry Lewis has 10 even though his face is the size of a Mount Rushmore. And you know, all this talk, I don't want to sound morbid or anything, but they're talking about they're targeting the Empire State Building. You know, the terrorists and so on. You remember who gave us the Empire State Building? I mean, I mean, a statue of liberty. I'm sorry. Remember to give us the statue of liberty? The Frutch? The Freedom Frutch? The Freedom's. Here's Port St. Lucy, hello. Yes, sir. Hello, how are you doing? I'm doing okay. I'm getting this one in, but it's kind of late. Rosa Parks. Yeah, she's older than, I'm a fuselage. Oh, yeah, any day now. Okay. I'm a great one. Thank you. Yeah, I'm Batman drives and Rosa Parks. What? I'm sure that's old. No, it's not. I just made that up. And it's pretty weak. Just like his showed today. Rosa Parks, we got her on her. That's it. That's it. List is complete. What about that song by, um, the 1910 Fruit Goam Company? 2-E-2-E. Huh? Or Smell Gibson would say, do we do we do we? Oh, what about that one? I didn't realize Smell Gibson was also a little on the if I semantics side, did you? Oh, he's a Catholic, you know. Oh, well, that explains it. Anyway, we'll get to list this up on her and have a good time voting. If you don't want to vote on this poll, because obviously you hate it like poison. Just read all the bedtime stirsers about 100 of them on her today, including a couple of the thing, uh, knock your socks off. Okay. And also get some people really pissed off, which we like. 1156 at 5.60 WQA. I'm show me the money. Come on up to Pablo Harness track on Saturday, March 15 this Saturday. And we will not only show you the money, but if you're 18 or older, you can get a chance to win into the money machine. You'll get 20 seconds to grab as much cash and betting vouchers as you can hold in your hands. More than $100,000 of your programs and will cost you a cent to enter. That's because Pomp and O'Park has free general parking and free admission every day and night. And that's not all. You can also take any losing betting tickets next Saturday. And I put your name and address on the back and then we're a chance to win. Not only to get the money machine, but also vacation trip to the Bahamas, including Round Trip Airfare from Fort Lauderdale. The grand prizes at trip for two in Treasure K Hotel Resort in Marina and Abacone to Bahamas. You must be present to win this Saturday, March 15. There will also be music fun and great harness racing action. As always, we got live racing Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, Sim 15th and great final casting through a bridge in the harness action in Highlight every day, seven days a week. I'll come in at Pomp and O'Park of Black Style, the Atlantic Boulevard on Power Line Road. And don't forget to come out to Saturday, March 15. You could win yourself a vacation trip for two in Treasure K Resort in Marina and Abacone Bahamas or the Crystal Palace Hotel Casino in Nice, on the Bahamas. You got all of that? No. Good. Good. Come on, Mike. And look, this is Fort Real 560, the 21st of July, 2am. Tent Home Lands Security Tom Ridge, advising you to put duct tape on your radio when I raise the morning color to pink for the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour. The 7th of August, 4am, got a never-time eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eyes eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eyes eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye Oh, I got a roll. You keep your roll, I got a roll. You keep your roll. Are you the fairy and he's gonna get married? All right. Are you the fairy and he's gonna get married? All right. We're the fairy and he's gonna get married. Oh, I got a roll. We're the fairy and he's gonna get married. He's a queer, a war of meaning and proof. And a thousand times a week. With wedding issues. Don't confuse us. They'll pay the dues for what's fancy. All there needs is truth. The reader, me, a confetti, so is God again, nanny. The fairy and he's gonna get married. They'll pay the dues for what's fancy. All right. We're the fairy and he's gonna get married. We're the fairy and he's gonna get married. Oh, I got a roll. Don't confuse us. We're the fairy and he's gonna get married. All right. We're the fairy and he's gonna get married. All right. We're the fairy and he's gonna get married. They'll pay the dues for what's fancy. Hello Mr. Rockham. I'm gonna get married. First up, we will do the roll shock test. What's the love when you roll your tongue like that? All your boyfriends. Excuse me. God, I got a good one. The roll shock test is in Blots as they say in English. And I will show you this in Blots. And you'll tell me the first thing that pops into your mind. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Come look at. What do you think this is? Oh, oh. And this? That's about. Okay, and this one? That's about the station. All right. How about this? Bobby Valentine's night right in the Blotie pony. Interesting. Let's move around shall we? Let's try some word association. I'll say a word and you'll tell me the first thing that pops into your head. No, Mr. Rockham, we haven't started yet. Here we go. Ball, Gainus. It's cat. Like or wave. The color blue. Where? You don't chant. Why are we trying waiting a moment before you respond, jerk? Mr. Rockham, I only wish to be a friend. Why got me on his couch, Doc? You, Mom? What? Your fried boy? John, I'm a man. What's your wife's name, Chuck? No, actually he's glad. Yeah, your glad is today. That's it. Come out of here. Woo! Why are you running? That's that running, John. John, are you a wild thing? Do you make my hot thing? Hi. This is Jocelyn Elders and I'm mad. Man, it those right wing sons of bitches that force Bill Clinton to fire me. Just who do they help they think they are? All I was trying to do was deal with the reality of sex and teenagers. Maybe if Jesse Holmes had buffed the chip or new gang rich had butted the call to Little Moore, there wouldn't be so uptight. Flocking the dog never hurt anybody. And if people did a little more that we might save some lives, Helen Clinton just stayed home and spanked the monkey. He'd even be in less hot water. Teaching kids about masturbation would be no big deal. We could even take some standard teaching tools and just twist them around a little bit like See Dick Ruh. When you see Dick Ruh, get to the doctor because you picked up a bag case of crowdskriek. Folks, we got to get really about the realities of the world we live in. There are too many kids out there taking a baloney ride and parking their yacht in Hair Harbor. Now if we just teach them to stay home and paddle the pickle, pump the pie's on, walk the dog, wax the carrot or tickle the taco, we don't all be better on. And that's all I have to say. Now I'm going home now and see if Mr. Elders wants to pop it in the toast and hail the oyster and buzz the grill. If we don't really go to the community, we can be in a place you can. Man, don't you ever take a bath? If we don't, we can't make a big deal. If we don't, we can't. If we don't, we can't. If we don't, we can't. If we don't, we can't. If we don't, we can't. If we don't, we can't. I can blow bubble. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. But I know. Because hair and ears are oozing down. Dirty and light and mix. I think that dance will will be cute. The cheese joke or honey. So remember I said to him when I'm my two. He gets it. But every one fish goes to the stairs. Walk through home and sideways. And he's covered with very long hair. Mama said he don't care. He said he didn't give me a treat in the mall. We're not too sure what's going on there. Stay away from me. Josh, we know it's a happy birthday to anybody. No, Stan, Angel, not one is a new one. You're gonna blow through me. Josh, we're gonna blow up. He's gonna get squeamish news and if I tell you, why don't we pick and sell it by the pound? He's dead. Got so bad he's got six gold in. You can wreck it by all over the room. There's staples up and down it. Just to hold in all that crazy old food. Stay away from me. Josh, we're gonna pick and care. It's a weird story. Don't like me. I think he does. Don't go to bed. Josh, we're gonna pick and care. Come here. Come here. Don't like to throw them to use it. And there's a thing when someone calls me and his own door. So, you're looking for a job at ESPN, right news that we said? That's what somebody said. 10 minutes past noon at 5.60. WCM is our big noon, noon to 1 hour every Wednesday we do that. We love it. We like it a lot. Here's a question for it. You have $2,000 more on a credit card. If so, listen to this carefully. Now, debit K to consumer counseling will help you. It'll cost you Zipo, nothing. That's right. It'll cost you absolutely zero. Devicated is a nonprofit company that'll contact the companies you owe money to. And they'll cut your payments in half. Call 1-800-4-0-debt. That's 1-800-4 and letters N-O-D-E-B-T. And debit K to help you cut your interest rate, eliminate late fees, and save your credit. And they'll cost you nothing. The bank pays debit K to do pay nothing. So, if you're trying to battling credit card debt, call debit K to do it at 1-800-4-0-debt. Call and find out how debit K to help you out. You got nothing to lose. If you have had it with credit card debt, high interest rate, and late fees, call debit K to consumer counseling the handle wall from there. Call right now 1-800-4-0-debt and don't forget it cost you nothing. My regular local, they're 65-60, the re-usoleurs company. I'm a QAM. Our David's a bit. Oh! If you can't find a sum of a bomb or a rack, if a market's a rack from a bomb or a rack, if the terrorist, their crispy, Pakistan is looking shifty, nor three is too risky bomb or rack. If we have no wildlife with the bomb or rack, if we think that someone's business will not rack, so to help with the insurrection slits, but tough for me, the election's closure mind is pink, the election's bomb or rack. Call and find and follow orders will not rack. For our life, it seems our borders bomb or rack. This agree will call the trees and let's make more of our policies and aim it if we have no trees and bomb or rack. Oh! You are the more as you got it. The bad dog is back. Singing more to us on the bandage seats, while you're in two. Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Dancing more to us. Over number eight is back his Paring Off with The Great! Singing more to take his would even blow for big stars. The bad dog does him all. quase in the stomach of his old rice sushi... almost double, cheers! Oh, right! It's an all-new British invasion with the Mad Dog singing like a man. I like it! I like it! I like it! The truth is finally out that Jim Mandege was truly the fifth people. We got to get in love and give it a love! Oh, we want all the slas! We're the powerful set me in. And now your history, you always say we say you don't be a bad man! We're the nation! You're the great! Here's the Mad Dog's entrance to the King. Here's the whole of this. Oh, man! Oh, man! The Mad Dog was just a little ambivalent when we asked him if he wanted to do it again. I don't think so. Oh, we had Luke and Razi Pam a little miss and tell him either his brain's or his signature would wind up on the contrast. That's kind of a big piece, cute. Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Mandit's sing. I'll new you, a little now if you won't quickly. Oh, man! I swear! Oh, man! Oh, man! Oh, man! Oh, man! Oh, man! Here, God. We've got had a bomb and took a hit then woody, act like Chee-chon-chon. And give thumb on cheese and make brownies filled with hat. And woody sharing with Jesus and the saints, the pies, pie, his and yeah. Hardest, great, yes, yes. Hardest, good, yes, yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What a God! No, can't have us. No, can't have us. No, can't have us. Get in high on the back of the bar. Just in and out this get in so. Are you sure? On a grey hump of two row. To get some better get home, bro. But the couple got back to take home. No, can't have big bob Marley on his throne. No fun and heaven and this your door. Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile tonight. On inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. We take a good hard, stiff look in the start up there infectious pop styleings infected us with an infection until we took some antibiotics in the thing for the way in a week or so. Say, with the bow. People are all you're asking us where we got the name to pal. Hey, in this weird interview, to Paul leads singer Carol Decker makes the rash assumption that we give a flying f*** about her and her stupid band. Well, to power the character on Scar Trek she was a Vulcan high priestess. Interesting man-off. Confessing that she named her band after a Star Trek character, Bradette Carol Decker is such a hopeless geek that it prevented her from getting way during her entire tenure as a famous person. It's ironic you know because as you probably know Vulcan has to make what every seven years or they like explode. Why no Carol you annoying strange person we didn't know that. But let me ask you this if the band to power doesn't have a hit every seven years. Do they explode too? Well, I don't know. I mean like what are you getting at? I mean will you had that one hit and it's been well resetting? I mean what? Ladies and gentlemen, a little glimpse about the world of E-like if TV show announces had all the power. It's a big juicy shopping web luggage show business tonight on inside the line. Don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don I'm a crazy homophobic, not that I'm a nid but I'm way too old, I bet the size about fear and death, it attrists with feet looms and my men friend, it's a big opportunity to win a Sunday, and then ask him to break my bun, now there you know the again, though I would not feel the most old, and I would not be ashamed about a ginger and moke, you young, just pull and then stroke in the way, boy make the way you're not my guy, just sound like a nine year old kid, only a macho belly guy, you don't know me, that makes me lift my wig, if ginger was a lover of mine, I'd bury my bullfist baby now, inside is simply re-rerended to the day, no I would not be a sport home, if I was not a closet of faith, that's why a ginger and moke union would make me feel givey and gay, everybody follow my thousand bulls, yeah ginger and moke, you young, that would make my sorrow fully ass, you say, if we had a ginger and moke, a union, then he wouldn't have to get me raped in it, there's a new prescription drug whose name says it all, finally a prescription medicine that always gives you more than you'd expect, isn't it time you experienced side effects? They cause loss of blood loss of hearing loss of virginity, vertigo, impatego, impatego, impateants and prisonmen, shrinkage of the genitals and large amount of the genitals, softening of the brain, softening of the stool, loose duels, barstools, toast duels, huge free historic bats who have been out of the sky and eating your dog, how about toast is highly-very, very, very, very, very manalo, rectal bleeding, rectal numbness, numbness, chest veins, hunger pains, dry mouth, cotton mouth, large mouth, small mouth, hell mouth or death. Side effects is perfect for everyone, not intended for women who are pregnant, women who are men, men who are pregnant, children with dogs, children with dogs who are pregnant, the elderly, the young, kitty cats, steep, hairy, tadfoles, tadfoles who are pregnant and pregnant pauses, indiswangers like these. Ask your doctor, pharmacist, about side effects, and find out if it's responsible for the mysterious, postulent growth under your laptop pit. So, 24-560 WQA, if you're still reluctant about ordering a bed on the phone, don't be reluctant because I've done a charge has done it, Miguel has done it, and order the phone too, order the thing. You're your phone? No, body. Over a million people of bottom actress over the phone from bottom actress plus hundreds more are doing it every week, and of course by now you got to know about dialometres and the unbeatable deal they got all the way around. Nothing makes a bigger impact on the way you feel every day than if you really live with night sleep. Call 1-800 mattress, 1-800-MATTH-RES right now, you'll have a great night sleep for a long time to come. Thanks for our good buddies at dialometres. They carry to best in the universe two, no seconds, no off-name brands, and nobody ever heard of they got silly, service, him and king coil, every size and style, whatever you want they got it in stock ready for just about immediate delivery. Dialometres is ranked number one at customer side, as fact they got more repeat and referral customers than anybody else because they know how to treat your right. Once you buy mattress and dialometres you'll never go back to those showrooms and departments doors again. And don't forget when you do buy your mattress and dialometres they'll set up the brand new one take away the crappy old smelly bedding, for free. You heard me right, dialometres takes away the crappy smelly worn-out old bedding and sets up your great brand new one, absolutely free. So make the call right now for a great night's sleep for a month and years to come, call 1-800-MATTH-RES for dialometres the easiest as smartest, the most inexpensive way to get you a great new bed. I don't know about when you fit yourselves to it costs, but yet, a lot's all more secure in the store. Come back some afternoon He's got this place for you One thing you might remove The auscage for gas discovering you One mile to every scary inch off His face like a boat's sleeping One pair of moonwalk plates at a wandering time The sides of what blood He's naked Where if he takes you on the His blankets Take his nose a plastic and break it My nose is bound to be a loss of fire When your body is neverland When your body is neverland watch for His hands When your body is neverland Some give me twisted about that man High close and sleep Will knock you on your head Welcome! We close, sunrise and she's fly Our sides we begin to see And some leave a traffic or in tune We close, sunrise and she's fly Come, we close, sunrise and she's fly Come, we close, sunrise and she's fly Come, we close, sunrise and she's fly Come, we close, sunrise and she's fly Come, we close, sunrise and she's fly Got a fly like a sewer And a bandit position You're a big and crazy For a hate and condition Now it's down to the fire Because your pitch is horrendous Well I hate and land up But this low is still pending Close, sunrise and she's fly Take a ball you hear, we clean down You're looking now, we're looking now What a shocker Use the body to be in the dark Close, sunrise and she's fly Then we can take your balls to come all over town This is such a fun and deep cloud Everybody goes, sunrise and she's going down, down, down All of the day She just loves to think of six tonight She's big, so we'll take so time She's not ready, she's a die All of the day All the way, she just loves to think She's run out, run out, run out Touch your feet She's not ready, she's alive All the way Time up to romance up a chichas Sailor, oh my head She's such a proudest drop on the day Oh, what a die She's not dream, we'll probably just get big She's a top-up of the chichas She's not ready, she's alive Watch the real justice She's a top-up of the chichas She's a top-up of the chichas You're gonna die That's nice. When she turned off all the light, there's no place where she could hide. Oh no. Oh she was gonna get hurt. Oh, you're... You're... You're... You're... You're... You're... You're... You're... You're... You're... You're... You're... You're... You're... Oh, J. went out to kill her. Oh, J. went out to kill her. Oh, J. went out to kill her. Oh, J. went out to kill her. That's... That's... One day, the jury's gonna set three O.J. Oh, we know he's gonna head your way. Oh, yes. And O.J. found a catch up. He's true. O.J. is gonna fall back to you. And then you'll get away with that one too. Oh, yes. O.J. is gonna get you. O.J. is gonna get you. O.J. is gonna get you. You're gonna get you. Roger, and don't get you. O.J. Roger. OK, MJ. OK. You killed me, Kou. You killed me, Kou. Oh Oh So And now the sound of Pamela Lee breastfeeding on the set of Baywatch Oh it's good. It's a good stuff, Pamela. It's a good stuff. Are you saying that or are you saying that? Well that's what I thought you'd say about that disease, a phony synthetic boob bitch. Anyway this poll today, I think it was doomed from the beginning. Well it was death. That's a good point. It was a death poll. I think it was DOA baby. Who do you think will be the next celebrity to die? And it just, I mean there is one or two things or both. Either was a bad poll that bad idea in a first place or the fact that we did it around that Carlos and Eric did it around. Wasn't it Carlos? Sorry. Bob hope 160, Robert Reagan 91 and after that it's like, you know, maybe that's part of the problem. Hope John Paul the truth has got 35. He's not looking too good. A 12-voltive four. More Howard David and 30, the arrived was 22. More your pull on a head of baby. Although after today I'm not too sure. Don't I miss 15, Strom 35 and 15. And Jerry Lewis has 10. Although I think they're underestimating his abilities, you know. Yeah. There are some communities in America that are not as big as his head. In fact, any of the good poll question, who's got the bigger head, Joe Rose, a jury Lewis or the Beast? 21 to 1 at 560 WQM. Tom Layman and Joe Prieto and Halipadi XGMC are pleased as punch. They're proud to announce their Neil Deal March Madness sale at school and on right now. The OLDL number one, pick any new GMC or Pontiac in stock like the 33 mile per gallon vibe. Price to slow is 13,998 and get 0% financing for up to 60 months. You heard me correct? 0% for up to 60 months. The OLDL number two, choose any new vehicle and stock and get you up to a $3,000 rebate. Absolutely correct sir. Get up to a $3,000 rebate on any new vehicle and stock. See you again. Absolutely correct sir. Thank you. Halipadi XGMC has great Neil Deal's unused car trucks, SUVs like always and also like always if the other Cardi-Listinger credit is marginal or really sucks. Halip would make all those problems go away because they'll cut your deals some way. It's another set of great Neil deals going on right now and Halipadi XGMC 341, Satixie, how are that two us going across from the falls? Open every day of your life except Christmas day, seven days a week. For more info called Neil Deal Hotline, toll free, one, triple 8, 5344211. Mission my name down there and it is perk up. One, triple 8, 5344211, don't forget all Neil deals has subject to credit to provostey De LaFordatails and Halipadi XGMC who definitely be professional grades. You're a little bit too much. You're a little bit too much. You're a little bit too much. Hey tell, raise that. Number seven hundred pointing eight of the greatest songs of love. Especially by the lady in your life by jelly Lewis. Riding when I wish you a good season. So many love songs for your lady all interpreting by the love. Myster himself and a little superstar in our day of our cherry Lewis. And you're a favorite lady love song. Lady lady lady lady lady lady lady. The cross by big rest and so much. It's an amazing confetti of up seven hundred forty eight love songs for your lady all Physically remastered and all performed by the masterful superstar in cherry Lewis. I didn't cherry him by even joining a gay tell record. And they pay a very special musical tribute to the lady. You don't get this arrow's bit classic. And you look like a lady. And you look like a lady. It's cherry. Baby with a parrot. And the lady's hit never sounded better. That ain't no way to clean a lady. The lady, the lady, the woman. And listen to the cherry's music and interpretation of the super hit from a king of funk. The lady, the lady, the lady. My way today, the lady, the lady. The lady, the lady. The lady. Yeah, I'm a good man. I'm a good man. That's another forty eight. I'm the lady song. I'm thirty five CDs. There are one hundred twenty three eight track tapes. All remixed and glorious models from the original cassette masters. And it's a collection you'll cherish. Your friends belong and you're a lady who will never forget. So yours, this is seventy eight. They miss the only thirty twenty five. And this is only from K-Tell. You can tell us K-Tell. We go. We go. We go. We go. We go. We go. We go. We go. We go. We go. We go. And let's go. We go. We go. We go. we go. We go. We go. Like holding it my hair And so I go the window down so I can't stop there It's felt like something died in there Girls don't fart Girls don't fart she kept a cellity that girls don't fart But I do I heard another deadly sport Where Then I held my nose and covered it with my shirt I turned around to get her back Which just a matter of time before another attack I can't It's new and it's at Burger King Godfather trilogy action figures They're fun for the whole family Collect all 10 mob action figures with each wiper fries and super large drink and that's a super large drink No exceptions get sunny in his favorite garbage can so you can beat the crap out of Carlo after he punches out sunny sister or get the bullet brittle body of sunny after he gets it at the Jersey toll boot Wow, is it that great impress all your friends with the dawn himself? I'm a human offer. He can't or hear so start organizing your neighborhood now and get the Godfather action figures Remember it's only business and it's at Burger King Well 47 at five 60 WC. But this hour sure really pleasant, you know, yeah stress free. I'm doing here a lot of these oldy moldy ones Let's see we got the man dog at one Hank in the studio three to seven a whole four hours and Isn't it yet a whole four hours seven o'clock it should go panther preview because we got the panthers in a Montreal Canadian the frogs At the macaroon of 739 Eddie K. Red after the hockey game in July Mark overnight That's our schedule here on Q. I am how's that thing coming down in detail and by the way to bank I ain't seen that to knew about it. No, they were checking the roofs of apartment buildings last thing I saw on the certainly not news network Last chance for us to promote the big-doinstunight its treasure islands 18th anniversary and excitement magazines 10th anniversary the big parties today And you in little George Bokabri and Miguel a Bina boy and maybe even the beast if you're really lucky at Treasure Island 7.5 to 7. Bring out some big-porque rods. Okay, maybe one of them will hook up with a beast He's a dirty good chance he'll show up. Oh, right like I said bring some big fat tummy brods who couldn't get late in a pickle patch and maybe he'll get lucky Anyway, it's located as just off the palm at oh just north I would've soaked up thinking about that all the two of them rolling around together Like smooth a lot of flour treasure islands just off the palm at or north of the 120 seconds free earths It even went great queue in prizes. Maybe 500 bucks and cash maybe a bunch of other crap and check out this week's feature Heather Kelly will be not gonna all over the place five to seven treasure home the Sampinone I'll tell you what I'm popping up here Besides my brains out Oreo made every day for my blood pressure and my blood pressure isn't quite as good as Carlos's which is what 30 over 10 Yeah, okay Carlos that his blood pressure is like six over three something like that. It isn't quite that low, but it's really good For years I've been talking about the health benefits of Oreo made and I keep telling you because it works Oreo made soft shells contain pharmaceutical grade olive oil not ordinary plain olive oil But super concentrated loaded with health benefits Oreo made every day cannot produce the risk of heart disease not cholesterol Plus there are 14 different Oreo made formulas to choose from each one from binding pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins minerals and Rivals the support specific needs from bones to blood pressure to your immune system Just pick out the formulas that you'd be needing and now there are three new Oreo made formulas when to help you sleep What it helped you control your weight and cook you 10 which is damn important for your heart to leave me and Don't forget what my doctor said doctor, but she said I got a good squeeze and I said doc squeeze this You'll find only a minute public seconds well-weens whole food markets to borrow and Sedanos or order it online If you like an Oreo made America calm for more information call 1 866 Oreo made that's one 866536633 Get your only a month today and start poppin it in your push for better health you That's Joey Reynolds, Randy Rhodes, every Bruce Drew might be so... Waaaaah! And every other hang of me ask this pen through I'll be soars, yes thank you! I'll go near you, oh! I'll be here to sit this singing business And you have been changed, oh bitch! Even though you had to paint their shit From TV to GMS, they're all like big weekend's Yes, that's all the memories A hockey and a bird, and yes, those boy birds And now as we've figured your gentle and as we were, Did you see our weaving to the west book F peligsty Een, my life is deaf! I was wrong that Age! You were with the innocent of me ass! We had to pass the boring, no more trash No, no! M Brandeer!! I got nothing but goddamn d Beschive What do you mean like always? I'm not going to stop and get raped in and I don't need a rating that my mind is safe. Don't dare, I want you to look at the sun dust, don't decide a way to lay a little harder on the guests you've lost. A real shit guts to go. There's a lot of fat producers you know. That's right, but you're back. You won't wait for more no more no more no more. But you're back. You won't wait for more no more. Oh, brother, I'll let blah, blah, I don't understand. You can eat from a truck while you're in both animals. Perfect, that punch of an rating's balls. You just take Clinton and it's all your fault. And a straight-gip badass out. Well, I'll make the food out of you a mouth. That's right, that's right. But you won't wait for more no more no more no more no more no more no more no more. That's your back, that's your own way for more no more. Is it what we say? That's your back, that's your own way for more no more no more no more no more no more no more no more no more. Like if that's what you want, quite the more no more. You're who I am now. Yes, I see you got a strap. You know, right now what we're trying to do is try to get back. Make you some other one. I'm like that karaoke cafe for X. The number's right. I've got to you and buy the scrotum. Never really showed up. All my poison and my warheads. Oh, none of them cooked. Never long, got their my best. Oh, I got the fact we make an enthrash. No sin, kiddies backpacks. There's no way or make me dead. Hey, golden power should've looked out of the tower on my hand. Ah, people sing along with me because this is not really what I have. I've got the United States going crazy. Trying to convince people to attack me. Except for Sean Sandof Gors, who's on my side. He loves me like crazy. Funny little poop. Oh, get used to a life of hard knocks when I give you the small punks. It's got a long, a little harder. Oh, silly boss. Cash the tower sub dish murderer. Back them. Back them. Back them, back them. Please check the winners and winters. Good night, God. In the shocking season finale, Evan Marriott, a K.A. Joe millionaire, made his final decision and selected Zorah to be his beloved. Then the twist. The bundle Paul Hogan presented a couple with a check for one million dollars. But that's not the end of it. There's another twist. Not revealed on national television. The million dollars given to the couple actually belongs to a Colombian drug cartel. And they want it back. Chief Go. Yes. Where's my million dollars? Met that rich guy, isn't it? What rich kid? The Joe millionaire. Who? Joe millionaire. He's still from me. Yes, from me. Yes, from me. Are you kidding me? No. I want that money back. Chief Go. Am I getting it back? Cardi's throw, cheat go. Now hold the throw? And nothing but the throw. So have me, God? Evan and Zorah are running for their lives. But that's not the end of it. There's another twist. The money to fox go from the Colombian drug cartel was apparently stolen originally from a Jamaican crime syndicate and they wanted back. See you, much, the money, Mark. The Joe millionaire, God of mine. I'm in a month. We gave it to the Colombian drug cartel as our own money. You didn't buy from them. The meaner can't got it from the TV show. Yeah. Watch the kid do when we're my million dollars. You're one for Card. Why are he following up with Zorah? I'm sending it to me. Tell me about that month. I'm going to keep the money back. Man, I'm good weed to make. Okay. Put his throw in the month. Don't throw? And nothing but the throw. So have me, God? But wait. There's another twist. Evan and Zorah are really brother and sister. Ehh. But not just any brother and sister. One twist. Willie Osmond. I'm a little bit Joe millionaire. Get her live. I'm far. Alright. Love it. That's the first time I noticed Bumma Cloud in that bit. I admit too. 167 votes. That's why I played thanks for the memories. That's the only Bob Hope that we got. 167 say Bob Hope's Crook and X. Ronnie Reagan's out his ass with 96. Bye bye. The rush is your own unclassic. He's only two and my only four more years. I'm 30 man.