on the sky, there you best in the sky. I hear most of that piece of stars. I'm gonna go through the moment when the door. There he was just a walking on the sea, saying, Do I get it, Do I get it, Do I get it, Oh, He's a man from the land of fellow, He's a, Do I get it, Do I get it, Do I get it, He's the peace good, He's the peace f2 He's the, He's the peace good, He's the peace war into one, The next thing I knew we had a layman on his feet saying, Do I get it, Y'all my daughter speaks in the ring, Do I get it, Do I get it, Do I get it, Do we walk down, Walk down to m хотя, My daughter walks down to m хотя, and he cured a leper source. Whoa, whoa, whoa, some say he's the son of God. There we go. Yes, they do, but there's other people to get so out. Now he's the reason that we haven't used the day soon. And to what they did it, they don't did it. Are you sure? And he's the reason that all the Christians pray. And to what they did it, they don't did it. Only prays him, prays him, kneel down, kneel down. Prays him, kneel down, a man who wore a thirty crown. To what they did it, they don't did it. Do what they did it, they don't do it. Oh, do what they did it, they don't do it. Oh, do what they did it, don't he's the two? Oh, do what they did it, don't he's the two? Oh, do what they did it. He's the two. I know two. F560WC, this is the big day we've been waiting on. You know, I can't, you smell the tension. Yeah, I was up with that. I'm maybe deaf, but if you're a little present in the studio behind him. Uh, you can smell it all the way up here. By the way, all you people are getting all goose by. Everybody that comes in are, oh, how you locked yourself in this apartment up there? What is wrong with people? Man, what is wrong with these people? Correntined. I keep trying to tell you there is nothing going on here. Okay, the World Health Organization should only croak. They have no idea what they're talking about. And everything here is just fine. Okay. Oh, we're fine. Come on up, bring a lot of money. Bring a lot of American in the cash. WCOM, our first call of a very pressure pack Friday. Hello. I knew how it things up in America's attic. I'm all rolling at 15. Back home. A bit of zero zero empty. Anyway, how did that pull come out yesterday? What kind of a phone was he on? Back home? Which of these things do you care about the least we asked yesterday? We had 1473 votes. That's pretty heavy, do you know it? Harness racing with all apologies to Dick and Steve at Pompeto Park. I've been telling this for years. Even though we should probably talk a little bit about Ted Taylor and Dick McCumber. Harness racing 292. George is sex fantasies. 292nd place by over little over 100 votes, but nevertheless, the strong showing. They don't want to hear any more about George than a can't get lead. Okay. About eating ass and looking uh, pit and the popping zit and all these other things. Okay. Well, how are David's in third place with a very, very strong showing for the old man? 196. They care about him the least. Scott and Lacey Peer is in 156. I have the new tabloids from March to 6. I mean, whatever it is, may 6th. And they're on a front cover of all three major tabloids. But needless to say to any other room, because I'm not talking about them. It's uh, I don't. I refuse to care. I don't know who the hell they are. I don't care who they are. But there's a there's a zillion horrible stories about people getting murdered every day. And immediately just takes and chooses which ones we're supposed to care about. Florida Marlon's 143. The paper said 9,069 was the attendance for last night's win over the as they sweep the brewers. Y'all they however were let the cat out of the bag because he said he was there last night. He said there weren't uh, no 9,000 people. He said it was more like that. More like that at that came last night. Who are they kidding? See, that's another thing I don't understand. These owners of sports franchises. There are people there not too many, but there's a few people there. How can you go into a place and see like 1500 people there? And then you look into paper that are stay 9,069 or whatever it had happened. Last year when a plane that some guy came along and bought up 20,000 tickets because they didn't want to be embarrassed by being last in attendance. So they just make up a number. In fact, we just got the advanced outer waiting. We got 75 minute people listening to the show right now. Right. Like I said, we got 14 trillion people listening to the show. People have been born yet. Anyway, Scott Lacey Peter's in 156 Marlon's 143. The NFL draft which got a late start. You know, if we had that honor to begin the show, it would have been way up the ladder. Still I've won 18 Stanley Cup playoffs one or eight. So even in a non hockey town like San Florida, there were more people interested in here about this now. How about those mighty ducks? The grandmurge mighty ducks. In about 17 over times they beat Dallas last night, three to two. They've on five straight or four to three prime straight to playoff games now. Undefined in this year's playoffs, they mighty ducks. The NFL draft 118 Stanley Cup on a weight. Arbert tried radio ratings 42 and politics 30. So you go from the bottom up in terms of what people want to hear are more interested in it. Politics about 30. About 30 man. And then, and Arbert tried radio rating. So once those numbers come in, you're going to hear, we're going to read numbers just all over the place. 2.7 4.9 8.6. Right. I can't wait. I'm not going to tell you what station they are presented. I'm just going to read the numbers like the ball scores. W to q i m. Yep. Yes sir. Good morning. How are you? I'm doing good. How are you? I'm sure you heard. Did you read that article yesterday in the. Um, Harold about. Um, son of a human. No, I did not. So now is the human. It's a, it's a, uh, tongue of the court from the National Enquirer of Egypt. St. That's a lot of his in Cuba. Really? Now I understand through the Great Bar. I know what you're talking about. I have a who yo. I understand they're going to be rallying this weekend to get some. And for doubt, how the Cuba. So I just figured I'd let you know that. Well, thanks for the good news. At least I don't think so. One more day stay the same. Thanks very much. What was he talking about? 5.6.7. Oh, 5.6. And I'll just tell you right up front. We're not going to pull any punches within a day. Okay. In fact, we usually don't pull any punches on the show. And who do you think would be good to play more? How are David and that movie was talking about the QM movie? After Mickey Rooly? You'll Brenner? Huh? You'll Brenner? You'll Brenner was an ugly old daughter being fully didn't have any hair. And he put on some grotesque hairpiece. I got a good idea. How about Aaron Brown? He's not old enough. Come up with some old guy. I'm thinking the old guy had a band hairpiece, right? Tony Bennett. He doesn't have any band hairpiece, but he's ugly. He's ugly and the shame on you man Tony Bennett. Most got more wrinkles just in his vericose veins and Tony got in his soul pussy. He's pretty bad but not in Mozilla. Now he's he suffers from over there. They're all worried about SARS and Toronto. I got to this for a day. They ought to be worried about scars and a QM building because he does have scars. That's what the beast told me. That's why you won't see the beast no more. He's just alienating himself from everybody even worse than Mo. I think. If that's possible. Can I call from Fathboy this morning before the show, Jeff? I'm in total denial he's in a hospital. Some kind of a valve problem with this heart. He said, now we related, pal. Now we related is what he said. And you could hear he was eating a couple of breakfasts while he was talking on the phone. Now we're related. Why is it that most fat people are in denial? Let that post me. I'm fat. I'm not in denial. I'm disgusted with it. But at least I know I'm fat. I don't deny it. I don't say, oh, what are they always say? Genetic. But not just genetic. What's the, the language. No, not glandular. The thing with your thyroid. What do they call that? It's related to my, uh, geez. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, I'm a metabolism. I am a metabolism. You're useless today. Of course, beater voice, so that's any day. But metabolism is what I'm thinking. That's always some excuses. A glandular thing. It's my metabolism. And you can hear them shove it in the goddamn muffins in your post. Well, it's talking. You know what? I really like are those, um, those caramel coated, uh, what they, what are the colors? Those buns sticky buns. Can you ever get a cinnamon? Yeah. I go to the airport and just to smell those makes me swoon. I mean, it's so good. I don't get them, but I mean, because I can't. I'm not sure if we go to like tilt. But those sticky buns, the ones that you make in the oven, do they still have those? Oh, yeah. Right. Where you, you, you, you bake in yourself and you put the, you put the goo on a bottom. And you put those things in there. Oh, god. So little, uh, care frosting that you, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I got about the frosting. Oh, right. Well. Yeah. Let's talk about foods 11, 30 when those numbers come out. Come on. I'll just talk about picking out. Yeah. He's in a hospital. But he said they're going to have been procedure on Monday. And he scared spitless. He didn't want to say that to me. But he told that to be in a boy scared to that. Nobody said terrified. Terrified. He is absolutely terrified. You think this has been a work in scared to crap out of them? No. I guarantee he's probably got his fat family bringing him saxophoo. Well, I was in a hospital. Just like that scene on Harald, where he had a 600 pound guy that couldn't get out of bed for like months. Had to got that headbed source. And there was his wife who weighed about 450 and his father weighed about 380. And the whole fat family that would just come in and bring just enormous like dozens of pizzas and enormous buckets that can toughy fry. And they would sit around and shove it down there. Pussy. Sit around this guy and bed and they would all cry. Did you ever see that? Yeah. And then they finally had an airlift the guy out with a crane. They had to lift him to the police. I'm not making that up. It's a true story. They had an airlift him to get him out of the house. He couldn't get through the doorway. And of course, at this point, because we, Harald, are doing that day. Moistubez, he showed the enemies where our troops are. But I wonder what happened to that guy. He died. Good chance wouldn't surprise me that when Oscar Lopita said and sunny lot the lot. Here's some good news for you. Those people that were very concerned about us at QAM, very jackass rights, WQM retained rights to the University of Miami football basketball and baseball for the next two years. There you go. And it's close to renewing its Panthers deal. But you're guilty. He's excited about that last part. That means Gildi can really put on the big campaign. Now especially now that the seasons over for the Panthers. And he can put on a big campaign to step. I mean to get to judgment Donald's job. Do you want to pan to play by play? What do you say, Gildi for play by play? No chance. You're out, Gildi. You whizled you little batch dabbing whizled. Isn't that what man dogs are we talking about backstabbing whizls? Something like that. Time stealing backstabbing. Whatever he's talking about, he really means Gildi. You don't want to say it because he's too nice of a guy. I'll say it though because I'm a prick. You're a batch dabber, Gildi. Well I wish you could have been a fly in a wall and heard that call he made to me more a couple of times but that last one couple of months ago. Just whining. What am I going to do? You were right. Norm Kamp was right. I should have done it alone. This shows a disaster. Remember when I hit that real bad member? So if the ratings come out today and the morning show goes in the tank again. This is a distinct possibility. Don't give Gildi my number up here. I'll cry. I don't want to hear his mining. I can't stand it. 12 minutes after 9 at 5. 60, that I'm also not a lot of silence there. The whole place is when we just quiet. Don't just start choosing my moments carefully. I don't want to piss anybody off you know. Whoa. Whoa. Yeah, exactly. Well done, Biner boy. Tell it like it is. Real pussy. Hey, I'll tell you a great place for a pick out this weekend. Talking about people I love to eat. And that's the Emerald Coach Chinese buffet. Can you see the beast? Fat boy, Josh Friedman and Julio all walk into the door for the Emerald Coach. Which you're probably a put a big sign closed for our repairs on a door. Anyway, there are open for you anytime. Sunrise, North Army Beach, and our impeller plans for a real delicious feast. They got so many things on a table sitting out there for you. You'll have a tough time figuring out where to start. Probably start with what or more those six different great soups like you're wantin. And then dozens and dozens of suck of the non-trays are handled surf and turf on the weekend like this weekend. And New York Strips take me to order just the way you like it. At the gourmets center, that's that sizzling Asian grill featuring Terriaki's steak and shrimp and chicken and seafood handcar per Merbondlotsmort. And at the Emerald Coach like I always tell you, no matter how much you eat you walk out with a big smile on your post and not a headache from the MSG because they don't use it in no crap. No MSG, no cornstarch, and they cook only with cholesterol for your oils. The buffet at the Emerald Coach features a full salad bar, a new sushi bar and fresh shrimp cocktail, and don't forget Emerald Coach's famous lobster biscuit, a festives back featuring lobster thermators and lobster bisc. And please bring a big healthy appetite which I'm sure you're well because the dessert bars worth saving some room for, with pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream, no your favorite toppings and fresh fruit as well. Emerald Coach, you'll find them in sunrise that's original soft-loaded joint, Pine Island of 44th Street. They're on Calant, 7th of just north of 163rd in North Miami Beach and at the inner section of the flamingo and pebble growths in pebble pines. The accept reservations take out of delivery available as well call 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. 5-7-2-38-22 get the whole game together for a real feast of pig out at the Emerald Coach's Chinese buffet. Anybody have a heart or a liver? Yeah, you barbie, barbie, barbie, sorny, you better watch out, can. Wow, barbie's really horny. Yeah, look at her, go after 10. They're both gonna melt. The new or any barbie comes with her own handcuffs, neck of jay and lubricant. Past action can, sold separately. 19-18-5-60, WQM happy Friday, boys have beautiful day here today. Gonna be in the mid-50s, low humidity, sun is shining. Everybody's running around with a mask on, not, no, I don't see anybody with a mask on. Remember showed up here last night, that's a bad news. I mean, that's a really good news, did he have a mask on? I told him, I said if I was you, I'd always be wearing a mask, okay? But that's beside the point. 5-6-7-05-60, palm-5-60 on the 18-18 out the pole today. It's not one of those that you're gonna have to call in about. In fact, it's not really a pole, it's our annual survey. And you know this, how not to in the ethnic thing this time? Right. That gets to be too, I don't know. I mean, in addition to which what difference is it make? No, we don't really care what you are. As long as you're out there, in fact, look, we already got 17 listeners. So before those ratings come in at 11.30 this morning, and up full of me some stuff, I can't repeat on here this morning. You were over a Eve dropping, right? And over an under Eve dropping. But that's pretty interesting. So 11.30 could be even more dramatic and melodramatic. There is no way to tell what the way we're gonna go up or down or in or out. Theals annual demographic survey, which are you, and then we got the age thing. May old 12 to 17, female 12 to 17. And we break it down 18 to 34, 35, 54, 55, plus. And I voted on there so I could see the results. And as I said, I, what do you call it? Not a vote. I registered on there. Oh, I, I registered my existence. And when I did it, I thought to myself, male 55, plus. Because I can remember today's rise to do like, male 25 to 54. Yeah, right? And now, male 55, plus I'm one of those throwaway people. Gees are, in old gees, right? A throwaway guy, the ad agencies don't want me. They don't want any. You had no interest in me. Male 55, plus, how do you press him? We got 22 listeners already on there. Oh, log on to there. Okay, let us know that you're existing. That you're alive. There's really no way to tell you. I mean, we could have a million people listening, we could have, uh, about 30 minutes. We don't really know. Because the colors is like the same 10 people I'm going to show as anyway. Right. I wonder if one called in this morning, I missed that. I did hear the, uh, do do do do do do do do do. And I guess he's my favorite to want to call his mom. He says you should be played by more Howard, uh, more Howard. Do do do do do do. And of course, this morning, more, I guess, must have been a really good mood for attending to be in a good mood, chuckle a little bit. I'll put that fake kind of force laugh. WQAM. Good morning, hey, though. Yes, sir. I guess I'm getting up there too, because I'm close to 50. I actually have 50. I almost forgot. On, I hear a spring chicken in South Florida, man. You're like a teenager. Hey, um, I cut the poll this morning on a.o. You look at that at all. No. What was the question? Well, they're asking, um, you know, what reasons will you not travel this summer? So the three choices are, a terrorism, B, SARS, or C, fine answers. Yeah. The most of them are 70% over a million people to guess what's one. SARS. No. Fine answers. Really? Well, there you go. Yeah. But you're like that. So in other words, they like to blame it on these other things, but everybody's broke. Nobody's got to dope. Exactly. Any free tickets? Yeah. Yeah. We got tickets for a great new life for a pal-hang on. That's funny. Dike attacks America. Media's never for gun-ho coverage of golf conflict. Not when I say, Dike, that's not what you're probably thinking, you know? Pretty exciting news about those U.M. broadcast. I know somebody who's real happy about it. Yeah, but he's thrilled. And his little bald sidekick there. Greg Dike. I love this story. This is the most important story of the day. Just to sure that I'm not hyperventilating or hallucinating about the coverage, and about the propaganda that's spoon fed to America, round the clock, the raw-ross-spoon-botsher-leading crap. Greg Dike, director general of the BBC, attacked American television and radio networks for their shocking and gung-ho coverage of the Iraq conflict yesterday. He also issued a warning against US companies being a lot greater ownership of British media. Mr. Dike said that charges, a changes to legislation proposed by the government would allow American media companies to take a greater share of British television radio, which could lead to loss of impartiality and news coverage. We must ensure that we don't become Americanized. He said, Mr. Dike also accused the government of trying to manage public opinion and apply pressure on the BBC. In his first public comment since the war Mr. Dike said America had no news operation strong enough or brave enough to stand up against the White House in Pentagon. He said, personally, I was shocked while in the US by how unquestioning to broadcast news media was during the war. Mr. Dike said that since the 911 terrorist attacks many American networks had wrapped themselves in American flag and swapped impartiality for patriotism. He said, I think compared to the US we see impartiality is giving a range of views, including those critical of our own government's position. I think in the United States especially since 911, that would be seen as unpatriotic. Mr. Dike said that on our recent visit to America, it was amazed by how many people just came up to me and said, they were following the war on BBC because they no longer trusted the American-electronic news media. Mr. Dike was here some of his strong criticisms for clear channel, the largest operator for radio stations in America, the company is likely to be a beneficiary of government plans to open up ownership of commercial radio in Britain, and we got a couple more stores on it a little later. He said, we were genuinely shocked when we discovered that the largest radio group in the US was using its air waves to organize pro-war rallies. We are even more shocked to discover that the same group was to become a big player in radio in the UK. Mr. Dike attacked Fox News and CNN for what he described as Dunghoek coverage. In contrast, the BBC was an 800-pound guerrilla that was capable of holding up the government's attempts to interfere in editorial decisions. He said, there's the best article I think I've read about much years. About 30 men. At least. How do you like that? Yeah. See the rest of the world there, look, you know what's going on here. Anywhere can people because they're mesmerized by that 27-inch tube or whatever they're sticking their nose in 15 hours a day? They think, oh yeah, this is Rauross's boom-bomb man. Don't be on patriotic. Don't be like them. Frick and Dixie, chicks and that Michael Moore guy. So we'll see when the numbers come out at 11-30 this morning when the ratings go. Because it's not even any more just what it used to be. You know, whether the luck of the draw, it's not even just that anymore. And always every four years before presidential elections and during the campaign, you always have a tough, especially if you get it all political, which we do on this show, you always have a tough grind. Because if the people who disagree with you politically, if a lot of them get to die, is you're screwed because it's like voting. It's like the ethnic stew, you know. That's another thing we're up against. The ethnic stew think it's like you're going to the polls. Voting for whichever ethnic stations they pretend they're listening to around the clock 28 hours a day. We always had that. Now we got this new dimension where like we're in this perpetual war. And it's us against them. The most unbelievable thing. I George almost fell off the chair this morning. I can hear the gurgling in his bag this morning. When I read you that headline off City Post 24 there about the administration is now weighing what punishments to meet out to those countries that didn't side with us on the war in Iraq. This is insane. This is like science fiction. Yeah. This is like a 1984 all over again. So it's unbelievable. What punishments were going to meet out to those countries that didn't side with. Of course, when you consider the fact that the overwhelming majority of countries bigger than your thumb in the world didn't. Didn't side with the American Britain in the war. They're going to be a lot of punishment. Maybe that's why they're back to making nuclear weapons again. You see that they're gearing that up again. They're starting to manufacture nuclear weapons. They're going to need lots. Yeah. Oh, we're going to do all of this stuff. We have so little time and so many countries to nuke. Boy. Maybe that's why they were brought back nuke, Gingrich out of Mothball. He marched him off and brought him back to attack colon, Roland colon. And then he was to the right of a till of the hunt. Let's see what we got on our homelistness. We got so far. We got 78 list new. Well, one's me and one's probably you. Yeah. So we got 76 real listeners because we know listen. 41 male 35 of 54, 21 men, 18 to 34. Oh, we got an advice. We can have many 18 to 34. We got another picture for our contest. For the hot couple of contests. That means we've got six. That's a good start because the thing doesn't even officially start for another few days till May 1 right. And then all going to come up to May will let you know. When we stop cut off May 15th. Yes. Is that correct? Yes. You have till May 15th enter your pictures for our thing for our contest. And then Thursday may 22nd, a couple with most of those wins. Of course, the audience votes. They get to go on our website and peruse and take a look at all these couples and see who looks hot and who's like that. And then the hot couple is going to win a trip. 3 day tonight. Stay for two with the world. Oasis resort and casino in Bahamas, including round trip air for our lake or air. And the runner gets dinner for two at the pizza log. And maybe gets a little squeeze from Jeff Cohen. Pretty exciting crap. 927 at 560 WQN and man. I'm telling my psychic powers again. Look at that. What's spots on the log right now? The world famous pizza log. I am scary. You know, that's the most people who see me say. Scary. Jeff Cohen. He's got a scary guy. He's a little less scary now that he shot a shot off that ponytail. I'm cut it off to he clipped it. He sluted it. And now he looks almost like a real man. Like a human being. Regardless of how Jeff floats, the fact that a matter is nice. Friendly human like people wait on you to pizza log. They give your personal service. And you get delicious fresh Italian goodies, all your favorites that are fresh. Cooked to order nothing comes out soggy at the pizza log. And the prices are solo. You can take the whole gang and they're over and over again. Don't forget to be Thursday is bike night at the log. Come on. A motorcycle. Get the second dinner for app. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. You can go to the next episode. That is correct. When Mo was just a child, watch the Thai Company on my list. Oh, my, I'm telling you the pressure is on that man. Today, and of course he might not show up tomorrow at the Dolphin to Big Good Draft Party. Not because of the fact he's too up to the show up, all he probably is. But because of the number turns out he should be really bad. But the bottom line is it's one of those deals where everybody on the station has got a shot. You know, like Jimmy used to say, we got a shot. Yeah, you got a shot, Jimmy. Some people say he should have been shot. Pretty crappy job in our Jimmy. Remember Jimmy's Johnson? No. I didn't read. Everybody has a chance based on January and February, which were the first two months of this rating period, January, February and March. And since he audience is so involved in intensely in this corner that survey yesterday, they're going to be on the edge of their seats. And of course, everybody in the building of the audience of their seats. And everybody in the business will be because this is the one day of the year. I mean, most of the days, everybody in the business and the market, listen to the show even though they've lied about it. Right? Even people are still on the air like Paulie Mann. Paulie Mann. Paul and old Ron. What's wrong with Paul anyway? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I don't care. I'm honest. I'm just killing time because this is a very, I don't know what to say about this book. It's an interesting turning point. Did I say that a couple of days ago? Yeah. I don't know why. It's like a demarcation point in the history of QN. There are like a lot of things riding on this. It's just, I mean, on this show, the question is, can you know, can some liberal fags still be on a year and express this view points in America? Or is it just, is because everybody else now is making this wild turn to the right? Are you sure? Oh, yeah. Is that where we all have to go? Because I won't do it. I mean, if we have a one year, I mean, I'm still going to do my thing and then they'll pay me off. You know, it sounds really good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, and of course for certain other people on the station. I want to mention no names. People are squeezing the bag on a way back to Boko. But those people probably are really hyperventilated. Can you see the steam coming out of the window? What do you say that you sound as if something's going to happen based on bad numbers? Well, I don't think anything is going to happen, but I'm just thinking that there would be a lot of pressure. There would be a lot to answer for. Remember, and we got father said you have to answer for Centino. Carlo? Maybe, maybe, remember who was in a backseat when Carlo was going to Vegas? Clemenza? Maybe when Mo goes home on Monday. Maybe Clemenza will be in a backseat now. Nice, so white to the best that he drives. Never sitting for a Clemenza. Why does he always back it in? By the way, you know this homo. Back sit in. You notice that? No, I don't know which car he drives. The white one. It's always sitting on the inside there inside the covered area. That white SUV, whatever it is. I think that people with big egos back there cars in. I'm not big on that. What's the point in that? Or maybe people were just really bad drivers and they're afraid to black have to back it out when there's other cars in there. That could probably be it. Or he's afraid of being towed. I think he has been towed about that show. WDQAM? How did that cone just vanish in there? Back in WDQAM. How did I know that? He was manipulating it. You could smell it. WDQAM. Cheylon, you people. WDQAM? Neil, how's it going? Pretty good. I know you're not a big fan of Bill Mar. But I'm not an all a big fan. He makes me nauseous. I know. Anybody that would write a book about when you ride alone, you ride with Osama if you don't carpool. I mean what kind of a puss are we talking about, huh? This guy has this HBO new HBO show right now, right? And this week he had a good friend Ann Koltr on there. Oh, see what I mean? Wow, what's the point? Why does that bitch need any more airtime? We don't see how to do. Well thanks for the good news. On the other hand, he had an anklater on there that nasty smelly miserable. She's moving and if she has not already, she's moving to South Florida. How is she's going to swap word groups with Miss Grudge? And who's the other one? I just read. Oh and guess what? I better during the next break. Do let me forget to get the tabloid. Yeah. Guess who also has a pet on South Beach? Mac Damon. Huh? And there's a story in there about how Matt Damon had went home from some South Beach bar with a dozen chicks. And they were all running around from room to room all these orgies were going on. And of course Ben was probably like watching on the video camp. Look at the oil. Huh? He was in a closet like Kathy will a husband. Watching through the slacks. He was watching through the slit. Don't touch it, Matt. Don't touch it. Don't sniff it. But anyway, you know, so everybody eventually moves to South Florida. I don't know what that's all about. I have no idea why. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. How many listeners? We got their George. So a few listeners. We got 157 so far. Our annual demographic survey which are you men 35 of 54 79, many 18 to 34 40. That's pretty good. Male 55 plus like me 19 of us old farts. Female another women thing on here's pretty heavy duty. An odyssey pretty no 35 to 54 11. Female 55 plus 3. Female 18 to 34 3. Oh. Male 12 to 17 appear and female 12 to 17 none. No teenage women yet. Sorry George. What do you laugh? What do you laugh in a bot? Uh, you. You're not fooling anybody? Sure. I'm not. WCOM. Uh, yeah, like to speak to me. Speaking. Oh. Speaking. Does it mean? Sounds like me. Neal. Let me ask you. Does it really sound like me or not? Yeah, that's. Okay. I just want to make sure because sometimes people say, doesn't sound like you. You know, I just want to make sure. With Neil, you got to check out the article and today's content, no. About the senior expo. It'll tell you everything you need to know about self-floor. The senior expo? Yeah. At the convention center. Uh, how it was like Halloween for grandparents. Hey. And everything they brought home shop and bags full of freebies. Uh-huh. Now we're talking. So check it out. I think your audience will get a kick out. Okay. Thank you so much, my friend. And have a happy show with us. So anyway, let's all wrap our shopping center in South Florida. Got that story. All kinds of good stuff to talk about. Just and then the Santa Cruz City and County Sewing John Askcraft and the E.A. for brutal medical marijuana raid. That's a good story too. Lot of good stuff going on. People fighting back, baby. That's a good news. Oh. When it's out, fight them back. Just tell them the stick it. Stick it with a mundo shine. Right, Sally. Amen. That's our message to John Askcraft and quick cover it up and statues. A lot of people want to see the naked boobies. Okay. I mean, do you think John Askcraft would ever go to like Italy? No. He'd have to take somebody along with him to cover up all the damn artwork and Roman influence because they got all the naked statues with the breast and penises and uh... Braccompanises and things like naked. Well, when we invaded elite he'll go there to make sure. I forgot about that. That'd be the first thing we do is, well, we did look what we did. It's all the art in uh, uh, rack. Yeah. So what should stop us there? Let's destroy it. Let's have bust the bust. You know, the Panthers and the heat are done for the season. So as Colis Vest, Valamarlans are off to kind of a shaky start. And the dolphins don't get started for another three months. But the good news is there's a seven weighton for you every day in every night. Pomp and O'Park is open seven days a week for a final casting and live harness racing three nights a week. Including tonight every Monday, we're Friday and Saturday. First, what do I say? I said Monday every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. First, post time, seven, 15 general parking and admission is free. The Pomp and O'Bark in draw like a horse racing action. And like I said, some of casting's going on every day, seven days a week starting a noon with live through a bread, highlight harness racing, some of casting from tracks all across North American all the ships at sea. And don't forget to be Wednesday, a Pomp and O'Bark is dollar might would drag beer hot dog sodas and lots more only a bucket piece. And coming up a week from tomorrow, next Saturday may third Pomp and O'Bark will feature some of casting of the run for the roses. The hundred point out Kentucky Derby early bird wagering starts Friday, May 2nd at 1 p.m. Watch way to enjoy the crowd next Saturday, May 3. For the Kentucky Derby from Churchill Downs, right at Pomp and O'Bark, a block south Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road, don't forget live racing lights, 715 every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday at prestigious Pomp and O'Bark. The only thing that's going on is this, which we're going to fly to. You way, yeah. Gang rape is fun. I died. I died. That was great. Bobby Merchier from Madison, Wisconsin. Hell, I didn't even know there was a second verse to that lemmer about Nantucket. It pays to stay in school. But anyway, let's bring out our next guest here on America's most untalented kid. All the way from Seattle, Washington, here to sing, let me entertain you. Won't you please give a warm welcome to Little Dickie Fickernickall. We're Dickie. Let me entertain you. And we'll have a real good guy. Let me entertain you. And we'll have a real good guy. Okay, Dickie Fickernickall. You know, Dickie and that little green suit, you look like a Pimp Lepper Con or something. I don't know. Anyway, Joe, what did you think? He sucked. Okay, when he sucked, Bill. I'd say the same thing he sucked. Okay, suck number two, Jerry. Really, really awful. I would just say, Pline's sucky. Ooh, Dickie, that's a nice score. It sucks suckin' a sucky. That's good enough to have to qualify for the finals. Which week? I'm sick. I cannot wait. All right. Good ones, Dickie. And we'll catch you next time on America's most fun. So, what did you get? Bye bye, everybody. He didn't really say suck, Dickie. No. 947 at 560s. I hear that story. And thank you very much to gentlemen to call the lay moments ago about the old Farts in there. Oh, senior expo and Lauderdale offers a healthy dose of freebies. Has the sun settled? Sure, there were lots of polished pamphlets with tips and getting wealthy and staying healthy. They were blood pressure test, big band swing music, Ayve, and guest speakers too. It's Oshmaltzi. But the real draw at the Eckerd Senior Expo and Fort Lauderdale yesterday were the freebies, lots are freebies. It was Halloween for grandparents. This is great. When I go home, I'm going to dump it out all on my bed and sort through. It's a Renee Simon 69 who has been the winners in Del Ray Beach. Instead of candy bars and titty rules, her four satchels bearing four advertisers logos rattled with aspirin and sign as pill sample, some pre-pens and sugarfree snacks. Look what I've got, Grin-Gin-Con read 73 of Davy. It was her first senior expo, opening her bulging by plastic sack. She lifted out her favorite trophies, a blue bison that said Covergirl, a tooth floser, a small tube of copper-toned sun tan lotion, a collapsible red vinyl shopping bag of up- Unknown Origin. My bag is more fold because I took two of everything left or husband 83-year-old professional musician, Milo Conrad, who insisted they really came to see singer Jack Jones. They were among the thousands prowling among the trade shows aisles at the Broward County Convention Center, the expo continues 9am to 430pm today. So, right now. Go and grab it. Organizers expect about 22,000 attendees to wonder past 250 booths, echoed at a similar crowd for its first expo at Tropical Canofield in St. Petersburg late last year, and, of course, we all know that the grandparents of the old people in South Florida live in St. Petersburg, and their parents live in, I give up. What's the place up North St. Augustine? Oh, oh. And, remember when Mo had his first vacation after joining to a more than ego? St. Augustine. The idea behind the event is for seniors to take control of their health care, said Jeff Chirtack, handling expo publicity for the chain, with six hem reported drugs during the course we knew hate-acrid drugs on his show, and he had records brought in computer terminals and pharmacists to help seniors research what drugs that were taking in why. But pharmacists mostly chanted among themselves while there would be customers swarmed the best-doct vendors. One of the most popular was Wyeth Consumer Health Care's Wyeth Corner booth, piled with many lip balm sticks over the counter-pain killers, and Wyeth's new Allover-it-MG pills. How's everything? How are you today? Have some, Kri-Tom Broo, Wyeth's National Account Manager, Shuffling Packets, and the bags? Kri-Tom Broo, the records won't discuss exhibitor fees but Susan Rovener, a colon or a funeral superstar, funeral superstar in Margay. Read that again. Oh, only some people that can have a place called the funeral superstar in Margay since he paid 550 bucks for his spot. Carpet electricity in more space are extra. And, you know something, both of you, you're going to have to fast-new seat both of you here. Sir, I can't thank you profusely enough. It's a short story. It's almost over, but this, I never would have, uh, printed this out. I never would have caught my eye. And I catching white casket dominated this play, fronted by a table filled with cremation urns and markers for pets as well as their owners. To give away at this booth, a color television raffle. We wanted something a little more upbeat, so Stephen Cannery, Met Life, Financial Services Rep who works with a superstores class. The funeral superstar, where death is a lot of fun. That's a saber. I'm keeping that one. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Be sure and check on our rep old today. Neals annual demographic survey. Which of these are you? We don't have to do a lot of thinking about this unless you're not too sure how old you are, or which agenda you might be this week. WQAM. Hey George. Yes. Hey, you can go on the air with this. I enjoyed your show. I just want to make the comment a thumbnail about Ann Colter. You know, she's got all the bleach blonde here on the Atoms app. Well, it's not a first sort of a Nazi and drag, only very low drag. Just telling you, I was going to fax them, but I'm in my closet. Ann Colter is an anagram for no real country for all. Don't go on the air with that. What a great start. I should have left it on the air. Oh, yeah. He said, Ann Colter is an anagram for no real. See you next time. I can't we can't say the word, obviously. Do you want to? See you in Tijuana. Don't call it. That was great. That was even better than the a funeral superstore. 560560, pound 560 on the AT. I don't understand it now. Maybe we're getting thrown off. Okay. Because this is a dazzling first hour. A few chuckles in here a couple of pretty interesting stories. And then that guy who is just great. Don't get lulled. Don't get it on the air with this, but nevertheless. That was sensational. This is a little unapatizing though. Rats shut shopping center in South Florida. Sunrise. Oh, hey. Rats you take it over a shopping center in sunrise and trappers are trying to put a stop to it. It's something I wouldn't want to see every day, especially where you work said, Linda LaFlam and employee of the here studio in the university shopping plaza at 8251 Sunset strip. People eating their and buying food. No things are crawling all around all the time. Off all said Nancy Beardy also an employee of the here studio. Owners and employees of the here studio said the rat problems started a butcher shop in a Plaza would shut down Wednesday. The shop also received two site citations from the Barrett County Health Department for conditions that are attractive to rodents. Kind of like most hairpiece. For a kosher market which is supposed to be cleanliness. And then they got that they were kosher down there for a couple of months. I don't know how they got away with it. It's at here studio owner James Rebington. Let me throw out their Jewish. And so it's a horrible thing to know that you're living in a place like this and working in a place like this. And things around that you can't see said here studio employee Elaine Gateman. She said boy channel 10 reporter Peter Densh said that 14 dead rats are moved from the Plaza so far yesterday. Spokesham for tried and property which manages the Plaza said that managers at the Plasers thing on top of the problem. The spokesman wouldn't give an estimate of the total number of rats you moved this week, but it's got to be a lead But third man probably a lot more than that. Oh nasty. I didn't you tell me there was a thing on the news last time with some hotels. And glad I didn't see that. Oh it's funny. The old lady. In fact you can keep the rats and we'll keep the sars. How do you like that? Right. For the funeral superstar. Stop and think about that. The funeral superstar. Have a big clearance. Hail this week. The good week to die. 567. 560. Palm 560. Alcassard. We're getting leld into a fall since then. The numbers are going to come out. I don't need a disaster for everybody. Just smell of cancer. You think Dough is in there probably like doucheying himself and everything getting all work up into a frenzy about this. What about Clarence? Is he showed his push around? Paint scene in the air. He's really fine. Not just under the radar. He's like it's almost scraping right on the ground. W2QIM. Good morning. Yes sir. This ratings will come out. How many times a year has it come out? About 30 man. 4. So it's a big deal today. One of the first come in. Right. Well, I mean there's a monthly. There's a trend every month. Each and every month we have to put up with that but the only one that counts is like the one for the first quarter. In other words every three months, January through March April through June, etc. So the one today is a full rating book. It's a big one. Your show is fine. But the way to send the messages after this book comes out it needs to be some vacant test of management once to send them out. What are your suggestions? In fact, that's a good idea. Let's take some programming suggestions between our 1130 until the book comes out. Get a morning so that's more interesting that you're not going to talk down to audiences and talk down to. Right. Basically, putting some interesting useful people and stuff and making one a listen instead of draw this a Chris Carter will be at this at the ceremony tonight. JP will be there. Yeah. Who else do you say? Oh, whoever whatever. Like, once a morning will be there. I don't care. Yeah, who else gives a crap? Yeah. Good point. Okay. Thank you sir. We'll work on it. I think we got to take a z's and the information minister going to be doing a two-man show start Monday morning. Oh, I'm starting. Huh? I'll be a hoot. Terrac are just at back. Light enough under them. Big stoesey loves. And the information minister will say, there's absolutely untrue. Well, Howard David is not gone. He would have worked on the station in the first place in a month. It would be great. But only 45. What a step up that would be in a world, huh? Now, not that we're like stancing on most grave yet. That was guillity. There was dancing on his grave in a bit. That was a, I got to play that again. Like in a second. In fact, where the hell is that? I am back to the group. I will be performing a lot of fun. So, Dr. Inpoot. See, I didn't even get it at first. What was going on? And then I realized after he said a guillity was dancing. I'm always good. Get out of my way, guillity. I'm first. I get first dibs on that. You twerp your little backstab in Weasel with a squeaky voice. 9.56 and 5.60 WQ. Ever thought about getting a wireless phone. Sure you have. You know how valuable this to keep in touch with your vines to associate during the day, as well as being connected to your family at all times. Maybe your bookie once in a while too. That's what the Humper said. Don't postpone it any longer. Get it done today. Just call wireless city a team of a authorized dealer now at 1. Triple 8, 2.2180. And wireless city will deliver today to your home or business. Your new wireless phone ready for you to use. Wireless city a team of a authorized dealer can offer you service plans. Perfect. Whatever you need. Like their new 39.99 plan would 6.00 whenever minutes. And unlimited weekends too. Call wireless city now. Toll free its 1. Triple 8, 2.2180. Call that an get you the new small size Nokia 3390 with vibrating call alert and hands free. Just call 1. Triple 8, 2.2180. Just like sugar shockers you'll be vibrating. Service agreement requires he printed materials or authorized representative at wireless city for limited and complete the tails. Wireless city be your team of a authorized dealer. So call them full free. 1. Triple 8, 2.2180. 80. Rai in local. Your sports radio 5.60 is you and you. AAM. Power David's a bitch. You asshole. I am back to the group. I will be be phoning on. I'm sorry to interrupt you then. Hi doctor. What do you know? What is say? How are your feelings to tape? Like I've been into a York nut on a patty. What do you think I've been like over here? Minutes is simple. Heart fat or procedure. Just leave deeply into the basket. You won't feel anything. Say, I went on the fast. I can't move. Nothing. Look at that. He's opening up my chest now. Hey. My device. I have to go this taken off his pants. And now he's brought up. Right when my chest is tattered. Hey. Stop. Do you know who I am? Who? Do you know who I am? There's not that I can do. Who? Do you know who I am? He's right when my chest is tattered. I can't move. Who? Do you know who I am? Who? Do you know who I am? Oh my, did you die? Oh my, did you die? It was a beautiful, pure, real mouth. Even if I was the only one who showed up, feel like a fine out of me. Well, looks like it's time for me to do it. I always wanted to do. Come. Come. Come. Come. Come. Come. Come. Come. Come. Come. Come. I know the more bones are left to lie. I thought you would get them all. Of course I said it. I'm an assembly of Moran. Yeah. You know that means both. I got to kill you now. And I had your proposal to answer. I'm already fed to the dinner day. Well, except I never told you about it. Yeah, what's that? I'm dozing the vampires later Who's he? I got to stamp you with my Robin's dad. I can sell about punk. I'm at a mort hole. See why you're The power of price compels you What Tell 3 to 560 W2 and we got an hour and 27 minutes to go. Can you feel the pressure now? Oh, it's starting to get real heavy duty, man If you're open up your window if you're driving around and some photo and you crack you win a little bit And that punji to roll up have no fear. It's not some kind of biochemical crap in here It's the a smell of sweet the success Or failure all depending see I'm thinking now which do we really want because we'd like to get the full bonus, you know Right since so we're all supposed to be a team here on QA And many of us have our bonus structure based on not only how we do in our own time slot, but how the rest of the station does as well So on a one hand mob, it'd be nice to get the full bonus and FQ and B number one and men 25 to 54 Which I think is a little far-fetched this time, but that would be very nice, but on the other hand Do we really want that or do we want more for somebody else to because don't forget It's not important that you succeed but that the morning show fail and that how the saying goes right so wish to be hopeful for most That's right. You're not gonna money That's right. We hope Mo has a big big one 567 in fact when you can't you just see him at the funeral super store 567 05 60 pound 5 60 I can hear him doing spots for the funeral all super store Hey, I would say live spots to them. I'd be a stretch WQAM WQAM hello Okay, sir Yeah Oh, you're not here that what what I mean he's supposed to declare that it's over We're talking about we talking about the one in the rack at the one we're gonna start on North Korea Oh, the one in our right we're serious. They didn't even don't say that again a stand What was over yet? You know how about Syria right? They can't have the candidate what the world is going to get in France Germany. Okay. Thanks for the good news. War is gonna be over next week. Oh, it's just clear I love this story Santa Cruz mayor. This is of course in California in place for this and people with balls and some other people who like him Santa Cruz mayor Emily Riley and county supervisor Marty Wumhout Wumhout joined extremely sick patients who use marijuana's medicine on the steps of the Santa Cruz County courthouse yesterday To announce the filing of a groundbreaking lawsuit against the federal government for waiting a local medical marijuana collective The suit marks the first time a public entity is suing the federal government on behalf of patients who need medical marijuana The medical marijuana collective the woe men's alliance for medical marijuana wham Then we stay the station WAMM is also unique and it doubles as a hospice and doesn't charge money for its medical marijuana The case focuses on the constitutional right of terminally and chronically old patients to control the circumstances of their own pain relief and ultimately their deaths Or I recognize by the Supreme Court How can you go to the funeral superstar when us you can decide when you're gonna croak? We cannot just stand by and watch the harassment of people or sick and dying said the drug policy alliance is duty of pel and attorney on behalf of the plaintiffs We hope the court will see the injustice in humanity the federal government's actions and restore these patients rights to treat their severe pain with the medicine that works best for them The alliance along with the law firm of Birmingham a cuchin LLP senate clear law professor Gerald Yulman Dear Eulman wasn't he in the OJ thing is that a different guy sells familiar Yeah city attorney John Burrison and Santa Cruz attorney Benjamin Rice have instrumental in developing the legal arguments for this case The suit was prompted by array the received national attention lies September in which armed agents from the DEA Stormed wham terrorizing residents in patients the collective was shut down several members were detained Wham provides medicine to patients of stuff from terminal illnesses and chronic pain under California's compassionate use act the state medical marijuana law which passed in 1996 Wham members are courageous people said valourly corollo found to the cooperative with her husband Michael most face In curable illness and implications that brings pain in inevitable death We can only offer peaceful resistance against DEA attacks or hope is that the court's will act as guardians of the law and protect us against such injustice The suit is being filed against attorney general John Ascroph acting administrator of the DEA John Brown and drugs are John Walder challenging the federal government's right to arrayed wham's medical marijuana garden Other planners include seven patients representing more than to us up 200 people at wham's sir us that they serve They suffer from HIV AIDS cancer post polio syndrome epilepsy and chronic pain the use medical marijuana It really such symptoms is nausea and vomiting wasting syndrome neuropathy and severe and chronic pain So I didn't like that good luck to them. That's always said they got the big pair Three can federal government. I was just talking about John Ascroph in the boobs and now here we go with a medical marijuana A kinder gentler compassionate Cancer Buddhism right a kinder gentler fascism is what we're talking about make tell mistake about it boys and girls eight office still alive Yes, the site is great the Republicans dot org. I told you Pointed to great stuff. I'm right chocolate good stuff on there I mean, that's got some and buzz flashes great and That white house.org is a real food if you want to have no matter all the terrible things that are going on We got wars we got dead people. We got SARS. We got everybody has no money the economies in a crap or but if you want a few last man white house.org Make no mistake about it It'll tickle your organ now here's two stories that will really frost your ass frosted mine especially The Bush administration is pushing the FCC to stick to its early June date for finishing up the agencies rewrite of a string of media ownership regulations hurry up. Come on come on hurry up there's in Comer secretary Don Evans told the commissioners in a letter he may have yesterday Then it has enough information to take enough time to make a decision on the regulations. What you waiting for guys The commission has been looking at these issues since 2001 when initiated separate proceedings on the newspaper slice broadcast cross ownership rule and Local the radio ownership rule Evans wrote the commissions by an or by any a review Proceeding was consolidated the prior proceedings of the review of all rules as result at over 18,000 filings 12 commission studies regarding the current state of the media marketplace and a number of public hearings around the country the Commission now has an extensive record on the subject While Evans didn't get the commission's specific directions regarding the ownership rules he hinted that the White House would like to see their rules ease what a surprise not What a surprise not the proceeding presents an important opportunity for the commission to update its rules To reflect the realities of modern media marketplace with its unprecedented proliferation of outlets for news and information Evans wrote The letter marks the first time remember the bush cabinet has weighed in on the issue and comes as FCC chairman Michael Powell As pressing the commission to make a final decision on the rules by June two on behalf of the Bush administration I urge the commission would hear to the schedule outline Evans wrote how do you like that? So to put in the big push on him so that the buddies that cheap channel can owe every goddamn radio station Every goddamn TV station every goddamn newspaper. I'd even quickly read or two and In tandem with this I never was a big Ted Turner fan you I always thought he was kind of an asshole right love that Ted term man Ted Turner said yesterday two few people owned too many media organizations and that rival media bear and Rupert Murdoch is a war called O. I see the bottom end of this is chopped off. I have to do this again Cuz this is too important the edge of it is chopped off and Called rival media bear and Rupert Murdoch a warmonger for what he said was Murdoch's promotion of the US war in Iraq He's a warmonger turn to sit in the evening speech to the Commonwealth public San Francisco of Murdoch News core preliminary owns the fast growing news a Fox news channel he promoted me said he promoted the war Be on Fox news channel. He's right of course Fox news is the the most popular US cable network during the conflict trumping AOL Time Warner, RSE and in which Turner stated more start a more than two decades ago and came to prominence with its blanket coverage of the first Gulf war Two decades ago And that's right the first Gulf war is what they put them on a map asked by an audience member for a start some foxes larger Waiting sure then CNN's Turner said just because their ratings are bigger doesn't mean you're better It's not how big you are it's how good you are the really count to decide drawing who's from the audience Turner who plays pledge to give a billion dollars to the United Nations is a vocal proponent of Population control a nuclear arms elimination criticize the concentration trace of ownership of the vast majority of US television and radio The TV stations and newspapers and a few corporations the media is too concentrated too few people own too much and you are When a top of a 10 and stop change find any more either, but you're on top of it How do you like that? He said Rupert Murdock is a fascist and that Fox News never car bunch of fascist pigs and the FCC has turned over to a handful of a few people of a few fascists control of every god They media so they can propagate as men this sounds like WWE too all over again. You know what sounds like the 30s and a 40s to many Are you sure yeah, I'm sure positive You know, maybe they got to film. Maybe they made it an offering couldn't refuse You know what I'm saying? What do you say? They said this is what you'll say if you know what's good for a film said okay, yeah, that must be what happened You understand to be stop over this is terrible news. We're so sorry Hudson just called his wife passed away If you know to the sorry Hudson, what a wonderful guy and she was very nice lady. Yes, sure Why do you have to hit me with bad news? Actually, he's probably excited like an hour ago in the fact that she got stuck Well, it's good that the facts missing got stuck because otherwise that have been depressed for an extra hour It's 10 13. We have an hour and a quarter give or take until 11 30 boy is this gonna be a day It is a money I don't want to put a lot of pressure on it because we might stop Of course we can afford this stuff. We're gonna have four they have a little from work Back you can smell the steam coming from their tailpipe right now. There's so nervous about it Not that I won't put any extra pressure anywhere that would be wrong wouldn't No, if you've been thinking about buying a new barbecue any barbecue accessories You've got to go to a great place barbecue's galore. Get yourself a head start on the barbecue in season with a perfect real accessories All at the guaranteed lowest prices barbecue's galore carries barbecue's in every price range Whatever you need they got it from the top of lime commercial great stainless steel grill to the more portable Weber charcoal grill like the one I got there popular three burner cook on is got a generous 625 square inch cooking area And 42,000 BT use all for a great low price Get it on a hardwood steel or enclosed grill cart for just 399 bucks or upgrade if you like to the sleek black pedestal base for just 439 bucks for all your barbecue needs at the guaranteed lowest prices Don't forget this is the only place you need to be thinking about barbecue's galore with two locations for other implantation a University drive and a fountain shopping center called 9504 4234400 and across brings you'll find them at 7485 West Sample Road right at the corner of Sample and Rock Island call 9504 757668 for the largest less than barbecue's in the universe. It's barbecue's galore and be sure to tell me a fat old meal sent to buy myしました Magic If you play this play me I go low and spin and go. These four games are far more than copper. Thanks for driving me to just like my father. It's like the fact that the family has gone burned in moss. Just a bunch of once a fire in me mugs. Oh, that was hysterical. I'm trying to get much into it. Nothing but a bunch of emotional cripples in it. Just hysteria in that place. Ten nights. I don't know how the book is going to come up. But the way this day is beginning is so bizarre. I have no words to describe. Here's a facts from Rick and Key Largo who says we're going to find weapons and mass destruction and wreck if we have to plant them somewhere. He says I like Bill Marishaw on HB. Oh, it definitely leads to the left more than does to the wrong. Well, I don't care how he leans. I think Bill Marishaw and Assel. Anyways, as if Mo gets another schmitty number. It still keeps his job. We'll know for sure that he has pictures of Greg Reed wearing buttless chips with a ball gag in his mouth. We all have those. That's not a big deal. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. But I hear the facts machine behind me wearing that this has been. I think it's time for me to take off the rest of the weekend because this has been such a pressure packed day starting at one. Starting what? Starting in one minute. Fuck, dirty man. Okay. Let's see another fact. I'm sure all of the dead GI's appreciate his real support as opposed to my fake support, which didn't include them dying in their 20s and leave behind with those children brother, sisters, friends, and parents will never be able to enjoy the company of their loved ones. Is that it? Who is disgusting and typical of the so-called baby boomers? Are you sure? Who ran away and were all in the peace and love when it was convenient? But turned around a voter for Reagan, Bush, one and Bush, two. Who's doing number two on the constitution? And you are... Absolutely correct. Excellent. Oh no, not this other story, this must be a mistake. A prominent Republican fundraiser who once said that former President Bill Clinton was a lawbreak when a terrible example of the war nation's young people pleaded guilty yesterday in Baltimore Circuit Court to production of child pornography. Oh! Richard Anthony Del Gaudio, who was sentenced to two years probation before judgment, admitted to taking Lude photographs of a 16 year old girl he met in East Baltimore's Patterson Park in 2001. Sounds like you're reconded with Oliver again. Yep. In some of the photos he was engaged in sex with her court record show with a 16 year old girl. Del Gaudio, 50 of Burke Virginia's a frequent talk radio guest, and national figuring conservative politics. Oh, I'm squeezing myself right now, so I'm squeezing my kneecap. He is president of the legal affairs council, a group that helped pay the legal bills of former Reagan administration officials, off officials Ali North and Casper Weinberger, if they were charged in connection with the Iran Comprehensive Fair. In his pornography case, there was additional evidence that Del Gaudio took you raw images of at least one other younger teenager, but that evidence was not admissible in court because police and properly stopped in search Del Gaudio a judge will one other younger girl. At least I'm assuming it's a girl. Okay. Largely because of that prosecutor, Adam C. Rosenberg offered Del Gaudio a playground, rather than taking the case to a jury. This is a satisfying outcome because it ends a lot of legal issues Rosenberg said, and I guess Del Gaudio probably thought it was satisfying too. How do you like that? And yesterday's ruling judge John Glenn ordered Del Gaudio to stay away from Patterson Park and an ebring butcher's hella area, that also publicly announced Del Gaudio's humiliation. Oh, my God, you kidding me? Mr. Del Gaudio has been very active in the state of Virginia in round a country. He was a respected member of the community, Glenn said, this type of thing is a mortifying experience. Del Gaudio thanked the judge for his good work. He's not able to appeal because the conditions of his plea agreement. Oh, brother. It's unbelievable. As part of his restitution of the community as attorney in Del Gaudio would contribute $5,000 to young mothers who are in distress and in need in distress or that dress or whatever dress he likes. Whatever dress turns him on. Oh, brother. Whoa. I'm telling you, man, if I was you folks, I'd be right out of the passport office right now. I'm not exaggerating. I don't want to get you panicky, anything like that. I don't want to get you nervous. Yeah, but where do you go? But all this stars, grab it out. I'll tell you where I'm right now. I feel like hell of a lot safer than what's going on in the good old US of A. Make no mistake about that. If I told you once I told you about the man. Times that that's the way I feel about it. At least we don't hear any goose sticking the sounds of a little tap on the door. Hey, you got to join here. You got to approach. Whatever you got, we're coming to get you. We'll find some reason to put you ass away. Yeah. Man, oh, man, it is just amazing. And like I've told you for about 50,000 years for a couponsate. This is what's going on in the USA. But you hypocrites a bunch of self-aggrandizing, chest-thumping, right wing, Bible-thuff-and-assels, always pointing, accusing, figuring everybody else. And then come to find out their skeleton is just, it's overflowing with cramp. You could smell a crap around a thousand miles away. So coming up to sunny Toronto, it's 50 now. I'm going to be like in the mid-50s today. Low humidity. It's a beautiful day. I got a mask. 60's over the weekend, bring yourself on mask. Can you believe that an even Rimmer's wife was a wonderful person I love for. She's great. I have no idea what she's doing with him. But even she said to me, she said, oh, we're not going to the Eden Center. I said, why not? That's the big shopping center downtown. Great shopping center. I said, why not? Oh, or just too many people in there. I said, would you stop and think about this? There are tens of thousands of people who shop in their every single day. There hasn't been one case in the community. They're all connected to the first case. They're all connected back into the hospitals and they health care workers. There isn't one case like just out in the general community. Much less of the Eden Center. Like, you know, although I think I might have scared her off a little bit because what used to be the big department store near the anchor of the shopping center used to be called Eden's of course, which is why it was the Eden Center. And then they went under and they were brought out by Sears. So now where it used to say Eden's on the side of the shopping center, it says Sears. And if you look real fast, you might not see the E. Oh. You're on the same thing. You might go E. Stars and robots. E. Yeah, stars and robot. So there's absolutely nothing to be concerned about. Let's get a lot of people get on the planes here. Can't have the needs your money. We love her. Can't have our friends. Helen and a lead and all the other nice people at our Canada. They need your money. They're off the source. Mayor Lassman invites you to come to Toronto. Bring bags and bags full of cash. Good old American currency. It's worth a lot of puree. Going to our fine restaurants and just hang out all over town. There's all kinds of good stuff to see. The air is free to breathe and don't even bring a mask. Okay. Like I told Rimmer, if I was him, I'd be wearing a mask all the time. Nobody else, TPC is anybody with a reputation for a cheapness like him. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon. How am I? Because if I talked to you on the internet, if I'm it goes on a year. Are you familiar with what the thing was that I was just talking about on a Vom't no idea. When you hear, I don't even know what to say to you. It's just don't even just pretend it never happened. It's just so silly. WQA. Okay. There's a good call to fill out breach. What are you laughing about? We're only an hour away. Give her a take from those numbers coming in 11 30 this morning. Can it is going to be a wild time? I just strap yourself in real tight. If you would like to strap yourself in a bed because you're tossing and turning. It's lumpy and bumpy in the bed tune. You're not going to good night's sleep. Do yourself a big favor like over a million spark people. I'm including us. And by you a great new comfortable mattress that will do you and you're back a great service from dialo mattress. Just one simple call. That's all it takes. 1-800-M-A-T-T-R-E-S. It'll be guaranteed yourself a great night's sleep from our good piezons at dialo mattress. They got the best ones in the world. They got C-Leas, Cirta Simmons King Coral, Irre size, every style. And packed dialo mattress is ranked number one in customer satisfaction because they do such a great job of treating you right. That's why they have more repeat and referral customers than anybody else. And once you buy a mattress from dialo mattress, you'll never go back to that stupid idiotic way. I'll slip in all over town, wasting gas time and money in those vetting and departments stores and helping them pay for that big over bloated overhead. So don't forget when you buy a mattress from dialo mattress, they set it up for a takeaway to crappy old vetting for free. That is correct. They may be one of the few in the universe who do this dialo mattress sets up the new bed and takes away your crappy smelly, so I'll nasty old vetting for free. So make the call right now and guarantee yourself a great night's sleep for months and years to come. Call 1-800-M-A-T-T-R-E-S. Read out a mattress to the way that smart people buy a new bed. And look, this is for 205-60. Hey, Steve's in the G-Strike up here. I'll do it. Congratulations, get a life. Now usually I don't do this, but in your case, being so beautiful, I'll make an exception. Now I got the game for you. It's not the game of blue. I've only shoot some ladders and no kitty. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I don't know what it means, but it's exciting anyway. I can always tell when we did well and when we did not so well and if we did crappy, you can't like the atoning your voice. What's funny about that now? I read that. Where number one? I'm bigger-friend. I'm sorry that I said it to him. No, I'm just talking about the scenario that you don't get to see. Let me tell you something. Had me nervous. Really? Just the whole ambiance, the urgency video. I mean, when I got your note. I flew into the other room. I thought somebody died. I thought somebody died. I thought somebody died. That's what I thought too. I've got some people in here. I've got some invited like me. I've never seen such a staring in my life. Then I go fly. It's a good thing I didn't have another stroke on a weirdy room. No, you're right. You didn't see the hysteria. It's like, oh well, somebody swled her pain. I am usual a QA and it's not like I did nothing. I'm so lonely nothing. Kind of than do with me. I remember I was like normal calming just when I was not going to be more lately than I was going to spend a long distance. Maybe it's too busy sitting at normal house of boys. I don't know what it is. But good guy about stuff that has nothing to do with me. I'm telling you I'm starting to make a great comeback. My hit is like almost feels like a screw down straight. I feel almost human. I mean what's not to like? These people I it's a good thing I don't take things is historically as some of them do. 200 and 72 people have checked in. Man's me the old Jerry Wichdonu show. Hi Jerry it's Chubby Chicken in. Remember that? Yeah. No you don't. I remember you talking about it. Hi Jerry with old Chubby Chicken in. Oh that show. That was some show Jerry Wichdonu and I wanted to put Jerry's hair piece on top of the casket. I can't believe he's dead. He's one of those people he thought would live forever. Like my mom. And Mike Reniri can't believe Mike's dead. Huh? Right. Bill Colter. He's been pushing out the days and he's hurt. I was watching this morning. Well I was watching it. Listen. Oh well. A lot of time going on. 272 people had checked in. He's been pushing out of the day. He's been pushing out of the day. He's been pushing out of the day. He's been pushing out of the day. He's been pushing out of the day. He's been pushing out of the day. He's been pushing out of the day. He's been pushing out of the day. He's been pushing out of the day. He's been pushing out of the day. He's been pushing out of the day. He's been pushing out of the day. He's been pushing out of the day. He's been pushing out of the day. I'll have more from this show. They'll ever learn in Florida schools. He won't hear that. And we have one female throughout the 17. How do you like that? That should make you happy? Maybe it's a brena. She's in school. Well maybe she's doing it from school. Okay, she enjoyed being there as much. See, I didn't know how much she was in the studio there yesterday. None of them will bring her kid to work there. Not at all. Oh, she wasn't. She ran around the building. Getting none. You know. And other people's way. I see. Let's see. Female 35 of 54, 26 female 55, plus six and female 18 to 346 these numbers are pretty promising of course they're only promised that's the whole audience you know Kevin 72 with your right to room at the holiday in five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line you know this was a surreal experience was just happened so really was i mean when the when the connection was made and the phone was picked up breathlessly and i thought to myself what could this possibly be you know yeah exactly it's not like it it sounded like it and it probably would have tasted like it too but i'll pass felt like it just calm down you see if i was there this is one of the disadvantages of not having a calm voice of reason there to try to keep everyone in the control some of these people who go off the deep end you're all hysterical and you know i mean i pick up it makes the connection you know you can hear when the phone is in it now right the first thing i hear is that's not your fault and then come to find out like i said muffled his pants again you know big deal WCOM hey nil yes sir now that uh the gas prices are dropping now that uh we're taking over all the world so the make it feel any better no no not as she i said get ready to throw us out of her rack and they're gonna have all kinds of revolution in there to put another eye tolla like in a ran like they did in the same thing next door no so we shouldn't forget about the summer eleven and at the fender itself so let me see it again September 11th had nothing to do with the rack read my lips it had nothing to do with the rack nothing we went into my Afghanistan and wiped out the towel band that was September 11th okay don't be so stupid sir please you sound like you have an IQ larger than your penis okay please i beg you don't be such a need jerk idiotic flag waving goofball okay we shouldn't forget ever about September 11th they're will we ever and anybody who had anything to do with it let's kill him five times okay i'm all with you on that and i'd nothing to do with the rack and by the way how about those weapons of mass destruction seen any no they're in Syria remember they hid that i wait a minute my phone is ringing in the other room you think i better go get it uh go to some time like take the time to thank bar for me and life of the city gotta take every minute possible before the show right that is a good discord this time of the thing when we get it to the bar ramma this is one of the items okay instrumental tango heard that heard the city is not bad well as far as thanks as yeah of course i mean i'll help you go on my tango when you see but we get ours for three here do what's any daddy of grandma on jackburns got a new intern in the book wow it's talked about jackburns wow and nobody wants to do about my sexual fantasy i don't know that means because i don't i don't think i've ever discussed anything but i'm gonna start i'm inspired by the babbling about jackburn it must have been maybe you're the package you spedest me if they knew that's done they're not because they didn't call me while i'm on a year they're not that stupid are they oh you know what it's 10 30 that's exactly when they said it would be there oh that's good so my package must be there and of course i'm always looking for good package let's see we're gonna go window cleaning i don't have any window screens it's just from the management of my building here so i don't have any window screens oh i wish i did keep the sars out whoo those big jack-in-exaurus bugs that come flying into your window i just i don't know maybe you can just do the best you can you just plot along and you watch the way other people reacting and as a matter of fact i think that the wh world health organization there reaction to what's happening here in Toronto is just like that phone call that we just know it are you blessed dude i make some cash with my bad ass sitting down watching the view i just don't want to use my brains or the fellas my own dear i say all smiles will smug me all the fun things that i think lack of all some friends i will be there my friends and they're really narrowed out dreams i know it through finishing to put me i love that god my money that's what i'm literally this balls They came for my family, I'll say, did not agree, but I have nothing to hide, so I should be alright, until they come for me. I know it through, could be staying tuned. Now the star at home, baby. There. I've got the crew. And the fake hit crew. Because it's sorry, I'm too late. Look at there, music. It's 1046 at 560 WQM. Your calm, cool, collected station for the new, uh, the millennium. Let's hear it. Four hundred and sixteen people on a thing. There we got four, uh, five teenagers, one, uh, young lady and four guys. And we got, uh, there's no point in my reading these on here. Is there? Not really. It's our annual demographic survey. We do it once a year. Just for fun, just to see who's out there. And because it doesn't require putting on your thinking cap and making a decision unless you really understand this, the whole you are. And what, uh, is it between your legs? Huh? Hey, you know something, now is that another category? What about her mafrodites? That's a good point. They're milited about that a little bit of both. Maybe next year, we'll put the other category on there. Maybe next year. Is your, what's it, the good Lord of Willon? I guess the good Lord wasn't willing no more. Now what is this? Oh, I see. Here's the, uh, radio days. Very flattering, by the way. Roman Polansky directing by long distance. Of course George B'sley played by Kirk Douglas. Was that before after the stroke? Greg Reed, Christopher Walken. I don't think he's going to be doing a lot of walk in the day. He's doing a green apple, which step is what I'm here. Josh Deros, Steve Buschemi. Who is that? He was in Fargo. He's been in a lot of stuff. He was the little guy that talked about mufflands. He Adam West. Oh, no. I was thinking more like May West. More Howard David did Bob Hope. Yeah, I think they shared the same age. Only Bob was a lot of funnier. And he wasn't really that fun in the first place. Steve Goldstein, Hillary Swank. You'll ride your seat. You're like a killing. The thing of his coat. What? You'll ride your seat in the killing. I don't have no idea who that is. Uh, again, don't he's a faggot? Oh, well, in that case. Oh, right. Excellent. Can't be all bad then. George Rodriguez and Tonya Van Derris. We're talking about flattering. Who now are you kidding? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, brother. Well, you're not making me away. Need a more played by Freddie Prince Jr. Yeah, again, but how come you two guys come off the busioners? Huh? What the, you must have this must be a put up job. Must be mad dog managed Edmary Nero. That's not bad. And we're all Edmary Nero. No, we like to sauce. Hank the Humper. Jean Hackman. Jean Hackman is Hank Goldberg. That is. That was that is scandalous. Maybe a jeans been doing a lot of eating lately. Eddie K. by Peter O'Tool. And if we can't get Peter O'Tool, how about the world to go. Joe Costello Jim Varney. Mark Eisenberg played by Adam Sandler. The Beast Marlin Brandt. I like that. Josh Freeman, down Delaware's. No, not big enough. Which one? Get the funny Junior. Jeff, I Virginia Capers. I don't know who that is. I don't either. His Virginia like Capers. Jeff, he'll he'll eat anything. Screw an anti-bion in a cool Smith. I like that. Water Nazi Kathy Bates. And then sells Johnny Depp, Tom Brady, and Tom Welling. Now we're talking. So Tom Welling shows ash on the next Tuesday that the deal. I'm just the previous. Let's see. I don't know if you've seen these. By the way, what do you think of the Duck Stars game? I if you thought I stayed up until 2.30 in the morning and watch that, you're crazy. Game was on till 2.30 in a freaking morning. And the ducks won again over time, 4.3 over Dallas. So there's nobody talks about that this morning. But who are the Seahawks going to pick in the night around? Right, Rocco, you're right on target man. Hockey takes a back seat on this radio station. Even though we're going to sign the Panthers again, because of the fact that you got that mole mice, you got a star push there in the morning. Won't let guilty talk about it. We'll actually know something about it. And because the rest of our guys are too lazy to learn anything about it. I mean, what could you do wrong? I like the mad dog and a Humphrel, but they don't know what goddamn thing about hockey. And they're just too lazy to learn nothing about it. Very sad. And of course, what's going on right now? We got two things. The Stanley Cup playoffs. And we got the NFL draft tomorrow. And what kind of a person in the right mind cares about the NFL draft? And who the C-Ox are going to draft in the 80-50th round? What is this? Oh, this is incredible. In fact, it inspires me to play something here in a couple of minutes. I'm glad you're seeing this. A new national sex symbol is emerging from an unlikely source, Washington, D.C. You are so damn hot and smart, too. I'm enthralled by you. You are a doorbly handsome and your appearance. You are so cute and intelligent. I believe he's the first bald man I've ever been attracted to. It says another one. So these are not accolades for Bruce Willis, rather excerpts from fan mail to the White House Press Secretary, Eric Flescher. Posted on the web. Oh, my God. Very, very, very. Not since the heyday is of many Adonis George Stefano. I've many Adonis George Stefano. This must be a survey taken by the Ray Charles fan club. Maybe blind Mike voted on this. But since those heady days has ended, I think George Stefano was something about head too, although he does have a wife, you know. As a presidential spin, Mike's to re-received such attention from the ladies from the ladies. My friend and I have our own club for Erie and our big fans wrote two girls from Washington State on Erie fan club. One of several sites devoted to Flescher. He's just very comforting and nice. He's so elegant and trustable. We're definitely fans of Erie. We're two teenage girls with a political icon, crush, strange, you haven't. He's a cool guy. Everybody's cool as a friver. Hard. I'll tell you that. The site which features an decidedly pro White House anti-Sudan Surman and sentiment. What a surprise. It includes a tribute page to Flescher, which blasts my country tizily while a web server can meditate on a photograph of Kray Lock the Young Erie. Oh, oh, please. I must have been a long time ago. The tribute also includes that ship from an interview with Flescher, which he describes as typical day from waking up at 5am to doing the early press morning gaggle. He makes me gaggle. The site's webmaster Benjamin Marino of Philadelphia. See, I told you about Flescher tonight. Yep. Said that the key to his popularity with a women folk lives in his competent demeanor. And you can't see him much demeanor than me. He's the fairy and every ship. Every ship. Every. Every. Every. Every. Every. Every. Every. Every. Every. Every. Every. Every. Every. Every. Every. Every. And every. every. I can't get through. Every. Every. Every. Please. bills. 1999. How many people around the world make their way to again they can ne see. And all of a sudden, We're celebrating to who we're spending All the need is to We're very happy to meet you We're very so happy Gotta get married We're very so happy And we're all getting married We're very happy And we're all getting home Now we're happy And married We're so sad We're so much more Yes It's easy for me And a lot of happiness We love love love A lot of happiness And a lot of happiness So forth, That's the wrong home, And we never reach to the wrong home. I reach the sweet, Me looking very slow, He's got to get married. I raise to family and he's gone again, And he's still paid in home, But just don't get married. Home home has to come for me, Oh, home has to come for me, Home home has to come for me, He's here doesn't pay off today, He says, you right at the ball, But every time I see that ball hit a geek, 567.0560, Boyd of pressure is mounting now, Especially with all these other And so everything's going on in the building. Man, I sure hope mortals have found out about this. I'm sorry. WQAM. Hey Neil, how are you, man? Pretty good sir. Hey, you know that next spring, You'll be able to take a ferry over to Rochester from Toronto. Take a ferry, who what's his name? Uh, well, this is... No, really, they're having a high speed ferry service between Toronto. Really? I'll be damned, boy. I sure hope they don't have any disease on that ship. Hey, man, the star is eight, And speaking of the small little pro, I guess, he's going to play on freeze frame. I'll bet you do. I'll send it to you. Okay. By boy. Put your 567.0560, pound 560 on the 18th. In Verizon, where was mine? Don't forget, that's Tuesday night. On the WB Smallville, as Tom Welling shows it Ain't quite so small. Right, Tom. After all. Welling guy that's got like a size 14 shoe, Must have a big ass when you think. You think, big something. 567.0560. We're just, like I said, We're just about 35 minutes away from 11th city. And I'll tell you one thing. Those things better come in at 11.32. Because if not, after all this big buildup, I am leaving 11.30. If they're not, you know what I'm saying? What do you say? If there's even a moment's delay. It's your, it's your baby, the rest of the way. I'll just have to leave down on the floor or not. And I cross rate position. WBQAM. Ah, Neil? Yes, sir. Dick Fineberg. Dick. Listen, on behalf of the late Johnny Schroeder and Del Manji, I want to thank you for all the harness racing dimensions yesterday. Yeah. You know, if it wasn't for harness racing, Georgia's sex fantasies, they would have won hands down or hand someplace anyway. No question about that. I want to say you want to think about Georgia's. No Louis Rappon. That's what he said. I'll tell Louis, no George when I see it. I'm sure he's not. But, um, I don't know. 30% of your audience doesn't want to hear about harness racing. It would lead me to believe that maybe we, uh, we got to stop advertising. Uh-oh. That we will never do that. Look at it this way. 70% do want to hear about it, see? Well, at least, yeah, at least it wasn't their first choice anyway. In fact, if we could get 70% of their every night, you'd be in good shape. Well, you know, it got me to your website. I, you know, I tried to vote five or six times. Yeah. Yeah. I'm actually I voted for harness racing. I don't want to hear about it either. Ha ha ha ha. I don't blame you. I'm sure I'm sure you get enough of the rest of the day. Right. That's right. Well, listen, say hi to Bob Boe Mar. I will tell him. And honor Duncan tell him. And tell him that it's just like Joe Pavia, telling both the race doesn't end as a three quarter pull. Okay. Hi. Hey, Joe, one for the other night. Did he? Yeah. Mark that on the counter. Better the night is back. Now that Brian's gone, there's hope for everybody. That's right. Everybody's picking up the piece. Okay. Take care. I'll see you in June. Okay. Good guy. Dick Fineberg from Poppino Park. We're going to talk about all those great harness Francis over here. Joe Mar's junior. In fact, George is going to be throwing a few names of his own. It's better fact. Like Hillary Swank. I'm sorry. You're supposed to be a five six six. You a M. Why do you best? We're number one. M. Well, every cruisers I'm on, that's been burned up the shots. This right on, that's isn't blue on this shot. No, why don't you know he's on that ship over the woods? Failed in all the more recent and late. Crosse. Today. Call your brother, Kusse. Kill him, that there's no way. No, it'll be going on the same cruise. Sixth, you got his men so hit the star. How do you know, in the backyard? All the crew to do was watch his bird. Watch out, it's right now. Go away. Before we knew of any, I was told to do sick. Now it looks even worse than the Titanic. One new episode's new. There'll be no more mistakes and families. Crosse. Today. What are they calling your brother, Kusse? Kusse. Kusse. Hell and that's just no way. Oh my God. No way. They'll be going on the same cruise. Sixth, you got his men so hit the star. What are they calling your brother, Kusse? They'll be going on the same cruise. One new episode's new. There'll be no more mistakes and families. Crosse. Oh my God. I can't get out. When they're everything, the double has been burned up for shot. It's right on its values and blue and the shots. No more violence on the ship or the moon. Hell, be no more mistakes and families. Crosse. Kusse. Kill him, that there's no way. Oh, 11.03.05. 16.00. Oh, 11.03.05. 16.00. This is supposedly the big hour. 11.30. We've got the arbitrage on the moon and book coming out. We think. And that fact she did set me. Yeah. You see, in one of the industry publications, that information is in there, which is exactly what's on this individual. Pretending to know something, but obviously doesn't. Yeah, I got it. And anyway, thanks to my good friend Lynn. She knows about that too. I should point out, but at least she tells me where she got it from. Southwest fires pilots were take off of their uniforms. She turned me on to the story. I just checked it out. Southwest Airlines has fired two pilots who allegedly turned their cockman into a clothing optional playpen. Sounds like something from that video by the, uh, whatcha call it? Food fighters. Don't remember the name of the movie. Don't remember the video? Of course I did. Learning online. The appilot and co-ocs. See here, remember this name of the song. My mind is just to turn the much, especially since about an hour ago. The pilot and co-pilot both men were dismissed for allegedly taking off all or most of their clothing in the cockpit of their aircraft. Southwest Airlines conducted the thorough investigation, intimidated the two pilots involved for inappropriate conduct, said, Spotswoman, Ginger, Heart Age, who would not elaborate. Southwest will not tolerate any inappropriate or offensive behavior. Cockpitching in and again seemed to be on the rise, even as pilots and passengers face the stress of air terror fears. America Westfired a pair of pilot-slast year for being under the influence of alcohol in the cockpit. After running up on 142 hours, have it a Miami bar that I'd be for remember that well. And Northwest Airlines pilot was arrested in January after loaded gun was found in his carry on. The pilots involved are appealing their termination. They contended that one of them moved as uniform actor coffee was spilled. A flight attendant saw them after being summoned to the cockpit to bring paper towels and soda water. Southwest is treating the episode as a prank that went too far. While the incident occurred on a Boeing 737 in flight, there was no implication that safety was breached and an FAA spokesman said, there's no specific prohibition against flying naked. I'm not aware there are any regulations on the type of clothing, so there's most likely none on wearing no clothing at all spokesman less dorses. There are rules against behavior that distracts crew members during vital phase of flight, which is about anything below 10,000 feet. Southwest is famous for being off feet when the airline started flying in 1971. Flight attendants wore hot pants and were chosen for a sex appeal. Founder Herb Keller heard of the high priest of Ha Ha by Force and Magazine. Audit Bascially said the airline looked for attitudes, people with a sense of humor, who don't take themselves too seriously. To this day, Southwest often makes funny and five announcements, sometimes even in song. Keller, who was publicly dressed as Elvis once arm wrestle the head of another company for the rights to a slogan he lost and was ceremony's like carries from the ring on a stretcher while sipping shots of wild turkey. How do you like that? That's our kind of airlines begin the full fighters. Just go learn into fly. Man. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. See my psychic powers again, let me know that this was going to be just a wilder movie day. I can feel it. Yeah. A wild and wulsy day as they see in Syria. I'm starting to feel it. WDQIM? Neil. Yes sir. 42 year old Gringo. I don't have a computer. You need to mark me down. I'm right. Also, can you hold off on your number so 1147 so far, Harvey. Dover. Ha ha ha. Okay. I've agreed to. I don't think so. Okay. What do we got? How many people listen? I don't want to go through a whole lot of graphics. They're 469. Just made up the last part. 400s, like I said, it just changed. You got about to do it like 479. Like I said, look at that. Including two females 12 to 17, four are males 12 to 17. All skippin school plan hockey, hokey. And a pretty adengood show in there. Okay. We believe it. Well, this is an interesting fact that you sent me from our good chronic friend, Phil and Mudgate. You see, I'm probably wearing my send a chicken hawk to a rack t-shirt that arrived in yesterday in the mail on the back is written. And echoes about Bush, a wall from Texas National Guard and Cheney in the Ashcroft and Trent Lotter, our slumber who avoided military service during the Vietnam War. It says, I walked into Albertsons at 610 a.m. when I approached the cashier, there was a customer man in his late 60s, looked at my shirt with a puzzle look and a half smile. He explained, what's a chicken hawk? Well, I guess Phil should have told him. He used to mean something different than it means now. You should have seen his push goes sour when I turned around and read the back. He said, well, they disgusted tone. You're one of them liberals. I replied and proud of it. The old man said, you should support the president at the time of war. I said, I'm practicing my constitutional right or freedom of speech and expression. Old man, I spent two years in the Korean war in your un-American because you don't support our troops. I said, you as a veteran should be more pissed off than me. The Georgian is cartel- avoided service in the military, but can send the, I can see blind patriotism and limited intelligence have eliminated your ability to think for yourself. He stormed out of the store. The cashier left in city agreed with me. I tried to fill in my gates. Good work. Good work. Piss off it old fart. Probably on his way to funerals and more or whatever that place is. What is it? Oh, oh, oh, oh. Not that good. A funeral sewer store. Perfect for South Florida. 567, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and for Resarollasnod. Everything calm down to it a building? There's a feeling in spite of all the SARS-Craft appear that there's a lot more psychosis in the QM building that there is anywhere here in Toronto. Except in Mayor Mills's office. Yeah, all these people here to pissed off and fart up at the W8 directly. So, WQAM. Good morning. How are you? Yeah, how are you? You are first lady of the day. Oh, gosh. I'm honored. Isn't that great? I guess. Anyway, I wanted to kind of vent. A little and I'm a little bit apoplectic about something. Why is that? Well, I was listening unfortunately with my daughter on Y100 yesterday and came across a contest that they're having called for give or forget. Now, let me tell you what this is about and you tell me if you're apoplectic too. Apparently, the dixie chicks are coming to town and they're giving away tickets and basically you can forgive them and get the tickets or forget about them and not take tickets. And I thought to think, do they have to be forgiven for something? Did I miss something? Yeah, for expressing an opinion, yeah. I would just help you today. Stupid. I'm like, I'm going to call them and I know what good it's going to do but it's going to do. It's ridiculous. Forgive them for what? For doing what every American had the right to do, which is the other point. They're looking at all the good publicity together. I guess. And they're out. They're out. They're out. They're out. They're out. Yeah, I mean, I don't know the chick chicks. That well, I'm not really a fan of them. Use it. I'm not a country in Westerns. But I am a fan of free speech. It's what we're all about. Yeah. So I just wanted to let you know that. What would you expect from a really politically astute radio station like why 100? Or do they have a 50-year-old in the sandbox? What do you expect? There you go. Probably that idiot's footie had something to do with it. Yeah, there you go. He's always sticking his footie in his mouth or something. Some kind of, you know, subversive tool that he is. Can I make a same with your quest? Consider the source. Yes, man. One of them, the Nicky and Eisner ones, maybe preferably one of the earlier ones because the last one wasn't that great. Do you got it? Thanks. Have a great day. You too. Bye-bye. Little Mickey and Eisner too. Well, I like not your Friday. Don't forget, what's the, I haven't even looked at the schedule. Eisner? He's going to be on all day, Eisner. Mad Dog at one. The Hanau. And I'll see. I knew there was something on here that was different. What's the story with Humbna Humper? He's out again. We don't know. What do you mean we don't know? We know he's out because it's his on here. Sure, it's a good one. So, okay. So, Clarence put that on the schedule. So, Joseph, Jackie sucks, okay? Oh, my. Oh, my. So, Joseph, for the Humper, it three will find out why. He can't already be on his way to Louisville, Kenny. That's Louisville, Neil. No. No, we can't because he's on a chula's next week. Oh, look at that. He's at Louisville starting Tuesday next week. And then, Jackie's on Wednesday. What kind of a schedule is this man, God? I'm starting to get jealous. I'm working too damn much. Seriously, I'm working too many days in a row. What are you laughing about? I'm sorry to me. Yeah, that's too much for me. The Humper is never on mad dog. He works three days and takes off six. He got the little dog on there all the time. And anybody else waiting to find hang it around in the building. Anyway, so Joseph, Jackie, a three that we got the Marlon's on director, Red Hot Marlon's anybody care? No. Cardinals at the Marlon's night seven 35 after the pregame show. He came after the game and then ESPN radio overnight because we get it for free and nobody else will work that cheap. Fumbett has passed 11 a QM or only 18 minutes away we think. Now these numbers come in down 11 30 still or we had any, we haven't heard anything different how's that. Nothing to the contrary because I inquired about that and every indication seems to be that we're unscheduled. We've got ourselves strapped in, we're unscheduled and people are having a very nervous time of it. Hey, if you're having a bad time of it as far as your health is concerned, here's something you can pop in your post. I can only improve it. Older you met. Older you met soft shells contain the finest olive oil known to man. It just not ordinary olive oil but super concentrated and inside those little soft yellow capsules are all kinds of other good stuff too. Older you might have been taken up or used to risk of heart disease, not cholesterol. Plus now there are 14 different oleomid formulas you can choose from each one, combining that great olive oil with vitamins, minerals and herbals to support specific parts of your health from your bones to your blood pressure like I'm doing to your immune system. By the way, skip the, I'm still waiting. Just pick out the formulas that are right for you and what you need. Now there are three great new formulas for moldy. One to help you sleep, one to help you control your weight and self-cute 10. Coq10 for your heart. You'll find oleomid at publicsacreds, Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, DeVarrozen, Zidanoz. If you like your hordor and online at oliumedamerica.com or if you want to get more information about what oleomids all about or what can do for you, just call their toll free number and ask away. One, eight, six, six, oliumid. That's one, eight, six, six, six, five, three, sixty, sixty, sixty, three. Get some oleomid today like I'm doing start popping it in your post real soon. What the hell are you doing to me? What do you mean, sir? Why am I reading in the paper? You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn? Well, sir, we're just scouting locations. Jesus, I'm scouting CEOs, you are killing me. But sir, look who we've done with New York City Times Square, 40 seconds free. Hey, no. Rayman! Rayman! Rayman! Pull off the vacuum plan and Rayman! Get the blue burn on here! Okay, boss. I, sir, but sir, look who we've done with Midtown Man, had 40 seconds free as incredible. I, and I, publicly, I supported that, but you took all the part away. You're killing me. You're going through a gavel scom like pets. We're just scouting areas calm down. What's going to be butt-munch? Don't tell me to calm down. We've got lucky with Midtown Man, 128 million dollars. No, you're trying to rule him a whole mid-work. We're kind of programming, are you running? I'm hanging on a minute. The big, you, go. Rayman! Yeah, bro. There's a blue burn crap all over your shoulder. It's way in your cell, but for heaven's sake. And hang off the bottle cleaner. Oh, keep up. Good. God. Sir, the network is fine. Why couldn't you come up with American Idol? Good God, you're still running James Bond movie. There are 60 years old. Why don't you just put steambox rolling on and be done with it? Please, though, I'd make a couple of damn dollars. Well, the movie division's fine. You mentioned we were in Stitchie now, we had the new M.N.A. Chumman movie coming all late on the summer. Oh, no signs. That's not the bad name. Stop sign, Neil Stein. You guys start swinging some of these titles past me. Please. Rayman. Rayman. It is. I know you can hear me. Rayman. You're still running the market, please. You don't know the run, but that's not the run. Yeah, Rayman's in Kingdom. There's a blue burn crap. All right. I know you can hear me. You're still running the market, please. Yeah, Rayman's in Kingdom. There's a blue burn crap. All right. Five, sir. Yes, sir. I'd be very careful. The next time I started my car, why were you? What do you mean? I'm not done with you. What? I've done. Sir. I'll put him on a storm in your job, but sir. Here. Here I go. I'm sorry. They're not put limits in there. I don't like to be president of Disney Remus. Oh, man. What a wonderful day. Get out of here. You nuts. Oh, man. 11, 19. At 5, 60, W.D. Q.M. Actually, that one is my favorite. When I get to the mile, my, and the thing I don't understand is, yeah, many people find it stuff really historically amusing, but they never saw the song of the south. Right. Remember to call. We had the other day about who the hell is, or maybe was a fact, who was remiss and all that bluebird stuff. Right. I guess if you never saw that movie, you don't know what that Uncle Remus is. Never saw the tar baby. And it's kind of like if you've never saw the godfather we played those drop-ins. I don't get how many day go get you one, free, small, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good. You know what I mean? How can I have any meaning if you never saw the fake in movie? Do you know who I am? No. I'm more green. I made my phone when you were going out with cheerleaders. I'm gonna make them an Alfred Gamer. Oh, 40 won't see them anymore. So anyway, they're just a little sampling. You gotta see the movies. And of course, even those of us who've seen 20, 30, 40, 30 times, most people are Saudi and have seen godfather. Not 30 men. At least, maybe some more. I think I've seen more than that. Me too. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, Verizon Line. Criticizing Israel will be a taboo in the US. Oh, this is one of our bedtime first day, which we have many, many all good ones. A new lobbying proposed by Republican senators will serve. Now see, there's a word missing in us, too. It's not chopped off. What can't these people do anything right? We'll serve to provide the criticism of Israel on American college campuses. The police state style thought control legislation is to be introduced by the third ranking Republican member of the US Senate. There is again, conservative, written at San Torma, Pennsylvania. Oh, my god, that fat hitting Jew-baiting is so called ideological diversity legislation suggests cutting federal funding for American colleges and universities. If those institutions are found to be permitting professor students and student organizations to openly criticize Israel, which can turn considers to be an active anti-Semitism. I gotta read that paragraph again. This is an America, okay. This is the US-Eve. This is happening again. His so-called ideological diversity legislation suggests cutting federal funding for American colleges and universities. If those institutions are found to be permitting professor students and student organizations to openly criticize Israel, which can turn considers to be an active anti-Semitism. So I must be anti-Semitic since I'm against aerial, Sherone, and most of Israel's policies. Now, I must be an anti-Semitic Jew. That's the way we can, I don't kind of garbage this. We're dealing with a lunatic here. This is the third rank of Republican member of the US Senate. One day he's picking on Fags, the next day saying he can't criticize Israel. Under the bill to be introduced by a San Tour of the Federal Funding Formula Under Title IX of the Higher Education Act, will include ideological diversity as well as sexually quality and education as a perquisite for federal funding reveals Michael Collins' paper of the American Free Press. Senator Santorum has the support of another fellow conservative NGO P. Stahlworth, who's a leading pro-Israel ideologue, Kansas Senator Sam Brownback. Brownback was reported to leave living in church sponsored luxury accommodation in Washington, as his own scheme to call for a federal commission to be established under Title IX, to investigate allegedly anti-Semitic incidents on American campuses. The news of the Santorum Brownback scheme appeared in the April 15 issue with New York's son, a vehemently pro-Israel Neo-Conservative Daily published in Manhattan, who wane firestone directly the central for Israel affairs for the Hill Hall Foundation. Hill Hall has units on campuses across America. According to the reports in Tour of Malaw, with several Republican members of the Senate, and invited representatives of a number of powerful Jewish organizations to attend a private meeting on Capitol Hill in order to discuss the senators' concerns about growing criticism of Israel on American college campuses. The reports said that during the private Senate session of which there are no transcripts available to the taxpayers who paid for the project, an ADL representative reportedly claimed to the gathering that the ADL's annual audit of anti-Semitic activity in America had detected an increase by 24% of anti-Semitism on U.S. college campuses in the year 2002. That 24% increase even by the ADL's own admission constitute only 21 actions. 21 actions not even that many. However, the ADL definition of anti-Semitism is so broad that largely includes even the mildest criticism of Israel that doesn't happen to be framed in the particular parameters that the ADL determined to be acceptable. What kind of a bunch of cocky artists may be that's what it is you can smell it. Listen, you know something there's it's your film. Yes, we'll stick with our stars and you stick with your, whatever you've got, seeing stories. Stars, your star is battles stars. Come on. Wow, that is scary. It's on our website if you want to read the whole thing if you don't believe it or whatever. A piece of they want to make this law, right, they want to make a piece of legislation that prohibits criticism criticism of Israel on college campuses. We're going to cut off your funding if you don't talk nice. About Israel and Ariel Sharon. And all those other far-bist and orthodox over there that are banging it on the wailing wall. Wow, that doesn't get you wild. Bush Trinity consumerism secrecy in Jesus Christ. This is a good column by Eric Sourenson from a good website. We publicons.org. I don't have time for it. You want them to wine because we got to do the break and then the fresh is going to really be building. This for not only are we waiting for the numbers, but at this point we're not even really sure what's going to happen at 1130. No. Did anybody come in and know why is you? No. I advise Michael. Huh? This is what you're doing. I swear. I want to make them an offer again. Yeah, we'll get those numbers one way or the other. I want to make them an offer again. Yeah, probably they go have lunch. I go have a few lunches, Marlomov, we're thinking about it. Okay, we may or may not have some numbers when we come back to you. They may be running there with some sheets. In fact, maybe Greg might be wearing one. Why? We're sports radio, 560, 2AM. Roger's got. Taking right before you eat, Venus natural enzyme helps prevent gas before it even starts. Sorry, my bad. Because after meal like this, all you really want to feel in your stomach is a good belly last. Oh, cool. Oh, my. Yeah, I got a game. I'm going to do it without gas. Cool. Okay, this is amazing because it's almost to the second. Right. And the ratings are pouring off the page. Wow. Of course, these are the 12 plus and this is overall. So it does mean a damn thing, you know. This Q and do we have any audience left? I don't see Q and here on a 12 plus at all. Of course, with the war with March, you know, March is going to be a big I would be month with a war. The attack or a record attack. I don't see anything on here. Do we still on here? Oh, my God. Do you see that? No, I didn't see any of them. Holy Toledo. Wild333 up to a 3, 7 all the only from 10th up to 9th. But 12 plus WQM overall. This is 6 AM to midday Monday through Sunday. 272. We've got a 2 2. Oh, my God. I think most were in it. We're dead in the water, baby. This could be a bad olman. What are our tenure? We had all that good fun. And all the other anticipatory history, all the hijinks. And now the bad news comes. Wow, zip-y, dude. Zip-y-a. Holy Toledo. Let's see. Who's number one overall? EDR is tied with power 5 7 and a 5 7. Got it? Got it. In the morning. Now, let's see what happened in the morning here. Maybe Mo is going to bail us on. You think? No. Wild333, 7 to a 3 8, they're number 9. Number one is hot in the morning. Wackie is 5 2. This is 12 plus. Howard Disperm went from a 5 2. Down to a 4 8. You're starting to smell the aroma from this already. Let's see. Mo 2.5 to a 2.3 from 16 to 20. You got that? Got it. I think we're going to, we were going to disappear in the mid day 12 plus. Which means the rest of it's going to be a good bad luck. I said, all the right wingers must have got the diaries. Because the right wingers do not have to find them on you. He's Jewish. Is that the reason? Oh, yeah, that's one. That's the reason. That must be it's use. That means the rest of us are in big trouble too. I'm just reaching back on the Jewenjox station. Let's see mid day. See what I've said. Wild354 from a 4.4 to a 4.7. It's that war thing again, baby. Oh, geez. 4.1 to a 3 5 in the mid days. 4.1 to a 3 5 from 8th to number 13 from the last book to this book. You got that? Got it. Not good. A death nail. Don't start spending any bonus money Carlos. Bota? The onus is on your bonus. You got it? No. I mean, a precipitous dive here. Look at that. Pages are just pouring off of this same ellity. Who is number one in midday? Huh? 12 plus. Life. WLMIA. Continue being number one. Slush. All the people sitting in the doctor's offices. All those places. They're the ones who get all the diaries. CMQ is number two. WCMQ FM and Arroyo Mambi. You start see the smell of this. Starts the smell on the beany side. Coast 3 4 to a 4 2. This whole thing doesn't make any sense at all. Was it? Power dropping from a 4.4 to a 3 8 and 12 plus. Well, let's just keep looking. And just keep sending them along. Okay. Looking like a death nail. We're out of business boys and girls. Ben, nice. No, and you. Just when we're hoping for like a little kiss in the book. A goose. 3 to 7. Let's see. Power 96. Still never one. But from a 76 down to was 66. EDR is number two. But down from a 6 3 to a 5. Where did everybody go? Where did I see Wild D3 3 to a 4.4 point. Oh, I'll submit my step. What did I tell you? What did I predict? What did I predict? And where's the Humper? 2 3 to a 2 2. So he stayed about the same. He dropped from 19th to a type or 20th. A 2 2. That seems to be the operative number for QAM and 12 plus anyway, which is not an important demographic. It includes a lot of very, very old walking dead. But nevertheless. A 2 2 and nobody in their brother. Nobody in their right mind wants to be seen. We're in a 2 2. Right? Right? Well, night, night times. Well, I'm going to waste my time looking at that. We don't really care about that unless any K might be listening. You think he cares about that? Because it's not really his number anyway. I mean, this is January, February, March. So this would be the Panther book. Correct? Right? Oh, I look at Phil. Phil actually. Are you sure? 3 0 to 2.9 from the fall book to the winter book? So he had a slight decline in there. But not like you, respect. He didn't pick up. He just went down to 10 to 10 points. So basically no change. In fact, he dropped from 11 to 12. On Wild. And what about 80 the K? And it was Panther games. How much of that's a, yeah, from a 1.9. Oh, my god. We loved up Panthers. Are you ready for that? Less than a 1 share. Of course, that's 12 plus. Wait till we get to those men numbers, man. We're going to be a lot of people. We're going to cut our demo. That's our demo. We can only hope and pray. We can only pray for a miracle at this point, right? We've got two rows of rebeds set. Our backs are up against the wall. They're firing above us below us behind us. We're going to be between our legs. Now, what's this next stuff you're facts about me? Oh, I 18 to 34. Now, this is why do we see this? I hate this. You're just getting it as I get it. And then, not only that, but they're like pages missing here. I believe. There are. I don't know. I just grabbed the stack and stick them right into the machine. I don't even look at your stick in them. All right. Yeah, 18 to 34. It starts out with a station that are tied for number nine. What about numbers 1 through 8? What about numbers 1 through 8, baby? Well, maybe that'll be on the next page. Roddy, a written-mo and PYM. Oh, look at that party radio. Holy, Tolito. Look at that. Talk about us having a bad decline. Whoa. Talk about the party's over. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Wow. That's a radio with that. The route and the other three records they play, Sapphire, do over and over again. From a 6.6 in a fall book to a 3.8 from turn to ninth here. There's something really, really strange about this book. You know what I'm saying? There's something we, there's an aroma. Open up the windows, boys and girls. Let the air clear out. There's an aroma, the stench of commoners permeating from this. Whoa. Brother. And he's passing me all these 18 to 34 numbers, which nobody cares about. I guess except the people. And where's the first page from that? You got everything I got. Where's the first page? That would be power 96. The important stuff on the inside. And I don't, I don't got it. We look for this stack. Make sure it didn't get. Oh, mighty. Well, here's morning's 18 to 34. Zeta. Oh, my God. Now we know it's a bogus book. Ha ha. Zeta from a 7.5 from number 4 to number 1. 9.5. Power 8.9 to 9.0. But they slipped the number 2. This looks really suspicious to me. EDR is number 3. Big Howard Stern drops from second 18 to 34 to fourth with a 7.9. Castron over and all of a sudden out of the blue, a 9.5 18 to 34 in a morning. What does that all about? They like your material. They like my material. It's even better the second time around. Is that what you're trying to tell me? On a thin. That sounds really, really, really, really, really suspicious to me. I couldn't be wrong. What do you think? You don't think I'm wrong. That happens spontaneously. I haven't touched the button. Well, they are clear channel station. Or they? Oh, that's right. I forgot about that. Well, that's our all third channel stations. But then again, so is big. So it's like 90% of the station is on the list. Let's see. 6 to 10 in a mole. Probably picked up on 18 to 34. Wouldn't you think? You think? And, oh, not really. That's not exactly our demographic. Where the hell is the mole, myster? Come on. Let's get him a number in there. WRAMA. I'm looking. Party radio in the morning 4.5 to 2.8. Power. Like as powers got like triple four times their audience. That's all over. That format's done. You're all done, Disney. You're through your finish. You're like Teamus Alon, you're finished. What is a page missing in here too between 16. Oh, look at that. Oh, again, something really funky here from an 0.7 to a 2.0 point for the mole man. He went up from number 21 to a time for going to 16. Not that it's anything to write home about. There's something there. It's things too in there. Huh? Will you get some help? I did. How do you know? What do we got? We went from a 2 3 to a 3 7. That's right. So must be the 9 to 10 hour, right? You know something maybe we can solve it. Something out of this thing. Do you think? Yes. You're honest. Must be wondering, what are you guys talking about? Well, we'll figure it out. Okay. Well, let you know. It's very tense now. It's tense. The tension is building. In fact, I think I may do a little lumber in the chair here. Yeah. Oh. 18 to 34. We can climb. Maybe just go far to turn on the sun. We have to leave our house. Absolutely correct. Time will tell. Let's do the break. I'll stick all this stuff together. We'll come back. And if the not good, I'll make some numbers up. My life and love. This is 4 20 5 60. You wait for me. Yeah. Howard David's bit. I'm getting pounded. Just in time for me's waves. It's Michael Jackson's funniest home videos. I don't want to sleep in your bed. I've done that mini kind. Killed in all over the world. When you say bad, you think the sexual. It's wacko, jacko. Hey Michael, my mom was so weird. You're new nose. This one looks like a claw hole. Good. That's what I want. You help me breathe, so I can keep higher notes. Confrance. Now we can stick. Let's start the regurgitate. I'm 45 at 5 60. Nobody can. I'm the tension is still in the air. I'm kind of with a butter knife or your tool. Now, are you stop sending me stuff all of a sudden? Oh, there was a lag, but now they're about to go there. But we got tipped off. Clare's came in here and kind of. We got tipped off. Yeah, kind of tipped. Tipped the hat a little bit about what's to come. Van. We're number one. They're making out of here. Are you crazy? The show. Yeah, I am crazy, but nevertheless. The show. You're a day as number one? No, no, no. Us. What do you mean us? Yeah, I'm sorry. The midday. I was interrupting it. We're number one. Dammit. Well, I'll be damned. That's got to be a miracle. So it may have been at least the old parts turned on us, huh? But you know what? Screw that. I hope we see them at the funeral supermarket. The funeral superstar. We'll see you there over the weekend. Okay? It's a dime business. Also, in quarry minds, one and a no, are we doing any sorts of weigh-ins today? No, we're not. Well, we're done with him. We're done with him. And I never got on the scale as far as I was as far as the thing for my mind. I'm sure I'm not going to do it now after drinking two gallons of diet soda. No. Why are you asking that? Please don't tell me he showed up. Nobody called. In the answer is, the answer is have a great life piece. They'll pay you on your own. I would like to hear I wish you nothing but the best, but the number. We're not playing fast and loose with our sponsor anymore. So you can play little games, okay? It's just not fair to them and not fair to us and not fair to you. Lose some weight and quit that round of the Rascal house with the professional Jews. I can't believe he called in, but then again, he's another friend called in this morning. I'm in a hospital, but it's got nothing to do with my weight. Right. Now, what is this that you're sending me? A nighttime first on Persis 20. Somebody there need some serious help. No wonder I got that. When you look at phone call, they hear me. Let me stack it, goes into the fast. It's simple as that. This is coming through as slow as my last is now. We had to go to assembly line going there for a while. And now it's slow down to a crawl. How many pages have you faxed me 25. 25. It's hard to make. At nighttime, which we don't know if he cares anything about this. And after seeing that earlier, no. WEDR is number one at night by the way. If anybody cares, people 25.54. Are we going to get some men numbers in here? So we know something eventually. Oh. This is the, we at 11 30, just as promised, there came the first page off there. And he assembly line with, it reminds me of that Lucy show where the, you know, the cookies were coming off the assembly line. Remember that? I'm sorry. I was having a discussion with somebody. This guy was talking about the numbers over here. Hey, tough. We don't have time for you to be interrupting our show. We don't have time for you to be interrupting our show. We don't have time for you to be interrupting our show. We don't have time for you to be interrupting our show. We don't have time for you to be interrupting our show. We don't have time for you to be interrupting our show. We don't have time for you to be interrupting our show. We don't have time for you to be interrupting our show. We don't have time for you to be interrupting our show. We don't have time for you to be interrupting our show. We don't have time for you to be interrupting our show. We don't have time for you to be interrupting our show. We don't have time for you to be interrupting our show. We don't have time for you to be interrupting our show. We don't have time for you to be interrupting our show. Just tell him to calm down. Take two and call us into more. I have my own prescribed room now. I don't have wings at all. I noticed when I was down there last month I noticed that they now have actually rubber on the walls and muffs office, which is interesting. And also some of the guys that are working on that were like I and Clarence's office. So we'll probably be next. Yeah, they're exactly. They're ready to install it now. So let me ask you this. Don't ask me. So I have no idea what's going on. And you're all wondering about congratulations. Yeah. I have one. Yeah. You're number one, David. What do you see the mornings and I'm going to leave now? What does that mean? That good huh? Yes. Bye bye. Bye bye. Oh no. Another train monkey. I don't know if they're very happy day with these. What do you see? Take off those checking your 18 or 31st. Everything's coming up for us. Okay, give them the hand to let them start sending. Because now they see this is like a big T. And we all know about the big T. Now even the hump are 18 to 34 when opening afternoon from a 1.2 and the last book to a 2.5 I mean that's not sensational, but I don't know where moving up. Where is Hank today by the way, Ma? He's door is something. He doesn't know. So in other words, okay, I'll tell you what George Monday I won't be here. I've never want to be doing something. No, it's business. It's flashing. This man is taking it very personal. How do you like that? Business and this man is taking it very, very personal. I can't this for only TV right now. You see. Oh, I know. I know. Good thing. Don't let this granny go. Good thing. Okay, okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Would you start fixing me some goddamn numbers? I haven't stopped fixing. There's nothing to come up for my machine now. Oh, my phone. Boy, don't mind if the bat is glasses. God. Are you telling me there's stuff that I should be getting now? Sending page 22 of what? About 30 man. What says receiving page 22, but it's not printing anything. What is that? What is that? My phone. Huh? Oh, it does say toner low. Am I going to have to change the toner? There's nothing wrong with it. Huh? I think this is a toner still starts getting real light, do you? Why is my thing not printing it all? I don't know. Oh, no. I don't understand this. There's nothing coming out of that machine. It says receiving page 24, 25. It's not printing anything, though. Is there paper? There's enough paper to choke a horse, okay? It might be receiving a big chunk and then print big chunk. I got a big chunk for you, okay? Remember what that bits it, open wide for chunky? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Let's take some calls while waiting to see if this guy, I don't think the fact machine is going to work. Let me just take a look. Do you see these things 28? Why is I going to work on here? I think they're going to work on here. I read the paper in there says receiving page 24, but it's not printing anything out. What do I do now? Punt. Somebody help me out. What do I do now folks? Punt the paper in there. How about if I just, because you might have to refax it. If I were you, I wouldn't be pushing anything through there right now. Does this mine's suggestion? Just, just spied out the last page. Okay, well I'll sit here waiting to see what happens after it receives. How many pages did you send through there? I'm reluctant to answer. I'm sorry to make it. That's what I thought you'd send. 45. Really? Yeah. And it's just doing like number 30 now? Well then, how come it was spitting out all these others one by each side by each before? This has got to be really spectacular listening for the audience. We apologize okay, but we're very excited because of number one and we didn't expect it. We thought we're going to get our ass kicked. And I can't wait to see that morning number. Oh, and I spilled stuff here. Oh, no. Oh, no. It's alright. So Jacqueline was a baby clone. Oh, yummy yummy violetas. I wonder if you like that? I spilled soda on my mouth. So much for that. She shook my hand on my hands. No, my hands go like the Goddess. I'm going to have to go shake her hand. This is brutal. This is like iron. It's terrible. Oh, seeing stuff was asking how you got that big number. Are you asking? Yeah. Stuff like this. Yeah, here's how. A great live radio. And you know, once you get soda and a keyboard, it usually... What? The coffee usually did it for me. And it blows out the keyboard. Yeah. Oh, look, I got a couple of spares in her closet there. Okay, now nothing has happened. I hang a key plan to music. Now it says receiving page 40, but it isn't printing any of it. Now what do I do now? What was the last page you got? The last page I got was it, oh, I think it's starting to print. I just heard it kind of like click into the game. Is it printing? Now receiving page 41. How many guy's the empages did you send here? You may need to act. 40. Oh. So we'll never know. 7 am. We're a fact. We have no interest in 25 to 54. The only page the important thing. The last page was page 3. So I have 42 more pages that you've fixed from this list. No, I haven't come in yet. I'm not going to fact you meant 25. 25. When? The fact. Don't tax anything until I tell you that they give it the highest sign. Okay, I'm about to give everybody the highest sign. WQA, are you still listening? Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. You're going to fire that Mexican who messed up your fact machine. Okay. I'm soon. Okay. What are you saying that fire? Why? Mexican that messed up your fact machine. Okay, your fire Carlos. Four minutes until noon at five sixty. WQA, you apologize for it. But during the break, I'm going to stop on. All the way to bed. It's just with one people. Does that mean it's going to start printing? Maybe. Hang on a second. This is the moment. I'm sure. Hang on. Okay. Are you okay? No. It said jam on it. I put a little blueberry jam on it. Now I think it's going to start printing. Won't that be exciting? I mean, it's during the break. If this starts printing out. Yeah. And I'm hearing it starting at Goosey noise when it's starting to print. You know that real exciting noise. Right? Like something we're going to come spurt now to there. Squared squirt. And there goes the page. And I'm slipping it out. And look at that. Alright. It's working, baby. Come on. And look. This is 420560. 280. 1, 2, 1. And number one. Damn it. I just stayed Goldstein. But you can go on these tells me. Whenever I'm in town, I listen to wait a minute. I am in town. It's the 12th of hour. S- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- W- after me man. We we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we you we we we And go for it, next woman, go get one of them. Yes, it's the wonderful world of radio. Oh, radio. Where you can hear your own voice. Let the WQA and school of broadcasting provide you with the essential tools you'll need to make your wet radio dreams come true. I mean, one, one, two. Where you can hear your own voice? Where you can hear your own voice? Where you can hear your own voice? I didn't like that. This was quite a procedure I just went through here. I'm glad you couldn't see it. No fewer than five people came in to say that that was the most hilarious 10 minutes of radio they ever heard in there. Not on this end, it was, I'm still in crap and I'm like, that's what you're trying to get the tax machine working. I feel like I'm under the gut in fact re here. Your misery is hysterical to them. I want to tell you one thing, man, it's more Howard David. Just what did I always tell you about him? I, I, I, I, I, I think we might have given them a little bit of help there from a three to from number ten and men. I hope he's listening right now. I'm sure he is moe. You did it, baby. I chose personal money. You couldn't do that without us. Oh, from a three point two from number ten and men to number five, a four point seven. It's time to get it on. There you go. That's sex. That was George Dunet. He's stupid. I know. That was George. Anyway, so number one and men Howard sperm. He didn't change that much. He went from a ten point. Oh, when I point eight, he's number one and more. Howard sperm. He runs a market. You know, and most of the markets. Zeta Zeta. Am I now? What was that other demo where they had that business? 18 to 34. That's something really stinks about that. Paulie. Paulie man. Zeta six forward with six six, but there's still way behind the Howard sperm. Hot five seven up to a six one. This is men. Six to 10 am radio ritmo five point four to a five point four. That's consistency, baby. Radio ritmo they're doing it. I don't have no idea what they're doing. I don't want to go. And then the more myster. The only problem being he didn't move up enough to like get us that bonus money. Overall was fourth and men. That piss you off. No party. No seriously. So in other words, we don't mind that if he did well. If he would have made a semester money by doing it. But as long as we weren't like in the top three overall in men, he might as well I had a one. If there was justice. But there's not. And we can't even find down Corley on he didn't feel it. Now in the midday in the midday and men 25. 54. Where number one? There's that bonus again, baby. From a six point eight in the fall to a seven point two. So let that dispel all these myths right now because that includes January, February, and March. Bonus. Not for you punk. Oh, you already got your bonus. Duff gave it to you in a hallway. He said bonus. You already got your bonus in a hall against the wall and whatever you do. Don't fall. And if it turns out bad, don't call me. Could have put something above ball in there too, but that would have been bad. Q amp from a six eight to a seven two. So that dispels the myth. How do you like that time, jica. Also the spell. And that's since it's January, February, and March. Huh? Yeah. And I was up here good part of that time. This bull cramp about. Wow, you know, he's out of touch. And all this other cramp. Now the bedtime stories that was horrendous, but you know, we had to work that out. IOD, which we were concerned about them with a worst of going on from a four to two to a five three. They went up from a time for seven to second. But we beat them by about two full points. Oh, Russian, Dr. Laura and all those other Barbison are going on. How do you like that or whatever she's called herself today? Orthonous, Jew-Bitch. Oh, boy. This isn't even your real number either. What do you mean by that? It's the 10 to three number. Oh, well, we don't know. Now let's see how Hank did. I haven't looked at see how Hank did yet. WI, oh, look at my can you. Oh, can you believe that? Did you look at the afternoon? Yeah. WIOD, the Schmidt, myster, had a course. That's the war, but nevertheless, that's a shocking number from a three seven number 12 to number one, six point two, practically doubled. That's a price. Hank did go up from six to third from a four to a four eight. And I was going on a hump or he's not around anyway. But the Schmidt, myster, with a six point two, course he inherits and Hank had a what a four eight. Yes. So another was Hank was in the top three. Yeah. We were number one and more, even though he had that big government movement there, there's still a lot of them from improvements. We'd out. I don't want to hear Monday morning. You're beating your breast, okay? Pound it down in the chest like those sheights over there. Because I'm looking at this and I'm saying, oh, sheight, we didn't get the extra bonus. Just a, let's see how close it was. The, huh? Well, I, what do you look at? EDR, EDR five, oh, no, that's not it. K, where does the Monday through Sunday? Then 12 out of 54. Shut up, sorry. Big 5.6, number one in men. Overall, 25, 54. EDR is number two for me to second. And what they say is the Schwarzfeld. Zeta is third, four, four to a four nine. And then Q a m from a four, five up to a four, seven. So Ashley went up in share, but down one position from third to four. See that? Yeah. So you're working on it, Mala, but you're better get it up just a little bit more. Okay. In fact, I think that going to party time here piece. If you were that this next month, we might be able to pull ourselves up into that extra bonus situation. So everybody done good. Let's hear it. Okay. Let's have a goddamn party. We're number one. Yeah. I thought it was 12 plus numbers. And I thought, wow, I'll get the funeral to do it. Can you imagine Greg and Muffins psychotic as they were before? Yeah, we were all going to go to the funeral superstore together. We have the funeral superstore. Now who deserves to go? I'll tell you, I bet you'll find Mike Disney there. Puket in a bucket. Probably going to say, how's Gary Puket in there and tuck it? Hmm, hmm. In fact, where to? How are they? Just in midday, man. Of course, that's, yeah, they're, they're almost also 25.54 right, sure. When you think? I don't know. A little bit. That's not their main demographic, but powers got a 3, 3. They dropped a little bit. 25.54. But where's party? Where's the party in our pants? WMI, B, men in black. They had the big spurt there for a lot of the, they would join the, crap, four, four to two, six. There are no wears. Where's party radio, man? Do you see it? No. Don't tell me they didn't make the cut. That would be too embarrassing. Waves, WAMR. Oh, there it is from a 3, 2, to a 2, 4. Oh, no. You can hear it all over Hollywood. Probably right up the street from your house. You can hear it at the, uh, Kyu D building. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. The parties over. They're singing it. They're crying in their booze. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. What a shame. So all that picking on power 96, they'll let Clever. Wow, they got all these commercials. Yeah, the reason they got all these commercials is because they got a big audience. That's why advertisers know that if they're under, they can reach all the punks that they want to unpower 96 as opposed to party radio, which nobody wants there to ruin Safri do over it over it over it over again. Okay, Disney, you simple than you. With it without the mustache. I was like a better without the mustache. You look a little scoopy. He looked a little hit for a rich with a mustache. 5.670. It wasn't my type. 5.670. 5.670. 50. Oh, there's a Hermann Gearing speaking of mustache. The Iraqi regime. Yeah, there he is. Rumsfeld Gearing. So now that we got to know what do we do now. W to Q.A.M. It's good. I was going to call the single party's arrow of Neo, but you are saying it from me. So, uh, that's all. I'm not bothered. Is this you? No, sir. Is this kid? Yeah, really. He did this. No, I picked up the phone screen. Let's run here. Watch your left. Run. Congratulations, amigo. I want to ask you one question. Sir, Sammy, we are in the year. It's embarrassing. But who had the bigger ass? Jeff, I or Anna, squeak. You know, every time you do this, I get that car from now. I'll let you know. Keep the investment old times. You know, never. Never. Never. I have one in the, you know, in the kid. I said, on kid. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. Not amazing. Kid career power 96 day done good man. We done good. I can't believe it. Those first course we've had that happen before. Yeah. Oh, yeah. See, what the artist doesn't understand that 12 plus number. It means everybody from the age of 12 to 150. So all for it's like me. We don't have, evidently, that many of them. But we don't really care about that. And I understand that because it would seem to be you remember the polls. The order of the people were the more they were against the war. Right. So it was like politically inclined. There you'd have thought we did it on better. But I guess I'm just, you know, well, there's a little. That's an old fag, you know. Oh, speaking of that. Well, sir, it sounds like you may make a good investigative reporter. You know, your friend, the scrudge on see stand. I don't want, don't ever put that voice on issue again. Okay. That's screamer. That's devil with the blue dress. That's who Mitch Ryder was singing about in that song. Tell him what the blue dress. It was a misgrudge with the devil. That's what lint told me. Allen and the Alexander of Virginia says I live in the DC. I met you every day and I was trying to review. I started on Thursday the follow Wednesday. Listen, you're sure on you. And naturally, in a member of a, Does my entry help you sure waiting since sitting other than different market? No, but thanks anyway. I'll know. No. In fact, it'll probably you just wasting your, you know, wasting the effort. We appreciate it very much though, Allen. Although it probably is the first and anytime anybody put his down on another market. When you think, well, that far away certainly, but it doesn't count because they've distributed the diaries in, you know, in the, they'd Broward. And also isn't it, vocals included in the TSA? I don't know. Yes, it is. Delray and Bokeh, I do believe. And anyway, so we're not below. We thank you very much for sticking with us. And keep sticking it. That's all I can tell you. That's really something kid Korea calling us to have us pat him on. I was going kid. He's a good guy. You know, except for it was Lousy tickets to the back speed point. No, they were great tickets. In fact, what's your name? Wasn't that Wayne Arnold's ex wife? That went with the daughter? That's really bad about the Hudson's wife. We're very sorry about that. Yes. He was very nice lady. And maybe you can have like Wayne Arnold's one day in a couple. We're not right away. We're not good. I don't give it a rest. Give it a little bit of a rest. Next week sometime, maybe. Twelve minutes past noon at five, 60 WCM. I just have and mo. My god. The shocker at a moment. Oh, oh. And he's giving me all this crap about you. I'm peeing on his parade. We built you up to what you are today. I'm going to believe me. Few people would take credit for that. Who would go out and public on a golf course with them. Checkered pants and emveracles. Vains in it. Nasty looking muskred. But I think that's what did it. I think we find the turn to public on them. And for what he really is. 1213 at five, 60 WCM. If you've been thinking about buying a new barbecue or any barbecue accessories. You gotta go to a great place called Barbecue's Galore. Here's yourself. I had started on the barbecuing season with the perfect real accessories. All of the guaranteed lowest prices in the universe. Barbecues Galore carries Barbecues in every price range from the top of the line commercial grade stainless steel grill. To the more portable, Weber charcoal grill. I got one of those. It is sensational. I mean, you know how I like my meat. Their popular three burner cook on has got a generous 625 square inch cooking area. And 42,000 VTUs offer one great low price. Get it on a hardwood steel or in closed grill car for just $399 bucks. Or I'll create a sleek black pedestal base for just $439 bucks. For all your barbecue needs at the guaranteed lowest prices don't forget. Shop Barbecues Galore in plantation on university drive in a fountain shopping center. Call 9504-42314. And across brings 7485 West Sample Road at the corner sample in Rock Island. Call 9504-757668. For the biggest and the best luck to Barbecues non-beatable prices anywhere in the USA. It's Barbecues Galore. I have a local of the 6560s. The way you zone yours. Chewy. And. We believe a word Neal said if the tongue was not arrived. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hi. Hi. I'm Aaron Sumer. You know us. You got me talking on the passion phones. Tell me the story about how you got flown. I got you down. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Holy cow. Oh. Oh. I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. The lines are jammed up. Yeah. I got you down. Yeah. Yeah. Holy cow. Oh. I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. I got you down. Yeah. I got you down. Yeah. I got you down. I got you down. Oh. Oh. I got you down. Here on the show. There's a new topic each night. Who'd you have sex with? With a blacker? With a white? I got you down. Yeah. Yeah. Holy cow. Oh. Oh. Oh. I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. So I'll tell you what you didn't send me is the men 2554. 7 a midnight. And I was just looking here to see our friend filled it. Our former friend filled who's. Yeah. So yeah. That's why I played that right. You got all the numbers we got. So we don't have men 2554 at night? No. Why is that shut up? That's what I was told to say. What does that mean? That means we got what we got. And how about those phones? What are you talking about? This is probably what I'm interpreted for me. This is all we're getting. And we're not supposed to talk about. It anymore. We're not supposed to talk about what anymore. That we're not getting any more numbers. Well, don't talk about that. All right. Are we getting any more numbers? Shut up. What are you talking about? I've never done it. Get any more. You're just making this up. No, I'm not. You can't. You got. Making it up. Okay. Whatever you say. We're a bit more. We're happy with what we got. You asshole. Yeah. You tell him. I thought it in the moment. It was going to have a big one. We didn't always. So red and so mobile. But on it related note. Yes. Greg says congratulations. Oh, thank you so much, Greg. I'm sure it's hard felt. Was it hard felt that he said like he meant it? It felt hard. No, but I didn't know you would. See, I thought the next call was going to be. Congratulations on the numbers. Neil, it goes to Shoya. That inspired you or a crappy politics or whatever. They still can't beat your ass. Oh, wouldn't that what you thought they were going to be? Yeah. A little sucks. And there I thought we deserved a little suction. Greg came back and opened up the mic there. So because he doesn't believe us. It was very hard felt. Was it? I felt it all the way up here. Then I thought maybe it was SARS. So immediately reach for my mask. Don't do that to me again. By the way, please, that episode from two hours ago. My god, I thought that it was like a. No, it's just like I thought there was like a major emergency in a building. That somebody died that they were thinking about on the stream. Just just squad, little note handed to the little George there. He can actually to me. I can produce it and examine it. You know, if, you know, if like the world comes to an end, then at that point, we can do that again. We can bond on the phone. Is he still there? Not anymore. Oh, it's a. We can talk about it now. We can talk about what? Tim. Oh, okay. Well, you know, see, then congratulate you. Greg, Greg, you off the air. Then he really, he really did. Now, let's see, were you a part of this book, January, February, and March? Some of it. You were always on vacation and we can march. Maybe that's why we had such a big march. Oh, I know. We didn't march, huh? No, we won't know until. Next week, when we get the hour by hour, we get the break. Then we get all I could suffer from our close personal friend, Maddie Bill. If somebody don't step on him first, he didn't congratulate me. And because you're small potatoes, man, he didn't eat knocking Regily you for the great job on the website. I bet you this man has never gone online on our website one time. How much you want to bet? That's a good thing. Good thing you didn't see. And they could pick to the Vixie chicks. Oh, they weren't naked. It's still on there. Carlos left it on there for you really. I hope you guys want to see the Vixie chicks almost naked. They covered at magazine. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 don't forget our hot couples contest. We already got six their contestants on there and it doesn't even officially start till May 1st. So everything's looking up great. Everybody should be happy. I want to say this right now. Even though I don't believe it'll happen. I think come Monday. Now that the pressure is off and everybody feels like, you know, of course, who knows if it'll last? But I think that the mold myster might be a little bit better frame of mine. Guilty won't feel like he's going to get candy. You know what I'm saying? Yes, I think life will be a little bit sweeter. I could be wrong about that because it is QAM. You asshole. And we have some people who are very bombastic. You asshole. Very emotional and very tough to get along with. You asshole. But after this, I mean, and I think we probably pulled them up about a point. You know what? You know, if only you could be down here for the big bonding episode that I'm sure will take place on Monday morning. Oh, yeah. He'll probably come in and give you a big hug and a squeeze. Even Viener boy probably gets like a little tongue from the man. We could have a big group group. But what I'm saying is that I think we probably, since we had a 7.2 from 10 to 3, I'm thinking there in his nine o'clock hour, which, of course, is part of morning drive, mo. You asshole. I'm thinking that we probably like boosted by at least a half a point. Okay. So when we do real well, he does well. So probably be a good idea from the stop telling his people, not to listen to our show since our show is like one fourth, 25% of what he gets. You see that? Yeah. He's showing how spiteful and stupid. He was like shoot himself in a foot. I asked you when he was talking that crap. But I think he's come along a long way. Now that he has got me in Harvey Firestein lumped in together, I think we're getting along a lot better. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6 did. Did I not tell you early in the show that this was going to be a wild and hysterical day to strap yourself in? I just feel it. You could smell it. And then Lynn Samel's email's me and says, this during that 10 minutes, he said, it was so funny. She was just screaming. She was in hysterics. She was in hysterics. And I thought this is the worst radio I've ever done in my life. Because I'm trying to do 50 things at once. You're nice, scoled the soda. That was it. That was it. I bet you're lying. Nine's going to be a good one. Q, I am. Hello. Get us a good one. Neil, congratulations. Thank you. Is this the chronic because of you? Yeah. I'm not being a chronic today. Okay. 5, 6, say, how do we know that? And that amazing talk about psychic powers. I just punched up the line. I know already before even saying hello who it is. I'm pretty damn good. If you ask me, WQAM. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Congratulations on your rating. Thank you. Excellent book. I'd like to give an observation on your show. You said you did a take on the show. Sounds like Reverend Jones trying to do a recipe voice. Reverend Jones, don't know who he is. Uh-huh. You could get all the chronic together, Neil. And has them. And then like do the point system. Yeah. And then give a point. Okay. See it. Pomp and a park Reverend Jones. He's trying out to do like a recipe voice to disguise the voice. So that's two out of two. I'm batting a thousand. I'm even Thai. I've never batted a thousand. That's what most say. He said he used to enjoy watching and play. I've never batted a thousand. Oh, look, was on here. My favorite threat that Iraq presented was that they had weapons of mass destruction. Oh, and his bald spot is shining so bad. They had like turned a camera off for a second. It was burning in. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. And back to our survey against not to pull like we usually do. But all we can log in will be on here for you to prove and just register who you are and what you are and what you are and what you think and you want to be. Neil's annual demographic survey. Which are you? Mayal 35 to 54, 328. Mayal 18 to 34, 198. Mayal 55 plus. Old Farts like me got a bunch of them 79. Female 35 to 54, 49. Female 55 plus 12. Female 18 to 34 George 12. Mayal 12 to 17, 8. And female 12 to 17, 3. See we got 11 that teenage you're skipping school to listen to this show. Which I love. That's a good good choice kids. Turn on the kids in the world on of this show. They might learn more life is really all about. Okay. And then we can fit them for some hip boots. They can start marching right away. Learn at 45 to re-angle salute. That's right. You're ready to go step right into the next century. For 26 at 560 WMU, you home on is out there. If you got your own pull in the back and you're looking forward to these hot hot unbelievable days about a zillion of them coming up very soon. I'm sorry man. Oh, that's just the next month alone. There's nothing worse than going out to take a nice dip in the pool. And look at it in there and say holy cow it is stained. It's dirty. It might even be cracking in the pool too. Don't look at that mess. No mode. Just do the smart thing in color. Good. But bodies of ours at Atlantic Marseille. Not just pool guys. There's so many of those guys. Everybody in their brother in Sanford is like a pool guy. They got little rusted out pickup truck. And they got their bigger things sticking out of the back. That big hose in that big net. Don't get the hose job. Talk to these people because they're a real construction company who use full time employees. Not just subcontractors who can wash up on shore. Atlantic Marseille specializes in the most incredible innovation at the pool business. Diamond Bright Atlantic Marseille has been pouring it on for 12 years. Their license they're in turn professionals. They even train other companies internationally. How to do diamond brightening right. And I'll give you here's one of the vestiles. They'll give you the same price to give the contract is you can't beat it. And with Miami, Broward and Palm Beach so called Atlantic Marseille. They're the biggest installers of diamond brightening south board. If you want your pool look in really snappy. These are the people you want to talk to. They'll come right to you. Give you a free estimate. And they also do a super job of pool and decorations. Custom lighting, pool heating and exotic. And you're right. Water features to for the best in the world. Call Atlantic Marseille toll free and 1-800-558-8883. It's 1-800-558-8883 diamond bright. Do it right because diamond bright is a pool's best friend. The water is beautiful. We're sports, we're no spicy star. You a-m. This is Ward. Not as pedophile. Coming up tonight. On the inside, in my high, the true honeywood celebrity music biography profile story. The startling true story of a man who wouldn't listen to his manager and ended up biting it very hard. He was Terrence Trent Darby. You're one of the college first album. Introducing the hotline. I said, okay, trendy, New York, lock boy. I don't know what the f*** it means, but go ahead. Terrence Trent Darby's manager. Jeff Stools. Yeah, looking back, I should have known. The guy has three names. You know, like Harry Han Strong Purple, Griffa's up, you know, that pretentious, up-al-West side. We think we're British horses. With a success of his first single, wishing well. Stools urge Darby not to alienate his fans of any more quote, fruity-assed art crap on quote. But Darby didn't listen. His second album would completely unnoticed. It's title, neither fish nor flesh. A soundtrack of love, faith, hope, and resurrection. Daniel f***ing believe it. I said Terrence, I'm dying here. I got three kids who need toilet paper to wipe their runny asses. And you give me fish and flesh and hope and resurrection. I ought to f***ing kill you. As Chet Stools home in business, win a defour closure. He begged Darby to listen to a reason. Unmoved. Darby released a third record. Symphony or damn, exploring the tension inside the sweetness. If I ever see this f***ing, I am gonna ram his contract so far up his act. Yes, he was going to say ass. But tonight, for the first time, Terrence Trent Darby himself responds to accusations that he's a complete f***ing pay. That's a great title for an album. I'm gonna have to be a part of the artist's response to accusations that he's a complete f***ing. Christ, I need a new job. It's a big juicy, sapping with liquor show business tonight. On his side of the highway. Call 33 on one of the most bizarre days in history my life. I'll tell you that 27th of the world we've got the man dog at one. Joseph Gackie at 3. And then we got the Marlins and the Cardinals. Any interest in that? No. And he came following the baseball game. And ESPN Ray over and I don't forget the big draft extracts against it tomorrow. They highly rated, well, whatever he is. I don't know how he did it in the mad dog. I'll be there tomorrow. So we have a bad connection on this set. This article from News Day, more signs of a crackdown on descent. This is a little bit disturbing for anybody with an IQ larger than their thumbnail. Cheryl McCarthy of News Day writes, A reader of News Day, I write over my criticism of the Bush administration, emailed me a warning to you today. Pretty soon he said people won't be allowed to write the kinds of things that they've been doing. The way things are going, he could be right. This attitude you'd better not criticize the government. And if you do you run patriotic and deserve to be shipped off to a country where they chop people's hands off, is gaining currency here. It's emboldened by the message that's emanating from Washington, New Americans. And the other country says, we're in charge now, and you better watch what you do and say. This used to be the kind of behavior we deployed in undemocratic governments, but it's growing here. And the 9-11 in the war with the record being used to justify it. One proof of this is the way peaceful anti-war protestes have been treated by the New York City Police Department, people like Carrie Larsson and Daniel Duweta. In February, you waited 26-year-old mechanical engineer from New Jersey, was arrested during anti-war march on Fifth Avenue when he and others sat down in the street. It was arrested again in March after a similar sit down demonstration following a peaceful march to Washington Square Park. This month, Larsson 28 had a domestic violence counselor took part in the demonstration outside the offices of the Carlisle Group, a private investment house with holdings in the defense industry. After some protestors sat down on the sidewalk, Lars News says she was merely walking and holding up a sign, was arrested as well. And police headquarters both awaited and Larsson-Wass questions that seem strange, considering the minor offenses with which they were charged, questions like how many protests did they participate in, what group were they affiliated with, how they heard about the demonstrations, how when you wait as case you got into the city from New Jersey, how they felt about the war with the Racco, whether they thought the United States should have ended World War II. Yes, really. When they bucked at answering the political questions, they were warned they could be held longer if they didn't cooperate. On one occasion, you wait as charges related to Smith's the other time he was charged with, disorderly conduct and given a court date, Larsson was given a court date, but I'm not sure what he's charged with. A group of lawyers is protested to a federal judge that is unlawful and unconstitutional for police to ask the kinds of questions of people involved in peaceful demonstrations. A spokesman for the city's corporation council office told a report that it is lawful since the demonstrators were arrested for crimes. That's absolutely ridiculous, Martin Stoller, one of the protesters lawyers told me. He said this was the same kind of behavior the police department engaged in during the 60s and 70s when it created dossiers on thousands of civil rights activists and Vietnam War protesters. Federal district judge Charles Hate ruled in 1980 that this kind of police surveillance was illegal, but he relaxed the rule somewhat after 9.11. Now the police department, and stretching the rules tonight participating in a peaceful city in a crime, that justifies trying to do a person's political beliefs. Stoller, fact me, a copy of the demonstration debreeding room that's being used by New York police to question anti-war protesters, the form bears the seal of the police department's intelligence division on one side, and on the other was a seal I was unable to decipher, and Stoller said reads New York, New Jersey high intensity trafficking area, executive office of the President of the United States. You tell me what war protesters have to do with drug trafficking, and why the president needs to know their political views. It's one thing to protect people from danger you wait to tell me, is another to protect people from dissent. This kind of interrogation of peaceful protesters is intimidation pure and simple. It's like a lot of other scary things that have been going on lately, and as my I rate reader warned me, your most humble columnist could be next right, Cheryl McCarthy in News Day. How do you like them apples huh? You're doing something wrong. We're not going to tell you what it is, and maybe you even contemplated some more crimes like in Delaware. Remember that? Sure, pre-five. You think you're thinking about doing something bad, so we're going to throw you in. We're going to drag your ass in, and the rest of you too. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line. WDQA in. WDQA in. Hold on. Hi, yes, hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how did Fox 4 to do? Uh-uh. Get him off and you're getting him out of here. How could you put him on? Sorry. Yeah, the beiner boy is responsible for that. You're supposed to be doing that psychic screening to your exposure to touch. You didn't teach you that yet? You better get with it. I tried to demonstrate on the first two there, and I do like two in a row, right? Right. And he's just not picking up the cues real quick. Well, he's all excited, you know. He thinks like he's a part of all of this. And of course, when you see all of what I really don't know at this point, to be honest with it, all of what. Remember Peggy Lee, is this all there is? Nope. Oh, if these people only knew if they only knew. If they only knew. What a bizarre day this has been, and all the angst in history on that end. Not on this end. I may have spoken over to soda here. Wow. 21 till 1 at 5. 60 WCM. Thank God the mad dogs coming up at 1 o'clock. Alright. The lights of West Boca is great, sure, for you fat folks out there. Don't die from being fat. Lose that weight. You'll feel better when I look better, too. And the lights is a great story, because they have over 700 low-carb sugar free products. All in this one, so that's devoted to you and your needs. Whether it's the number one atkins, die to any low-carb sugar free diet. The lights of West Boca is your low-carb superstore, committing samples of their newest big reproducts, like chocolate cupcakes in rallies by carb control, with only one effect of gram and carbs per serving. And don't forget all the other great things they have. They're like their selection of low-carb pasta and sauces, dressings, cheesecake, chocolates, and the famous soft serve, carboline ice cream, at the lights. Don't forget to let the West Boca all atkins, brand products are 25% off today. Next year, boys, I'm Easter Sunday all day every day. Stop by talking to their knowledgeable staff and don't forget to open every day from 10 to 10. Find lights on the Northeast corner of Glades in 441. Right next to Boston Market, call them toll free at 1-877 low-carb or shop them on thewebidlow-carb.com. It's one in the Zedian, it's one of a kind and there is only one. Do you like the West Boca? Your official Atkins retail center. The most popular at the West Boca is the New York City. The most popular at the West Boca is the New York City. The most popular at the West Boca is the New York City. The most popular at the West Boca is the New York City. The most popular at the West Boca is the New York City. The most popular at the West Boca is the New York City. The most popular at the West Boca is the New York City. The most popular at the West Boca is the New York City. The most popular at the West Boca is the New York City. The most popular at the West Boca is the New York City. The most popular at the West Boca is the New York City. The most popular at the West Boca is the New York City. The most popular at the West Boca is the New York City. The most popular at the West Boca is the New York City. The most popular at the West Boca is the New York City. The most popular at the West Boca is the New York City. The most popular at the West Boca is the New York City. The most popular at the West Boca is the New York City. The most popular at the West Boca is the New York City. The most popular at the West Boca is the New York City. The most popular at the West Boca is the New York City. The most popular at the West Boca is the New York City. The most popular at the West Boca is the New York City. The brains of mice. The doctor Laura by the way. As your mother is feeling today. Laura, I was strongly advised to put your tongue in my brown eyes. The doctor Laura, oh f**k! The doctor is the best doctor ever. The smell of chroma, oh cheese, oozing from her body. The 24-56-DWQA. Here's an interesting piece from the Tommy Troublemaker. It's going to be really chronic. George Bush was spending some time at his ranching Crawford. Texas, one afternoon he was riding in the back of his official limousine. When he saw two men eating grass by the roadside. The order is grabber to stop and get out to investigate. Why are you eating grass he asked one man? We don't have any money for food to poor man replied. Oh, I didn't come with me back to my ranch and instructed the president. But sir, I have a life in two children with me. Bring them along too, replied to President and turned to the other man and said, You come with us too. But sir, I have a life in six children, the second man said. Bring them as well answered, Bush has he headed for his limo. They all climbed in which was no easy task, even for a car's large as the presidential of the green. Once under way one of the poor fellow said, Sir, you're too kind. Thank you for taking all of us with you. Bush replied, glad to do it. You'll love my place. The grass is almost a foot tall. 560560. Can't get much more compassionate than that. Count five 60 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. Oh, if the fiber is still listening, here's some great harness raising. The left and the left is nothing matter. You know, something this has got to be a dream. This whole day and you ought to still even know half of what's going on. They'd like to know, but believe me, we don't know. It's just two bizarre. Even for QA, I mean, it's two bizarre. It was after 11 o'clock Wednesday, and while many in Northern Ohio, a struggle to stay away from their TV set to catch the weather forecast, Walter K. Jr. reached another milestone in the struggle to be the winningest driver in harness racing. Oh, there you go. This is what our audience wants to hear. Walter K. 42 became the second reinsmen in the history of the sport to pilot 11,000 winners when he put Mr. Senator on the lead in the 13th race in Northfield Park, and they stayed there winning by two lengths. K celebrated his 11,000 winner for less than five minutes before heading back to the paddock and paraphernal last race on the 14 race card, and which his horse mighty Joe Young would finish third. He didn't pause long enough to focus on his lifetime goal of catching Irvee Filion harness racing's all-time winning a striver with a 90, and let me credit something about Walter K. Jr. and Irvee Filion. I wouldn't bet on either one of them with your money. How do you like that? But nevertheless, there you go. Here's the latest hot harness racing news for you. 567-0560, pound-56, the only AT&T in Paraison, wireless line, WQAM. You're hanging out? Yes sir. Hey, how about the spokesman? He's really doing it in an animal, huh? He's doing it. The ducks. Hey, maybe we got rid of him too quick. I don't think so. He's stuck to join out here. Listen. Remember what the panties had to one big run? Sir? Right. Click. Oh, he's gone. Yeah. Another great hockey conversation there. They just, they just see they do that because they know that if I say anything, they can't respond to it because they're going to be what they're talking about. That year the panties didn't have any great year. They got hot just at the right time into the playoffs. And, you know, that's what playoffs are all about. Who gets hot at the right time, okay? Are you hot? In his case, the answer was no. God, WQAM. Hello? Yeah, I speak to Neil. No chance. WQAM? QAM? Yes sir. Neil, I just wanted to tell you that. I'm dying over here. WQAM? QAM, hello. Leave it to this crowd at P&R parade. You know what? Unsuch an incredible day. WQAM? Hey, it was off cam. How are you doing sir? Pretty good. I'll question for you. I'll ask what country was one of how your show evolved from what it was when you said like a serious talk show kind of thing going on. How did he evolve? Yeah, I actually go for my other series. There's some show with, you know, yes, talking about. Because it started getting boring to me and the average age of my list there was about 110 and there were fewer even dead and didn't know it. And at that point when I started getting bored by the set of whole of it, no more of that crap. But when you started this show, you already know the format that you want to have to do. What do you mean format? What is the format? Like, you know, what they think you do. Like the wide diet you want on the call. It just evolved man. It just happened. I just got rid of the guests and boring old people and it just happened. Okay. Give him new phone. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. You have no idea this last 20 minutes or so. This is the longest 20 minutes of my life. And of course, I mean, just that this is not, this is unacceptable. The way this entire thing's been handled on that end today. They have a got an idea when there's screaming at banana. And isn't it appropriate, of course, that all of these psychosis was engineered from within? You know what I mean? Allegedly? Come on here. Yeah. In other words, you take it up in your chair and then you're going to wind up sitting in it. You're farting your pew and you smell it. Of course, a lot of others do too. That's a problem. Just like you weigh them. All the rest of us get sucked up in the same swell. And believe me, today we're really getting sucked. 1250 10 till 1 at 560 WQ. I'm not telling you where they give you a great deal. And no games, no BS. Tom Layman and Don't Geopread are all the nice people that Halle and Pontiac GMC. They treat you right. No games, no crap. They give you unbeatable needle deals to all the time like these three right now. Nealtial number one, get yourself zero percent financing for 60 months. What is it? 60 months on every Pontiac or GMC in stock? Or 60 minutes if you like. Nealtial number two, get up to a $4,000 rebent and every new GMC in Pontiac in stock. That is corrected up to a $4,000 rebent at every new Coward truck in stock. And Nealtial number three, if you're currently a GM smartly, sir smart by customer and grab a Chevy Blazer older provider GMC Jimmy, via or lease a new Pontiac or GMC gets yourself an extra $1,000 off the price. And while you're at Halle, be sure and test drive the old new and powerful Pontiac brand free to. Like I always tell you, it's no core of evidence to be car. Halle, Pontiac GMC, you'll find them in the same location they've been for 35 plus years. 134,000 once out, 60 highway. That's right on US one across from the falls and the good news is they're open whenever you're in a mood to car shop every day, seven days a week. If you want more information on the Nealtial deals, just call that Nealtial hotline tool free. 1-Trival 8-534-444-444-11. Remember, Nealtial deals, subject to credit and approval, see neither four details at Halle, Pontiac GMC, who be professional grades. 5-5-5-5-5-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-7-6-6-6-6-6-5-8-10-6-6-6-6-7-6-6-6-6-6-9-3-9-9-6-6-5-6-6-9-7-6-6-6-8-9-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-8-6-6-6-6-6-6-7-6-8-7-6-5-6-6x-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-1-9-9-9-9-6-8-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-7-5-6-6-6-6-6-8-6-6-6-6-7-6-6-6-5-6-6-6 Stars, report you need to go and blind That place in He was working hard Late nights in the ovary of this Working on a practical joke It took him back a new dough Put an explode in Loading for my cup With blowin' rings a smoke Bills the cars and money Cause the China She left side a gigo Every time he makes it way go Money goes, it's not the kind You can do in the behind Oh, but a cigar and a vagina she's all mine Oh, people feel that he's been Made a fool of fire husband Feel that he was wrong Up in the Lincoln bedroom She was more and more And now the door was still in her With bills all gone Bills the cars and money Cause the China She left side a gigo Every friggin' time he makes it way go Money goes, it's not the kind You can do in the behind But a cigar and a vagina she's all mine Oh, can't do you think the camera She's all mine So the ass you want to have to do What? What the fuck? What the fuck? She's got a tool It's take a tip of reload Capricot in a brownbow Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Oh, no I'm a fitness assistant Light lunge Yeah Yeah Don't let a least learn world We'll be exploded to dominate people Go with the gas that we sold him First time a gresser nation and they only won Let's go in Now more blood will be spilled To get that oil going Or get about Korean But no clear to a man's a right queen He's really hit over it over it to our head Daddy, rock past some Wipe it up past this truck gun 3,000 people killed Our now forgotten Let's exploit him and stand Hamed their soil to be content Going after sit down to play Keto's summer There's no longer mention of The name is lotters Let's know and see if concerned I'll be in complacent Believe in every word of this cartel It's been a station I control this by fear Through the iron manipulation And the right queen Is really hit over it over it to our heads And I ragged that song Wipe it up past this truck gun The loss of civil rights is a rights that we're paying We're all suspects now Not the ass properly saying I have nothing to hide Table partners all are saying I know being a cattle don't have any reservation Out of provoked battle and world and I only choose All visions must fall And have a virgin installed With no objection at all Till the crack don't have the falls And the right queen Is really hit over it to our parade Watch dance I ragged that song Wipe it up past this truck gun The home we're in like me Only I ragged that song Wipe it up past this truck gun Wipe it up past this truck gun Wipe it up I ragged that song Wipe it up past this truck gun Wipe it up Till some people Wipe it up