Neil last night I feel too sussion julious Fulls people in the ballpark were paid admission Every single one of them I gave them tickets and they spent a hundred bucks each drinking 13,073 announced I just want to give you the challenge I don't want to I don't want to They don't have They're going here. We need to one if they don't have 15,000 don't troubles But no, I if they don't have at least 15,000 don't I you're just farting when I guarantee you tonight They'll have 30,000 fans for five or five About you by me bro now now what about the scene when they were When the nearer was in the opium room just sleeping and smoking opium for like a day Yeah, that was a great those opium that and all those people went in there. They just slaps for two days Well, that's what they say the last scene is that the whole day movie was nothing but an opium trip Well, I just spent four hours watching something that was just an opium trip But it was still very entertaining great music great great great great great great great I think a real adaptation of New York now what about Magnolia did you see that because I was to begin last night very strange movie I did see it Very different very unique very twisted I have not seen your rec we a movie, but I love that You're lucky a lot. It's all the other day. I like the other day. I like the sex I really wanted to talk about why is it that they don't have the balls to put me on while you're on your Whatever they call it's the badacle Jesus Christ you work about two days We had a minute. I came up with a solution yesterday, which was the perfect idea The same thing. I want to make some money listen to me you do a sports show, right? I'm always here to show in my sports sports one Always that make it there. That's what they're afraid of most on vacation for a solid week You could be in there with guilty. You could have slid right in this morning You could be doing six to ten right now and then like walley pip and Lou Girig you just never give the globe You know, it's funny is that I was negotiating in New York to do a political show for four hours a day across America I probably would have been sued and fired within a month anyway, but the fact remains is that I didn't want to do sports I wanted to talk about the things that you talk about I could talk about politics all day and have every Right wing You're gonna lose the license if you like You know, I see a motion don't lose the license. I heard you say that about me yesterday too. Who are you kidding? I mean, I do say asshole three hundred times to my one There's nothing wrong with you talk about rectums and mother-of-years and I'm like Jesus when you follow, you can say asshole all you want As you are a station, it's no one can argue with you, but I can tell you this much I think you're way more high risk than me. I would have I say something about one off of this dick Oh boy, I'm not repeating you're you crazy if you think I'm gonna cost him I'd like to a pussy to say that I'd never once been fined or suspected by that by the all the Fashes at the FCC well, I'll let you find it out with George because it quite frankly I don't give a crap who doesn't wonder I can't write it on that me phone if I mean you gotta I mean it can carry the liver into the game If there's a real story here now, let's give the rest of the story you were you were a jacking him for a few bucks extra for that Now let's let's face it they're too cheap They got the best feel in the world and so they're not in my cross-of-body extra cash Yeah, I like they don't have any extra cash. I think I'm seeing them. I'm not gonna pay any out I'm gonna steal it and fix it home to his family. You bet that right. Yeah, I know I do I don't like any of those people good luck. You have a lousy day. Okay, see ya The mad dog is out of control and you'll find out why when you hear the latest release from blackbuster entertainment You've managed things do it Here's what manager says I La la la! Enjoy your nerves, друзья,isu, Julia, please. Hold on, relax. I'll relax. Youolt, relax. I'll relax. I'll relax... I'll relax. One, two, three, four... Jim said he built a little bit foolish I like that You make it a horror But now he says I like this I like this The man dog just can't kiss enough for that cottage cheese But if he wants me to sing God plus America and face these nudges Bring up here I'll do it You got so And everybody knows That is so rare Whoa So rare Listen to the man dog, sing himself happy Oh, man A friend A friend A friend Jim said if he sings duet The bill will now It all blocked us through stories All I had to say about Last night What was this? You know How do you like me now? Who's kidding who? Take a good look And last night And this includes Neil Rogers He kneel up there in fact city Listen to me How do you like me now? I Fill two sections Full All right Wow See they can pack the whole damn park every night Just give the tickets away free Let's start giving away the parking for free What do you say sounds good to me? And a hot dog And a hot fun Sundays Sounds excellent They to me I'll go back He can't outshot me now Because we don't have money at this point Well wait I'll go get him But we did find out something very Very illuminating What was that? Right Our good friend for us A little bit upset Over the fact that See look If you're going to do something Do it Too much Heming and Hwang He's going to fill in He's not going to fill in And how many times did that change So finally we said We do the line in the sand We said well They can't get that thing done And George is going to do a thing You know I just got a respect Not that we have a lot of respect for George But just a little bit of respect Just got a common decent See the guy's been doing it for a few years Now and there's not a problem And you notice how I didn't get a response About him back and up And doing the show with guilty I mean Most on vacation this week I'm nobody on this show Is on vacation right now There's nobody I mean zoom in and be in a boy We've got our full staff here right now What about mobile on vacation right? Absolutely Starting this morning Makes all the sense in a world of me For real and guilty I could have listened on the way into work There you go Scott and guilty in a morning And two interesting voices A bit of a contrast there Huh But there's some I don't know what there is There's not even a crossover It would be a clock when guilty Does this show like this morning There's no crossover There's no fun There's no, I don't know what that's all about But I think it's just a perfect And I think that there's a little bit of paranoia There you do understand I don't even exaggerating a bit A little bit of paranoia And somebody's part there Fred that if for real moves into the morning There would guilty And does that six to ten for a few days And it goes over bigger than Mary Taylor More that maybe somebody might not come back Or maybe somebody come back And just do five to six Like a warm up power Or maybe somebody come back And just do the updates See what I'm saying? Yeah So that seems to me to be the logical move Is for for elder than fill in there But far beyond for me I'm not pulling the strings We're very happy you're doing ten o'clock to two Whatever it is when we find a get on Ten o'clock until two That's fine with me I'm not looking into after all these years To branch out, moving anybody else's territory Well, we'll be happy being back at our time So good luck you Scott I mean, yeah again I wish him all luck in the world He's a dynamite, he's different, he's off the wall But the fact that a matter is he's put all of his eggs in a dead basket Okay And believe you me That's what mode told me there's nothing worse than having a dead basket Because this marlin thing you can whip it And you can flagulate it and you can beat it And they won twenty to one I don't care if they won two hundred to one The fact is that there was one more Even though it's a front running foony town And it became over five hundred The fact that a matter is that there is one more person That it gives a flying crap about it than they did yesterday Before they won twenty to one Any more before they lost twenty five to nine to boss And last Friday Nobody cares You try to force feed something okay Good luck to you more power to you We can wait till panther scenes starts and give away We can fill up I'm not saying fill up because most of them won't show up But we can give away three sections full of tickets So given away stuff for free and south food is not what I would call Like a major accomplishment you follow what I'm saying In the free loading capital of the entire globe Don't take any crap you got for free Although you remember when you were trying to I know I take that back I give mall or credit in the world because we're trying to give away Marla tickets and treasure all I fill the marlin's and I'm gonna fill the dinners Couldn't do it You know I'm gonna tell you right now you pull a crap That's what you're full of your full of crap You can't stop it you said that I couldn't even if I gave away they wouldn't come They came and drove they brought their whole wives Well that's because you turned into a whole house out there That's fine. That's good They brought all their snuck free It's packed lets it out so right now free sex for everybody Tomorrow game next time you're out there There you go For else I'm gonna service everybody Why them up in the header all the service with us while they be service with us while Yeah, you had a good time here this weekend. Let's say that All those fags right here this weekend Hundreds of the effect I guarantee we had to hell about more fags here this weekend New got people at the marlin game all season long But that's another story for another day He's listening. He's an optimist. He's trying real hard. He wants to make that the centerpiece of his life And the only thing he can open is that baseball seasons over real quick that that second half of the season just slides on by real fast And then we get to something we can really sink our teeth into its own photo hockey Oh my god And look this is for trail by city Oh Oh God Oh One is the town room And the town of Marlin's game But free We make it to the one that's the total attendance at the Marlin's flat day Yeah To my way to see a whole run Act of Marlin's game You Might be the only one to get a stroke from the sun Watching all of the block Yeah You Be careful All of And have yourself to hopefully Hey So you can go for real walk And have a nice talk with the guy other day Sports one is the total attendance one is the total attendance All of the kids are Marlin's game And it's just the always we're For me, all of the girls are there And the children are there All of the women are there Because they are like no Yeah You're the only one So you notice there is that hostility there because So if Rosnott doing this tend to two or part of it During these summer months Did you hear that? Yeah Well And what did I tell you before the show? Because he's not coming in there And bonding with you guys in the morning and he more is eaten Not in the hallway In fact he's eating in his studio Which Clarence said he's going to go in there And just beat the crap out of him which was rather amusing And I just go on Clarence, give it a good shot So sir, I can't be there to see all these I've never seen battles going on Missing all the fun Here's the poll result from yesterday Which actor actress would cause you absolutely Absolutely Not to see him who would be that they're in 1414 votes pretty good response Considering nobody's in town Ed Norton and Gene Gershund didn't have any See what's the point of people calling him in And then they don't even get one vote They get to call Oh well that's good we like that Actually we did have a lot of call Whippy Goldberg beat everybody hands down your pants 173 don't want to be making Wopi Or seeing Wopi they don't want no pot of Wopi Kushn okay they cannot stand looking at that bitch and I agree Barbara Streisand 114 Oh you know something she's going to be on today's poll I forgot about her But she'll be on there. We'll get to that Poly sure 98 Leo to Caprio 96 They don't come or macho them Leo Spike Lee 81 Jean-Clog God Dan 60 Adam Sandler 59 Tyler will Smith That's a good match right there It's hard to separate that pair like clearance in the V Tardis separated And in the Sandler will Smith he said 59 votes up in noxious Slice the loan 53 Steven Sagao 45 Sandler Pollock 38 now I think George who was out Suggested I you to agree with me that's on you Unusual and cruel punishment right what's wrong with her I don't know a lot of crappy movies but it's not her fault I mean she's cute I mean maybe she's a little bit too cute See I don't know I can never show her breasts So maybe for those people that you know have a problem with that yeah Well Madonna shows her breast anybody want to see her Oh no thank you all let's see she was a lady addition on here Wouldn't she or do we never put her on here? We never put that bitch on here beiner boy Oh How could we have done that we missed Madonna somebody called it in Actually somebody just called it right now to say that What we apologize profusely okay we screwed up Nobody's perfect all right probably was eras fault Jennifer Lopez 37 Patrick sleazy 35 the rock 33 Julia Roberts 25 another one then a little now see that's become it's become Involved to hate Julia Robert right become very fashionable I think she's fine she's just I mean personally she may be an obnoxious disgusting screwed up bitch But then again who was okay and a drop of it was a good movie and sleeping with the enemy was an excellent movie Right I thought her performance in him will be was fabulous nothing well with that Robert down in junior 24 Martin Lawrence 24 Mickey worked 21 Sorry Mickey they don't like it too much John revolt and Kiana Reeves each had 20 Kevin cost her 19 he should have had more than that he is coma inducing John Redder 17 Chuck Heston 17 Jeanine Grafalo 16 Tom Arnold 16 Arnold Schwarzenegger 16 Melody Griffith 15 Bruce Willis 14 should have done better Richard gear 14 same person Arthur Charles Gordon was a late edition did 13 he should have more than that Ted Denson 13 now you can straighten that out Ted Denson was going with Wofi Gulberg. That's for real right. Yeah Once upon a time right peanut boy didn't believe that hot in the hammer was he where the beast didn't want to believe that the beast on a beast by the way That was a good spot he did there in that last break on for L show that was a good spot I didn't know he had an animat sound pretty good and sound like you that usual amateur hour Laugh usually those my screams too much, but we're gonna get the beast back on balance for life. That's the good news Being a man of my word that I am I told Troy the boy this morning for a strap or get it back on or that fat tub give him one more shot Okay one more shot For cubby try to save his life Rosie Perez and Mel Gibson each had 12 McColle Colton and Jeff Goldblum 10 Ever see the two of them together Sally feels Andy Garcia each had nine Michael perray head eight Now you stuck that on there before you left right he hasn't done anything that anyone would notice in a long time Yeah, and there's a reason for that. Oh, he's been making a lot of B movies lately Eddie and Acruzas was hardly an A movie well, what A movie did he ever make adding the cruisers? That was not an A movie. It was a cult classic Rob Schneider Chris rock and Tom Hanks each have seven Eddie Murphy and Meg Ryan six Christian slater One of your least favorites in Matthew McGonney he had five Nicholas in the cage for Haley Joel Osmond three Donnie Osmond was not here Eric Roberts and Brendan Fraser and Kurt Russell two a piece Plinies would Emily and Ashley Jodie said one that's it. I've over 1400 votes people who would prevent you for every single movie and Sometimes you do that and you make a bad mistake You must have done a really good flick because you have that that pre-pused prejudice or like the Bert Reynolds thing in boogie nights who to thunk it We have it. He was good in deliverance. Yeah, that's one you wouldn't not watch deliverance because Bert Reynolds was his A little bit think I saw deliverance before I hated him. Can you explain something to me? Why don't we have these calls on here? Here's sunny aisles. Hello, yes, sir. Hey, I watched wrecking a for a dream last night one word Disturbing. Wow. Yes, awesome. Uh-huh. They got a good website Got to be on Columbia house On editors version The maze and the nice little insert and a two and And uh, Requiem has a good website. You want to check it out Okay, so have a go. But he wants another movie you guys are talking about it similar to this one Magnolia Uh, Memento Yeah, that's it. Thanks a lot, but you have a good one. Okay, enjoy it. See what we're doing. And I know this for how was talking with me about movies a little bit there at the end He agreed once upon a time in America was great and Magnolia all the way and thinking like I go to that much He said it was interesting You're a few. Somebody's food. You say oh, how did you like it? Oh, it was interesting. Here it is. Yeah Magnolia was great. I watched it again last night. Don't worry about the Easter eggs and it's not a big deal. Somebody called about that yesterday And it's not any eight minutes is like maybe three or four minutes and it's it's okay I mean you're a couple of the flubs and Tom Cruise cracks up a couple of times if that turns you on great Okay, but the Easter eggs aren't really worth the effort But Magnolia is the best movie ever made it's not it's not a debatable point there's no question about it You can go seen by air every scene in that movie and it's over three hours long every scene is classic You know what I mean by that? I'm not debating it No, no, I'm just telling you every scene in that movie is a classic right? Air every character in there. Air we air reacting performance is spell binding Is that debatable? Nope From the cop to what's his name who croaked? I said watch that when that scene comes on I watched that so intently you know because it's just so brilliantly shot Yes, and then when the spaz the the young wife is in a car just she's she's almost in a coma from drugs and booze And she's she's singing a song and What's his name? They're old Ed Partridge isn't that his name in a movie? I don't know whatever it held his name is he's lying there on his deathbed with a tube and his nose and his lips are moving He's he's saying the son they're all singing it. Oh, one of the one of the outtakes Earl Earl Partridge Earl Partridge. Sorry You got him confused with Danny Park's I One of the outtakes was the cop, you know when they show him sitting on the bed and he's doing his part singing the song and at the whole montage there They they go to the bed and it's really dark and like the camera is panning around to try to find them and He's on a bed faced out with his pants down. He's moaning in the camera and everybody just cracks up and goes nuts It's a you had to be there to see it Be here. Yeah, something that the parents probably would like 10 26 at 5.60 QAM This is for 205.60 Hey, far out by the way, so I've been given it some score. See How many tickets? I know that me and you can do much better go in six to ten and not in five I'm Gentile in the cranky too. I think we might be happy to get there I Think you really got out of your mind. You got to have your wee wee bag That's on tonight no chance I'll go and show it you. I grab a dive with me crappy together How have you know that I'm a big busy Jew from Oakland hi I've been raped by everybody but you're not high Me and know this that would blow no way that if we had a fight that you survived Would wanna hear a genetile and pushy life that's crappy together Sorry Me for me is much better six to ten not five it's only right that I should get Worsely midnight I think we might be happy to get Slide the body. Slide the body. The body went on. the 32 to 560 WCM so let me just set the record straight on one thing okay and of course when we do that crossover Amount is well just sit here and like listen and make a few better results because once he gets once he gets going there's no interjecting like that But when the first suggestion was made to all of us on this show about him like picking up the slack on some of the Amount it went in Friday in the summertime. What was the response? Great Love you see I like That's good to me and then they dittled around and dicked around while Greg says this and for outside That and maybe he doesn't want to do it and maybe they misunderstood In fact, didn't he on this show say that he only wanted to come on on Friday right now We're across over on Friday our crossover Friday so helping out doing like 10 to noon Monday Wednesday and Friday then evolved and doing an hour crossover with you on Friday only and then you've Fauded in a lot while let's forget about it that well. It's still not over it I just I'm not big on things like that. They just keep going on and on let's get our feet on a ground I figure out what they're gonna be that's that's the way I like to do it get one toe on a ground even up here in fact city So that's the way it was and he's a little on a porktoil side I can tell nobody fools me even by long distance like a tell He's just not binding with you guys the way he was he's eating up in a hallway. He's got ants crawl up and down his pants I mean, I don't understand the big deal He's he's got his slopp over into there. You know, I'm sure that he and you will be slapping over quite a bit It'll be really sloppy. Yeah 7 and 10 people in a pool say the Bush administration implied that Iraq and its leader Sodom who's saying were involved in the 9-11 attacks against the US 7 out of 10 and a majority 52% say they believe the US has found clear evidence in Iraq that Sodom was working closely with the al-Qaeda terrorist organization The number that believes this country has found weapons of as destruction is 23% down from 34% in May according to a poll conducted by the program on international policy attitudes and stupidity at the University of Maryland 34% may believe we found WMDs now it's out of 23. We haven't found any yet and we certainly found ample evidence that all the other Bullcraft about al-Qaeda ties with Sodom was below any but still 52% by it and you and you talk about Polls about voicemail about this and forget about it. There's so many stupid people out there. What's the point? Like I said if they went on a year like now They have a press conference and breathlessly announced to the world that they lie through their teeth. It was all a bunch of bull crap That it's exon and it's haliburton and it's back telling all these people the public would that poll results would change maybe one or two percent Here's our poll today It goes back to some we were talking about yesterday. I was talking about because nobody else was talking on a show Did you beat the beast around the head and shoulders? You know, I don't I don't think we really ought to do that thing for him I'm balanced for life all the way. I guess we will not he's unbalanced for life. Yeah. Yeah He didn't say a guy damn thing finally at 145 This shows like almost over yesterday and he decides that oh, maybe he didn't understand his role on a show He was sitting in your chair. You go home sick and of course be no boy sure picked up to slack a lot not That also supposed to be the third option You scared the beast you've cowed him. He's afraid to open up his mouth around you. Is that what it was? Thanks, I think he actually did open up a little bit there when I invited him to stir rippin into moan about the real reason I got blown off on that show. Well, that's a labor of love. He didn't enjoy that We heard some things we hadn't heard quite as intensely before Which of these people most represents an ugly sexual's racial or ethics stereotype? Do you re-sign filled? Friend, pressure, Eddie Murphy, Jim J. Bullock. That's my list so far. I'm adding barba strife's in. Oh Oh, yeah, yeah, she's got anti-Semitism written all over that nose and both cross dies Wow walking anti-Semitism all I'd think Jerry's time for oh and friend, pressure the nanny Don't be some other ones had to do our list you can get George's life on had Which of these people most represents an ugly sexual racial or ethics stereotype? Jerry signed felt friend, pressure, Eddie Murphy. Now who's some other black jive Assholes Chris rock He rips into All the neighbors and everything all the time Yeah, but his mind his name did come to mind, but you're right. He doesn't he should be on there Eddie Griffin Eddie Griffin you have a bit making fun of him. He's the I know under cover brother that guy Shuck it in jive and Malcolm and Eddie Eddie Griffin okay got it 560 50560 pound five 60 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line. It's Wednesday. That's a good news Wednesday. That means what's our big one to two hour coming up all comedy bits Plus, let me just also give a plug for a couple's contests because we're not to get much action yet Are we it always happened always starts out very very slow and then they start getting really panicky when it's only the second of July And the contest doesn't really start officially. We don't put the pictures up until July 14 which is a week from next Monday So we got almost two weeks But you can email your pictures to contest and your Rogers dot com is that right? correct Contest at new Rogers dot com and then we'll put them all up there on Monday July 14 and the audience So I have a week to vote and in July 21 we'll have the top three for you With some good prizes, which I'll read that thing and little later on as soon as we figure out what it is 56705 and not only not only couldn't you give Marlon tickets away a treasure island a couple of weeks You remember what was happening people were showing up trying to give theirs to us They were bringing them back and trying to give them to these guys That's how badly they wanted them, you know I mean, you know, you can you can have a big party out there and turn into something else and give away a bunch of pretty tickets and people Shut up and have you know have a good time have a party That's fine, but if you're gonna try to convince me that all of a sudden You're gonna make people in south or to baseball fans or in a hockey fans It's like saying oh my god, those people in Alaska are gonna start buying a halivar like a by the case load right Here's Haley once I've experienced 5670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir. How are you okay? Hey I've been looking for you for years And I've got three which you 100% would use you every time it's topic you go on there. Yeah But one thing yeah, this thing with the marlins I want you back for a little bit What would you mean by that? Why are you trying you know You're trying to get people out there? Sir, let me say this in the town a few weeks ago. I give I have already said it. I give him marks for making an effort But the fact is he is he spinning his wheels, okay? He's spinning his wheels. It's like trying to sell God that moths of balls to the Arabs and it could have fly And I agree when you say you son of the woods you want me to also waste my time on my show Try to whip everybody up into a frenzy When you mean by back him what am I supposed to do is lead my help No, no, no, see I get this all the time about how negative I am know if the people of South Florida who are negative And what's a port anything don't look at me. I tried getting people out tomorrow and games I tried giving you know something you in this life You have to learn your lesson you have to stop beating at that horse and have a great day, okay? Plus we don't want to talk to people over the age of 100 which is basically yeah, I don't like it in the wood Yeah, why you're so negative I'm not negative. It's the people of that area that are so freaking negative Because I noticed that every time you get into one of these tyrades It's also well also for knee-alurogity as if I'm the reason this sounds like John Henry all over again. You know I mean Yeah, Neil Rogers it just be more enthusiastic then we get some people out there Right first I had a morning show with Chuck Meyer. That's right. That was when it started when I screwed up the Chuck Meyer morning Sure one I OD and since then I have more lentless. I haven't stopped being a real prick I have no problem with I mean and the interesting part of it is to have listened about all the screaming in the Ellen on this station about David Samson and Delilah and all of this other crap about the ownership and about what a bunch of jerks they are and then all of a sudden they get hot one of you games And we got a new guy on a block who's you know for whatever reason to hitch this start away to a dead Situation and now all of a sudden everybody's gonna care about the freaking marlins every time we take a poll on the show We could do it again today, but I'm not gonna waste my time the interest is minimal to non-existent. Oh sure There's a bunch of people watching for free on TV Just like that crap about Don 12 will us. Oh my god He's gonna be the hottest draw and mad dogs on earth are going on about and and every time he was on the TV ratings When up cuz you can sit there at home. I'll watch it for free. That doesn't mean getting off your ass and spend a few bucks. It's the most inexpensive sports ticket in town Maybe if it's her free and maybe if you'll give us a parking pass and maybe if you'll feed us and maybe if you put on a goddamn Porno show there and have a few strippers out there Maybe we'll show up if we're in a right mood in the moon isn't right in Uranus maybe I didn't just arrive on a scene baby. We have it around a long time in this town. Okay, and I've seen people beat their heads against the wall trying to promote It's almost impossible Even a couple years ago when a panthers had a big year whatever it had. How many years ago? About 30 man. Yeah, when I had their best home season in it We had like one or two sellouts the whole season the whole goddamn year and they had a phenomenal homework and it was like about three years ago And you can get on there and just waste your airtime and then the fact of the matter is all you're doing is tuning people out because the majority of the people don't care about these things Okay, you can't force feed stuff to people. They're all care about it What was number three on the list two days ago when we did the poll about things that people don't ever want to hear on his show Sports was number one hockey was number three I rest my case. We didn't even waste their time putting a Marlins on there. There would have been top 10 10 42 at five 60 WQM for the next two weeks. It's the big July fourth deal at Valence for life That's right. You can get 10% off of the next two weeks when you mentioned the real Rogers show the best deal that they've ever offered So not only is the food delicious not only can you join the beast who's back on and now and lose that weight But you can save some money to 10% off these next two weeks. Be sure and time that Neil told you to call when you call Valence for life Don't forget no cooking no shopping no cleaning no calorie or carbohydrate counting No worries just great results the weight pours off your body and you're satisfied because the key is that little black sack They deliver right your door by six an a n three gourmet meals Tudeless just next right your doorstep every morning all the food you need for the entire day five Feetings of fresh delicious goodies are in there. You'll never go hungry on balance for life I guarantee you the only choices you have to make or fill them out that menu once a week you pick between two alternatives reach Meal every day that you want to program so let balance for life help you lose that way once and for all if you're overweight Out of shape, let the larger key. I have no energy at all if you're a diabetic around the verge Let balance for life help you lose that weight calm today and be sure and tell me who to buy it on this program nine five four five six eight 30 29 nine five four five six eight 30 29 Or check them out on their website and balance for life.com I was so glad you For a seven and five six you've come I bet you thought that I forgot about Hillary into I was hoping Pray now sacrifice the chicken just a couple of sentences here on all the white I hit the jackpot I was gonna vote for Jerry sign fell then I looked at that thing and I thought now he's he's dripping with that New York Jewie kind of look but nobody comes close to friend Dresher so I voted for Look at Jesus drawn away from the pack. She's already got 26 votes man In fact the the ADL and the JDL and everybody else should be protesting against the reruns of that show That's not still on is that I'm sure it's a long-awaited syndication who Rosie Paris My what you stop what you stop what you stop with that spicsta Hillary writes my sisters see you truly off here my mother sister My mother sister Isabelle was born in 1924 the girls were off and shuddle from one relative to another and from school the school Never said saying anywhere long enough to make friends Maybe that's when she got the roots for her ice princess routine In 1927 my mother's young parents finally got a divorce Maran those days in a terrible shame Neither was willing to care for their children so they sent their daughters from Chicago by train to live with their paternal grandparents in Alhambra A town in the San Gabriel Mountains east of Los Angeles on the four-day journey eight-year-old Dorothy was in charge of her three-year-old sister End of today's reading from the Hillary book called Living History by Hillary Rotten Clinton. It is terminal. It is pandris I think I'm doing a big service there, okay? I'll almost through two pages. I hate you 5670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line a regardless of which word stress to pedaliya go see Magnolia go get it go win it or buy the DVD. It's well worth it. It's one of the great movies of all time Even though you're not satisfied with the ending which I still find it bizarre that you like the ending once upon a time in America That was okay. I didn't see I liked it. Oh Well after four hours it had it had it individually right I'm just glad to be released God had it sooner or later in this case Although they were kind enough to put an intermission down there although the The intermission is on this in the middle of this two on the CD What do they do that? What just so you don't miss it? Well, I hate to break the news Demistir Hodge. I put in Godfather. There was an intermission in Godfather right? I know And go with the wind go one with the wind. There we are Because people got to go pee you know they got to go do the stuff plus they watch you go out and buy a bunch of crap to write your teeth with too They watch your money 5670560 pound five 60 Neal can't you be a little bit more positive can't you be one of their front running phonies like the rest of us here Here's Boiton V. Hello Neil yes sir Can we add Jackie Mason to the list? Yes, we certainly can we can add Jackie Mason he's one of those very up not just Neil have you seen a we all he'll have you seen gangs of New York? Is he in it? But why would you ask if I seen it if he's in it I ain't seen it Well, then you'll be Lewis is awesome in that movie. Yeah, it's worth it just to watch it. I'll take your word for it And you get to watch Leo get a space feed and so it's worth it. Oh like I said they're thinking about it Okay, thanks for the good news paling. Thanks. Have a great day. Okay, have a great in fact Have you ever seen Jackie Mason and mode together? No, something like about they both they both have that same kind of pedantic sound Right? I could tell you something about mode But I don't want to go into it on the air here today. I want to have a nice sub pleasant last couple of days before my summer schedule starts I could go into that thing, but I won't for right now for the moment Mo talk about paranoid and delusional and psychotic and just a real piece of dirt even for Alice more and did you want you to in here because you don't listen to QAM shame on you I bet you've been your boy heard it Did you hear the part where Scott was talking about how the atmosphere and the building what he says? I love mode, but but Yeah, anyone to the thing about how everybody when Mo is there. It's like when a school teaches around everybody's walking on eggshells It has to be on a best behavior Which I think was a very kind way of saying that everybody hates him like poison which he's already saying Yeah, and his comments will get worse and it's and it's absolutely true I mean now the week that I was down here because I only saw Mo in passing a couple of times like two ships in the night Oh, I thought that I'm big so I but he'd like you would be driven to work in us limo every day Yeah, that kind of crap But it anyway I only saw him like for a few seconds, which I could handle but the rest of the time it was like a party atmosphere in the whole building So for while not only the audience love his act, but also He's got all of that tremendous positive vibe because he's not Mo see what I'm saying. He's got like a double-bam either He can't miss Even though he would like to do this show starting next Monday Hey, check this out Well, that's that floss Nanny Oh, it's on now somewhere. Yeah lifetime Jesus, I hate that bitch and that show Not located Totally see her name was spelled she's dead first of all. She hasn't been on her walk. She's dead Toady was T.O. T.I. E. Toady and Scott T.O. D. Y. Toady. Well, she was like a big fed boop-o-toad Toady feels she's dead and Sarah Jessica Parker game. Let you stop with that Here's what it says how about Ricky Tickey Martin? I don't know. I think he's fooling a lot of stupid women out there. Don't you? Oh, I There real type of he representing Fag Are they talking about spik? I don't think so No no no no no no no no no no in fact if you wanted to put somebody dead on their how about does yarn is All right Lucy, I mean you Let's put him on there, okay? Just an ugly stereotype he was an accurate stare. No, no Oh, were you stopped what Oh, that's how that's how Cubans are like does yarn is I had to choose I mean they're not all band leaders Yeah, yeah, but they dress like that. I heard that story about the band leader That like and the Garcia they'll beat up their wives and I want to see our nose on the list, okay? I can go get a lot of votes. Just Lucy, Lucy, I mean Come on Let's see Charles Barkley Give a Charles Barkley is well he's a ball player and we don't want to put athletes on there Says hey Scott for real time will tell time will tell and he was God Scott whatever that means he has golden turquishot at most ages this morning We should have that oh what I love to hear that Woo How old did he say was about third man times three Man oh man Season good stuff is going on now. It's getting really juicy a QM. This is what the audience can stick their teeth into they love it They like it a lot Even of course some of these on vacation and he's very indignant that you should say this and you should say that and then how about baba Frank Russia's got 37 Eddie Murphy's got 11 Jim jay bullock nine screamer I was gonna put Charles Nelson rally on there, but he we don't see him anymore except on a match game not alone Well, but we don't see does he aren't as accepted reruns because he's been dead for about 20 years Yeah, but let's put Charles Nelson rally on are we gonna have a few fags Huh Because that's generally what the media does best is represent all minorities with the ugliest most stereotypical In fact Hollywood squares which we mentioned the other day always had to have either Paul in or some other really Frutie guy in a center square not okay. We're wrong. I love Paul when he was very funny, but he was a real fruitcake Who's some of the other a screamer? Oh, and then they had that jackass from the advocate Bruce What else is name the lunch Bruce Valand oh my god I want to go back in a closet when I see that queen on there With a blonde wig in a whole deal. He he I think he and the freaky Carlos and make a great pair those two maybe they'll allow We'd put a monitor, but I don't think anybody knows who's that who would have he love it up Friend Resher 41 the nanny Oh, what in fact there are people rolling in their graves in the concentration camps from friend Resher being on the air, okay For fear that she's gonna rekindle Friend Resher 41 any Murphy 12 Barbara Streisand 11 Jim J. Bullock 10 Jerry Seinfeld 7 any Griffin Three there's gotta be some other a dark and plated folks. Oh, no, I would put even though I love the show I put George Jefferson on there Okay, huh? I was leaving. Oh, hopefully. I'm asleep whatever it is But we're not Are we See that I don't think that's the stereotype that people have of black folks Nope only in the 70s. Yeah, only back in the 70s plus Tom jico get upset. He didn't like that show. I thought it was racist Because Tom has no sense of humor in times of schmuck who the baby character name is an anti amiss shameless 1056 at five 60 WQM famous amiss is matter of fact why do I do like those cookies? Oh Yeah, the only the really fun part about the beast when he finally opened up a little toward the end as we started sharing food stories He said he could eat clearance under the table oh Man Did you now you were in there weren't you were you taking a crap this one and what turns came in and we bonded for a few minutes Those parents him and this beast thing is getting really really interesting if you catch my drift They are getting really tight to turn and they're going with it Open if you call I beg if I'm gonna do the spot no because I don't want to get way behind because we already start way behind Kids might it don't don't take a personal Scott don't stick in the sense of he's getting sensitive that bothers me. He should know better Have you called down a mattress at 1-800 mattress yet? What are you waiting for if you want the very best brands at discount prices every day? Without any of the hassles of showroom shopping then I urge you to do what I always do it call 1-800 mattress just one simple call These people have got delivery down to a science you get to pick the date and time to fit your schedule when it's convenient for you Whoever heard of that you get a two hour windows you're not sitting home all day and dial a mattress delivers evenings weekends and holidays Even on the fourth of July So whenever it's folks convenient for you. That's when they're gonna be there. Maybe you're thinking about one of those Swedish troll mattresses that you see in specialty stores well dial a mattress carries tempered pedic as well Plus the big brand names like surda Simmons King coil and cili at discount prices every day So I have in the biggest mattress during the country just a phone call away Miguel recently called 1-800 mattress got him and his wife to be a new mattress from the folks at dial a mattress Nothing could have been easier he said it was a piece of cake There were there right on time said it up took out the crappy smelly soil badly soil little vetting everything They did like a like a charm so it'll wait another minute pick up the phone right now and call 1-800 mattress that's 1-800 mA TT RES for diala mattress the easy this smart way to get you a great night sleep I'm 5-6-0 Oh yeah, whatever let's talk about the day. I'm on today. I want to give me some goose Yeah, we'll wake up that way. I woke up with King darkness morning man Dude, I was pitching a pump to know why Me and you're lady we're doing the pretzel jetzal position last night. You know that one What's your favorite position? I don't have Real sport Hey, oh, them doing with getting a million dollar contracts to play people by escalage with gold spin or wheels I don't they all flip upside down on each other in a giant pile of and follow a cliff and die Oh, oh, oh, oh Well, where does that bulk up Ryan get off compare me to Jack Benny all the time? You know I just don't get it now. I was just came in and talk to me about no, it weren't some of my meat No, no, thank you. You're now looking What could you just calm down? I need we're a sports station after all I'm supposed to be exciting. Yeah, I mean what you're talking about it voters unsolving Did you just return to the sanctity of mow 11.03 at five 60 WQAM. I don't see a dizzy or as a Jackie Mason on the poya view Well they move slow Yeah, especially dizzy There's got to be like some black wrapper who would be a real good choice on here pick one like that somebody I got somebody how about Mike Tyson okay? Very good. Huh? I think that's an excellent choice He's a walking ad for racism Stereotypical cannibal Something like that. I'm good news by the way. We're clear Toronto off the sarseless. Oh The world health organization moved to Toronto from its list of our areas with recent local transmission of sars today finally again This is a great achievement for public health. What we hope is the final phase of the global emergency David Heiman the WHA Second director for communicable diseases said number lease Toronto faced an especially challenging outbreak as we've learned sars to a difficult disease that produces many surprises and setbacks And yati, yati, yati Coast is clear. Okay Yeah, sure. It was up until I got that frog in my throat I said I think it's from talking like that Boko brans has Christopher Lowell. Well, that's a good choice. Let's give the herriner Christopher Lowell also we have to add Andrew dice clay Okay, whatever what's Stereotypical no whatever one I'm not putting him on or what's Stereotype Genies no Forget about him Oh, here you go Carol O'Connor all in a family no You think no I mean while he's a stereotypical Brook right now get but yeah, you know and JJ Walker I don't think you'd be one of them qualify for list all or JJ was a little bit Over the top five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and T and Verizon wireless line How much do you care about the marlins that's our pull question today and would you like some free tickets? Here here's the call in West Palm Beach, yellow Hi me all are you good sir? Good, I'd like to welcome well first of all I ask you question have you ever seen Ferrell and Harvey Pires seen together? No, I haven't as matter of fact. Oh, okay, that's all these suspicious how about Harvey Pires seen for the poll Yeah, that's a good one Not Magnolia What do you mean by that? Magnolia and Character Johnny my god, I love so hard Yeah, how did more to scenes in that than that bar unbelievable? unbelievable Brad Brad the bartender and The guy who's Henry Gibson from Laf and who was just phenomenal and then the poor the whiskey They're whatever it was Yeah, when he falls off the building Yeah, I kind of laughed a lot But like we said before to show a jurors now we're discussing at least when he fell off the building He actually had a legitimate reason for the dental work Have a great day palmy. Thank you. That wasn't that was great There were like about three trips back into that bar scene And it was great I have a lot of love to give I just don't know where to put it back them that immediately count now That's what Clarence has been saying is a lot of love to give he didn't know where to put it until recently And he finally found a receptacle 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Friend Russia. She's just run away from the pack everybody hates the nanny I'm so glad I changed there, you know 1204 votes. I see Desi is on her you know have my Tyson we just barely got on her he's already got a vote Probably from some dark guy who's pissed off and fired up Friend Russia 54 Barbara Streisand 20 yenple Jim jay bolox 16 Eddie Murphy 13 jury sign filled 10 Charles Nelson Marley five Eddie Griffin five Mike Tyson one and nobody else got any getting including Christopher Lowell who just who just popped it up Let me ask you something yes, do you have this on your DCS my Tyson? What is it? There it is just that was it. Yeah, you must have it. My Tyson. No, it's just my Tyson drop. No, I don't have that Are you sure My Tyson I do like it a lot, but I don't I don't got it. Sorry. All right one for the time Thank you so much 5605 60 let's see for the list another comedian Richard Lewis a whiny Jewish complainer oozing with guilt Richard Lewis do I know that is you've seen him you would know him if you saw him he's probably on a hair and I can himself in the four probably throw all lots of balls at him Okay, get him on there Richard Lewis another dick also Queen Latifa And This one's cute This one ties right in what we were talking about before the show It says this uncle Riemann's too long ago. He's as dead as does yarn as Uncle Riemann's wasn't a real person That's the difference as opposed to Lucy Lucy does yarn as Lucy I can't remember him saying anything else, but Lucy You got some explaining to do yeah some explaining that's not own How about Fred merch Not not for today's poll, but just how about Fred merch? I know yeah 567 Vivian Vance in your pants. Ethel merch. That was uh, I don't know See, I don't watch that show anymore now. What would he we do? We've all got the memorized well, why would we need to watch that? But I'm saying even if I I don't know it's It was a rounder and it's day it was great in one and what are two of the episodes like the one where she's got the candy and the conveyor belt And she keeps showing in her post but other than that, it's just you know the great stopping in Italy episode Here's the lady and Morris Tans though, Joise. Hello Hey, Neil, I just soon did and I kind of feel like I'm walking in the middle of the movie But I listen to you on the web every day great your excellent, but you're so I tell you I saw a beautiful mind With Jennifer calmly and I can't look at her anymore to me. She's Mary and silver Yeah, from Brutton Well, just pretend that Marion came back Yeah, there you go, you know, I look at her. I see that's a Which you know only certain people with a appreciate right? And I mean, she's in the house, which I would never see in a million years, but Where's Harriet? Where do I find him? I like I'll be to two I bet she will One day look alike and he can't he can't right? Yeah, they I made that comment that what is one scene there Where they're on the couch in the middle of the movie you bet and they look like the same person only he's got a little bit better here do Sanca's eat almost the whole thing. Yeah, he he's good. I'm not I don't know that I've ever seen him But I'll look for him desperately and I will go to see a pirate movie which I would have never expected here in myself say Just a T Johnny He's coming out this week Johnny Gap he's coming out He's he's not a wait for that maybe 20 years to late. Yeah, well, he's he's gonna be in that a new pirate movie and He'll be worth the price of admission Okay, sweetheart. How do I know holiday? Listen one quick thing because you're asking for relevant Samuel together is a duo. There you go I'll tell T Niel. Thanks. Bye. See you I'm sure when we go for that so before anything in this point they keep screwing her over yanking her off here She's in Vegas by the way, so she's not listening 560 pound 560 on a AT and T and Verizon wireless line ash to ash poor Jennifer Now speaking of a beautiful mind. I got it. I'm glad she mentioned it because I have a watch to yet Well highly touted by a beiner boy. Yep, then me who didn't get the title right, but it was close It's good it's sitting in the other room. I've got about four or five that I haven't well. I'll have a good for over another I have all this time on my hands It's gonna be great starting on starting on Friday's matter fact on the fourth of July holiday and then next week for else Gonna be doing the show not He's really pissed off about that. I guess he I think something it does bug me a little bit that he looks at it is always like my decision and I don't want him doing the show and yaddy We we welcome them with open arms and legs and armpits, but the fact of the matter is it did they make Into the they thought he was the volunteering See Scott, let me just write it up every you is the word volunteer a QA Amber would have easily broadcast people not a good word to you is volunteer Because I have a reckless reckless call from Duff and Clarence. Oh my god. This is our exciting He's wants to help us out yet and then it come to find out that wasn't exactly what they saw to me And it just went back and forth and it we finally had to just make a decision Everybody was digging around too much, okay. I don't we've already been dicked around with enough on the show Scott You're a newcomer on a block and we've got dicked around for a year and a half first with going back to nine to one Which sucked and then following low with sucked even bigger time and March of last year so suck on somebody else's show I still I can see him in here tomorrow morning with Gildi can't you Yeah, I don't want to give it anything away Okay, you'll have to tune in Propaget 11 at five 60 WQM if you're on the Atkins die to end the other Zig in low carb diets at around there You get really frustrated when you go into supermarkets because they don't have much to do can eat almost everything And there is loaded with carbs, but it delights a West Boca just the opposite anything on a shelf is good for you because They've got over 900 low carb sugar free products just loaded with stuff that you're looking for Delights a West Boca is introducing new products every month including right now Try the new low carb instant cup of soup all you do is just add water microwave. It's a low carb meal on the cup Four delicious flavors be sure and check out the almond snack cakes the blondies in six different flavors the at last brand chocolate crisp and chocolate Mint bars with thank goodness No malt at all finally something sweet and delicious with none of that in dozing crat Carboreite ready to drink chocolate vanilla shakes a low carb meal in a can and Judy's low carb peanut Grinble mubble with unbelievably great taste Why sure would like some of that you better look go show up peanut vermilon? Yep, and I have low carb hot cocoa apple cider blondies brownies and delights incredible selection of low carb Pasta's sauces dressings chips chocolate and they're very world famous Carbolite ice cream two come in you can try and before you buy them to all day every day the Atkins brands products are on sale. I'd delight so I spoke over daily 10 to 10 on the northeast now can we give their address Cuz some people in poker get really Testy about that they're on the northeast corner of glazed in 440 run right next to Boston market in poker You can call them toll free in one eight. Let's put it on our website Call on toll free at 1 877 low carb or shop on a regular low carb dot com don't forget that's the lights of wise Boko your official atkins retail center You Powered David's a bitch Let me tell you that one thing I know What I like about sport home any yo I want to talk about it. Thought about it. That my life all amounts for Watching men play games a few and go raise That being bored and easy getting late. I want to talk about it Thought about it. That my life all amounts for a nice amount for a I'm afraid of him and they got breath and got a lot of foodies on their bread I'd rather watch men play with their balls and join them in the shower My I Am afraid of him anyway There's a really show what you say But I can watch ESPN on my lawn Wackin all my tiny shounds Oh With so sweet I have a baby for acid I want to talk about it. Thought about it. Thought about my life all about Rats my life all about rap my life all about Boy That's a new day 11 i teen at five sixty wm now i'm gonna play Dennis Lerie Okay, because there's another package down there and I might be another disc I and some gonna run right downstairs and then this is four and a half minutes I think I can probably make it back before it's over but just in case yeah I'll go take a crapahahaha! You're Leslie B metro water holden a sack CB will be back and then again maybe not no haven't we got nyepdesk is hooks I'd like to see a son of a very Cambridge About me about you About the way our american heart speed weigh down And I bought him a fight chest In about that special feeling we are getting out of tacos bar all the past, maybe in the subcomplet, maybe in the liver, maybe in the kidneys, maybe eating in the colon, we don't know. I'm just doing regular joke with a regular job. I'm your average white, suburban ice-loat. I like football and poor knowing what's about war. I got an average house where the nice yard wouldn't floor. My wife and my job, my kids and my car, off feed on my table. And a cute little cigar. But sometimes anxious, peanut nut, to keep a man like me. Just a unknown knowing, I don't know I've gotta go out and have fun. But someone else's experience, well, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I drive really slow, and in the ultra fast lane, well, people can be behind me. We're going insane, I'm gonna fool you, you're gonna fool you. I wanna fool you, fool you, fool you. I use public toilet, and I piss on the seat. I walk around in the summer times saying I'm about to steal. I'm an extra-loat, you're gonna fool you, you're gonna fool you. I wanna fool you, fool you, fool you. Sometimes I'm in the handicapped spaces, well, handicapped people. They can be kept in the tasting, I'm an extra-loat, you're gonna fool you, you're gonna fool you. I'm an extra-loat, you're gonna fool you. Baby I shouldn't be singing this song, Ranting and raving and caring, oh, Baby they're right for them, tell me I'm wrong. Now I wanna show you, you, you, you, you, you. Come on, let's go home, we're going home, we're going home, we're going home, we're going home, we're going home, we're going home. You know what I'm gonna do? I wanna get myself when I think 67-handle, I can't get the right one, I'm burnable. I think with a whale's in a hop-a-champ, and all other cow and cheerier and think round baby, see a lies bread and my dad, I'm gonna climb round that baby, that 150 miles per hour, getting one mile per gallon, that's like a now-quarter-five-to-chance-first McDonald's, and the old-fashioned, non-biodegradable-sireful containers. And when I'm done sucking down those three-spel burgers, I'm gonna wipe my mop with the American flag, and then I'm gonna show up the star of a container, right off the side, and they're gonna get damn-sing anybody can do it, by you know why? Because we got the bomb, that's why. Two words, nuclear, fucking weapons. So, okay, Russia, Germany, Romania, thinking of all the democracy they want, thinking of a victim, actually, and keep walking through the middle, it's even square, I can't wait, I'm gonna lick a difference, because we ain't got the bomb. So dad, the John Wayne's not dead, he's frozen, and it's really, really fine to cure my cancer, we're gonna fire on the poop, and he's gonna be pretty pissed off. You know why? I'm gonna take it a cold shower, but we won't apply that by 15 million times, that's how pissed off the poop's gonna be, I'm gonna do it, the John has a bedding, and the Marmalade is in Tecco, and a case of rain, and drive down a jet sink. You don't really want that cold, as you just shut up the signal so I'm about to come up with that. Yeah, it's gonna be only you, so you don't need to come up with that cold, and you don't need to come up with that cold, okay, that's, that's, that's old, and we need our own help, that's our own help, man. So I wonder if we're gonna make it back on time or not? Yeah. Yeah. I can't wait to see what's going on. I can't wait to see what's going on. So I wonder if we're gonna make it back on time or not? Yeah. Lots of time to spare. I came back at which 144 were left on Dennis Lury. How do you like that? Very good. I got all my time to spare. What is it? Huh? What? Five, six, seven, old, five. We're gonna have phone all of a sudden. What the hell happened? We were smoking. Right now. On Instagram, we're not a Marlon ticket. It's damn it. Anybody want some? No. Come on. We want you to go there and have a big party in your pants to the Marlon game. What do you say? Got done for 12 pitch and night. Marlon's 120 to one last night. It's their step-sisters. The engraves who order four foot all those games against the Marlon's every season. Come on, Neil. Help for a while. What do you say? No. Here's my any, hello. Neil. Yes sir. I had a couple for your list there. Yeah. Early one. Well, up to Stereo D'Ivo, how about red fox? No. No. Better burn heart, D'Ivo lesbian? No. I guess I don't have a Joe Pachy. No. Well, okay. I'm struck out. Nice try. I'm fine Neil. How about a stereotypical Guido, who would that with that be? Whoa. We had a little patient. Huh? Well, give me a good one. A stereotypical Guido. Oh, I know who I know who would be a good one. Danny I. L. Okay. That's all. He was in, he was in once a pot of time in America. Were you worth that or he'd know I got. I forgot. Oh, my God. Man, he couldn't act. Then he can't act. Now he, he knows somebody. I still say he's got somebody's pictures. And he was the, the Corp Cop in the once a pot of time in America. Now that you mentioned it. Or maybe it wasn't once a pot of time in America. What the hell movie was that? See, I watched so many movies last couple of months that they're all like blended together again. Was it? I saw once a time, once a time upon in America like 1920 years ago. Or was it Bob Roberts that he was, I don't know. Now during the break, I'm going to have to look that up. Put him on here. I can't stand him. Can't not stand him. Real. And, and who's the other one that, that is all those, is it a guy from, uh, sopranos? Who James Kendall Feeney? He's, he's one. Nah, he's, yeah. But he's not as we'd wish. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's better fact. That's, that's an affected, we'd always, them for the sopranos. Yeah. You've been in other things. Let's see, here's the, let's see. And observance of, uh, oh, I love. I, I feel so much better now. I've got the great, read signature with the squiggle on the bottom. But a whole bunch of extra furnishes. And observance of independence day will close the office at 3 30 p.m. on Thursday, July 3rd. Please make certain that all your responsibilities are fulfilled before you leave. Our offices will be closed for, in July 4th. Have a safe and happy holiday and I hate George Sign Greg. Oh, look at this. This is kind of cute. Moe Howard David is the stereotypical cranky old you from New York living in South Florida. Shame on you. We're not put Moe on here. Oh, no. That's the new night on to it. Is that all? Huh? Danny A.elo was from what's upon a time in America. Told you. And well, the reason I'm questioning that is because he looked exactly the same netty does now in a movie was made 19 years ago. And Richard Simmons, how could we have left Richie Simmons off of the right? We forget as the biggest screaming queen to Everloo has been ideally to any meals lately. I guess they haven't met a freaky carmel so front. Also with his here, I'm celebrating my independence while I still have it by giving the heck out of this country going to Toronto for the weekend. It should be great. All right. Oh, right. There were SARS-free. SARS-free here in the Fags City as for alcohols. He gave his left not to be. Here's the two lights got you already admitted that. He loves this town. Love's hockey. He's just putting on the act. He's playing. He's there. So he's making a best of it. Twenty seven passed 11 at five, 60. The rumor is he's going to be on instead of a guilty tomorrow morning. I have to tune in. You know, when your hair is bad and it's falling out and clumps, you start developing that big shiny spot in the middle of your head. And there are a lot of things you can do about it. You can walk around with a dead animal who just kind of gets a nest on top of your head. Or you can look really great with the Charles Alfie or a natural hairline system. The best in the universe at any price. And right now Charlie's offering his summer special hair system only 549 bucks for first time customers. And the reason it's so great is because it looks like the real thing. It looks like it's going out of your scalp instead of like a barnyard animal hopped up on your head and died. If you already have a hair system, you can save yourself 50% on service and repair on all kinds of hair items including shampoo and trim as well. It's a perfect opportunity to give Charlie a try, nothing like Charlie's trim. And if you travel in her hair system for 30 days and don't let the way looks and feels and smells after a month, return and get your money back. Charles Alfie or he's the benchmark of the industry, so don't delay call Charlie today and look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could look again. Call tool free 1-800-321-2413. Absolutely. That's 1-800-321-2413 or check out their website. Charlesoffieore.com. I am local, here's Sports Radio 560-USUA. And over here, hi! This is Richie Simmons. And since you haven't been sending money for anything lately, I've developed a big load of new diet merchandise. Like my sweating to the oldies video, then you'll have my new sweating to the oldies the older ones. When I work on honey, I put out a sense that the strip top bark off our redwood. So don't offend while you're banned, get my deodorant stick. And you're like my deal of meal, then you'll have my new Richie Simmons die a poker game. You'll play deal with your friends and win all their food. And I've got a new line of work out on your pants. How can we guarantee you lose weight? Because after listening to Richie Simmons for 10 minutes, you won't be able to keep anything down. I'll keep anything down. I love 32. She's a real trip. A real end by the way, worse in person than on TV. Much worse. You know who I love? One million pounds for no-one. No-one. Can you believe that happened again at the least pro-picious possible time? I was thinking more like, Do you know who I am? I'm more green. I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders. I just love more green. And all the characters in the godfather is one of my not-dee favorite, but one of my very favorites. And that's a good pull some day, George. Right? Your favorite godfather character? Favorite godfather character? From all three movies, that? Huh? I like sunny. Sunny was a pip. Santino? Right. Nobody beats you up like sunny. He gets a shoe. Can you put a plane to lobby in the sky? Can you put a carbage can lid working in there? Yeah. That'd be my vote too. And he sure made a nice piece of Italian Swiss cheese, didn't he? Yeah, well. I'll throw it in the car. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Friend, Russia so far winning the walking-ath-ranthy-semitism vote. Which of these people most represents an ugly, sexual, racial, or ethnic stereotype? Friend, Russia, the nanny, sixty four out of turn and thirteen votes. She's way out ahead. Barbara Streisand 33. My Tyson 13. He was a late edition. Thanks to me. Jim J. Bullock, 20, Eddie Murphy, 15, Jerry Signfield, 14. Charles Nelson, Riley, 12. Jackie Mason, 10. Christopher Lowell, seven. Eddie Griffin, six, and Desi Arniz. Lucy has got a pair. I can't think of any other, uh, Spicks to put on her. Can you? Rosie Perez. You want to put her on her? J. Low. No, she does. She's not, uh, the- I'm talking to you. Can you talk to her? You have you heard her in an interview? No, no thanks. Baby talk, Reekin. No. Yeah, but not as bad. There goes your Reekin stuff. Again, Rosie Perez get her ass on there. Okay, we gotta have some Mahulios on her and Juliets. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Pound fire. I'll tell you one. How about Freddy Prince, uh, senior? All right. Huh? Everybody be like that. He's been able to do good. He was pretty damn stereotypical. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Pound five, sixty on a AT&T and Verizon line. Here's a lady in for Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. This is Kathy. Hi, Kathy. Um, I'm fine. Um, daily listener of college. You before, um, two things my husband's home today. Um, and I want to say. Yeah, if you would play that recording when Joe Rose tells, Low Howard David. Absolutely. I'd love to play that. Yeah, he's my husband got me hooked on you five years of toe and I listen daily. Um, you've been discussing killries book and, um, I read every book that you've recommended from blinded by the right stupid right then, hiding in the president. Um, and I read to conclusion that, you know, every, it's people are stupid as you say every day. Yes, they are. They, you try to make points with them. They don't want to hear it. And, you have a night I happen to turn on television and, and color was on meet the press. And culture? Culture, yeah, I can never remember. That's probably a bit you. Oh, I hate, you know, one of your collars was talking about an after yesterday. He said, um, he orc him. And I don't think there's anyone that orcs me is more. He is written this book on treason trying to go and mail the Democrats and, um, Chris Matthews. So I don't agree with you and he quoted, um, to Republicans, it, uh, you know, didn't believe in going to war with Iraq. And he said, well, how do you feel about that? She says, well, that's okay. I respect them. And he said, well, what do you say? And this is like a double standard. And he ended up saying, you know, I don't agree with your book. And that was it. I mean, she is a nasty woman. Yes. And she was on Bill Marck a couple of months ago and called, uh, ex-president Clinton and Jimmy Carter Jackasses. Mm-hmm. But yet, you know, can't say a thing, uh, the Democrats, we can't speak out. But daily listener and, um, you're the one that's, um, you know, the voice here because these people, they have no clue. Hey, man, have a great day's with me. Happy fourth. Same to you. Bye bye. Now do we have that Jill Rose thing? I want to give you an update of what took place just now off the air. Because I think it's important to hear this. Howard just called the radio station Howard David, who I get along with great. I thought he called me an asshole. Saying I was trying to stir it up. My point back to Howard is don't listen. Listen to 101.5. Let me see what age group 101.5 for Howard. Maybe 102.7. Some easily listening, love music. So you could focus on your wife and your family and the grandkids. Instead of listening and always calling the radio station. He's become empowered. The caller, like Howard from Boca. Howard from Boca. It's like, you know, it's okay. So anyway, he's, he's, he's listened. So just want to get the message out and don't call my show too. Just for a record. Don't call off the air because I don't want to talk to you. And I don't want to hear you on the private line. Congratulations. You know the private line number. That's great. But don't call because you're not coming on this show. I'm you got your three hours five to eight. Monday through Friday. You can talk all you want, but you're not coming on this show. I'm listening. Leave it at that. All right. Let's not get against you. You seem like a decent person. And I know you've been getting that taking a big hit on the radio station from everybody else. But it's over. You don't. Absolutely. Now what was that? I'm listening. What is that? Something that was dropped off to us this morning. That's lovely. Yeah, I bet he is listening right now. Hey, Mo, have a crappy holiday. Okay. Have a horrible vacation. I hope you're a must-great runs away. You know, I just had a great idea, George. Yeah. Because I had to play that off the disc. You know that brought back with me. Yeah. That's got a lot of interesting stuff like hours from Boca like that on it. Since I'm going to have all this extra time on my hands now, if you what you need to do now that I'm an expert on the 360. Absolutely. I could certainly put this stuff in the DCS. I did that before ages ago when we first moved over to Knew. Even then I forgot how to do it. I'll walk you through. Can you imagine the wealth of mature like I could put in there during these next couple of months? I mean, that would be way more difficult than just swapping the hard drives. That's what you could get this updated. No, we don't want to do that. That takes too long and involves engineers and the whole thing on any do that. That's a point I'm trying to make. Plus at that point, I put in here stuff in my own VCS here that I want. See what I mean. I don't know. I'll walk you right through it. Absolutely. In fact, what you can do is you can like write it out and fast me a sheet. We have to interface because I don't know which configuration they gave you up there. And there's two different ways to do it depending on which one they did. I see. So like tomorrow morning, don't forget about that. We'll not. The team here's a here's a facts from our most chronic of all facts. Who says have a great day having facts in weeks right. How about a stereotypical self-hating queen misgrudge? Now that's that's accurate. But again, that's not the kind of stereotype we're looking for. Don't forget now. Speed or boy. Don't let him forget. Righty. It's not as you said. Very, very important Neil on the DCS. Get Neil working up to a frenzy. I'll be just having all that leisure time. Yeah, you don't want to. I almost feel bad about that thing with for well and this, but you know, it's not his show. Say I almost feel bad about it. But this morning, he finally like leaked it out. I told you it last couple days. I've warned you that I had a feeling he was getting a little nervous about that. He was upset that we weren't inviting him to do a summer fill in here. But we did invite him and then they got it all screwed up. Because he actually wanted to get paid. I can imagine. Right. Well, they're not in the cards and I can do that. I'm going to pay you and pay him and pay me and all of this other stuff. It's just not their deal. But the point I'm trying to make is keep in mind that for L.K. men he did a few fillings. Okay, for like about a week or two. Then, but I'm being before you know it. All of a sudden he's got his own show and he's jamming low back in their in the middle of night. Thank God. Absolutely right. But just kind of like stick with me. Don't try to branch out too fast. There'll be my advice. Farbeid for me to tell you what to do. But don't try to like spread your testicles out too far. Like a giant guy dim thing. You know what I'm talking about? No, what do you talking about? Not an octopus. Oh. Just keep your testicles and tentacles in there from like about 7.56 to 10.04. And for the time being everything will be fine. 12.04. 155, like I said, as long as I get paid he can have all your time he wants. 19 till noon at 5.60 W to QM if you're in a really crappy dead end job. Maybe colleges to a expensive you have four years to sit around waiting to get educated for a job. If you can afford 10 bucks a month and commit yourself to three nights a week for four months, our good friends at fast train can help you achieve you have a computer career. And I say our good friends because they are in spite of time records of miracle. That's right only 10 bucks a month and three nights a week for only four months for individuals who qualify and you can say goodbye to that dead end job and get yourself a real career and a big fat paycheck. Call fast train 860. In South Florida there's a lot of you on your buy you there in Miami, Kindle, Pemberpinds and Fort Lauderdale too. Call 866 fast train you'll talk to a train career counselor. They offer you a day evening and weekend schedules job placement hands on training. Call our good pizons at fast train 866 fast train. They're deferred payment is valid for a year regular payment supply thereafter. Whether you're a high school student on summer break just sitting around the Didlin' your thing. Somebody and underpaid dead end job or just looking when Chris your net worth and you want a real career and a real life. This is one way to do it. Call fast train 2 day at 866 fast train or check him out on that wicked worldwide web at fast train. Call my life and look all this is Fort Real 560. We're in 2am. Look at and stick it. Finally there's a TV channel for rent next. Well besides TNM it's the WT wide crash television tonight and 8 joins you. Foxworthy as he pits two teams of good ol boys against one another and see it. You can keep their hand on the box of the box at on Burger Vector. And tonight at 9, Jeff Foxworthy will get two teams of shady free mechanics again one another to see who's first to put together a running vehicle from parts on the tour of cars and Jeff's fuck yard. All while ranking lots of air on good yard wars. And 10 if you love him, fight robots and we know you do be here when your host Jeff Foxworthy bits two teams of in-brand recharge using cattle pros to make line folded cow running to one another on the premiere episode of cattle bots. All that plus classic reruns of Jeff Foxworthy show tonight on the WT wide trash television. All are those Canada wins of 2010 winner Olympics. I'd like that Vancouver and Whistler BC that major bulletin just in how do you like it. Take a win with BC. Deliciously different. Marrow one of deliciously different. Marrow one. Remember that? Yep. Whatever his name was he had his four seconds of fame. Five six seven. That's why you'd like it up there in Vancouver when I retire George is moving to Vancouver. Right. I'm going to have a shrimp farm. Vena boys going back to Cuba to straighten those bastards out. I don't see Rosie Perez on here. I could be wronged. Well, she's awfully short. Look lower. I mean, she's hiding under this year and is. And I was funny. I was curious whether that Jeff Foxworthy bit was because you wanted to put Jeff Foxworthy on there. No. Okay. Uh, no. You think? No. Rose, that would be a better example. Yeah. Just stick to the restricted deal with Eric. Okay. Five six seven off. See all of a sudden today's talking again yesterday was like mum. He was terrified because the beast was in there. I don't know what he was doing to him. Try trying on his leg probably five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Here's a call from Hollywood. Hello. Hey, I'm pretty proud. Got one for you for the list. How about rip tailor? Oh, yeah. That's a good one. Yeah. I mean, I was just way too much. I mean, you know, besides I just completely annoying with the confetti. They always had people like that on the gong show. He was one of them. Yeah. I think I got to move before you. I don't know. You probably seen it. But cinema parody. So you ever see it? Yes, I did twice. It's an excellent movie. Okay. All right. Great job. Thanks, pal. Have a great great. Alright. Rip tailor. That's a good screamer. I mean, good one for the list. Already got tomorrow's poll here. Thanks to me. I'm not going to let you do it. Why should I come up with a good idea like that? And then let you off the hook. Right? For all time say. Can't do it, Georgie. Who's your favorite character from the three godfather movies? I'm not going to want to hear about that today. Okay. Because I know the list. What? Well, no, if I just mentioned that to be called the, Oh, well, what about Clemens? Oh, well, I will work on that tomorrow. Breakie potentially. Yeah, from a tangy, frankly, Frankie. How many godfather characters can you name? F**k, dude, man. Most of them. Probably not all of them. A balonia, a breetio. 5 6 7 0 5 6. How about, yeah, a balonia. That's one of George has in mind. A balonia. I don't know about it. Oh, that was F**k it too. Friend, Russia's got 70 votes. And Mike Tyson is closing in on her ass. She better watch it. Ha ha ha ha. Woo, break them. Pick up the pace a little bit. Friend before that past two catches. Yeah. See, I know this is ridiculous. I know that it's just so un-American to say this. But the fact that there are morons who will still pay to watch that asshole. I don't want to say fight because he doesn't really fight anybody. But to watch him perform, I mean, it's just, it's mind-boggling. My Tyson. Although I also, you know, the character the Tom Cruise played in Magnolia. Yeah. A lot of those people listen to the sports shows on QAM. A lot of his, no, you know what I'm talking about? Yeah. A lot of his disciples. Wasn't that character based on Tom Likeus? Yeah. I think it was. Now that you come right down to it. Yeah. Time to go like this. Oh, seriously, a lot of those. Here you go. So the Canadian, uh, uh, uh, 2000 in 10 Olympics. So who's going to be alive then? Oh, friend. Wrestling 70 my Tyson 56 them who, uh, which of these people must represents an ugly sexual racial or ethics stereotype, we're asking. They Barbara Streisand 36. He passed her like she was sitting on a, in the courtyard. Jim J. Bullock 23, Jerry Signfield 15, Eddie Murphy 15, Jackie Mason 14, Jackie Mason and more Howard David at the same person. Charles Nelson and Riley 13. the difference being Jackie Mason's got a sense of humor. Charles Nelson, Marley 13, Christopher Lawl 12, she's moving up there, Eddie Griffin 7 and Desi Rene as Lucy's only got three. Now do you think that's a time thing? Definitely. Yeah. We just don't have them any old farts like me in Boca-Bron. And again, remember it says ugly stereotype. Were you stopped? That's not, I don't know, no Cubans like that. Okay, Chris, I don't know that any Cubans. And that day, they were all like that. Every slide, I'm not even that day. In the 1950s, they all looked like that dress like that sounded like that. Yeah, how about Caesar Romero? There you go. Andyerson is a pinstrived suit. Don't put those on, Erwin, we'll see one thing I've learned in the past is if we just have these conversations and mention something, all of a sudden it pops up on a pole. Well, a multitasking. So, you know, one year's got to go one way or the other is the multitasking. He goes both ways. He's multitasking. Well, excuse me, okay, just go back to your other task. Here's Hollywood, hello. Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Pretty good? Good. How about on the Latino land, QC Rodriguez or Lea Trevino? Now, I'm not too big in the golf. How about Gary Playar on the South African end? Hey, we could do that. Okay, I'm not saying, get out of here. No, no, no, no, goal for his wife. Hey, why? Nothing. The first of all, this audience don't have any idea who cheats you Rodriguez is. They don't even know cheats you Rodriguez from George Rodriguez. Right. And Lea Trevino, talk about ancient. How about Roberto Clametti? I don't want to get the for all I've said, love Roberto. Number 21. See, that's one thing for all I got in come a big pirate's fans back in those days. Back when with and now all of a sudden he's on a Marlon bandwagon. I, I'll confess you like I said the other day. I have no interest in baseball. I have no team that I like or dislike. I wish him all the luck in the world with his endeavors, but they'll need it. That's all I can say to him. It is boring. It is ponderous. We thought we were good George involved out there a little bit. Couldn't even keep him. Can he get a big sports guy like George out there to ball here? Now, you see, Harry Carrey made his fun. Even you were like, it was fun. I'm not saying you were interested in the country. I was, but it was just you were wrapped up a little bit and that whole thing back at IOD would have really feel the sugar. I go trip and all those things all the way. You were like, what's up? I'm under Harry. He got flum on our heads. It was a honor. Me and Mitch Ween were doing the Ferris Bueller thing, the swing badass, the wing. All that. It was fun. It was a lot of them. They shipped me off so fast that they had been. They had not put the pants that are that it. What the hell was the baseball season? We get on here, right? That's how you're right now. Harry Carrey died when he took that nasty fall and he croaked it. That was the end. He was the last gasp that we had with any fun with baseball. He was the last one who could get us whipped up and interested in it. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Rick and fire. Oh, Rick tire. I got you halfway through a Rick tire. You know, I never realized this is an old fart. This is a crudge, a crusty old fart. That's the sparks you're going to do in a voice. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. Glad to be able to entertain you during these long holidays, surgery, and these boring, long, ponderous, soltery days. Here's a call from Davy. Hello. Daniel, how you doing? Pretty good. Buddy, mine went to Kim Boaker University, Josh, to go get a van. He walked out with a stuffed animal of a bowl with two balls attached to it. First little son. Isn't that lovely? Okay. Everyone gets one of those. Why did he think he was special? I don't know. Everybody George got one when he got his vehicle. Damn straight. You get a stuffed bowl and two extra balls, which can always come in handy. Sure. And he goes click and that's the end of that call. What a good way that was. Yeah. That was pretty exciting. 56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. No request from Arlington today. No. Damn it. We got Don Trail pitch in night. Don't they have like a special fireworks show tonight, too? A fourth of July thing? I heard something about that. I don't know if it's tonight. I don't know if that's for real or not. See, probably is because I think they're going on a road for a couple of weeks. Yeah, they're at the filly's right. They're going to be gone for two weeks. So this is the last time I gave him for a while. So I bet you they do that thing tonight. So that'll goose up the attendance. See, it's no big trick. I hate to write the news to Scott or anybody else. When you're giving away Bobblehead dolls or you're giving away helmets, team helmets or you're giving away any paraphernalia, it always goose up the attendance by a few thousand. Not gigantic, but a few thousand, especially in South Florida, anywhere, but especially in that time because it's a free loader town. Everybody knows that. If it's free, it's me. Are we pretty dead before on the show? That's me. If it's free, it's me. That's the motto of South Florida. So just show me your average ordinary run to the military on a week died or even on a weekend where there's no big giveaway. Then I'll decide if there's any interest. And don't give me any cap and routine, any famous for this. Oh, we don't want to discuss that about the attendance. That's old news. And I am not interested. You're not interested because it's embarrassing because it goes to show you that the stuff that you guys waste so much time on, there is very minimal to non-existent interest in. You can't eliminate that. Especially the time when they're constantly talking about well, Mayor Pinkham, Picania, and there's another backdoor meeting about a new stadium downtown. They're never going to let up on that. They're going to keep trying to press some way to squeeze that through. No way Jose. OK. No way. Well, you got kids in the county. You don't have school textbooks to take home from public school. They're going to build a new stadium for these allusers. OK? No chance. When I say losers and talk about the ownership. See, there we go again. They'll be in negative peanut, our parade. Come on. Let's have it orangey out there. What do you say? Come on. 1157 at 560 WQM Barbecue's Glorquerys, the biggest range of Weber Grills and accessory starting with a Weber Smokey Geoportable Charcoal Grill for under 28 bucks. The perfect grill for any July 4th picnic or all year long. And nobody can beat Barbecue's Glorys amazing, unbeatable selection of top quality grills. They carry a full-on grill, including Weber Viking, Jen air, Braalmate, and lots of exclusive grills like the Turbo Barbecue Chef Cook on a Captain Cook all of the guaranteed laws, prices and the universe. But now take advantage of no payment, same as cash financing till January 2004 on a proof credit. This week you can take home the amazing three burner cook on grill. It's a Barbecue's Glorque exclusive. This one comes with a host of great features normally. It only fine on much, much, much, much, much more expensive grills. Like 42,000 powerful BTUs. Porsland coated cast iron burners and cooking grills and a generous, a big fat 625 square inch cooking area. A guarantee you won't find another grill like this one for this kind of price. Now only 349 bucks and you'll only find an at Barbecue's Glorque perfecto for natural life worth cookout. Don't forget, this is a one-striven love because everything you're looking for in a Barbecue area is in a joint. It's America's best Barbecue store with doors and plantation, a university-draven fountain shopping center called 9504, 423400. And cross-brings on a corner of Sample and Rock Island Road's column there at 9504, 775, 7668, everything under the sun for you at Barbecue's Glorque. And look all this is 4256. The state Goldstein, but you can call me Talty. Whenever I'm in town, I listen to way toman and I am in town. It's the 12th of one hour. This man they ride, it's the end by. Oh, all of the beading's are taking their toll. There's one thing to do since he lost control for him away. Oh, figure that it won't be long before my attention's the time that bars for you on stage. Prof. Tussle, I believe they've very timely too. Thank you so much. She was worth my zip-and-down stairs and getting that, wasn't it? Okay. You don't think? Well, you know what I don't remember you actually say what it was. It was this week's HCN thing. It was number 28. As a matter of fact, now that I mentioned that we ever get 27, we're missing, I'm missing 28 through 32. I got 33. What do you mean 28 through 32? I'm telling you, 28. Well, I'm holding 33. HCN. HCN. Oh, oh, too. Thanks, Miguel. He was heartily looking for Mickey and Eisner this morning. What's up with that Mickey and Eisner crap already? I want that one. It's important. You know how much for a bed you can't find on this penis. Okay. It's in his ear somewhere. He's looking for his Mickey's penis. I think in the one o'clock hour should be a search. Well, anyway, do we have 27? I got 27 here. You do? Yeah. What's on it? Uh, Yank my doodle dandy. Yank my doodle dandy. I don't got no doodle dandy. Hillary Clinton on Larry King. Summer school, George W. Bush in 2002, Furious, Monkey Pocks by Coldplay. I'll be glad you're not even invited. He might be on keep it there because I'm not going to be on it much anyway. So keep it there. Got it. But I got 20. You got 20? No. Ah. Told ya. Mickey's penis. Here's Jane and for a lot of deal. One of our most chronic factors is says you should put an end. Culture on a zinesh example of the Wasp stereotype. What? And what about OG Simpson? What? No. Thanks anyway, Jane. I don't think so. I mean, OG if we want to put murdering dark guys, ex-jox. But he's certainly not as obnoxious and illiterate. Even though he didn't kill a couple of people. We know you don't know, Jay. He's no Mike Tyson, right? And this is why he just he's not a black stereotype. I mean, he's a little thick in the tongue, at best. But he isn't what we're looking for. He's not a stereotype. He's a big butt. Right. Thank God for that. 560 pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. It's a Wednesday. Means we got our gigantic one to two hour coming up. The comedy bits are mad dogs at the shoelas and he wedged today and tomorrow from two to four. The Humper 4 to 630 in the studio. Today he's not working tomorrow. He's no fool. He's got any K under tomorrow. And then you got your Marlon's on deck tonight. 630 were here in 30,000 people in the game tonight. Fireworks. You got Don Trial Willis team 120 to one last night. Let's pack that place. What do you say? Come on. Just to make for our field, but he'll take credit for it. And that's OK. Brave Zettemarlon 705 tonight and any K follows the game. Joe and Mark overnight. George in the Vinaburg are going to be there tonight. Hallelujah. Right? Let me in the pool. Be somewhere. Each fill in up a section is going to be great. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Good afternoon. How you doing? Good afternoon, Tuser. All right. I got a Cuban that really fought my ass. What about our beloved Gloria at the fond? Oh, yeah. Like her. For those with baby. Good choice. Thanks a lot, Pal. Have a great holiday. Gloria is Stefan. I like her very much for the list. Don't you? Lucy. Lucy. I can hear her saying Lucy. Yeah. Yeah. She's a Lucy. Lucy. That Gloria's Stefan. Can't stand that bitch. I'm going to show outside of South Florida. There's probably somewhere else in the world where they like her. You know, probably like some little village in Spain where they never heard of that bitch before. Not seriously, but the other net out of South Florida. She is small potatoes, man. Gloria's Stefan. Can't stop thinking that day that she and any Garcia were carrying on like a bunch of professional sticks in front of alienitos stephouse. Isn't that what you call the stephouse? Which of these people most represents an ugly when I'm talking about physically ugly. That's a syrally although many do fit net category nicely and ugly sex close and end friend. Back them. Keep those cheeks tight. My Tyson 75 is only four in her behind. Barbara Starry's name's got 40. Jim J. Bullock 25 Jerry Seinfeld 16 Christopher Lawal 16 Jackie Mason 16 Eddie Murphy 15 Charles Nelson Marlory 13. Although nobody don't like Charles Nelson Marlory doing. What's not like he's all ready or Paul and they're both hysterical. Both a hoot. A hoot in the hall or Eddie Griffin 7 does yarn as five queen Latifa for Rosie Perez 3. She's only been on her about 10 seconds. Freddie Prince senior. I see I didn't say to put him on there. Did I? I could have sworn you did. No, I did not say put him on there. We were like debating if we were saying, yeah, Freddie Prince, which you don't need a senior. His name wasn't senior, okay? As to differentiate between Freddie Prince Junior. It's senior. Is it senior? I think it's dead senior. Senior Murdoch. Anyway, get him off of there. Danny I. L. I don't have any Richard Lewis and Ripley. We got to come up with some grease ball. Better than Danny I. L. With some Guido. Robert De Nira. No, he's not a Guido. He's a real Italian. Oh man. What? See you don't know the difference. He's not a Guido. Peshie. Nah. Somebody said that before Joe Peshie. I mean, how many other people do you know like Joe Peshie? Yeah, you ever met anybody else like Joe Peshie? Other than Volca Brian? No. No. Same person by the way. Same chicken neck. 560, 560, pound 560 on the other side. Oh, I got it. I got the cons. Okay. So that's just a load. Slice the load. Absolutely. Right. That's a good one. He fits several stereotypes. Especially the dumb part. Dumb greaser. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the eighth. Can't you be a little more positive nail? No. No. Because you don't want to be positive. They like ripping people in ass. Every time we do a poll that's positive like who do you enjoy? Who's the best this or who do you enjoy? Hey, no. It's okay. But if we do an negative, they just love it. They want to pile on. They want to squeeze their way in. Grab a little piece. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. You know, I got a nice little small house in<|ko|><|ko|><|ko|><|ko|><|ko|> Yeah, but. No, it's really nice. And it's right next to the casino. Yeah, okay. Good luck to you, Mon. Good out here. Take your act somewhere else. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the eighth. And T and Verizon wireless line. Here's plantation is probably going to say no, mo. Hello. Yes sir. Yes. Have a couple. Okay. One is the insurance for a few to go away. Rodney King. Yeah. Another was the a top of. He just passed away. I can't remember the name, but. The kissing cousin of less dramatic. Oh, uh, Strom Thurmond. Yes. Either he or less dramatic. Okay. And another possibility would be Richard Drysley. No. Always annoying. Not, but not too much enough. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. I quit my new head. Okay. Rodney King. Strom Thurmond. There's a definitive redneck. Okay. That's good. And how about since we're doing King's. How about the donkey. All right. Now I see that most guys of his ilk got his. There's nice of a do. What about donkey? Huh? Okay. 560, 05, well, of course, what they'll do? You know about donkey. How you don't know? It's just how do you're league. You know who you. You know who he is. Only because of the hairdo and the boxing thing and all that. Brand pressure 80. My Tyson 70. So we got a battle on there. Baby, I like it. Matter of fact. I can guarantee you. I watch more boxing than you do. Yeah. If you watch if you watch two minutes is more than I do. Say. Well, see. It's a guy thing. You know, thank God we got a real guy show on here now. All right. Can you? Yeah. Talking about big boo business stuff. I'm starting to think that he might be a little on the homophobic side. You know. I could be wrong. I thought that last week when he made some. Fag. I'll stand the next to Carlos and see how far. I'll fight him. About last night. Was this. Yeah. How do you like me now? Who's kidding who? Yeah. Take a good look. Yeah. And last night. And this includes Neil Rogers. He kneel up there in Fag City. Yeah. Listen to me. How do you like me now? About the same. I filled two sections. A rock hole. Whoo. Are you impressed? What? I filled the toilet this morning. I filled the bowl after those seven climb-like bars that they like. You wouldn't believe. I don't want to go into it because then you start talking about trainspotting again. 28 days later. Yes, you're no. Well, we sure got. I'm telling you. That's a movie. It's only been out a couple of weeks. And it's we've gotten reviews from the one guy I said he walked out of was so bad. Right. And then we had some people say was one of the best movies they ever saw. The guy that called about walking out though. He was old. Get out of here. He wasn't. He was a hard guy. He was a rock. He was a rock. He had another. We had some other guy who was under the age of 100 who called said it. It sucked. The previous that I saw I was completely excited to see it. I could have. I'm sure you were. You were excited to watch the guy fish around for his OPM supposed to be. So then it's right up your alley. So to speak. Oh man. I still can't get over the fact that you like that movie. There must be something that follows that scene. Right. That's really exceptional. A more disgusting one. Yeah. But that's over. Thanks. But then it's done. Thanks. I'm going to watch a beautiful mind. Okay. No poop. A beautiful mind. Oh. Thank God for that. I think that trainspot. You should have been called a beautiful behind. God for mine. Oh. I mean he wasn't just fishing around. Oh, it's right in the middle of lunch hour. You know. You turned before the best. I don't want to see it. I don't want to know about it. It's past noon at five 60 year Schmidt East station for the. moist and medium. So he dives in there. And what and what's for was talking about about how this show is filled you the stuff he's ever done was he talking about. We're having an identity crisis here with scott. He's like he wants to like just.Read over a little bit here. I know we're undering a pretty good time here. But you know, just relax you'll be on six to 10 pretty soon. Just calm down. And I've got low to the late time. Like I said, Mosin or solid. There we negotiate an extension of his? hairpiece. Right now it's the Neo Rogers 4th of July blowout sale from Tom Lamin and Joe Prado Hall of Pontiac GMC. See you're supposed to drop in at Mothing. I'm listening. You're supposed to drop that in there. Carlos, I don't have it. I didn't know we had it. Oh, it's in that new. Yeah. I love seeing. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. That's all. Alright, hey, Mo, have a crappy holiday, Mo. I'm listening. I'm still waiting to dance on your grave. That's not him, is it? He had his. It is him. Yep. Oh my god. Here's Neo, the number one way to avoid hell it right now. Get 0% financing for 60 months on every 2003 Pontiac or GMC and start. All the crap you could unwrap all the slime all the time. Neo, the number two get you up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 GMC and Pontiac in stock. Attention current and former military personnel get you seven additional $700 rebate from your friends and hell it right now. Neo, the number three, at least the new 2004 Grand Prix GT1, for as low as only 209 bucks a month. It's a 36 month lease. Our friends at Hall are giving all the tails. Neo, the number four get yourself an additional 500 bucks off some of the most popular GMC models are put in the on-board. You can and deny now through the fourth of July weekend through this weekend plus a GMC toolkit while supplies last. And also at Hall are right now as if all of these things are enough. You can test drive a vehicle for 24 hours. You can take it to work. Take it to the Marlon game whatever for 24 hours. All of these things waiting for you in lots more great friendly service, fantastic unbeatable deals and Hall at Pontiac GMC, 134.16. He highway that's US won across from the falls open every day seven days a week. For more info on these great deals called the Neil Deal Hotline tool free at one Triple 8, 53442 11. That's one Triple 8, 53442 11 and don't forget all Neil Deal, some to credit approval. See our friends at Hall at Port Family Accel table hallowed potty at GMC agriculture made. The are professional graves walking near sees 561 straight up on yours home Take Nickville it's the giga of Florida for that Naps term actually thank you yep 2017 dollarale We shall all die again! Every June from R.A.M. Mr. Way just knew one day that one trait would be condemned. To get me to these or tapes. That's the fence coming from Reade. She'd have sucks where you have to pray. No, it was worth the day! I could just see it now. Archie Bunker downloading all those R.A.M. songs, can't you? 12-9-10. Maybe he's got like a big blowup doll of Michael Stein. Maybe that kid that called in a few days ago and said that that was his guy with a bad face, but was really hot. Maybe he's touched it. Maybe he's touched. Mike Tyson is just past friend, R.A.M. Let's go, Mike. 560, 50560, pound-560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. No, for you, but look at her big cell out at the Amarlingham, the L.A.P.P. Park. No excuses. Here's a call from Davy, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How about anybody mentioned the Honorable Reverend Jesse Jackson? No. No, how about Al Sharpton? No. What are they a stereotype of? Oh, just a professional black people. Yeah, good. No, I'm not talking. I know what you're saying, but I don't think it's what we're looking for. All right, can I get a request? Go ahead. Any moment? Any moment? Any moment? Okay. I agree to. I'm listening. Absolutely. Oh, man. Let's inject one right now. Okay, just a little bit real quick. Don't get panicky. Let's stick with it in a while. I'll let the off and back of it once kind of lay in it. Which one? What about? Five, 60, W, U, A, and presents. Leave it to these. Starting low, Howard David, as well. All in, as gay Carlos. Steven J. Goldstein, as well. And bright and lovely. I'm home. Hey, where's the hat stand? I ain't got the place to hang my wiki. I'm old, kid. I had another piercing accident. Watch out for the bottle. What is the beast cleaned us up? He's out stairs with Wally. Gee, beast. You better clean that piece, Patel, before I'm all get home. Um, gee, I don't know, Wally. It's kind of a dinky. So, you didn't clean the paper, huh? Yeah, fat little bastard. You tub a lot. You're walking, going up. Told you he did so. I'm piece so hard on the body. They commit these. Time we had a little chat. Um, I don't know. Okay. No. You don't say anything to lump through what they're standing. I said that the lump's on pork and fit you. Stop. But I got it, I debt it. Remember my friend here? Mr. Belt. Don't go, don't go. Oh, honey. I really stopped. Don't, don't. I said stop it. You should come out of pipe smoking poop. Okay. But don't stand near the window. What for? Cut you like, folks. Oh, oh, oh. What great scenes in Magnolia in Edbara's were uh, Donnie the a whiz, a quiz kid. Jess is sitting with his died coke at the account. Before he decides that he's going to have a tequila. And he's watching Henry Gibson coming on the bartender. Brad the bartender. And his expression goes from a smile. There's it's a long shot where his expression goes from his lips. Our curled up to like straight across to a frown. It's it's a beautiful thing. Everything seen. Everything in Edbara will be just so brilliantly done. And George's not like it. I didn't like the George didn't like Magnolia, which I find is shocking and astonishing. And absolutely unammercant to ask me. Okay. I'm dying to see it again. I saw it again last night. Let me see it one more time. And it's it's just bringing it's phenomenal. Maybe a little bit too intellectual for George. Maybe a little over. Yeah, right. It's cop out. Especially with a frog's daughter. I'll drop the suit with an electrical for George. All of George was right. I told you off the air. We might as well give you credit on the yard. George was correct about the scene where Jimmy, uh, Gator, the TV, uh, quishow host. He's going to blow his brains out after his wife is finally out of him about Mustang the daughter. And he sticks to gunna was that I shouldn't say should I. Well, it's okay. Does it ruin anything because we talked about this ruin. He can't ruin the end. Not in fact, this makes it even better because we don't know what really happened. He puts the gunna was at this point. This is when they, it's raining frogs and toads. And they're just poor. And then those houses must be built pretty poor. You know. They go through a little skylight. It fell through a skylight, but nevertheless, I mean, well, whatever. And it falls to the skylight and hits the gun and the gun goes off. And then it actually right ahead the TV screen. And that's why the the core, the power cord sizzled and fried. And he is on a floor like a little butt on his, on his lapel. But that's from hitting a floor I guess because there's broken glass and crap. Just, I know it's just a small detail, but you were right on that. Because I think it happens really, really fast. And you have to go back a while while if I would have just said you were full of crappy wood known. At least I'm honorable enough to say I watched the three four a whole bunch of time. Not the third man. Just to make sure you were right. Just just to keep watching that big frog fall. It's like our free fall. It's a great shot. It's low mode. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five. That would be a good bit for Boca Brian to the tune of its raining men. It's raining frogs. What's up, how do you think about it? Here's a call from Miami. Hello. So, Neil? Yes, sir. Thanks for taking my card. To me, one of the most obnoxious people has to be Gilbert Gottfried. Yeah, is he a stereotype? Uh, well, I mean, I don't know if you phone just stereotypes, but he's definitely obnoxious. And uh, that's all I got. And we hope he dies. Okay, thank you. Yeah, I agree with him. He is obnoxious, but I don't think he fits what we're talking about. Do you? No. No. I don't say like that. Like, I mean, give him a break. No. His intentions were good. He just wanted to rip a guy in ash. And I think he's right. Yeah, he's right. He's obnoxious, but we didn't ask that. Quit being a nitpicker, okay? And by the way, the frog didn't knock the gun. My guys, my guysen. My guysen. Remember Max? What was his name? Was that Max, guysen? The guy that I'm always talking about that you have no idea who finally died. The guy that did a TV show with false teeth. Well, if you don't know who he is with no false teeth. As time's sick, he'll tell you because time used to be on a show with him 100 years ago. Well, look at this. What is this? Very nice. The daughter of Muhammad Ali and Mark will do it out in the ring. Do you think I'm just 23. Oh, my God. Another one of these contrived. You know, I'm going to tell you. Jerry Springer needs to be taken off the ear for just a few months. Okay, let America calm down. Another one of these phony brawls. Muhammad Ali's daughter when a promotional press conference there for her fight coming up. And she gets into a brawl with some bitch was Sheryl. And not a channel that you get. Oh, that's right. He said a boot. Yeah, he said it's a boot time. They beat the crap out of each other. My Tyson's got 90 friend, Resher 85. Let me read the question again because some of you are starting to like lose it. Which of these people most represents him? Ugly, sexual, racial or ethics stereotype. My Tyson 90 friend Resher 85. Barbara stress and 47. Jim J. Bullock 31. Jackie Mason 21. I like Jackie Mason. Jerry, you know, I saw Jackie Mason that the what that was an name of that hotel. I come to be on Atlantic. The Atlantic powers right on the street from there. How many years ago, 1956 and I meet Beach. Did you look the same? Look the same. He sounded the same. Exactly the same. Jackie Mason 21. Jerry Sanford. 18. Christopher Lowell 17. 17. Murphy and Charles Nelson, I like 15. Like to see those two together. Any Griffon eight. Rosie Perez has got seven. Nice. Go on. Rosie. She's crawling up the list. Lishies up the eight. There's your name is five. Lucy. Queen of T.P.5. And that's about it. 27 past noon at five. 60 see what we do these Wednesdays. I enjoy that one to two hour. But I don't know. I feel like we're rushed, you know. I don't. I don't. You believed I was saying no. It sounds good though because we got so much. We got to accomplish here and so God damn little time. By now you've been here. We talk about laments or us. I hope and how laminated wood flooring from laments or us is the smart. The easy, the low maintenance alternative to expensive natural wood flooring. Laminants or us is the best place for you to find laminated wood flooring from the top names and a business. Territory, pergo, Wilson art, unifloring, quick step. They've got all the top names all installed by pergo certified installers. Here's another real reason why I ought to be called laments or us. Their prices will absolutely for you. And now you can get to some special for just nineteen hundred ninety five bucks. That's correct. Just nineteen hundred ninety five bucks from the three hundred eighty square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring. It is positively unbelievable. Elaminants or usal match any legitimate ridden offer to for a free and home estimate no obligation call laments or us toll free one eight seven seven seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six nothing to be easier to give your free carpet disposal free furniture moving at a twenty five year warranty and then on top of that of course years and years of beautiful easy care. So we're going to do a good job. Call laments or us today toll free and tell them that each and the authority to call one eight seven seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six. We are suppose we'll five see. You a yeah. It's been a lie we've assembled you all here today because we're looking for a few good men to join the newer raki army and as soon as you all stop throwing your shoes at us we can get started. How many here already have combat experience. I see many of you actually brought your guns will be taking those but don't worry we'll replace them with these cute little teddy bears when do we get to blow us up no no in this army you will not be blowing yourself up boom blow up now boom no boom no boom now let's move on how many of you are familiar with the way the us army works. Okay that's great how many of you are familiar with modern warfare. God. God. God. God. No no. No. No. There won't be any. God. No. No. No. No. No. No. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. Prof. 32 of 560 WDQM happy Wednesday to happy 4th of July anybody still in town how many people we got left. God. My Tyson is open up a 7 volt lead my Tyson 95 friend. Recher 88 barbers rise in 50 everybody else is small taters. Here's a call from Margie. Hello. Hi. Yes sir. Good. Great. You're the best. I got a couple for you. How about for the Italian? How about joy but a fucco? Okay. And how about for the homophobes. Reven Jones. And I'm out there. Okay. Do you have any idea what he was talking about? Yes. One of his buddies apparently has a person or two that doesn't hate him. I see. Oh and speaking of that. It's a good time because I was just wondering in my mind or in a break. The difference between Greg Vidal and Mohour David. He's not the weight in the age and the hair because Greg Vidal thinks that everybody hates him. In most case he's right. 567.0.560. See you're not paranoid when it's the truth. 556 on the AT&T and Martin Marbles line. Moh doesn't think that. Absolutely. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Hey. Two things. One is sorrow. She should be on that list for some reason. Yeah. For some strange reasons we haven't figured out yet. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Get a chirol on her. She's a good one although I don't know where to find anybody else but she's dead. She's up not she's up not she's. Number two is I'm propensalvania and they built the loose stadiums and taxpayers expense for the pirates and the sailors. And there's still nobody going to the pirate games. Nobody's going to it and they just raised their beer up for it all as a case and raise cigarettes. They're going to be cigarette 60 cents a pack trying to reduce the money. There you go. There you go. So dope dope dope. We voted no for it. We still ended up with it. Yeah. So hey you got a great great idea. They should just your visit and I'm leaving for bone to mark. Thanks a lot. Have a safe trip. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah that's right Pittsburgh. They built a new stadium. I'd run anybody. No. Detroit. Oh in fact let me take a look. The obluget is taking a coma and Detroit. But. On long way. Oh no. I think it's a section that threw in the. And the uh, cramper here. Oh. Let me dig around in the cramper for it. I'm digging around. But what I found you. Tirk. I'm digging around. But what I found you. Tirk. There we go. Let's go. It's got that crap. Quit playing out awful music here. Here's putting hack it's a bit. He's still dead. Got him. Pack it still dead. Let's take a look at the attendance. The blue jazat to Detroit Tigers. Well we got that. Detroit when they built that new stadium. And they thought, oh we're going to get a lot of money now. The attendance be way up to the team will be great. The Tigers are one of the worst teams in history. They're in last place. They're division by a zillion games. They're 23. They're 20 and 61. They played anyone games. They won only 20. They're already 23. They're already. It's only early July. They're already almost mathematically eliminated. So bad. So nobody cares about the Detroit Tigers. Nobody's going to their crappy new stadium. But. But the attendance. They're 15,448 last night for the blue jazat. We're cold as ice ready for that. What beating by 2500 the attendance announced at the Marlon game. Now both attendance is good stuff a couple of thousand. But nevertheless, just go based on what the numbers are there. Because they're both probably good stuff the same. 15,448 in Detroit with the worst team in the effect as anybody got a worse team. I can't imagine a Tampa Bay. No. Nobody's even close. The Tigers are by far by several games. The worst record in all of baseball. Including even the anxious Tampa Bay. Devorez. And they're going to be a little bit more. The worst record in all of baseball. Including even the anxious Tampa Bay. Devorez. And in spite of that, they had. Well over 15,000 for last night's game there. And the Marlon's winning 20 to one. A game over 500. 13,073 including the 300. Missions that for out gave away for free. How do you like that? But you keep working on it. Scott. You keep swimming upstream, baby. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. The way I look at it is better him than us. We've already played that game. We've already got all the battle scars. Here's some rise. Hello. Yes sir. First time long time. All right. The number one professional at make a ball time. Okay. Indiana. Ross late. Oh, I love that. That's an ugly stereotype right there. Very interesting. In every respect. Yes. You'll talk to the other night. Somehow she goes from Iraq to Fidel. Sure. I don't know how. You could be talking about crispy cream donuts and she'd find a way to add to Typhet Ellen. Junior one. You're pretty. He's very good. He's very good. He's very good. He's very good. He's very good. He's very good. Yeah. Indiana. Ross late. What are my least favorite people? And a perfect representative for South Florida. He fits in like a rubber glove right inside your window. I mean, is. Indiana Ross late. And she's a late edition on there. But I guarantee you. If Vina board puts his head to it. We get a runner. She's going to zoom up that list. Fast. And boy in South Florida is she the perfect. I mean, there. I mean, there. Any. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T. We got 298 votes. Gotta be a few people around town. Not too many. Scott seems pretty happy to be there. Although he is hit me. Said for South beats the next few days. Why not? If it's so great in Boca. I don't understand. And if he's up in if he's down in South Beach and Mo is hanging around a house in Boca, then I'm going to get to Bonna play golf together. Are they? That's a looping. Not. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Happy fourth meal. Back to you, sir. Couple of movies real quick. Okay. I watched a movie last night. I know you probably never seen a Jordan being a boy probably has a scary movie. There are so many scenes in there that you would just wait yourself. The guy going to have to perform practice or smack and one guy smack on all the guys on the ass is looking at them. There are so many things in the movie. I think about you when I watch it. There's a gory hole in the movie. It's a movie in 10 minutes. That movie is a couple years old, but I'm telling you it's as funny as any of you. Why? I've seen it. I've seen it. It's scary movie. I never do mention it. Sure. Okay. And two more things. Once upon a time in America, which is one of my favorite movies, that is the DVD we're buying with the extra minutes in it. Yes. Absolutely. I just watched it this weekend. Absolutely. Jennifer Connelly there. And once upon a time in America, if you look at the credits, it has a stunt double for her. That must be the ass part day when she's a little girl. They couldn't show her actual name. I mean, I'm wrapping for a dream. No, no, no, no, no. And once upon a time in America, she drops her dress for the kid looking through the people. And she turns out Jennifer Connelly, yes it is. Yes, it is. Yes. Under a different name. Yeah, it's her. No, it's her Jennifer Connelly. Oh, do it. Yeah. Wait, wait, wait. Hang on a second. Don't judge a whistle to tune. Hang on. Okay. Okay, I got the thing right in my hand. Right. Uh, course, the only problem with it is there's so many people in the movie. It's her movie. But if her name doesn't appear anywhere that I've seen, no, she's on the credit. She's the little girl. And the she's the little, he lives with my govern. No, no, no. Yes, well, yeah. She's a little Elizabeth McGovern, right? Exactly. Yeah, because that one he's looking through the people. Right. She's noodles noodles is in love with her when she's a little girl. Right. That's Jennifer Connelly? Yes. And she turns around and shows her ass and on the credit. That's, um, Jennifer Connelly's stunt double. So that's it. Stop, ass there. Unlike in Requiem. Oh, I'm happy. She'll be well. That's why she made up for it. That's why she's asked to make up for last time. One more thing you may not have ever considered in the movie The Godfather, the so many lines, but there's one line that's really says a lot when, um, when, um, when, when, um, the lawyer, Tom Hagen, Telsonidam, to make the deal. He says that's easy for you. He's not your father. And he says he says much of father to me as you or Michael, but he doesn't mention Fredo. Isn't that interesting? Never know this thing. Yeah, it's interesting. It's interesting. As much as son as you or Michael, there's three times. I don't know what he does. But he never mentioned the middle one. I want to make him an all-for-you-can. Okay. You two, pal. Thanks. Honey, I like that. We get movie intensive again. We like it. Everybody likes it. That was just a bunch of sour pie. Okay, all those assholes. Even for Ralph was talking movies with me this morning. See, we'll bring him a rock. What would you rather hear about movies in a Marlins? Who you ask? That's a tough one. That's a tough contest. 1241 at 560 WDQ. I'm happy anniversary to our good post personal buddies at Brandy's shoes in Papa of each 25 years this year. In business. Any independent family shoes to her that six around that long you know has got to be sensation doing a lot of things right by their customers. Like number one, offering a fantastic selection of men's and women's famous brand shoes like Rock Sports, Echoes, Mephisto, Timberland Clarks, SAS, Floor Shyman, lots more. Number two, all the sizes you're looking for when they got teeny tiny feet are a big fat one. Men sizes 6 to 15 women's five to 12 and wits from the very, very narrow and very, very wide. And number three, they give you professional personal service to make sure you get a perfect fit every time. Just about guarantee it would 40,000 pair of shoes in the stock in their gigantic 8,000 square foot mega store. You can bet George's life on it and throw in peanut boy and for well too. Whatever shoes you're looking for there in stock ready for you right now. Brandy shoes, they're at 1290 North Federal Highway in Papa Beach open daily 9 9 Sundays 10 to 5. All this wicked Brandy shoes from a select group of women's naturalizer sandals for only 3490. And men's rigor that's rigorous boat shoes only 3990. How'd you say that George? What? Men's rigorous boat shoes only 3990 stop at a visit Brandy's on our website at BrandySues.com. I'm in love with this poor 205 season. You weigh in. Got a bite of what up? What up? You're hungry. Wow. Now another page from the audio diary of Mike Tyson. Here's the oldie. Trouble seems to follow me like a bad suit. Oh, that's the other thing. I recently found out when your suit can't is all dead and smashed in. Don't eat it, there we. I was suffering from a terrible case of vouchicism. I had awful crap in my lower and testicles. Anyways, I was arrested and had sports release on my own with climatism. Two dogs was up to no good and started making trouble in my neighborhood. That's alive from the French Prince of Belleville, there we. I love the little brother on that show. His name was Carl in, but he's not a door man. Anyway, back to the arrest part. Then two who the hands was making support of me. They said my face tattoo looked like an edge of sketch. I don't know what edge of sketch is there, but I'm pretty sure it wasn't so nice on the state. One of them was about to blogging me with a pipe. What was that tattoo, Derry? I mean, I felt the Hulk boy lay up over inside of me. I turned even greener than I did when I was suffering from the vouchicism. How does this thing, though, we seem to happen to me, Derry? I mean, I need my luck to change. I applied to be on the big brother's show, but they said I couldn't be. They sent back my application and said I was too necopharius. How dare they call me nicks of feckeryth? I'm not Greek. This has been another page from the audio diary of Mike Tyson. He's an asshole. Absolutely. Prop 48 at 560WK, we just got one of the great facts in history. Although, well, yeah, it's in his facts. Before we get to that, two things. Number one, the Marine down columny just facts me. It's on our website today. Oh, sorry. Next up, the gate of we're seeing. Okay. Next, anyway, Elmer. Not too many people named Elmer. The glue guys named Elmer and then Elmer Conrad. Remember him from Corridon, Indiana? Right. You do? Nope. Fiveish finkle. Who the hell is fiveish finkle? Some Jew. Well, seriously, who is it? I'm supposed to know that he was on the Boston public. He's been in a bunch of things. Oh. I don't think enough people know fiveish finkle. Okay. It's kind of fiveish sixish. But this is a great facts. And it says, and by the way, you've got to keep your eye on being a boy and Eric every moment. If you look away for a second, it's just, uh, they're just not cutting it. Virtue at Simmons. How long go did we mention that? And I said, absolutely. I even played the Richard Simmons bit. Is it on there? No. No. And Bruce Relant even though you said nobody knows who that is. I think he's blowing enough people to see him on Hollywood squares. You know, fruit cake. Let's get him on there too. You got it. Peter, boy. Can you handle this or not? I think at the last Bruce. Bruce who? V-Lange V-I-L-A-N-C-H. You've seen her. Screaming wild queen with a yellow wig. That's a wig. Fat. Tubby. Whatever it is. I don't want to know. I'll let you find out. I'll let you know. No. The freaky car was, uh, check it out. Bruce V-Lange and Richard Simmons. How come were he Simmons in on there? Is that one of Eric's things again? I don't know if I'm not right now. Get those queens both out of anyway. The fast was on to say they should both be definitely on the pull. I can't stand those screaming silly faggot's, which is why I made a comment I did yesterday about the big pride parade they hit around Sunday. I don't really didn't go out and get involved. I didn't even look at it. I mean, more power to all of those people. But, uh, why do you have to go out there a lot of you? Mencing in the prints and around, you know? It says, I'll never understand it. I'm gay, which means I'm attracted to men in masculine behavior. Why would I want a surrogate woman? I want a man. Now you're talking. Just like Tom Brady, there's a real man. Just like all it says, just like all the queens who drive around wiltmaners with their rainbow stickers and leather pride flags, newsflash, nobody cares about your orgasm, except Rich San Terminary fall while they're just desperate. Excellent facts. Thank you very much. Couldn't agree with you more. Maybe Donnie the, uh, whiskey. Maybe he cared the quiz kid. Whatever he was, the just kid. Maybe he cares about it. Mike Tyson 106. He's pulling away, man. He's got the, uh, afterburners on friend, Russia 92. Varmer's Streisand 52. Jim J. Bullock 33. Let's get those other queens on a give him some competition. Who's those numbers up there? 560, 560, pound 5. Can you believe it's almost waterclack? And we got that one to two hours there in us in the post? Can't wait. God, dammit. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Well, now. Yes, sir. How you doing today? Pretty good. Listen, I was down to stadium. You may be buying for all breakfast, my man. It's almost a sellout down there. Yeah. For tonight. And if you would do me a favor and talk. Wait, wait a minute. Why not? Why don't we go a little bit beyond this, okay? Tonight, there haven't a free firework show. Right. Yeah. But I heard you this morning. For all king guarantees a whole year. Or else, he's on other words, if they sell out on a day they would have sold out any way. I'm supposed to like to build him a statue, is that it? I don't know. He's crazy, maybe. No, he's crazy. We know that. That's what we like about him. He's crazy. But that's beside the point. Your series there are almost the sellout already? Yeah. I was down there. How do you know that they told me that? They opened the up-or-deck too as well. Yeah. So, I had private and it's all like run. I have 60,000 people there tonight. Excellent. I win. Go that for. But I'm so mad. No, if he can do it more power to a mobile and a statue. All right. If you could talk to Hank, I'm to get the schmotsa rag out and take it a little easy on the moiling. Okay. What does that mean? What are you talking about? Well, he does it. He's not an optimist. He's a pessimist. You know, I mean, people call him up to talk about baseball. And as soon as you want to talk about it, maybe a trade or something happening, he says the finger. Well, he might be talking about it. Don't call me and give me instructions. I'll talk about it. Talk about call him up and tell him about it. And see how many seconds. Count the seconds. He'll be on. I'm third man. Or less. Hank's been around. He knows what it's all about. He's been through the Wayne business in the John Henry business and the David Samson and the Lyle business and all this stuff we're going through. And, you know, they were going through this little period of year for you right now. And it's the holidays. They're having a big fourth of July. Let's see on the next home stand after this next couple of weeks on the road trip. Let's see then. I'm not trying to pee on their parade. But I will say this to you if you think that, you know, if we get a much more people start showing up that the rest of us are going to start supporting public money for a stadium. You're dreaming your wistland. Dixie because that's not going to happen. So selfish selfish pathetic thing that a small handful of people want the rest of us to subsidize. And it's not going to happen. Just like the guy from Pittsburgh said before, they built a new stadium near the natural and flies. And now they have to find all kinds of ways to tax the public to try to find a funds to pay for it. When the hell does that party stop already? But anyway, I mean, I know George is pretty whipped up about it. Good God. I have no idea what's just happened in the past five minutes. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon were of a slime. I want you to tell Hank to give him some slack. Whatever the baseball teams name is. What does that mean take his belt out of notch? Tell him well. For more you've been telling me, and the last time I was there, you notice he was conspicuous. By his absence, I realized you don't come onville four, and I'm out of there right at two o'clock. But ordinarily in the past, a couple of times he's coming a little bit early, so that we could bond for a couple of minutes. And you know, just to smooth the little rip mullin ass. But he didn't come by because you've been making comments about how we still a big as a house. Shame on you, George. That was a shame on you. Yeah, was you. Here's a call from Hollywood. And you always a pleasure, man. It is. I wish we would cut you two ideas for your poll. Yeah. I want you to get in the Michael Jackson. Yeah, but what what what is Michael? Okay, he just hung up. What is Michael Jackson, the stereotype? Well, we said the freak. Yeah. He's not a stereotype of anything black because he's not even like Mocha anymore. And Ellen, he generous. He's a, she's a stereotypical, like. I don't think so. Whatever. No, if I was going to put a stereotypical, like on there, I'd put Rosie. What's wrong with Rosie O'Donnell? Right. Let's get her ass on there. I'm going to be Rosie. No, that's Janet Reno. Come on. Oh, it's a good point. Oh, not Janet Reno. If I have to pick one. Rosie O'Donnell. Okay. Okay. I mean, I'm supposed to child. Where is she's the poster child for big up now? She's dikes. There's no good doubt about that. I mean, making all these, as per the, the Janet, although there are a couple of chapters in the Hillary book about the things that the two of them did together, but that's beside the point. We'll say those for the forl to show. The game is almost a sellout. Forl did it. You got Don Trill tonight. You got the fireworks show. Marlins won 20 to one last night. Let's go out there and fill a joint. But you say. Oh. I know George and Binaborg are going to be out there. Buy and payin' for their own tickets. Miguel's going to be there. Whole station probably be there except of course for most of them. Or out of town. Ha ha ha ha. I want you to give me the pool. Yeah, only if you can get laid in the pool. That's the whole deal. They're just like the forl people. They're not going out there for the Marlins or for the ballgame. Let's face it. I mean, he's getting them out there by giving the tickets away. They're going out there to have an orgy. Great. No problem. And of course the last time we talked about that and he had one of his nights out there. Do you remember the episode the next day? And but I beat by the book. No, he might haven't. There haven't closed their meetings. And, you know, they thought that what's his name with their Tony Dow. Looking for Beaver. I'm serious. A little bit of a problem with some of the sluts got arrested. And I'll be a big scene over there. So let's just try to keep a little bit on it. Not then how many people is the limit getting busted in the game tonight. Okay. We can handle that. But over that, it's going to be a mess. They're going to get all psychotic and better to shape. Let's try to tone it down just a notch or two. That's all. Not like comb up. Just a notch or two. As we get really Marlin intensive on QAM. All Marlins all day. We can get we can break a one share in the next book on the minus side. 1256 at 560 WQM. Here's something good for you. All of you men. I'm poppin some every morning. I'm religiously poppin in my post. All of you made soft shells contain the finest olive oil you've ever had in your body. Not just ordinary olive oil but super concentrated oil with health benefits too. In fact, Clarence and Abista been using it for some amazing things. All of you may have been taken up reduced risk of heart disease and high cholesterol. There are 14 different oleomid formulas you can choose from. Each one combining the finest olive oil like I said only moments ago with vitamins, minerals and herbal to support specific health needs from your bones, your blood pressure, to your immune system. Just pick out the formulas that are right for you. And now there are three new oleomid formulas. One to help you sleep. One to help you control your weight and cook you 10. Self-cute 10 for your heart. Pick up some oleomid today while you're out pros and around doing your shopping because just about everybody's carrying it now. You'll find that public's records, Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, Navarro's and Sedanos are order it online if you like oleomidamerica.com. If you mind more information on their stellar products called Toolfree, 1-866 oleomid. That's 1-866-6553633. Pick up some oleomid for better health today and start popping it in your fat pussy. Why? Local. Here's sports video 566-866. You a- Hey, I'm proud you're here now. I'm gonna be on our last laden and I like to rub my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels. And listening to that mean, okay, I'm gonna use the hour. See guys! Welcome to another edition of Inside Life with Sports. Dressed and nasal mist is our guest today. Yo, Jreyo, what do you have to say about your admirers who are obsessed and worship you in every way and base their intellect and entire existence on your ability to catch a ball. I don't know what I've been told but a big leg of woman ain't got no thought. What's your take on the over and under and under of the over of the underwear? I don't know what I've been told but a big leg of woman ain't got no thought. And what's your take on those rumors flying around that you're articulate enough to replace Michael Jordan on those MCI spots? And they say you're getting close to signing that contract. I don't know what I've been told but a big leg of woman ain't got no thought. Tell us more about your charitable work for under-privileged children helping to improve their mathematics skills through showing them how to properly weigh crack rock. I don't know what I've been told but a big leg of woman ain't got no thought. And we'll be back with more Inside Life with Sports. Coming up tonight on Inside the Behind the True Hollywood Celebrity Music Viper if you profile story. You may not know who the Rembrandt's are but they wrote the theme song the most popular sitcom on television. No, no not according to Jim. Friend. Oh man, come on. Do you realize how many times on how many TVs in how many markets our song gets played every day? Rembrandt's co-founder, Phil Soma. How long would you say we've been talking now? 30 seconds? In that 30 seconds I have just made enough to pay for three more horrors. Here I am, I'm a little biological receptor. Yes, although the Rembrandt's have no real talent. They make roughly $50,000 every seven minutes. In Laman's terms that's enough for $866,000 a year. And I'm a talking skanky or a zither. These are the top of the line horrors. There is nothing Phil and I like better than channel surfing. Rembrandt's other co-founder, Danny Wilde, describes how he and Phil Sola stand hours with the remote calculating their earnings. Dude, what on TVS? There's a horn for the boys. Benning other money on horrors. At least they're trying to be real rock stars. It's a big juicy, shopping wet look of show business tonight on Inside the Behind. He's in quiet around to sit on the neck. I want... Pete. Wait an一-hour! Who are... You can't even get mad, go through that! Hey, think best ever happened. I liked a mad. He doesn't think twice. But, you... When did that get that? I'm just starting! Watch this! I can dunk it when I'm trippy! MEEEEEEE! You eat like a pussy! Just like a girl! Like a spoiled hole! MEEEEEEE! Oh no! Hi, I'm being a boy. I like food well-a... MEEEEEEE! Hey, I like this! MEEEEEEE! Oh, this is the Dutchman! I can't help but eat it up your own plate! MEEEEEEE! I'll just go out. I'll just end it if it's... I'm just gonna be better with it. I'll just end it if it's... You're like a flyer when I'm swarrowing! Get out of here! You can't! Oh man, I'm gonna flop! Yeah, try one of these! I'll just... Okay, okay. Mmmmm... It's chocolate! T-CLEAT! T-CLEAT! T-CLEAT! T-CLEAT! T-CLEAT! T-CLEAT! T-CLEAT! T-CLEAT! T-CLEAT! T-CLEAT! That's what I happen to play, I mean still. Yeah, you talk about women. All the time! I don't know what to do when you want to. I've forgotten what they're like. Maybe I can get a digs in your book of science. Tell me, tell me! I've got the idea! You'll scare me. Yeah, yeah. In the history of good versus evil, few crime-firing dwarves have been as mismatched as these two co-chaters. One's white, the other's black, one's skinny, the other's fat. One's tall, the other's short, one's straight, the other. Maybe not so much. Still, they join forces to battle the dark side. And cover really horrible songs from the 70s. It increases the word that I heard. Yeah, it's the word. Yeah, Ruben? You see my area in code, sure. No, I haven't. The big one? The big one? The big one? Ruben, you did that? It's the phone. Can you get down and picture my hair? I'm cold my hair on my ears. Oh, I don't like dancing for him, I'm shy. Come on, please, you can do it to the phone. Are you as to? All right. Ruben, I'm on the screen, Ruben. What? Ruben, I'm on the screen. Ruben, I'm playing. Ruben, I'm playing. When they arrive on the scene in their forties, all Helm rings loose. Come on, Ruben, let's go. Oh, man, I can't. Come on, let's go. I can't. Why? I can't get out the calm stuff. Oh, that's the right there, Ben Guy. Hey, what are you thinking doing? I got some good news for you, bad person. Why, you gonna let me go? No, I see money in my country. Oh, man, you gotta stop with those dumb commercials. Hey, Ruben. What? I'm over my cholesterol. Oh, man, you're killing me. I'm watching. I'm watching. I'm watching. Stop it. I'm leaving. That's the man guy catching him. Ben's personal is not through your head. Ruben, I'm playing. Ruben, I'm playing. Ruben, I'm playing. This whole unboxing crime doesn't stand a chance. I'm not going to be a good one. I'm not going to be a good one. I'm not going to be a good one. I'm not going to be a good one. I'm not going to be a good one. Oh, no. What's wrong, now, sir? I want my balls turned black. Sure, your balls. My basket ball, my garage. It's frozen, turn black. Oh, that's terrible. I'm a big basket baller. Horrible. Take the call, Eisner. What calls? Jennifer Garner. I ran the paper. She's getting a little more. Well, she's separated. There's some kind of straight-air eyes there. She wants me. I think she would just afraid to make some move on the big guy. But sir, with all due respect, you're a mouse. Hey! Don't tell me I'm a mouse. I'm hot, though. She wants me. I can tell. You're my pinbiser. Okay, okay, sir. I'll make the call. Hang on a minute. I'm a tiny mouse. Hey, you're my- I'm a- Go, pick it up. Song remiss. Do nothing. That's Song. Any more Japanese do nothing, please. Have me Song, Mom. It doesn't make me happy. It makes me want a strangle you. Fizer? I do want to tell you one good thing you're doing. Okay. I chopped you for a make a little. Your finally put those on the map with that thing. Wait a go, Eisner. Well, sir, that's actually the fox network. Don't correct me, Eisner. Grievous? What are you doing, Remix? Get a horse and play with Simbo. Go play the Simbo, come on the ball, Remix. Rex, Simbo, didn't you land for Simbo? It did me land, man. It's terrible. That's right. They need me, Bob. Don't play a Simbo again, Remix. Eisner? Yes, sir. What are we running? Well, sir, we got the bachelor. Oh, that's right. That stupid firesteam kid with that pool peaton grin. No, no, sir. It's a firestone. I know. Yes, sir. Don't you correct me. What's his name? What's his name? Firesteam. No, you went in and fired stone. Do you live another name with a bachelor? Oh, I'm having sex. What's his information on the way to Bob Peter Jennings? Well, what about Peter? So he's doing a fine job. Oh, no! That was a go-of-up. Remix? I swear to God. I will take your hand. Between my white-glump hands and smash it. Ah, both are all. I'm under a little strip, Bob. What's the man in Nick and Durham pass? Beat it? The Nick and Durham pass. You don't smoke, Remix? Get out of here. You moron. Yes. I, sir. Yes, sir. Well, Mr. Jennings is doing a fine job. Peter Jennings is terrible. He's French. Well, actually, sorry. He's Canadian. Oh, I, I, sir. Yes. What did I tell you about correctly? What is Peter Jennings? Sip? He's French. No, you moron. He's Canadian. PCA, Corvard Network. You don't even know what he does. I keep you around, either. I don't know. Why, either. I don't know. You are, say it. You're killing me? No, and me. And get all what try to get me on that bachelor's shelf. Sir, you're married, mouse. Hey, I, sir. Yes? I don't want to marry him. I don't want to date those 25 girls. I just want to serve them. Okay. Green, Nick. Hello. Mr. Peterson. Yes. Hi, this is Bob Williams, down at Sir's Box Boss. How are you today? Fine. Are you sitting down? Yes. I'm afraid I have some bad news for you. What do you mean bad news? I understand that Bob's been with us for almost 20 years now. Bob's okay, isn't he? Oh, Bob's fine. A little upset but fine. He's been a good worker for us. He's made all his quotas. His bonuses have always been in line. But we're going to have to let him go. What do you mean? We're going to have to fire him. And unfortunately being the boss sometimes you have to do things that you're not very Please doing. That's not very fair. He's been very loyal to you. Yes, he has. That's like a slap in the face. I can imagine you're feeling that way. Absolutely, but. Feeling that way. You don't understand. We just have a baby. Yes, I understand. We have a young up the young. I understand. This is a very hard time to do this kind of a thing. I fully agree with you. But there's something that's happened down here at the office that we can't overlook. It's an image problem and a problem that you might want to address yourself. I don't know quite how to tell you, though. Why are you firing him? Um, it's a little delicate. Unfortunately, we found on my top of his desk making love to a secretary. I've got a lot of a debt. Well, I can understand you being upset at this point. But that is not the heart. That stupid line. Some of the debt line can't believe this. Well, he's going to need your support through it. And what's going on? Right now he's on his way home to you when he can't wait. I'm going to wait home to me. He's got another thing coming when he gets home. I'm going to change the locks on the door. I'm telling his stuff right on the front door. And he can just have it all. I'm not even going to be here when he gets back. That's none of a good. And now, now I don't feel so bad about his brother. Absolutely. Providence after one and five, 60 is our gigantic wins. They wanted to come into its hour. Now the thing you've asked me, the breathless story about George W. saying he invaded Iraq has got told him. I fact you that you emailed it. I did. Yes. It's been on the website. Yeah, we had that one. I was not what I forwarded along to you. No, that was one of the two things that you emailed me. One was all the way early from this morning. Well, whatever. I don't check that stupid thing. God was a story. We had we didn't have exactly the same story. A different version of it. But thanks anyway. Yeah. The Lord told W to invade Iraq. God don't know us, but I'll see you, Tom. And the pictures you said for that couple's contest were just fine. Very good. That wasn't what I was talking about either. Well, what else is on there? I keep forgetting how many emails I've said. We have the other cover. Why? The cover. Oh, it looks beautiful. It's not on there. It's a different name. It's a different email. Don't look for my name. Look for a different name. You might have deleted it thinking it was spam. I'm not going to say what it is because that's very open. I send it to you from a different my personal email address, which is where Miguel sent it to me. No, you didn't. No, God. I'm sure the audience is excited about this. I don't have it. All right. I'll send it to wherever you send it to the game. Don't delete it. It's not spam. Okay. I didn't delete anything. The only thing I deleted was that story about that we got in the W which we already had on there. Which of these people most represents an ugly sexual racial or ethnic stereotype that's our poll. Quite a few more. My ties. 120. My soul but I'm not believed friend, Richard 98 ran by her like he was dead and still said, I'll pass. Marbor star sand 52. Jim J. Bullock 33. And then it goes on down. Do we have those other ones on it at the Rebrouse, uh, be laying? I don't know. And Richie Simmons got a pair already. A drag concept would like to come and perform a miracle in your house. And especially now that's the dog days of the summertime. This is a really good time to be calling them. Because the pain in the ass kids, maybe they're like, they're out of school, but maybe they're like gone off the camp or going off and run away from home. Something. Now is a really excellent time to pick up the phone call dry concepts. You've got probably some extra time. Have them come in and make your carpeting look just like brand new. And believe you me, they dry clean your carpets. So the only people in the world that use this method is patented. And when they finish your carpets look like you just had brand new laid right there on your floor all over the house. And they also do a stupid stuff. Make your drapes and expensive area, right? No, I had a rugs look just like brand new. If you have problem with pet orders or mildew orders caused by water damage. If you want your post-release, other furniture look in brand new, these are the people you want to become because they're the best in the business. I've been using them in my house for over 20 years. Just about everybody I know uses dry concepts time to get smart before it's too late. Call the professionals at dry concepts and don't forget no fears about tack ons in the all kinds of wicked price add-ons at the end of the job because dry concepts gives you a written guaranteed price before they start the work. Call them toll free and see for yourself how fantastic they are. Call 1-800-248-5071-182-4807-1 or log onto their website at dryconcept.com. Don't forget with dry concepts it's the truth you can clean today and entertain tonight. My life and law. This is sports radio by 64. Way to way. This is the story of a boy. Oh my god, these my tightest gloves. Finds a pair of magical gloves. Please let me be like mine. That will change the sport of boxing forever. Well, go on here. Hey, I'm never. Wow, it's a ludicrous. How do you do it? Ouch, my ears. Come back here, little punk. Slop pictures proudly presents. Wow, I'm even Muslim. I'm going to eat you. Like Mike Tyson at theaters everywhere. Wow, no, don't you tell me to laugh. I won't let my the cup pick fat fat. You start a barbecue. I can't deny. I ain't her big in hair in five. You. Yeah, who? Who knew? My president is a juice was scored an on you. Love a monocle. On that old thump. A rolled down voice. It really is down. Making out with monocle. I couldn't have picked a fat of pimple. Feeling pitch out. I got my black hole smoke. I'm a whole door. She nearly choked. When she's like telling my b-fat. Well, they started to scream like a ornir. Failing. They'll rip men. I'll tell them on me. It's a whiskey I don't know. We. Mr. Mr. Report. I really can't go. I'm the president. I'm the friggin' post. The time is now. When I'm come and please. I like my boobies with cherry-bank creep. The boys on the hill see the main NBA. All we're getting sucks by that truth. I'm in leech. Thunder higher a cock. Pretty could eat legit. If you get in spin. They must scream. We're not trying to solve these times of blow. I'm jumping hell of a read like a habitate goat. Never stop the hell. We're the dollar. I know. He's all getting busy with general reno. So get mad if it's a one-poor and be a bum. I'm out of gun. Strut, but I did not come. Stand to death. I'm not looking to think of the stand. Shoot me general bum if can't understand. I'm a little sicker now. I'm ready to accept. I can't stop. I'm a little sicker now. I'm a little sicker now. I'm a little sicker now. I'm a little sicker now. I'm a little sicker now. I'm a little sicker now. I'm a little sicker now. I'm a little sicker now. I'm a little sicker now. I'm a little sicker now. I'm a little sicker now. I'm a little sicker now. I'm a little sicker now. I'm a little sicker now. I'm a little sicker now. I'm a little sicker now. I'm ready to stop. I'm ready everybody. I'm ready my pants. Mmm, giraffe. Get ready for a show that'll have the critics talking. I'm out there. Be dough. He does fill it out nicely. Oh God. I just think it's okay. Oh God, if he started it round. Oh, and I'd like to give him a mouth and I'll just go out. I'd like to face him. I'll let him get his mouth. Oh God. He's a little sicker now. Oh gosh, look at the twerk bell. He watched tonight. Show it to me. Back in the day when someone done a strong ... In Pearl Harbor, there was a Когда grandfather. We vom them back and now the shot is, they hit us hard. And on our得s our little flags away. As that's on you loving retired points of honors the wrong way The truth, gentlemen, barons to be in America Where they follow those like cheese The United States of arrogance They're like poor Chinese and a leaf re-biggered this country But, oh, I'm having a ghost in the darkest days And I just believe I don't want to be a packs of marahons Think they're gone down to USA What's a few thousand innocent lives Stop living in the mess If you want that as you be to drive You've got to need more gas If slug courageous to country in the world They train us to believe And anyone who says that obviously And afford to be And I'm embarrassed to be in America Where we pay three of it, please Wave a flag and would ask With our head in the sand And blindly follow the powers that we have a sad tick F*** up watching states from news on a 65-inch screen Scratcher balls and pie, everything's okay In the goddamn USA Don't let America You emailed me at the other address That's why I didn't have that email Oh, sorry, you're catching me off guard That's okay, you just tried to catch me off guard I know that I'm a sports ass line I saw a guy's like, I didn't see punch drunk Love you, though, but here's another facts But we had a whole bunch of people But that's where you were on a Saturday We were at him, Sandor was doing pretty well on our pool People who keep you away from a movie But we had a whole bunch, I would say People call him and say, oh, even if you're like Adam Sandor You're in the Bina Boy also, so I didn't you? Haven't seen it, but people may be less afraid He was fatso that saw it, the beast Yeah, punch drunk love, it's from Paul Thomas Anderson So now it's got to be great Director, writer of Boogie Nights and Magnolia Which George Admits is the best movie ever made My life and love You know, this is sports radio, I know you You're doing it, you're doing it, you're doing it Hey guys, if you're looking for a great place To spend the fourth of July, you have to check out Treasure Island I'll be there this Friday from 6 to 8 along with Boogie Brian McGill and Bina Boy for another QAM party We'll be enjoying specials that we can't mention on the air Because they sound really dirty, and of course we'll have some of our crappy prizes Treasure Island is up in seven days from noon till 5am Located right off the Paul Meadow north of 120 second street Their multi-stage layout means you got a great view from anywhere in the club Enjoy great food, made fresh by their gourmet chefs And don't forget about the free daily lunch buffet You can shoot a game of pool or watch your favorite sporting event On one of their huge satellite TV screens Every Tuesday, all ion-hizer bush products are two for one from 4 to 8 For more info, log on to Treasure Island Dancers.com Or call them up at 305-558-2221 Don't miss this fourth of July, 6 to 8 with all of us here from WQAM at Treasure Island Just off the Paul Meadow north of 120 second street, we'll see you there You the ion would get in charge of you There You the ion you should be keeping around Rolling the girls don't sound so hot, you should be on your way You may see me just go fly You the ion you're in a tube is waiting All you have to do is go hop on We've got a lot and head to yourself and see how to hear my So go back to Havana, it's only 90 miles So go back and see Castro, buddy on your brand new island of USA and the tube Cause you flow on in our tubes So go back and see you You're a giant and more grandma's in the fun Well again everyone from the Channel 7 news center, I'm Rick Sanchez with your 60 second goal for update We have some new reports that just came in there are hard to explain so let's move to the Middle East Warmap Rick's world if you will and I'll try to explain I'm Rick's world, hi on, I'm Rick Party on everyone, I'm your most excellent anchor Rick Sanchez and with me as always Sally Fitz, party on sale Party on Rick called San Pedro lately Not since I've been back from Houston, people in the business remember but fortunately for me the public has a short memory Say what about that guy you flattened is he still in a coma? Yeah, still in a coma, I'm so glad you brought that up, Sally, not anyway Who's saying blew off a couple more scuds at the occupied West Bank but those awesome Patriot dudes intercepted As you know the insane who's saying gosh can I turn an original phrase or what? Yes boys and gas but as I squat over bagged head I'm giving a gas of my own Who's saying today said yeah I don't know the secret weapon the Americans have the 40 foot colossal news anchor with a chat lips squatting over my country with a smelly gas My fruits are all fleeing but for me I ran but I couldn't hide Well that's all the time we have for today party on sale party on Rick I'll sit in squats so you're worrying up Rick over our rack for Channel 7 news Oh, how far? She already made music history by recording her first English language album and now she's taking her art form to the next level By re-recording songs that we're already hits in English only this time very English again Our hearts so high And that means that it's my honor Securus sings other people's hits She's pure sings other people's hits She's pure sings other people's hits She's pure sings other people's hits With you really really like she cure a city laundry service Then you really really really like her new city She cure sings other people's hits No jinnamos and it's Daniel and it's those momentals See 135 this patchy semis hysterical it's a hoot And by the way the cover of our best at ELCD is going to be phenomenal Not only my dancing on mose grave but drop an album Big one Facts as during ELU such a hypocrite the license for this is hysterical License which authorizes your employer to occupy the 560 frequency is one huge public handout Wrong I'm sure it's a fake phony facts It's a license to print money corporate welfare baby No, no, it's not this is from one of these Marlon assholes For you to utilize public airways to opinionate against a publicly funded ballpark is ridiculous Public handouts have been very good to you right See I hate to break the news to you but this radio station and all of the others their private industry the private been Wait and PR and the audience pays nothing to listen to the show its free pay zero zippity doda Now private industry wants to come in and build a stadium for the Marlon's more power to a new golf boys Over 34,000 ticks old for tonight's game and it ain't because of the fireworks right Uh-huh We'll see when the next sellout's gonna be sweetheart Also, it says I know about if you quit in Pittsburgh you know about Atlanta Denver Cleveland Baltimore all the other success stories First of all Atlanta which wins the division just about over year Didn't even sell out their playoff games and number do Cleveland when I Jacob's feel low And I was gonna turn around to whole franchise since the performance of the team went into crapper Then I'd run flies either I just mentioned that in passing okay 24 till 2 at 560 QM the mad dog from Key West at 2 Are you having a heart or a liver? I'm gonna go to the door I'm gonna go to the door I'm gonna go to the door I'm gonna go to the door I'm gonna go to the door I'm gonna go to the door I'm gonna go to the door I'm gonna go to the door I'm gonna go to the door I'm gonna go to the door I'm gonna go to the door I'm gonna go to the door I'm gonna go to the door I'm gonna go to the door I'm gonna go to the door I'm gonna go to the door I'm gonna go to the door I'm gonna go to the door I'm gonna go to the door I'm gonna go to the door I'm gonna go to the door I'm gonna go to the door I'm gonna go to the door I'm gonna go to the door I'm gonna go to the door I'm gonna go to the door I'm gonna go to the door I'm gonna go to the door I'm gonna go to the door I'm gonna go to the door I'm gonna go to the door I know where... I'm gonna go to the door I tell NPC where You're gonna be imprisoned I'm gonna roam around I could fuck you Is something I didn't actually hear And when I was I don't really? I'm gonna go to the door I know you feel better That never happened I'll be sure that not the screw kids when I get the change but the cleaners are ready with my line green man I wonder is it take Kelly calling a plate doing just a little thought so what I love this day That's fine. I know the sandwich buddy. I can do what I want because the management loves me Something you ought to know but a lot is time. I want to do to be my home Who am I type out now? Anscape how about who who's who don't take no for the answer Well Oh What would you do if I put in my face? Would you stand up and walk out on me? Yes. It hurts my real life all the too long. There's no stopping my jingle variance. Oh, I'm still everywhere that it has. I'm still here that I'm still here that it has. I'm gonna prove now I'm still here that it has. Oh, I'm gonna prove now. Oh, I'm still here that it has. Where did I see that makes it give way? Even we need a bottle and throw. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Girls, can you smell it's cold, you bouquet. And the ride can we hold our door? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm still here that it has. I'm still here that it has. Oh, I'm still here that it has. I'm gonna prove now. Oh, I'm still here that it has. What's wrong with you, my dance? I've got real bad guess. We're taking you just hot air. Oh, I've got something. I've got something. We're coming out of the way. We're going to lose. Oh, I'm out. We're going to lose. We're going to lose. We're going to lose. Thank you for calling us this T-T-T-I-N-M-A-M-A-T. I just picked up my 92-4 from your life. And that is on two turns in the back seat. Are you sure? Yes. And there's one in the back seat? A turn. A bigger, a big, a human turn in the back seat of my car. Bam, I assure you, our guys did not take it dump in your car. If you want to bring that car back, we'll take a look at it. You owe you one thing to look at. My car is fine. It said, big, it turned in the back seat. Okay, what would you like me to do? I want somebody to come over here. You can turn out my back seat. That's not going to happen. What do you mean, it's not going to happen? You can bring the car here when you take a look at it. I have. I'm going to bring it back there. You know what I'm going to do? I'm going to take the dump in every last car you got there. I'm going to peel your counter. I'm going to do it all. Okay. You can bring the car here. Okay. You know what? You feel like a big girl in man. It probably came out your way. Oh, yeah. I don't make it happen to go in. I'm taking a dump in the car. How much are you weigh? About 400 pounds. That's your turn. That's my turn. Yeah. That came from 400 pounds. This is a 400 pound man. This is a 400 pound man. He's a that old gorilla. I'm driving his car right to my lawyer's office. And I'm going to let the whole world see you're going to be on a new decision, buddy. I'm going to get seven home outside. Why? You want to be on the new? Can you describe the pieces? I mean, what's the last thing? You know what it is. It came out your ass. What the hell you were kind of? Actually, you were pulling. I say what it smells ungodly. That's what it smells like. It smells like you sold your ass to the devil. How many of them have you to have? Well, how many is it? How long is it? It's not as long as my own. I don't think it's like why y'all. This is not good. I got a damn two-golf boy in that big seat. You know, I think this is actually this a racial stick too. That's what they're like. A little kid is a runnin' away from it. I'm way too fine this money. I'm going to find this money. I'm going to put that on, okay. I want to put it. You're private. I'm going to see the wheel, too, don't you? All right. All right. I'm going to look like it's been sitting there. Steve is coming off of it, okay. Steve is coming off of it, okay. Steve, Steve is coming off of it? Yes. He's in. He's in. He's in. He's in. How long, yeah? I am taking this as a thrusters. Okay. What you need to do is you need to bring that shirt back. And we'll match it up. We have a lineup. We'll match it up with the other turds that we have. Well, what you need to do is learn how to use a pull. We see, and I can bring the shirt back to me? No. You know what? Is this a sample? No. I'm starting to like it. I'm going to keep it as a fat. Well, keep it. So this is a nice book. You know what? This is a nice conversation piece. Okay. Cool. Okay. Thank you. It's a beautiful set of salooned. I think we ought to put that cover. We're a CD. Like coming soon. Put it on our website. No. Is that possible? Of course. Can it be done? It's a great thing. I think everybody wants to take a look. Puked it. Yeah. We'll give that. Now, what was that one bit? Where was talking about dingo berries? Who was dingo berries? I don't want to tell you who I was thinking about during that bit. It's your brought some with close to home, I guess. Anyway, we're asking on our pull today. Which of these people most represents an ugly sexual racial or ethnic stereotype? I don't know what her name was in a movie, but the black lady who played the in Magdoria. Remember the coppid to the house and had a like hand covered by a house. I was. She was dynamite. My Tyson, 135. My Tyson. And he was a lady addition. He came from nowhere and just swept by the field. Friend, Russia who looked like she was a lock 103. Barbara, Christan 58. Jim J. Bullock 34. Jackie, Mason's got 30. Christopher Lowell, 27. Jerry, sign felt 21. Dripping with New York Jewishness. Charles Nelson, Riley 16, Eddie Murphy 16. Indiana Gross, late in 15. And she was a very late addition. She's zooming up the list. And Rosie Perez, 14. Everybody else single digits. 11 before two, we got a mad dog from Schulers in Key West. Another tough assignment, two to four the sack. No, not a Humper, 4 to 6 30. And the Braves and a Marlins last home game for a while. And it looks like it may be a sellout. Can we give for a little credit for that? Yes, God. Scott told it out. You got Don Trell on the mound. George is going to be there. And the Miguel is going to be Luis Miguel. Yeah, I'll be on the mound. And Peter boys going to be there swimming around in the pool. Looking for finds some fish in the sea. If you called the telematric yet, well, what are you waiting for? If you haven't 1 800 mattress, it's the easy to smart the most simple piece of shopping. You can never do for a great name brand mattress. No hassles. Not that going into a showroom paying for their big overhead. Do what I've been doing. And a lot of smart people do. It call 1 800 mattress. That once simple call will prove to you that these people have got delivery down to a science. You pick the eight in time to figure schedule when it's convenient for you. It's a two hour window like between two to four, four to six. Whatever soon. You have to waste the whole day sitting on your ass and then maybe finding they won't show up at all. That'll mattress will be there. And that'll mattress delivered evenings, weekends, holidays, even on the fourth of July. Whatever it's most convenient for you. Maybe you're thinking about one of those Swedish foam mattresses. You see in those special these doors. Well, that'll mattress carries tempered pedic. And they also have all the big brand names like Serta. Simmons King Corbin, Siglia, Discount, everyday prices. So I have in the biggest mattress door in the country. Just a simple phone call away. Do like Miguel has done. And most of the rest of us too. Call yourself 1 800 mattress. Get a great new mattress. And the people at dialometrist. Nothing to be easier. They'll show up on time. Set up the brand new one for you. Take out the crappy old vetting. Do it all for you. So don't wait any longer. Pick up the phone right now and call 1 800 mattress. 1 800 mA TT RES for dialometrist. The easiest and the smartest way to get you a great night sleep. Or you can check them on the web if you like at macros.com. We're supposed to be a new five six hour. You a M. Parnished with the sewer of this place. And you walk free back night. Just go tell you where I did your way. All right. You know she told me that she liked it. But I'm behind. Right though. I didn't want to tell her. Well, what about your use? Get your But you won't sleep at night You can tell the tell you like it's going away It was like a bomb that just kept exploding I have a girlfriend It's an exciting city Come down, I just asked if that's the one station It's back all these re-holes It's barquette this person, they never spark It's an exciting city The wind in her heart, you there I felt the key behind me It's the universe telling you they're so out here Getting in tan lady Maybe it's the universe telling you all good ones are capable I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy What do you look like? I can't remember This is what happens when I really like someone It just remember if I feel it Or, it's the hungry first park I'm listening to the man It's the map, you're the toast to the jail The ball guy's calling is fading Come on, come on All very long shoes Yes No, no, no, it's way No, yes You find out what they will do What about walking yourself I'd rather just different myself You know when I was in lesbian I saw that coming I could get in and out with nothing more than a family one Well, you're off the quiet What is there inside? Oh my god, I just keep jumping Woo From the band of bad, she's all the same So why did you just say jumping? Never know who's still real I'm so happy Come on I want to someday night Now they always look so bad And they say the same Kiss my golden feet Hold And sex and a suggestion I feel the key we chose We're the way girl, we're she playing I'll bring one, I'll pick for me Bro, as I go, she had it made So he was a day I didn't know who you were today I want no black people to get in We can't wait to do that And like one thing's gone for you again I'm overguided, no was strange Finally, what's the thing to say? She went out the run over and gray Going one more night The Middle Eastern world Will be exploded to dominate people killed With the gas that we sold him First time a crescer nation And the only one that's going Now more blood will be spilled To get that oil flowing Forget about Korea The nook they're told to let the right queen Is feeling it over and over to our head That Iraq has some That business of mass destruction Three thousand people killed Our now forgotten let's exploit him Instead a there's oil to be causing going after Set down to play Keto summer There's no longer mention of The name is lotters but no it seems concerned I'll be in complacent Believe in every word of this cartel It's been a situation that controls us by fear Through the idea of manipulation and a right queen Is feeling it over and over and over to our heads That Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction Oh, can we hear you, boy? The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying We're all suspects now not the ice-croft is saying I have nothing to hide Table partners all are saying I know beating cattle don't have any reservation Out of provoked fatulence world and isolation Old regimes must fall and have a virgin and so With no objection at all Till the crap don't have the false answer Right queen is feeling it over and over It to our parade waspander Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction Only Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction By by by The weather show unficed It's a new joy My name is for my name Yo yo let's rape Oh, the body's a mood