I wanted that. Looking at the congratulations, get alive. Woo! It's Saturday morning, join. Pull the Winkled Game Oats and his volleyball ace at Tom Hussein. Oh, run off that count. Miss adventures are they rocking and pulling off? TV, TV, TV, TV, TV. You died in the name of your father, Fee. Okay, give me that crystal ball. Ah! Second Eagle, up in the role of the baby, the bunker. Perhaps a poem will help. The damn, the damn, your one-wacked out dude. And just like your oil, you're a family and groom. Ha ha! And most did you say your square of friends? Oh, you mean Rocky? Sure, he's over there. He's over there. He's over there. Oh my! Okay! What do you know about this? To the hell? Don't ask me. Ask my anti-80. Anti-80. And the aircraft. Ha ha! Join us next time for oils well at N's Well or Kiss your Gaskot Bar. Hey, most what weather forecast for today. For me. Oh, oh. Here, Rocky and Bullwing though. Saturday morning on New Galodia. Well let's hear it for George and a great job he did last week. Come on. Come on, let's get with it. Oh, there you go. 1688 votes on your pool. Pretty heavy duty. Yeah, it was the weekend. Who's been the worst president last time, but he is George Anston Friday. And between talking about it's an Ocee. That's a new one. Well, I'm going to get to know what we have to censure our language on here. We don't want to get to, you know, don't we have balls? Isn't that, oh, don't be saying that. We'll get to that moment here. And of course I try to, before I started on the air today, try to get to the definitive word from Muff who has no balls and we all know that. But he, let me, I said, what's the story? Is that a little more upper down anyway? Like that. But we'll get to that series. Wacky Jackie Thompson's after it again. He's after the hurricanes and he's after the dolphins and after the panthers. Only the hurricanes, uh, cave in Donashe Layla. Calling up Greg Reed. That billboards disgusting. We got balls. I had to write the news to you, Donna, but every sports station in America. Only wish that we could take the quitter for being original enough or not. Since promotion is not our middle name. But every sports station to country uses that in their advertising. We got balls, you know. And here's the, here's the woman that was Secretary of H.H. She's under President blow job and she's all offended because we got the U.M. logo on a billboard that says WQ and we got balls. Oh my god, Donna. I bet you, Janet Reno's got bigger balls than Greg Reed. Don't you think? Absolutely. I mean, Greg, if you came into this, I would seriously. You talk about U.C. Well, that's what I can say. He, the pussy is what he is. Right. See, there's times you can sit and times you can't sit. And you can't sit. Oh, because if you sit, we know what you're thinking about. WQM general manager Greg Reed. So the station will grant you labels. Wish by either removing U.M's logo or taking down the billboard. Oh my god. So I think I told Muffer. I think what we ought to do is take that billboard. Put a big picture of Greg Reed on there with some duck tape over his mouth. And it just says WQM no balls. Now, good idea. Sure. If he caves into that, this is a man. Every time somebody farts, he's ready to throw in the towel. Okay, whatever you say. Wow. Anyway, everything he's not over there. The good thing he's not over there. The outskirts of Baghdad, you know? Embedded? Embedded? Oh, don't get me started. I'm going to get to that moment here. If I hear that word one more freaking time. Embedded? Embedded crap. So how about that Michael Moore at the Oscars last night? I've invited the fellow documentary nominees on the stage with us. And we would like to... They are here. They are here in solidarity with me. Because we like non-fiction. We like non-fiction and we live in fictitious times. We live in the time where we have fictitious election results. That elects a fictitious president. We live in a time where we have a man sending us to war for fictitious reasons. Whether it's the fictitious of duct tape or the fictitious of orange alerts. We are against this war, Mr. Bush. Shame on you, Mr. Bush. Shame on you. I feel like that. Oh, you didn't get to the bank part. Van for about what do you mean? About the Pope. And if you got the Pope, you think the same way as that? Your back is up. Same thing with you. What do you got to hold something back? Oh, see you never learned. You got to hold a little bit of socks up. Sorry. Van for me for 15 seconds, okay? I guess they're cleaning up in a hallway. And it's not like somebody was coming in the door. Oh, no. Not a home in baby. Maybe we can have a guest on a show, huh? Maybe it's suds. 1688 votes on your pool from Friday. Who's been the worst president last hundred years? George W. Bush wins hands down your pants. Oh, let's hear it for the W. Myster. Inspired of the freepers. 776 votes 46%. So W was the worst president last hundred years. And you know what? Anybody that voted for that? So we're not even close. And the poll wasn't close either. By any standard Jimmy Carter 208 Bill Clinton 188 Bubba with a blue grass on George 8 Bush George Herbert Walker Bush 113 Read his lips. Ronald Reagan 104. He forgot how good he was. Richard Nixon only 103. How do you like that? That's what you don't know what that is. And it's the age factor. Right. Don't you don't you notice as you go down the list? I mean, let's face it. We don't have them any 110 year olds listening. Right. A few. Lyndon B John. See, look at the drop off from Nixon Johnson Nixon 103 LBJ only 49. The man at the help the spring 58,000 kids back in body bags from Vietnam only 49 for LBJ. How soon they forget? Gerald Ford 35 Herbert Hoover 34. Warren G Harding 24 in the T-Pod dome. Remember that? No. T-Pod dome scandal? No. And then he died and gave us silent kill. Calvin Coolidge. I know my president's Mr. I don't know anything else. John F. Kennedy 17. You know who those people all were. Oh, yeah, all your people. Come on East. Come on East. William Howard now. Well, this is this is so in vain. You know, these polls. William Howard Taff had 12. What can you tell me distinguishing about William Howard Taff? Didn't he have a mustache? Yeah. All right. He had a big fat head in the big mustache. That's it. And Teddy Roosevelt replaced him when glasses in the big fat head in the bigger mustache. William Howard Taff had 12. I have no idea why. Calvin Coolidge 9. Franklin Roosevelt 5, which that's, I mean, whatever. Harry Truman had four. Woodrow Wilson 3. Why doesn't our three and Teddy Roosevelt had only one? So you take those bottom several in their level. All of them after Johnson or small potatoes. Even after Nixon or small potatoes. So there's what the audience says. George W. Bush, the worst president in the last hundred years. And of course, that's unpatriotic to say that because you American people are so many of them are so. And listen, I can't blame them in a large part because first of all, education sucks. And number two of the media, you talk about propaganda and brainwashing. You can't complain about the coverage of the war on the American news net. You're just making that out. You have 30% news and 70% propaganda because we've got all these guys embedded. That's right, they're embedded. So they have no objectivity, no credibility. They're part of the care of and it's, on one hand, showing them just just barreling through the desert, unimpeded. And then you turn over to the BBC or the, uh, CBC. Interesting. So what, uh, our, our caster is not in a, uh, a lion's hands yet. What do we call it now is that the alliances at the, uh, coalition. The coax sees me. Yeah, used to be the allies. Now the coalition is just only like basically two. Australia's got a few in it and there's 70 pox. That's it. American Britain against the world. 80,000 people marched into Rotterior on Saturday against the war. 200 and some thousand in New York. Hundreds of thousands, probably over a million people all around the world, marching protesting every day. Oh, yeah. Are they listening? No, that it is not. Did you know, well, you see a lot of it on the BBC and the CBC because they're actually showing objective news as opposed to propaganda. And anybody out there, this is just a little viewing tip. You do what you want. It's a free country at least as of this moment to a point. But, uh, if you want to find out what's going on in the world, do not watch CNN. Not just because I hate CNN because they're trying to outright win even fox. I mean, they're, they're so militant now. They're like shooting each other on cash. Yeah, I got you. But they're, they're so far behind. They're so far behind even MSNBC that it's laughable. And here they claim that they're the worldwide news network. They're like an hour to an hour and a half behind everything. And I will say this. Thanks to me. Last week, well, what one of those was it? It was a week ago Friday already. I don't know. It couldn't have been. It was this last Friday. It's right. I see. I keep thinking I'm confused because I said in here, I ended up to the show, which I apologize for, you say it was great. Everybody loved that. And I've facts to you, the information from a city pulse news here in Toronto. I fact you because they had it on before anybody that the, a shock and on all the other crap was going to start within the hour, schlock and flaw. So you had it on before even the network said it on. Right. And sure enough, let's do, I think we had it on about quarter after 11. And like about 10 past noon, blah, blah, blah man, the big one started dropping. So how do you like that? WQA and with our vast news resources around the world. We are beat everybody on that. Now we got another one of these Tommy Franks deals. Come on, speak Tommy, speak. And he don't want to say anything. Well, you can even see the, there's zero. Yeah, I'm sorry. I thought it was on your end. We found a number of these aircraft in a variety of places including in some cases near Cemetery's. The second image is an air. Well, we don't want to do images on a radio doing. Probably not a good idea. Okay, before we get all the other good stuff in my feelings about this, I'll read just a illegal so-called war before we talk about that. And let me just tell you right now, you can say whatever you want. It's a free country. All right. But if you think you're going to convince me, you're going to be in a very, very sorry state by the time you hear the dial tone because it ain't going to happen. It's not going to happen. Nobody's going to sell me on this well or finding these weapons of mass destruction. Now these chemicals, they found a, yeah, and as if we didn't know they got weapons of mass destruction. You know, just think of the irony about us using as an excuse for invading Iraq. The fact that we know that they have weapons of mass destruction first of all, number one, a got them from us. Hmm. Number two, while these gigantic explosions, these enormous cruise missiles are blowing off and bagged that blowing up all these buildings. While innocent people are dying thankfully not as many as might have been so far, but there will be on both sides. And we're talking about weapons of mass destruction. So pathetic will be amusing. It will be hysterically funny. Like yesterday, the righteous and the nation about, they're violating the G. If a convention away, they're treating our prisoners of war. And I should tell you the BBC and the CBC both showed all of the footage. Okay. And yes, the bodies it was grizzly was disgusting. But guess what? Haven't we all seen the pictures of the American troops being dragged naked through the streets of Somalia? Have we seen those a million times? Yeah. Have we seen the treatment by the Americans? In fact, our embassy international and human rights watch both have condemned the United States. Far treatment of the Taliban prisoners in Gitmo have they not sure. Didn't we have the one prisoner down there who died after allegedly being tortured? I excuse me, interrogated the right question. Yeah. Interviewed. Let me do the break. Okay. See now you get me all worked up. Then we'll get to the days pool. And I'll listen to some of the stuff from these people. And we also will throw on as soon as they get through them with this propaganda conference. Here we'll throw on some of the real news. But I'll tell you one more time. And it's not any one of them. It's not just fox with their right wing propaganda, which I don't watch. And I couldn't get it here anyway. I don't want to see it. It's all of them. The three commercial networks see it in MSNBC. It's 90% I said 70. I was underestimating 90% propaganda 10% news. And this business of being embedded with the troops. What a wonderful way. You know, like Bob Arnitz says on MSNBC. Well, you know, we spent so much time with these individual soldiers. We get to know them. We have a personal feeling for them. Well, we're so where's the object? If there's no news coverage in there. And while they're showing David Bloom roaring with the tanks through the desert in a meantime, we're only seeing even Rumscold admitted, we're only seeing slices of what's really going on. You damn right, we are. Because while on the butcher, we is going on and bars run all these other places. All because are all that stuff. We're not getting to see that. So you're getting selective coverage from the embedded journalists who have a, You get the. Take your own shit. Nope. I'm sure you will. My 13 at five, 60 WQM. You're still reluctant about earning a bed over the phone. I can't imagine why because over a million people have done it, including me. And hundreds more, I do it every week from our friends at dialometres. We talk about dialometres all the time because they're the best in the business. And every day when you wake up in a morning if you had a great night sleep, you feel a lot better. Call 1-800-MATT-RES right now. And you'll have a great night sleep guaranteed from the good folks at dialometres. They got the best in the world, too. All the top brands, no operands. They've got silly, sir. The Simmons King coil every size and style imaginable. They're ranked number one customer satisfaction, too. They got more repeat and referral customers than anybody else. He caused they know how to treat you right. And once you buy my first from dialometres, you'll never go back to slept around to those vetting and departments, doors to get ripped off again. And don't forget when you do buy from dialometres, they set up the brand new and take away the old vetting for free. You heard me write dialometres sets up the new vetting and takes away your crappy old smelly soiled stain vetting for free. So I'm like the easy call now. You get a great night sleep for months and years to come. Call 1-800-MATT-RES 1-800-MACRES for our friends at dialometres. This is sports-winny, vice-esports. You way am. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You're a bear. You know, is it real or is it sad? Is it memory ex huh? Let's check that mold. I have to keep chuckling every time we see another one of these videos. He had another one this morning in case you missed it. Another press conference or not a press conference. The another tape addressed to the Iraqi people. They don't do too many press conferences over there. No. And again, the same old business. Well, we don't know what he made this tape. Okay. Maybe he made like 500 tapes. Maybe he's been just taping away, you know? Sounds awful. Like Daisy Rool over again. Doesn't like with Osama Yamama. Is he dead? Is he alive? Then these tapes keep popping up. Anyway, here's our poll today. Which of these statements best describes your feeling about the Iraq attack? Now, maybe more than one of these might, you know, you might agree with, but which of these statements best describes your feeling about the Iraq attack? Six choices. It's about liberating the Iraqi people. It's long overdue. Let's roll. It's all about oil and world domination. It's mostly political. It's a grotesque waste of human life. Or Iraq represented no threat to the USA. Got some good choices on there. You know, sure, tough choices. If you ask me, it's about liberating the Iraqi people. It's long overdue. Let's roll. Oh, it's all about oil and world domination. It's mostly political. It's a grotesque waste of human life. Or Iraq represented no threat to the USA. Those are your six choices on your rages.com. The poll is up now. I believe. Or we just deal with it. I voted. Huh? I voted. Well, how come I don't see anything. Maybe it's only up for us. Oh, that's why I said in reading. Yeah, some of the air hasn't put it up for the general public yet. Let's take a look. Reload. Let's take a look. Error very slowly, but not so sure. I don't have time to waste with that. Not it's not. It should be up now, Error. Sometimes like in our lifetime would be good. I can't wait. What a great job. Carlos did over the weekend with our bedtime stories. And with that little nice little banner on your nails coming back from vacation. Oh, baby. Since the radio station always does such a great job. Our pony things like that. That's what we got those in the lower boards, baby. What we do need today is a spy report. No, seriously. Since what was clueless is usual. We need a spy report from the audience that one on 441 North of Sheridan Street. The one that says we got balls. We need to find out a if they build more to steal up and b if the U.M. Logo is still on there. I think we're changing it to we had balls. Yeah, we would be good. We had balls and don't forget, by the way. Okay. Big blow. So if there's anybody after who wonders over the years why I've developed this intense distaste for the University of Miami and everything associated with it. Here's another classic example of the kind of blue nose, holier than now, Anatuity and it doesn't make any difference. Whether it's Donna Shalaila or anybody that preceded her, it's just the same mentality. Our stuff don't stink, man. Even with a history of crap that's going on in that university. Oh my god, that's our radio sits disgusting. You're right, wacky, Jackie. We got to call Greg and make sure they take us off. And we don't want to be associated with something as filthy as we got balls. Man. Lighten up just a little witty sweetheart. I should we take a call or two since I see we only got a couple on a board anyway. And I will have to get to your big contest there with your hot George can't get lead contest. Okay. Here's Miramar, hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. Michael Moore for President, man. Yeah, amen. Before I forget, fully for column 9, I don't want DVD April 22nd. I preordered mine last night. Oh, excellent. Yes. And I don't know what Schmuck's were doing. I know Schwarz is a thing over there. And you see, let me make sure people understand. Most of those people said afterward that they were bullying not his stand on the war or on push. But they were bullying the fact that he was out of, they didn't like the decorum of. And other was his inappropriate because they'd be seats to them all to keep their mouth shut. No, it would have been much better for them to plug their new movie coming out on the right. That's right. That's exactly right. You know, and I heard so much crap about artists shouldn't be allowed to protest or say anything. And I thought, why is it that they who took away their right to free to my speech? Why can't they make an statement like, I can't or you can't or anybody else? Which leads me to try and exact observation about what qualifies as news in this country. The multi-tentacle C.C. radio company, they're running what they call C.C. news. But all it is is Yahoo's mollum of the country calling in their opinions. Your opinion is not news. Right. Unless it's Fox News channel. Also, you'll be, if I can interrupt or we're saying you'll be, please do know that clear channel communications over the weekend, sponsored in Fort Wayne and three or four other media markets around the country. Pro War rallies. Pro War troop rally. Like, third channel communication. Good for them. And I'll up to here with what what's the community saying about. I really don't care. I got my own opinion and which leads me to the other observation. Probably general serving is expert. Yeah. Thank God we get a lot of retired generals and admirals and whatever. Why sat there watching a bro call who I think otherwise, that a pretty good job. But they sent them with four retired military guys. And you know what? Remind me of? The NFL today on Fox. Yeah. Same kind of mentality. Well, you just don't know what flight could tell you. Been there. Yada Yada Yada. Then I put photo roll. That other general, the Capri who you see the drugs are. Mm-hmm. With our Tati Quirk, she never got to finish a sentence. I kept wishing she would grab him by the gr orange. They pal. I make 14 million. This is my sandbox. Let me finish a sentence. Yeah. I'm not that I care what she says. But it just shows what ill-mannered Yahoo is some of these military guys can be. I, you know, I, I, I want to say these guys come back alive as possible. At the point if we support the troops, we should want all arrest them. The ones who are still alive and are one piece to come back alive as soon as possible. And not continue to be a battalion insanity, which is all over. But they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're all to be talking about. They're doing violating the Geneva Convention. And they're doing this illegally and so on and so forth. This war is illegal. This war is in total violation of the UN Convention. It, it's totally illegal invasion. If this, if that was the problem, why didn't we send all the lawyers over there? We sent soldiers, right? Yeah. I mean, it, it, it's just nonsense. And let's face it, uh, and also let me point out, which I'm sure you've seen it over the weekend. They've shown hundreds and thousands of Iraqi prisoners who have surrendered. Right. And they've shown them with their hands over their heads and marching in. And some of the footage went on for a considerable period of time. Why is it not acceptable for us to humiliate them by putting the money showing their faces? That's okay. But it's not acceptable for them to put on a face of the American POWs. I mean, you can't defend what they did. It's grotesque in their bushes and barbarians. But, uh, we do the same thing. I think the only difference is when, when our, what they're showing, you're right about the bias. I flip over to BBC and you're absolutely right. It is, it's like a different world. It is, it's funny. Because they're involved. They're on our side and, and they don't have problems telling the And the best part of it is the CBC, which is not involved in the more thing goodness. The CBC is the best of them all. The most objective and they've been ripping the crap out of the American Networks. I love it. That's fake yours. Oh, one more thing. Yes sir. I had noticed Fox has sent, I don't watch Fox. Well, they've sent their dream team over there. Hoorah, although in Oli. Oh, there you go. Yeah. Now I feel safe. Have a great day. Fight the power, Neil. Thanks. Yeah, I can see I'm going to be, you know, your way out there on the limb Neil 75% of the country is I couldn't care if it was 95% of the country are buying it as full crap because the American public is brainwashed. Let me give you one example real quick example of the kind of behavior the American public isn't. And you're dealing with stupid, stupid people for the most part. So they had the incident the hockey game in Montreal a few nights ago where they booed the American National Anthem, which was grow test and unacceptable. And of course, that's the frogs I've always told you. The French Canadians, the French and France, the French are pigs. I've always told you that a lot before any of this business with a war. And so what happens at the macarina when Ottawa plays there on Saturday night? They play the Canadian National Anthem, O Canada. And a lot of those brilliant Panther fans, I shouldn't say Panther fans, they're just, they're just assholes in seats, you know, free tickets. And so they respond, if you want to act, Boris will guess what, we can show you what Boris really is and we'll put you to shame. So we'll vote, boo, O Canada. I mean, time, Buffalo played the Leafs here in the Air Canada Center on Saturday night with a Pat crowd as always. And when they play the American National Anthem, that way, they're no booze, but the crowd was applauding and cheering and singing the National Anthem all the way through. Oh, that's a difference. But of course, well, you know, Canada, they're not joining with us. So it's all those Canadians, 72% of Canada by the way, and it pulls over to we can agree with Prime Minister Kretchen, they're opposed to the war in their glad he didn't participate. Yeah, but they're brainwashed. And that doesn't mean, and you'll notice in these demonstrations around the world, the one thing that's consistent. We don't hate America. We don't hate Americans. We hate George W. Bush in this administration. Just keep that in mind. I know it's very complex for the Nimble of Merckon mind. And I can see we have one call on the board. So this is amazing to me. This is astonishing to me. But the American public just, you know, so brainwashed and they can't separate the for it, the wheat from the chief, you know? They don't hate the American people, but they hate this in the administration and they hate what they're doing, which is easy for me to understand. 927 at 560 WQM audio homeowners out there is there anything worse than going out to the backyard especially when it's 100 degrees outside like lately. For a nice refreshing swim, you look at it. They're once beautiful pooliers and saying, holy crap, what happened here? Your pool is stained, you'rety might be cracking. I don't look at that mess anymore. Just say no mow ugly pool and call our friends at Atlantic Marseille. These guys aren't pool guys. We're going to cleaning the surface out of a pickup truck. They are real construction company uses full time employees, not subcontractors. Atlantic Marseille specializes in the most incredible innovation at the pool business diamond bright. Atlantic Marseille's been pouring it on for 12 years, their license and ensured professionals, they even train other companies internationally how to do diamond-briding right. And they'll give you the same price to give to the contractors. So whether you're in North Miami, Browder, Palm Beach, call these folks they do a super job for you at Atlantic Marseille. They're the biggest installers of diamond bright anywhere in South Florida. They'll come to you give you a free estimate with no obligation. They also perform pool and deck renovations custom lightning pool heating exotic water features too. For the very best called Atlantic Marseille tool free, 1-800-55888-800. Tarnished with the sewer of this place.ะตั Niyeiederolar whores arm battery battery So they will win some bail. Most of them at that main, it's moving over 15 years. Why are there so many stars? And how we would, who think we can't wear these stay out of our wall. Baby, go, here's the confusion. They're under the ocean light, white, full and there for a while. And I don't want to say that Michael's house. Susan, so when the time comes and we'll be on, send them all the tell of reals. Yeah, but white modern stuff. Let's find we've given, and they'll be too sick of it. Oh, how they're moving somewhere. 933 at 5.60 WCM. So the markets that were zooming up there, turning into the week after the bombing started. Just zooming up the down. Well, already it's only been open three minutes. It's a down I'm 19 and as day down 35. And they were saying, well, they saw the initial shock in awe. And this is going to be a real clean and accepted war. It's going to be a piece of cake. And it's going to be just a cake walk through a rack. And we're going to go in a bag dead. We're going to knock them all off. And set up a wonderful democratic government. And that's going to be like that. Just like we did in Afghanistan, I'm not. Not right. And you see, this takes me back to Vietnam because it was exactly the same thing. In the beginning, every war is always the same. The people are as predictable as the weather on the North Pole. In the beginning, as soon as the first bomb start dropping, everybody jumps on a bad wagon because again, don't confuse the American people with thinking. Supporting our troops, which we all do hopefully, supporting our troops is not the same as supporting the government. And supporting the country isn't the same as supporting whatever corrupt administration happens to be empowered this given moment, which is the case right now. And as far as I'm concerned, there are all a bunch of crows. My feeling at this point is I wouldn't believe anything the American government said under any circumstances. I'd have to triple check it. It was Bush, whether it was Bubba No. No. No. No. Whether it was Tom Dashle with his big stupid mouth. They're all a bunch of embassy. They're all a bunch of crooks. And here we have all these people being butcher these innocent lives. These little children, some of America's finest young people are over there. Second of a day, did you see my, I don't know if they showed the pictures. Anywhere down there, again, they showed the steel pictures. But if we were to see the actual interviews of these prisoners of war, they're scared, crapless. Which we don't blame them, you know? They're not going to be the other five of the bodies that they showed. Or maybe they were executed. This goes on. This is Warman. This is Hell. Where's the cakewalk? It's not just some wonderful glorious flag waving of head. Where you just go in there and roll through a baby and look it on a pole. There we got the 16 people saved long overdue. Let's roll. Let's roll. War by cliche. Well, we're embedded with a hundred and first. And then how about that episode with Camp Pennsylvania, huh? Yeah. All of these crazy things we shoot down a British plane by accident was friendly fire. Here's a time of happiness. Oops. Sorry, too late. And speaking of missiles, there was a good documentary on CBC over the weekend. Take out for the CBC. Oh, I can tell you. And it was all about the first go for it. About the scud vessels and the racy on corporation, who manufactured the scuds. And here was President George Herbert Walker Bush, bush 41, bush number one or whatever you want to call them, which could be a lot of things. And he's honored proudly announcing that thanks to the scud missiles we were able to knock down 37 or 39. We intercepted the scuds that said I'm loved. She said, for you slip. That said I'm loved at Israel. Yeah. Then they go to Moshe Errens, who was the Israeli defense minister at that time. He says, well, that's news to us because by our count 39 or 39 they missed. They didn't hit any of them. But in the meantime, Raytheon, thanks to the bush administration with selling patriot missiles in Israel, the first version to cut these all over the world. They were making millions and millions and maybe billions of dollars. On patriot missiles that in those days, 20 years or 12 years ago didn't work. But you just keep believing all the bull crap and a propaganda you get from your networks and you know, you're continuing to be ignorant. And as far as the Hollywood reason, I played that bit. And the other caller alluded to it. Why is it necessary to keep restating the obvious? Are they American people really that stupid? Yeah. Well, you know, these people have a right to speak. And why do we have to keep doing this? Screamer about what they know the protestors. They've got her right. Yeah. And is that something new? Like every time a bunch of people protest the action to the government and the USA, we have to, we have to keep reminding people, well, they've got to right to do that. Yeah. Haven't they always had that right alleged? Except it can't state. But you know, some accidents there. Yeah. This to me is like Vietnam all over again. And the same thing there. And that's Hannahway Jane. And it's all these bad people. And John Collins and all these other rattle-rousing. Yeah. That was in the beginning. And then years later, probably years later, when we couldn't get out of there, we had a 58,000 kids coming home and body bags. We had to leave with our tail between our legs. Finally. Then everybody was on it. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Then they were all running around marching with peace signs. They forgot. I see. Well, I didn't forget. And thank God for people like my feral and Martin Sheen, some of these other people. I'd have the balls to get up and say, you know, this is a pile of crap. Sure, these people are respected because of the fact that, yeah, whatever that is that they do. And so they have a right to use their, uh, bully pulpit or whatever you want to call their forum to express an opinion. Why not? Who the hell of these assholes in Congress running around like Tom Dash on all these other any of mu pick one? Pontificating. One, they say in what you should have seen the interview. See, the interview. See, they would join it, words over the weekend. And he was foaming at the mouth because they were asking questions he didn't like. You know, Janet, words from North Carolina without the thing on his lip. Well, we got to support our troops and Baba Baba, but they have weapons of Ask destruction. See, make up your mind is about weapons of Ask destruction, which it will be if they find these chemicals turn out to be something evil. Is it about regime change? Is it about liberating the Iraqi people? It's kind of like a multiple choice war. You pick into side, which one of these? It's really all about which one do you like best? I don't like any of them. What I like best is bring it everybody home alive and stop the butcher, and stop lying to the goddamn American public and stop doing things for fun and profit for the American Nazi party, which is basically what we got in Washington at stole the goddamn government. Michael Moore is right on target boys and girls. Right on target. We had an election stolen from the public right in front of our eyes. And you know something to bottom line to all of this speaking of the media coverage? None of this, none of it. Underlined a word none. Not one I owed of any of the stuff that's happened last two years could possibly have happened without the American media. Well, and I'm not just talking about television. I'm talking about like a Washington Post. It's been all done whole on his war. The American media meant so all this crap about wow, the left wing bias is a bunch of bullcrab. Now you got seen in this really, radically trying like I said before to outright wing the Fox News network because Fox is still whipping her ass. So well everybody out there please take two quick steps to the right, two quick, go steps to the right and then maybe we'll be on target. So to speak. Tommy Francis, pontificating by the way. Press. Asian press. There you go. That's reason I'm not putting it. I'll put some stuff on later when there's new news or something that's going on. Well, you know, have you run on top of it? But he's just pontificating and again, I'm not knocking him, but you know, he's doing his job. Just like when we were interrogating those prisoners of war yesterday and they said to them, what are you doing here in the response was I'm doing my job. Why did you come here? I was told to undo my job. And isn't that sad? And I got a very sad story that somebody facts me here about one of the first casualties of war. I'll get to that. Makes you want to cry. I'm going to ramble on here, man. Cause you know, and I see this a couple of calls here in there. It's typical software response. I don't give a crap. And I also don't give a crap if there's anybody out there. There's one. If you don't want to hear it turn on the doctor lower and hear it. Tell everybody against the wars of coming is bringing back that old crap. I thought other than trying that the communist were pretty much all gone. Not according to Dr. Laura, quite a while. I was trying to encourage you. I'm trying to forget. I'm trying to forget. But let me go, won't let me. 941. So what are we going to do that? It's an Oce thing of yours. It's ready to go. So as they put it up there, we got some pictures in. So that's good to go. Well, now how are we going to do that? Cause I'm going to have to do this. Huh? It's just another poll. The pictures will go up there. They'll probably go up there. We do that poll tomorrow. What poll? The who's hot? Yeah. We could, but we want to give the prize a way to more of the convention. Start something on Wednesday. Yeah, but we can do it like in the first hour. Okay. Cause that'll give the audience a chance to look at the pictures once we get them up there on our website. And they evaluate them and squeeze themselves a little bit. And it's not going to work for them. Whenever and give it a way tomorrow. Right. Okay. So we'll do that the first hour. Cause I don't want to take this poll down right now because it might be a little something more important in terms of public opinion than whether who's got the hottest to ask. No, we don't need to take it. But I was speaking of hot ask. You know who looked. I didn't watch the Oscars last night because I was busy watching war stuff. But I did turn it on for a few minutes here and there. You know who really looked good last night. I hate to admit it. I give up. J. L. Oh, well from the next. She knows. She looked really good. I hate to admit that because you know, good makeup. I guess. I'm not just talking about her body. I mean, her nipples, of course, were piercing out through that very tight thigh didn't see her face. But her post actually looked pretty good and her face wasn't bad either. 942. What? Sorry. Hato Thru up on the website on the front page. If you click on the hot couple thing. It's already there and people can vote on it right now without taking that poll off. Also they can vote on that separate. Yes. Yes. Between Eric and Carlos man, these guys are just. You're going to. Pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty. All you fat people out there that's a great story that's digging hit it just to you. I've lost five pounds in three days by the way. Oh. And you know what I'm doing? I'm doing the actons. A very strict actons. Yeah. I'm just in just telling you. I'm doing a very very strict actons. I've lost five pounds in three days. I'm doing all. I sound much better. I feel alive. You look good too. I look lovely. Not good. From long distance. Anyway, Delightse West spoke is the super store for the actons that are any low carb sugar free diet. It continues to add new low carb food products every day of your life. Now, the lights is introducing how about about P.D.L.E. is he still there by the way? The lights is introducing three new flavors at a low carb crunchy rackage chips and new low carb brownies bar carb control and forward delicious flavors with only one carb perceiving. So whether it's carb alone ice cream, breads, muffins, cheesecake, pasta and sauces. Or any of the other 600 low carb foods, the lights of West spoke is the place to go. And you can always sample try before you buy it. They got a very knowledgeable staff and no dieting inside. Not to open every day seven days a week from 10 to 10. And at Delightse, they carry the most complete line of acting grant products, the books, the vitamins, the whole smear that are always 25% off all day every day. Atkins diet is rated number one in the world. So after the number one low carb sugar free store anywhere, the lights of West Boca and you'll continue to fight among the Northeast corner of blades in 441 right next to Boston Market or column toll free, 1 8 7 7 low carb or find them on the web at low carb.com. Don't forget, there's only one the lights of West Boca D or official atkins retail center. My life and low all this is 4 20 5 60. Beyond God. Well again, everyone from the Channel 7 News Center. I'm Rick Sanchez with your 60 second Gulf War update. We have some new reports that just came in there are do a spline. So let's move to the Middle East War map. Rick's world if you will and I'll try to explain. Partion everyone, I'm your most excellent anchor Rick Sanchez and with me as always, Sally Fitz, party on sale. Partion Rick called San Pedro lately. Not since I've been back from Houston, people in the business remember but fortunately for me the public has a short memory. Say what about that guy you've flattened? Is he still in a coma? I'm so glad you brought that up, Sally. Not. Anyway, who's saying blew off a couple more scuds at the occupied West Bank but those awesome Patriot dudes intercepted. As you know, the insane who's saying gosh can I turn an original phrase or what? Yes, boys and guests but as I squat over Baghdad. Yes, master. I'll give him a gas of my own. We're saying today said, yeah, look at the, now they are. Not only secret weapon the Americans have the 40 foot colossal news anchor with the chopped lips squatting over my conferring with a smelly gas. My scruoet's all all fleeing but for me I ran but I couldn't hide. Well that's all the time we have for today party on sale party on Rick. I'll sit in squats so you worry not. Rick over our rack for Channel 7 news. One more handsup there Rick is embedded with the Brian Andrews. 948 12 before 10 at 5.60 W to Q. I am so we want to give Felipe it is wife the prize now or should we wait. It's a full fight as well. It's a formality. I mean thank God that this is something you did when you were on George because this is your audience. I mean I don't want to knock it in these very nice people Bob and Nadine. I'm sure our nice folks Monica and her man are normal real people there. Honey and her man and our son is sitting with her boobs hanging out. George George got what he wanted at least half of it. He got a couple of boobs. Yeah. And then speaking of that. Henry and Diane Henry who's a mountain of a man and lovely Diane. Well, so go on. Oh, I don't want to be cruel, but I mean see what I'm saying about people these are hot couples. They're couples. Now how do you vote for these? How do you do? Because I'm going to vote for you. I'm a little clicky on there. Oh, you have a little thing at a moment. You think Monica could use some braces? I could. Well, how do you vote? You have to go to the bottom of the whole thing. What are you going to vote? So that's great. We got two polls going on today. Come on click in there. Click in. How do you how to vote is coming out? Do you think people have voted on this yet? Yeah. I'm looking at it now. Well, how come mine isn't coming out? I don't know. I voted. I'm clicking. I'm clicking over here. Nothing is happening. I got Felipe out there. Go away. A little slow. Here we go. No. It just showed me the pictures again. So 32 votes. I see under each picture it shows you the votes. Two votes for Monica and her man out of 32. Bob and 18 have a pair. Henry and Diane have three. Honey and her man have seven and Felipe and wife have 18. What did I tell you? Sure. Not that it was all identical. But we'll see. I don't want to influence this. I shouldn't have said it. Like I said, I like them all. Don't you? Right. They're one of them. There were these incidents where in one particular place there was the ambush of American Marines and 12 were either killed or missing. And perhaps the more complete picture was that the military may have moved in. But had not necessarily taken control of all areas of the community. And I think the journalists who are operating in Doha are in particular either facing with the military field at somehow they've been misled. Ah, see there we go again. There we go again. The embedded journalists being used by the military to spew propaganda. See that that was from the CBC by the way. If you can watch one hour of the CBC preferably or even the BBC, which is okay. But CBC has been sensational. Canadian broadcasting corp. CBC news world. They're running 24 hours a day with this. And if you're watching one hour, you'd find out more in that hour than you will the whole rest of the day for your so-called news networks in the US of A. Very sad. 95% spin and propaganda. 5% news. 149 votes on our other pool. Which of these statements best describes your feeling about the Iraq attack? It's long overdue. Let's rule 38. It's all about oil and world domination 38. It's a grotesque waste of human life 34. Iraq represented no threat to the US 18. It's mostly political 15. And it's about liberating the Iraqi people. 6. Look at all the peoples in the world who need to be liberated. And like I was saying, the George before the show today, you'll notice these countries in Africa, so many of them. Sure. Thousands and thousands of innocent people are being buttured. Just buttured, right? By the corrupt dictators, by these evil and corrupt dictators. They don't have weapons to mass destruction. What irony is that we're talking about weapons to mass destruction. And we're dropping this enormous 3,000 cruise missiles. 3,000. And then those nice thousand pound bombs. And Mike, how'd you like them all with the mushroom cloud? Yeah. Now stop and think yourself. We're supposed to be combating terrorism. We're supposed to be worried about we already have this bad image around the rest of the world. Back after 9, 11, we had almost the entire civilized world on our side. Everybody was sympathizing with the US. Look what's happened to us. Look at this unprovoked attack. And they were right. And in the next year and a half, this administration has been able to parlay that good will into the most unbelievably bad will any time I can think of certainly in my lifetime. The US has hated and be viled around the world. Not the American people, but this government and the way this government's operating. Make no mistake about it. And certainly in the Arab world, as they're seeing these pictures of these gigantic explosions in Baghdad, you can just imagine the kind of foaming at them off it's going on. How about those Turks, by the way? They better calm down. Having trouble controlling our friends, the Turks, man. They're not too happy about those Kurds. They don't want to lose Kurds in way. And so they may, I don't know why it is, but they keep changing the stories. They said they were 1500 Turkish troops in there on Friday or Saturday. And now they're saying, oh, there's no Turks in there yet. And we're trying to avoid this way from doing it. They're already in there. How many? 1500. Turkish troops. So anyway, this story out of Baltimore. Yeah. One of the first American casualties in the war against Iraq is of Baltimore. Man and his family shared their feelings about the war on Friday. WBALTV 11 News broke the first, the first, the first, the first, the first, right afternoon that of Baltimore, man is among group of Marines killed in the helicopter question side-coate that happened late Thursday night. He's identified as Marine Sergeant, the Staff Sergeant, Kendall Watersby 29 of Northeast Baltimore. He's based out of camp-pedal and California leaves behind four younger sisters in the 10-year-old son who lives in Baltimore. It's sad that his war is going on and that we have to lose so many people over nothing. I can't bring my brother back, but I really miss him one of the soldier's sisters said. WBALTV 11 News reporter Noel Tucker spoke with the Marines father who lives in Northeast Baltimore where friends and neighbors were seen sobbing in the streets, sharing their grief with the family. The family spoke with WBAL news Friday afternoon and shared their feelings against the war. As he held a picture of his son, Walter B's father, Michael, said I want President Bush to get a good look at this really good look here, this is the only son I had, only son. He then walked away in tears with his family behind him. Kenneth Emerine's only son was with the family, a military spokesman, visit the family Friday morning to confirm that Watersby had died in the crash. But the family had a feeling since Thursday night he had died in a helicopter Tucker reported, Walter B's white-saw television footage of the helicopter crash and recognized the identification numbers. The family came to be conclusion that their son brother and husband was on a helicopter and before he left Watersby told his mother, he didn't think he'd be coming home after his deployment. Watersby moved to California with his wife but has been constant contact with a son of the boys mother, Watersby who played football in northern high school in Baltimore was last seen by a son a couple of months ago. According to the family Watersby didn't talk much about the war but said it was something he felt he had to do. There you go. Is there any answer to this today? These people on either side have to die? How about to fight people in Syria on the bus that were hit by the missile at the Wynastrade? They have to die? Oh, by any of the Brits, you realize that 16 as of yesterday, 16 British soldiers had been killed. None of them by the enemy. Yeah. You ready for that? All in friendly fire, other so-called accidents. And you wonder why Canada doesn't want to send troops? Why we're sitting here basically alone in these 40 countries. That Britain was 35 now. It's free. There countries that you couldn't find on a map was to make somebody how the gun you're hit a retree at. What a joke. Yeah. The retree is on our side. Don't forget about that in the martial island. Follow them. Oh, well, get to that. Moreen does got such a great column. Which was on was it on yesterday? Cross. Yeah. Yeah. But I'm going to read it. I'm going to read a couple of bedtime stories. And let me just tell you this as far as this self-righteous indignation. Ensure it was barb-barrack and grotesque. It's just, it just wants to make you tear your guts out. See the pictures of those American soldiers who were POWs, the ones who were slaughtered and the other five were being terrorized. But you know, and it's interesting that rum spelled and Bush both make the comment yesterday. All of the making the rounds on the news shows rum spelled. And Bush comes back from camp David and says, well, you know, if we find out who appropriate rid of these atrocities, if they're not following the Geneva Convention, well, they'll be tried after the war's war criminals. Well, guess where they're going to get tried. I give up. Any international criminal court, which the United States did not join, and I was opposed to in the first place. Ah, the international criminal court, which we don't want any part of. Hmm. How about that? Maybe we'll just try and get them. I mentioned that in passing. 956 and 560WQM, if you want yourself a great pickup, he forced too late. The Emerald Coast Chinese were phased at a place you want to head to. You'll find what in sunrise, North bymigh Beach and their newest location is in. Pressed ages, Pemberg Pines. Start your mouth watering eating spirits with six different soups. Then sampled dozens of delicious on-press oriental and other. All kinds of good stuff. Everything fresh and crunchy, oriental surf and turf on a weekends. New York Stipstick made order to the gourmet center. That's a sizzling Asian grill with karaoke. Stay shrimp chicken, seafood and par par a mub. The Emerald Coast doesn't use any crappy. They'll never walk out of there with a headache. Just a full public. Because they don't use any MSG, no cornstarch and a cook only. With cholesterol free oils. The buffet features a full salad bar, new sushi bar and fresh shrimp cocktail. An Emerald Coast famous lobster fest is back featuring lobster thermators and lobster bisc. One requirement bring a healthy appetite. Try to save room for dessert because the dessert bar is sensational. Pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream, the butterfavorite toppings and fresh fruit. The perfect ending to a gigantic pig out. Emerald Coast relocations like I said. Sunrise and pineapple and a 44th street. Collins Avenue, just north of 163 North bymigh Beach. And at the intersection of Flomigland Pembroke and Pemberg Pines. Emerald Coast except reservations take on Olivia available to. Look for the new Oriental Chicken salad when you go to your next pig out at the Emerald Coast. Call 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. A lot of imitators but the original the Emerald Coast's best Chinese buffet's in the universe. My life and love this is for 3-5-6. You way too way. It's day. It's day. You play on the child. You're a girl. Have five six. Oh, W-U-A-A. Just like High-Fan shows how. Wait, look. Think your word for heart. They also have pressure and voting. That's gas. Oh, no. Holy crap. Exactly. Sorry guys. They need more than just heartburn relief. They need big ol' snacks. Yeah. Maylott's match in a month. Ha ha ha. That's heartburn relief. What's strong gas really? Hey, lots of snacks. I said it treat diarrhea. Yes, lots of snacks. I said I wanted five, 60 W-U-Mag. I got the mad dog. One hack is doing to show it's cool as this afternoon. Seven o'clock in shithko panther preview. Oh, how about 10 panthers, man? Maybe they'll score a golden. What do you think? No. Panthers in the devil's at the McAureena 7.30. 80K after the hockey game in June, Mark overnight. That's our agenda. Keep an eye on that. I'm going to watch the regular pool and you watch that other pool. What time are you going to do? I'm watching because you want to take a look at those oboos. I'm just waiting for my tongue to make a cross-to-comment. You're more than a couple of boobs in those pictures. But hey, those people think they're hot. That's a fairly big one. They want to get free dance pass. They want to. That's right. They figured nobody else would. Would participate, which I told you because we never get any response to that kind of thing. Because they all know that you're desperate and want to get laid. And want to see some naked pictures of hot babies. That's all right. Our last week he's trolling for Ocean. It's on the year while the war's going on. I mean, that's just George. He's just desperate. He can't get any. I even fast Carlos over to weekend with my bedtime. So he says, please, find some slot somewhere. Okay, to get this guy laid. So we can go back to doing like a radio show instead him trying to get laid on a year all the time. You do like it. Nobody envys your sex life either. You know, except maybe, you know, stuff. What does that mean? You get laid, but it's, uh, it's with men. So nobody. So what they're, I guarantee I'm getting a lot more action than you are. So everybody cares. Do you understand? Nobody cares about yours either. Well, there you go. It's not about me. It's about getting hot pictures on the site. Yeah. Am I putting a hot picture is a guy's on a website? Oh, God. No. So there you go. I think he lose that one. Anyway, so speaking of Israel, because I would tell you this before the show we were discussing this this morning. Speaking of this, uh, outrage about the, uh, Geneva convention and the treatment of prisoners of war and so on and so forth. Uh, nobody treats it. I'm not going to say nobody because we don't know. But there are very few countries that treat their prisoners war more cool than Israel does. They not only stripped them, but then they blindfolded them, they tied them up with ropes and then they, uh, tattoo them like during the concentration camps with a number under our. I know. And of course, we also have heard and keep in mind keep in mind when they were on terrorists been going on. I don't hear too many objections to the fact that when we get somebody's alkaita, uh, some of the real, uh, top onto us, some of the real evil doers. Uh, we don't necessarily want to bring them back to the west right away, even to get more because we want to have them interrogated in the country where they use different methods other than what we would use because it wouldn't be considered civilized. Right. I mean, what their vincices and make whether we do it directly, indirectly, we're still using the same techniques and I have no problem with that. If we have to torture these bastards to get the truth out of them, I don't have a problem with that. But at least be consistent. Don't be crazy. It's like this business about well, they're not fighting the war fair. They're dressed as civilians in the drive and civilian vehicles. And then all of a, and then they're, they're, pretending they're going to surrender that went on in Vietnam. It went on during the first Gulf War. It will always go on, especially when people are outnumbered and outman with the enormous amount of, uh, Uh, uh, whatever we've got is there's no contest. There's no contest. It's like an alkaita before like an elephant stepping out of cockroach and all these poor vests. They're trying to do a stay alive. That's all. They're trying to stay alive. And the one thing I consistently hear when the interview Iraqis people are in this country or some of the people there, they're not as much as they despise many of them, Sodom who say not all of them, but many of them. What they're most pissed off about is the 12 years of sanctions they've had to endure. Since Gulf War won. Yeah. Just like in Cuba, right? The trading bar, well, the same kind of crap. So as much as the people in Cuba hate the wild, of course, they're brainwashed, but I'm sure plenty of them still hate Fidel. But the reason that they live the way that they do is because of those trade sanctions. And the same thing that's gone on for 12 years in Iraq, which children not having medication and dying enormous numbers of people dying lack of food, lack of a medication. So we find people this, and of course, you know, it's interesting. This is the same guy who was our guy. He was our evil to against Iran, not that many years ago. Back in early 80s, it was our bad guy. We've brought them up all of this to all the weapon we got from was from us from Russia, the French, and the Germans, all of it. All the weapons that mass destruction he's got, he got from the same folks. They'd like the president would say, these folks. And yet now all of a sudden, we decided he's an evil to where he's dangerous to us. He represents no threat to this country. The only thing he represents now is the threat to all of those poor men and women over there. Americans and others, because he's alone at taking me know that. Pretty sad, pretty tragic. And of course, like I said in the early stages, you're just starting into the windstorm, man, because the overwhelming majority of the public, Hey, let's do it. Let's roll, let's do it. Let's roll, let's do it. Let's roll, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, kill him. And of course, you do everybody should understand, although I'm sure the media are reporting it this way, but the reason that we'd made that antiseptic attack so called that shock and awe, and only hit those buildings the first night in Iraq was obvious. You know, because we don't want to kill some people that would look bad, you know? If we thought we could get away with it, we'd be dropping nuclear weapons on Baghdad. We don't give a crap about the Iraqi people and ever did. This is long as we let the oil well standing, that's how we give a crap about, is that that's correct answer by the way. World domination and oil, that's what this is all about. Which of these statements best describes your feelings about the Iraqi attack as our question on theorajers.com? 239 votes, it's long overdue, let's roll 62. It's all about oil and world domination 61. It's a grotesque waste of human life 52, which is an understatement. There is one of these people, one of these children, one of these soldiers, there's now one of these people that should be dead. This is a war for nothing. Iraq represented no threat to the USA 30. It's mostly political 22 and it's about liberating the Iraqi people 12. Sure took us a long time if that was the point. You notice how it did change. First weapons of mass destruction. And then even if they turned it all over, that wasn't good enough because we had a regime change. And then of course that was based on the desire to liberate the poor, oppressed Iraqi people that we've been oppressing for 12 years with these guys and you went sanctions. But now all of a sudden we decided to be a really good idea and good business to liberate those poor rackies and set up a puppet, I mean democratic government. You see the soldier, the general, who's going to be heading up the government? No. Let's see, I got to hear somewhere. I got so much here it is, no, that's not it. I'm fine, I got to make it in that here it is. We courage general from Orlando area. I guess they didn't want to put them on MSNBC or a fox or CNN. He's got to do something. He's going to lead the occupation. That is correct. It says many people put off home improvement projects out of procrastination or laziness. Jake Garner of Windermir has a veteran skews. He has to rebuild and run Iraq after the war. We tear down the Lieutenant General Garner in his wife Connie, about their $1.1 million home on the Butler chain of lakes in western Orange County community only a few months ago. That's Orange County Florida by Orlando. The three-star Lieutenant General was just beginning to modify the boat ticket as new home on President Bush appointed him as military governor of post-war Iraq. Oh, I'm going to be away for a while, Garner casually told his family friend Renee Keen 35 of Keen's point. I have to do a little work for Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld. A.K.A. Herman Gering. He was very onchalan about a Keen said Saturday, Real casual J is very down to work. Very humbled. You never know he was a three-star General. If Iraqi leaders son of Hussein and his bath party are outstead Garner's will, it would be to pick up the pieces of post-war Iraq and set the stage for an interim Iraqi authority to take over government operations. Until an Iraqi leader steps in, he would govern 23 million Iraqis distributing food medicine and shelter and Yadi Aadi Aadi. And that too. How do you like that, huh? Then of course that was that guy. We had the story on the website over the weekend that everybody was looking for. One of the new most wanted. In fact, even Jose Padilla. Oh, remember that ass cropped his story about Jose Padilla. What you're not having a brief case with the five newspapers in it or something? Turn out to be totally bogus. Well, this guy from Miramar is the new one. They always come back to Florida. I was just shell shocked. So to speak. We're attacking Miramar next. I'm here that we're invaded Massachusetts after we get Iraq taken care of. Too many damn limouser. And needs of the civilians. I can't stress enough the concern that there is here now among the American leadership. The one of the main planks of their campaign was the military racing forward to surround Baghdad. But immediately in behind them would come the supplies, the medicines, the drugs needed for wounded civilians. The water supplies, the generators to get electricity up food, which is vital in the region. And none of this now looks like it's going to get through. And none of it looks like it's going to get through for quite some time. Demining operations in the waterways are taking a lot longer than people thought. And these pockets of opposition mean it's impossible for civilian and humanitarian workers to move in the area. And as your reports show, there's now anger on the part of the civilians. And this was what the United States was hoping when they got their campaign started. It was that they would be able to go into a country that was happy to see their soldiers, see them as liberators and see them as protectors. And now they're concerned that they may not be able to get that edge. And you like that? That's from the CBC of course. Where you get the real news, it was really going on and supposed to propaganda nonstop all spin all day. See the difference? No, that's just Canadian propaganda. You know the Levin past 10 is 560 WQA. We got balls on issue, baby. Any red weed on any balls. Now we never got any spy report about that. Of course I'm not taking these damn calls. Well, we'll get to some calls. But we need a spy report and I won't build board to see whether we left the UM thing on her. If we took the if we take that billboard down all together, I'm going to pay personally out of my own pocket for a billboard that has red weed space on it. It says a man with no balls. Seriously. If he caves into freaking Donner Shalala and the freaking University of Miami and a bunch of blue noses, it's going to be a sad sad day in North Dave County at the QAM Compound. As you continue to compound our problems. Twelve minutes after 10 a Q and then just give the time? Yeah, do it was 11 after. Well keep changing. 12 after. If you have $2,000 more on a credit card. If so, listen very carefully please. If you have a credit card, you can sell your cash. If you have a credit card, you can sell your cash. If you have a credit card, you can sell your cash. If you have a credit card, you can sell your cash. If you have a credit card, you can sell your cash. If you have a credit card, you can sell your cash. If you have a credit card, you can sell your cash. If you have a credit card, you can sell your cash. If you have a credit card, you can sell your cash. If you have a credit card, you can sell your cash. If you have a credit card, you can sell your cash. If you have a credit card, you can sell your cash. If you have a credit card, you can sell your cash. If you have a credit card, you can sell your cash. If you have a credit card, you can sell your cash. If you are going to pay for the credit card, and if you have a credit card, You can give students a NEWS cap by getting doctors wick player. If you are Chinese you come visit our channel with credit card debt. If you have a credit card, you can play if you์ in promotion. If you have a credit card, you can do that. If you have a credit card, you may have a credit card without consulting your card consort! You may have a credit card with credit card, getting your afford debt, do you Remember to Oh, right. If this ever will tell, we should just take him now, who's saying... Go to bed and downtown, blow it to the ground, who's saying... Each is advisable of flies, or be dives, who's saying... If we had a boat, your mother looks like a goat, who's saying... He just flies, or applies, or be dives... Who's saying... He just flies, or he just flies... We're not ashamed of you know that we have one who's saying... Because we have the neck to destroy our rag, who's saying... Oh my god, who's saying... Oh my god, who's saying... Don't you try and deny, say bye bye... Oh, who's saying... He's saying... And all access passed to the convention that's going on starting to 26th at the Doveal Hotel, the Lifestyle's convention. Well, what happens at the convention? Well, I'm on another thing, yeah. That's why you're going. I'm going because we have an appearance. I know where you're going anyway, and what else? The runners up get a pass to one of the dances because they have ongoing dances throughout the convention. The theme dances as it were. They get a pass to a dance, while it's the runner up prize, the grand prize is almost $500. What does that mean to run a rough to a dance? The runner up to a contest gets a pass to one of the many dances that you cost money. It's the usual QAM since these stuff accepted a big prize. I think it fits though, I think it's appropriate. Let's see how it's going so far. Philippe and his wife have 43 votes over half of the votes. We have some extra pictures of Philippe's wife when they... I mean, if they win. What does that mean? I think we should do this once a week, maybe one... I think this is fun. This is great. It's not that we'd have such big prizes to give away. We come up with some crafts, some crafts. Tony and her man, 18 votes, and that's because he's got... She's sitting near nude all over. This is a little bit... A little bit too far away, honey. Yeah, I should say that this was slots together very, very last minute. Yeah, let's see if we're slapping it. Okay. She's got 18 and her man. Monica and her man have 11. Now these guys... they're anonymous. They don't have a name. I reckon that's what came with the email. Henry and Diane have seven votes, which is shocking. And Bob and 18 only have three. I guess they don't have as many friends as the other people. Oh, he's having a... Oh, they're a little bit older than somebody other folks on there, but I mean considering their age, I mean they're like a nice elder, I mean middle... They're nice. They're nice. They're nice people. Sure. But they only have three votes, which is astonishing. Can we consider that Henry and Diane have seven? Oh, my God. Anyway, that's it. I'm not making any editorial comment. We appreciate all of these tons of people have participated in his jug in a queue. And we got five more that I thought we'd get. Yeah, I didn't think we'd have any. I asked you before the show today. Is this thing going to really fly or what? Let's take a call or two before we get into a couple of bedtime stories and some other crap. Should we do it? Okay. Come on, Carlos. Just quit being so surly, okay? Eric told me he's going to put that nice banner up for me. There's this plantation, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Sorry, you waited so long. That's all right. You know, when you said earlier that you only had one call on the line, a figure's now. So, you know, you're going to have to go away. You've been gone for a week. For a few days back, I was shmitted going on. Yeah. You're not by dialed in and got right to. There you go. Incredible. Incredible. Anyway, only two weeks, 40 minutes. I'm the, I'm one of your listeners who's been listening to you at least since 1980. I've only called you once or twice in that time. And that's the way you like it. I know. But I have to, and I agree with you on, I think almost everything you've ever said. But I've got to take issue with you on one thing. Yeah. When you said the American people were brainwashed, that's not true. Because to be brainwashed, you have to have a living functioning brain. They're brain dead. There be a lot of good points. Yeah. Most of my brain did, you're right. And, thanks to a lot of Americans, this is like, this is more like a video game. Yeah. Yes. And the stuff that you said while it was on hold though was so on target. I mean, it's just incredible. The week you were gone, I found myself forced to listen to music. And you know how bad that is. You mean, you didn't want to hear George talking about the boobs and stuff? No, I said to George, I did listen to George the show, but I'm talking about other times. You know, after trying to listen to some of the news after the show is like, you can't listen to it. Because it's such BS. This two things real quickly. I won't not watch CNN ever again. I'll pay that as far as I'm doing it all the way anywhere. I won't watch CNN. There were way behind everybody else. And number two, they were joking it. And number three, they're cheerleading almost as hard as they. And the people on CNN have Tom Poms in American flies to be wave of mother doing so called reporting. Yeah, you're right. Just two things quickly, Neil, if I can. One thing is, you, you probably, I'm sure you noticed that one of the first things they did, the US forces when they go into Iraq is to cure those oil fields. Mm-hmm. Now, yeah, but absolutely. And the reason they were paying in their pants when they thought that there were seven oil wells on fire, which it turns out really weren't. Well, they were crapping their pants when they saw that. Right. And the reason that they gave was because number one, that's the lightblood for Iraq's economic recovery. Right. There was. And number two, if they failed to take those oil fields, there could be a horrible environmental catastrophe. And we know that the bushmeister would never pursue oil at the cost of the environment. Right. That's, you need that stuff. And speaking of the environment, isn't it the lovely scene, all the trenches filled with the oil that they're burning around Baghdad now, and like try to cover their ass a little bit. That's got to be doing a lot of good to the environment too. People are, they already reported a whole, I don't know how many, but a lot of people reporting, breathing problems, respiratory problems similar to like 9-11. Yeah, just beautiful. The last thing that I have is, I don't know where you saw this, but Tom broke your interview, the mother of her, and broke down. And she was a chamber one. The first, the first, the US, the casualty. And you get them. She really handed it to him saying, oh, the technology is great, but you know, you're killing the families of the guys over there. He didn't get it. He said, yes, that's right. Well, he didn't get it. He didn't realize that he was saying you jerk off in the media, you know, and that's right. Incredible occupant sensitivity. And he just, oh, thank you. That's so wonderful. Well, let me say it again. None of us could have ever happened without the willing and enthusiastic cooperation of the media. That's right. You're right on Neil. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Have a great day. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And Lyndon Johnson says, I don't think I better run again. Not a good idea. Because as the news pictures and of course back then we didn't have a can you imagine if we would have the technology back then that would have saved thousands and thousands of lives all the way around if we had all those embeds. If we would now forget about the embeds if we just had to set like technology to put the images on a year. And seeing the thousands and thousands of innocent women and children and other people like even men count I guess. Who got butcher just slaughtered if he had not. And so as we got it late 60's all of a sudden the very same people who were being excoriated a few years before that now they became like the mainstream and mainstream media water cry kite went on here with an impassioned to plea that we have to stop the killing now this is madness. The same water cry kite by the way who talked about this war in the same tone said the same things about this president this war. I just mentioned those things in passing. So you'll see that as and again I'm not certainly not opening for a blood man, but in it is a very strong possibility that's going to happen. And as more and more bodies come back let's see how that market is doing by the way George let's take a quick peek. At the gambling channel and see if the marketers are still serving. Oh my god. So let's talk a little bit about the patriot missiles. Like the ones that didn't work in 1991 down talk about 30 yikes. 242 and a half points the dow is down and it's only the markets been open for minutes less than an hour. And then as the next down 39 the standard and poor remember that guy to call me for financial advice. If he we tell you go. He says well you know you say that when the war starts the market's going to take a crap I was thinking about him last few days because eight days in a row the dow is gone soaring way up there you know. I mean anybody that's foolish enough to gamble away their money now after what we've seen the last two or three years in a market head you have to be a maniac you have to be a lunatic. And like I've also said talk about the American people being brain dead to watch people I'm not talking about people making serious money like I am I'm talking about people at the work hard all their lives. And have their life savings their retirement money just vanished based on Kenny Boyle at Enron all these other funny baloney deals. And I've mentioned of course Richard Pearl what was the one he was involved with. Oh I give up whatever hell it was global clock. Yeah global crossing very good. Loosen their money in these bogus stocks watching a van in well. No, I guess we have to work forever there'd be revolutions in other countries for less than that you won't have to work forever. You'll have to work for a dime is just a little bit like that just sit and back on a race. And then some of these assholes including some of you people listening me right now got the balls talking about who's got balls to it to be ripping folks that have the nerve to go out there and protest in the streets who got the guts to do it and stand up against this crap shame on you. Shame on you. And have to keep reminding you well you know what's their American right is it like we're a bunch of little kids in kindergarten we have to keep repeating these same silly things. 1028 the beat was in Friday he lost another pound he's still. Calvities lost close to 60 pounds and I'm balanced for life he's a little slow because he's a pig you know he's cheating but he's still lost in your 60 pounds and he's getting this little black sack which you'll get to every day when you're on the balance for life weight loss program believe me fat equal sick. I know that as well as anybody fat equal sick and after this last stroke I had man I'm working feverishly now and I when I first came back up here at that you know I was just screwing around I was eating. Not getting any better feel like crap. So if you want to feel better and look better and be a lot healthier that's the important part let balance for life do it for they do all the figuring on the zone diet they put together. Great delicious fresh meals in your little black sack no cooking no shopping no calorie counting no carbohydrate counting right in that black sack they delivered your door every morning by six a.m. your home your work wherever. Three delicious gourmet meals two delicious next and nothing frozen nothing artificial no nasty preservatives. Fresh delicious goodies and you get to choose between two choices for each meal every day that you're on a program. So if you really want to lose the weight to delicious and easy way do the same as the beast is doing call balance for life let them do all the work for you call nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or visit their website at balance for life dot com. This video twice you say. You. Anybody have a heart or a liver. No. The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to dominate people. With the gas that we sold him first time a crescer nation and they only want that's going now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going. Forget about Korean the nook they're talking at the right wing is really it over and over and you are hit. That Iraq has some. My business of past the scratch gun. Three thousand people killed are now forgotten let's exploit them instead. Hey there's oil to be content going after some time to play kato summer there's no longer mention of the name in law this but no it seems good. It's a good sound all. A fee and complacent full even every word of this cartel it's in a station that controls us by fear for medium and it's a nation and a right wing is really it over and over and you are hit. And Iraq has some. Wappings of past this direction. The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying we're all suspects now not the Ashcroft is saying I have nothing to hide. Table partners all are saying I know be a cattle don't have any reserve region. Now the provoked battle ends world annihilation. Old regime must fall and have a virgin and so with no objection at all. Tim a crap no have a fall and a right wing is really it over and over and you are the ring wise. I rack has some. With me the fastest direction. Only I rack has some. With me the fastest rock gun. Hey the good news is after we finish it Iraq I just got messages we're going to be in painting Delaware. Okay now because it's small it's close to these sea you know we'll have for a go. Command and control right there remember a year ago in January January 2002 in Carl Rov who's the brains behind this president because somebody's got to have some. He said we're going to play the war card right. So any any notion and of course you know we put on our website. The audience of articles that prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that the invasion of Iraq was planned long before 9. 11. I mean the whole company you possibly sell some concept to somebody. You know we were attacked by party a. Okay party a came over here killed 3,000 of our people. They want to wipe us out so we what we're going to do now is retaliate by attacking party C. Does that make any sense. Let me see and even in spite of all the hysterical and hernianical efforts of colon Powell and all the other spokesman of this administration all these speeches of the UN. With their greatest efforts they couldn't link in any way shape or form any relationship between 9.11 and Iraq and in southern Hussain. He's not one of them he's not religious fanatic he's he's just the opposite he hates him as much as we do. He's still a butcher but there's plenty of boaches all around the world including one 90 miles away from Florida. Very very sad how anybody could convince anybody else of something so ludicrous. 5.6.7. I'm going to give the numbers out once and if not I'll just proceed ahead with all this stuff I got because you I would have thought. Like that guy said before coming back first day after vacation and maybe the people of disagree with me maybe they're too intimidated to call. Maybe they can't make a very strong case other than just calling and making some kind of a personal shot which is which is part of the course in South Florida radio. Well you keep forgetting I drove them all the way last week. No you didn't. Look at all the votes the pouring in on it the hot couple contest look at that over 160 last time I checked. Oh there's Tony Blair you rush out and the UN you and now in go spy so all. I reported on the talks we had had both talks the talks don't forget we got those 70 Polish soldiers Tony. Five sit the only problem is that they got to Bosman they turned around back to Kuwait. 5.6.7.5.60 pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. A response from hell. Here's Miami. Hello. So I'm stands for nothing but himself and that's what people have to understand. You know what's calling in really pissed off about this for that I took a good look at the contest page. Yeah. And Henry and Diane huh. God bless them. They're hot man. You know I might say love each other they're not even touching in that photograph. I don't think they even know each other. Yeah. I think they met in the 7 Lebanon wanted women and they heard it in the car. You know it's I like to know what happened to checks and balances in this country. It just became checks and credit cards because apparently we've got a war here that's not even a war. It's in complete violation of the US Constitution. The US Constitution. They're saying you want to complete control if you want to declare war on President go right in and go. Oh hey listen I want to tell you. The Democratic Party should only go to hell okay because as far as and I've said this for a long time both parties in America suck the political system is just corrupt. And as finalists and gutless without the with the caving in the democrats this could never have happened the way it's gone down. Never could have happened. Exactly. Because this is the president's got his buddies in office. What can I tell you? Yeah. The American people are American people are watching American Idol. Exactly. What is this general that he's appointing who is he? What is he? He's a potential. Some colony know that. And we've got the protesters in Oregon who you know like you said everybody's got a right but when you're burning the American flag you're not protesting against the administration. A protesting against the country. Right. Don't forget this general is this from Orlando. So what does that say? Have a great day pal. Have a wonderful life. Thanks. You too. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on it. Look at his Tony Blair to the brave servicemen who've lost their lives. Yeah. Sixteen Brits died already and none of them from unfriendly fire. I mean stop and think about that. I don't. But like I think I interrupted myself about a fourth time before when I was talking about Vietnam. As the things go on and is more and more and I hope I'm hoping this doesn't happen but it looks almost inevitable because it's gotten a lot worse over the weekend. More bodies come back in boxes and in bags. More and more debts all the way around. Then you're going to see this enormous support start eroding it happens every time. It happens just like the market. That's when I'd work on myself to look at the market. There's a good example for you. All these people who are getting brain washed. Oh, this is going to be a piece of cake. It's a cake walk. It's going to be a quick and easier. I'll warrant ever going to patch you economy together. Even though they put the price tag. He finally put up the the 80 billion dollar request to Congress today. That's just the 50 the ice break. That's just the start. Then they're saying that once though they get the new government said in the interim government's going to cost a $17 billion year. That's just for America's trunk. And don't forget we're going to give big tax cut for the wealthy again from a George W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W W. W. W W. W. W W. W. W. W. W. W. W W. W W. W. W W W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. Any room? From any. From any room? Don't be like Sidaam if you find yourself in a dead job, a dead end job. Well, who wrote this piece of crap copy? Wow. Probably Todd Rex speaking of dead brain dead. If you find yourself in a dead end job, pick up the phone and call fast train. There goes again what I pick up the phone. I'd like to pick up my phone and throw it at your post, Todd. You little idiot. But when you're only three inches tall, it's going to hard to hit him. Maybe just step on his ass. Call 1-86 fast train to get started in a new high-paying computer job. You can make big bucks like our computer was at Carlos. Unless you're hiding under your desk, and cruise missiles are landing around you, there is no excuse not to get started. Call fast train toll free at 1-86 fast train. They offer convenient day evening weekend classes. Check fast train on the web at fastrain.com. Get out from that dead end job. Unlike dictators, computer professionals are in high demand. Call fast train today. They've got locations in Miami, Kendall, Temporot Pines, and prestigious for a lot of it. Also, there's a modesty one convenient to where you be. Registrate fast train.com to get your free American flag bumper sticker. Wow, pick up the phone call fast train today toll free. 1-86 fast train. 2-3 I can go. This is your twin license. 2-8. Yeah. The word meal set at the tongue was notalize. Thank you for coming. Come back down to karaoke cafe, Chris. I'm Chris. I'm Chris. Thank you. I've got to you, and find a scrotum. Never really showdown. All my poison and my warheads. None of them come. Never look, got there my best. I got the factory making and tracks. Nooks in Kitties back, patch. There's no way you're making me dead. Hands calling power should have looked under the towel on my head. People sing along with me because this is unbelievable. I've got the United States going crazy. Trying to convince people to attack me. Except for Sean Conof-Gord, who's on my side. He loves me like crazy. Funny little poop. All get used to a life of hard knocks when I give you the small pups. You should have loved a little harder. You're silly, boss. Can't stop the touch of this murderer. Thank you very much. Please, give you a little bit of a wait. I want to play fun in that chemical factory in the sand. Sand? Do you didn't see that? No. It was completely like a sand castle. They said this is one of the methods they used to camouflage secret laboratories and whatever. Factory's in. That's because I see a lot of it. Who's your rather hear Tony Blair? Got that past the beach of the sun. Or the drive in movie channel. Now that I got my digital cable. How to make a monster. You're coming from here. Where they stealthily? Very cunning. With animal instinct, you feel there's an enemy around. You hear something? You start. You look around. I want this to be really creepy. You haven't seen anything yet. Is that Solomon's trucking Lee Republican guard? It's just my feet. Or we could go back and hear Tony Blair again if you like. Come on Tony. What do you say, man? He's like a hair hair hair. They're doing a hair hair. Which means. Oh, thankfully, we got him off of there. The vibe of your opinion with Britain and France or the forefront of it. I have to disagree for now. It's for stay according to Tony Blair. Well, there you go. Five six seven, five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and see and Verizon. Wireless line. Now where's line three from? It's we're having problems with that. Oh, we're having problems with that. I'm sorry. Hello. Yes. Couple things. Billboards still up. It's still up. Yes. You have a logo on it? Yes. Excellent. Nice going. Greg, you may have grown up here over the weekend. A small pair. Secondly. I'm sorry. Did you come back? George, you had your time last week. Shonker. Go. It's it's it's it's it's in some like him. It's not like a different guy. I did it. It's a different guy but nevertheless he's called. Different guy that hates you. So what's wrong with that? I haven't done them because he said shut the F up or something like that. He said, was he an it's? Well, what are response we're getting here? Man, I can see. I've plenty of time for bedtime. Story five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon. We're only in the middle of a war over which there's incredible a split all around a guy named Country and around the world and I'm sitting here begging for calls again. I'm my first day back after a wonderful well deserved vacation. Thank you. I don't you want to bring in see spend so they can hear what the south photo audience has. Oh, yeah, we sure is held. Man, no. No, don't mistake about it. Here's my Emmy on five. Hello. Are we very too? No, there he is. There's one. Here's Lake Worth. Hello, our only call. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, welcome back. Sure. You know, you know, you hit the nail on the head before when you were talking about the reasons that the United States was giving for this war. Mm-hmm. And you said first it was to go out after these weapons of mass destruction. Right. Then it was to liberate the people of Iraq. That was that was third. Second was regime change. Third was deliberately. Then now the new one is to feed them and to give them medicine. Right. And that they've been denied for the last 12 years because of the one sanctions which were a part of. Exactly. And I was like, you know, that's why I was going to close you. It's to say that. You know, it's like, well, wait a minute. What happened to the original reason that we went in there. And you know, right now, the most important thing is not to kill the same. The important thing is to find any weapon of mass destruction because if the United States doesn't find any weapons of mass destruction, they're going to have to answer to the world. Mm-hmm. But you know something even if they do that holds the water with me because we already know that they've got weapons of mass destruction because we know what we sold and then what we gave them. We know what the inspectors were shown to be destroyed. So we know what the hell he's got or released it. We just can't put our finger on it. But what does that prove there? There are there are Ziggins of countries that have weapons of mass destruction. It doesn't prove anything, but that's going to be the justification for all of it. The United States is going to come out and say, ah, ah, ah, ah, here you go. We told you, well, we're going to shoot. Stop and think about, stop and think about the cold war. But when we were looking each other at the hour with the Russians, I mean, we knew that they had a huge arsenal of nuclear weapons. And we heard ours. So what did we do? Did we go and drop nooks to try to provoke them? Of course not. You know, we're, you remember, months and months and months ago when they had those clothes. Door energy meetings in the White House. Sure. And Dick Cheney wouldn't tell us who was in it, what they said, right? Well, to me, you know, I've been thinking over the last few days and I'm like, well, you know what? I've read a lot of articles and it seems that Haliburton's going to be making a lot of money off of these oil wells. Oh, I got a good article on that coming up with. Exactly. And you know what? But I do want to finish what I was going to say, but you know what? Bring back the bedtime stories. Okay, because you know what? There's only a few avenues in which that we can receive this type of information and your one of them. So you know what you got my little. I'll tell you right now, that's why I got the digital cable in my studio here so I can get the CBC on here instead of just the usual propaganda that most Americans are listening to. But do you think that the reason that they didn't want to disclose what was discussed in those meetings is because way back when. Okay, and that's already given. But way back when they were talking about the invasion. Just just keep wanting in mind, 1998, five years ago Haliburton got a big contract in Iraq. Five years ago at the Cheney was still on the board at that time, other directors. So they knew back then that they were going to invade once a Republican president was elected. You bet. And I just want to say one last thing, all those people. Okay, and you've got a few callers say it before. You know what, I think it's really disgusting that these people that go out and they support the troops. I support the troops, but I oppose the war. There's absolutely no correlation in between the two. Absolutely. You can oppose the war as much as you want, but you know what? I want to see all of the men and women come home in one piece and I find it really, really unnerving that these people actually think that we are against the welfare of our own soul. They're only stupid people say crap like that. They are. They're only stupid people say crap like that. They are. We, we, we, we got to understand people that are so stupid that has such a low IQ that can't separate, supporting the troops, or supporting our country from, supporting whoever happens to be empowered to power whatever the hell they do. We're not going to be a bunch of goose stepers. A deal. I love you. Welcome back. Thanks. Have a great night. Strongly recommend if you didn't read this article and you ought to really check out the project for the New American Century Peanack. I'm sure it's still on there right under our old stories on our website. Right. Now what's the, because I'm looking at my beautiful couples here, my hot couples. It's the features. Hey, click on the features and go to some of the old stories because we had this on a few days ago. Cheney's monstrous screen project for the New American, does he screen scheme? Same thing, it makes me screen from prisonplanet.com. We're going to just go to prisonplanet.com and that website, which is a great one by the way. Or they have current pictures of Baghdad and all kinds of stuff that you won't find in the mainstream media. Project for the New American Century and find out who these people are, which you know, you know, they're all by name. Dick Cheney and Rumsfeld and Wolfowitz and Richard Pearl, Ask Cron. And guess who else is involved by the way? In fact, where's my picture I have here? I was going to, I was going to, I was going to fetch you this last weekend, I've never got around to it. Here it is. One of the Toronto papers, powerful policy group project for the New American Century includes bush stalwart. And here are the big pictures. There is Cheney on top who looks like his heart may be taken. There is Donald, but don't call me Hermon Gering Rumsfeld. In the bottom right hand corner is Paul Wolfowitz and guess who's in the bottom left hand. Court will give you one clue it's your governor, Jet Bush. Yeah. Also just happens to be a member of the project for the New American Century. How do you like that? Who helped to conspire to get the election? Fixed for his brother. What, I know how to coincidence, you know? Let me say it again. I don't want to sound cynical, but I am. I don't trust anybody in American government. At the state level, at the local level, at the federal level, at any level. I don't trust any of them. They're all a bunch of crooks. Just a matter of degree. Some are just better getting graft than others. That's all. That's how little bit too cynical? No. Sounds right on to me. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hey, how are you? Pretty good. Listen, I just wanted to verify with the last caller that there's so many ignorant people. I'm not sure if there's any ignorant, uneducated people out there that are trying to put a correlation between liking the troops and saying we oppose the war. There is. We all support the troops. We are even though we are against the war. That's the first thing. The second thing I need to say is that why are we not asking for regime change? And Saudi Arabia, where women don't have the same right? That's right. It's 15 of 19 high jackers from the Arabians. We'll learn not asking regime. We'll hear you interrupt you on this. How come we didn't care about regime change and Afghanistan when the people of the women there had to wear the burgers and the men had to wear their beard. There's a certain length and they couldn't listen to music. And they were being so badly oppressed until 9 11. And then all of a sudden the Taliban and the Osama got and bed together even more than they had been. And then all of a sudden they became the enemy. We decided it was time to go in there and invade it. If the hypocrisy is just unbelievable. And if anybody would open their eyes, it's right in front of them for the sea. Because the answer is no, there is no nothing in countries like North Korea or some of these other ones that don't have where we want and who were friends with. The Bush family has been protecting King Faud and his freedom for I don't know how many years. Right. Thank you. Okay. And don't forget about the Carl Al Group and the Bush family, baby. The world is just like an in movie network when he had that great line when Ned Badeez is the Howard Bealus. The world is a business Mr. Beal. And that's it. The world is a freaking business. And a public we we sit around like a bunch of little sheep like a bunch of little lemmings and a oh I have the way for a little flag. Oh my god. When are some of you people going to wake up and understand that we're getting screwed. Screwed and tattooed. Most people like I always tell you, just want to live their lives and leave everybody alone. These and people let's their attitude. You know, if they can do something good, that's fine too. Make a contribution to society. But most people don't want to get screwed over. I want to have their lifetime savings destroyed with with with with crap. With bogus investments. Just amazing to me what sheep the public are. And I close to sure how easily they can be manipulated. Hitler learned that lesson. And I used to wonder when I was younger. How how could he manage to do that? How could he convince all those German people to go step along and and participate in that insanity? Lots of parades. And he did it without television, by the way. Right. He had to say so. He was a more forceful speaker than what we got now. 58 at 5.60 W to QM Tom Lim and in Joe Prieto at Halipone, GMCR. Tried without sir Neil Deel March Madness, Salon still going on. Neil Deel number one, pick out any new GMCR, Pontiac in stock like the 33 mile a gallon of Vi Christ is low with 13,998. And get yourself 0% financing for up to 60 months. You heard me right. 0% from 60 months. Neil Deel number two, choose any new vehicle and stock and get you up to a $3,000 rebate. Absolutely correct. Get up to a $3,000 rebate on any new vehicle and stock at Halipone. And as always, Halipone's got a spectacular Neil Deel waiting for and use Christchurchness UVs. And as far as credit is concerned, this is one of the great things about the folks at Halipone. They're not as picky as most of the card. There's even if your credit is marginal, even if you know PD Lenny, they'll still cut you deal. It's another set of great Neil Deel deals going on right now at Halipone. 341 Sat. Fixie Highway. That's on you. You was one across from the falls. Do not mention Bob Eisenberg's name. By the way, open every day seven days a week. For more info called Neil Deel Hotline. Tool free. One Triple 8 53444211. That's one Triple 8 5344211. Don't forget all Neil Deel. Subtit to credit approval CD. LeForded Tales. Halipone, GMC. Who proudly say we are professional grades. Fly and local. We are Sports Radio 560s, you and you, AEM. I'm flying, Fallen. This is shooting all of it. And now we've got this color. The tellers win the credits here. This is still the kind of person. We believe that we got hit once. The next one will be more severe. But I guess you must be done. When you say that this new system really needs to be refined. I don't repeat me so right. And orange means a type of you say. What if I'm colorblind? On the asin. When it's red, red. You play the amongst two. Yes, you are. When it's red, red. Oh, it needs to get a clue. It needs to be a pass. Hey, when it's red, it's a big red. You write a request. What I'm hearing is even a bigger thread. Now what you hear? All the time. 11-03 is fine. Yes, it's easy. Let's take a look at those hot pictures, man. And a hot pick contest. Let me click on the hot couples contest and take a look again. It is close to lunchtime, though. Let's see, leading the pack. No surprise. God, this thing's so slow. Philippe and the wife have 91 votes. Nice going Philippe and wife. They're cute couple. Yes. Honey and her man have 34. Because she's a naked. A couple of boobs on her baby. In fact, we got several boobs. I mean. And then moving right along. Monica and her man 21. Why is this her man? Why did two of these? I don't know who went up labeling those things. Was it Miguel? Was it Eric? Was it Miguel? I don't know. What about the guy's name? Henry and Diane 14. Henry, who's a gigantic Hulk of a guy. And Bob and Nadine, four Bob and Nadine, who seemed like really nice middle class average every day post. They got seven votes. They should be third. Yeah, they should be in. And I'm not saying it should be on top or on the bottom. But I mean, not necessarily. They deserve a little bit better faith than that. I mean, we got and like you said, maybe they don't have as many friends as some of the other people on their who like. Got a lot of bogus votes pouring. Shane emailing like Joe used to do. Like like Joe cast out a likes to do because he's got a little ego problem because they're running the time when everybody's asleep. Oh, you're okay, Joe. You're okay in my book just don't bug me. Let's see. And now how come this thing? Oh, there it is. I'm sure we're getting a free. I just checked out three Republicans. I don't think they're free from them, but the somebody is. Which of these statements best describes you're feeling about the Iraq attack? Are we in Iraq? Oh, there's Tommy France again. That's for a public. But I must be a tape. It's long overdue. Let's roll 128, which is 26.8%. It's all about oil and world domination. 123. It's grow a grotesque waste of human life 87. Iraq represented no threat to the US 62. It's mostly political 55. And it's about liberating the Iraqi people 21, which is for. So if you take the two that are like all in favor, all gongho liberation and long overdue, you got 31% which means 69% opposed. How do you like that? Yeah, well, that's your bag at liberal audience there. Good. Good. That's excellent. Okay. Just like they were trying to make out well as protest and San Francisco. How about in New York? Yeah. I mean, I like it. Yeah. Yeah. Everywhere in London. The whole world is gay. Well, yeah. And the French. Well, screw the French. There pigs. Here's Halyah. Halyah? Yeah. Yes, sir. Yeah. Now I just wanted to tell you that for about the past month, every time I try to click on to the features to get one of your past articles, it just comes up a, it's not a blank page, it's like your background page that light blue with it. Oh, my God. What's that all about Carlos? I don't know. I just checked that it works fine. You're divine. Probably. It's tracing the fact that you're in Halyah. And our website's probably a little bit nervous about releasing too much info in Halyah. I wouldn't doubt that. Yeah, I can't get anything on the page at all. I'm really interested in those articles, but I can't get to them. I'll be damned. Why? I'd steal somebody else's computer probably work better. Because it's working for us. I just want to let you know. There's something you guys could do. Well, I'll definitely get Charlotte Holmes to check it out. All right. Thank you. There's a guy in Halyah. Can't get it. See George, you're not alone. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Look, everybody's got their Achilles heel. And so I'm just giving you a little business there. Well, now, now, now you deserve a little business. Yeah, whatever. But you don't like looking at hot people since one. Yeah, I love looking at hot people. My ear as this. This is your idea of hot people. Look at that. That's where we opened it up for whoever would send their stuff in you. But you know that it's, we got something. Yeah. No, I'm not knocking at it. It's a start. You know, it's a start. Right. I'm sure that there are a lot of very bashful people out there who would get off the way that they used them. If they send in pictures of themselves, especially like at least what's your name? She's got, she's naked as a jaybird. She's got a couple of boots, a spoon out. But, you know, they're afraid that maybe you might do something with them. Like put them on some pornographic website or something like that. And then we kind of a proverb you are. Huh? And we did. They're afraid you know, they're the SC. ours. Can't get much more pornographic than ours. Make sure, and of course this is also linked up with a QM website. Now wait till Donashalela finds out about that. We got, we got, we got a naked brawn on there on our website. Okay. Even though we have nothing to do with the university of Miami on the show. We got bull and boobs. We got balls and boobs. I'd be like that, Donna. Okay. Hey, man. What a blue nose. See, I risk my case. I risk my an especially for her of all people. Which I could make all kinds of comments about her, but I won't. But of all people, you know, it would be like Janet Reno making a statement like that. It's just outrageous. Now give her to you. Donna, Janet's got a lot bigger balls than you got. At least she's got a sense of humor. No, no, seriously. Yeah. All the things that have been said about Janet Reno. I'm just showing all the bits that we play in the comments I've made about her. And we never had any back last. She never like to send a letter. Wow, I'm gonna take. She, you know, she's got a sense of humor. Right? Right. She may not look like a funny guy. I mean, the gal, but that Janet. I guarantee she's got a humongous pair of balls. Much larger than Donna's ever seen in her life. So you have amputated you. Okay, screw ya. Screw ya. Put your losers. I, I, I looked at it. That's how it was the RIMMAN game. The room with that Joe Rose, I guess, was going, uh, Epoplctic on here about that. And Rippen, Greg, Reed, Rippen, a station for Caving in and Donna Shalim on all this other stuff. And I, I couldn't believe it. And then I check out the on the website of the Harold and there's Barry Jack as of course, who now is the kind of would for both Wacky, Jackie Thompson and Greg Reed. I think that's a match made in heaven, myself. Don't you? Sure. Oh, I'd like to see the two of them on at Hot Picture Sting Together. Uh-oh. In a compromise in position. Here's Davey. Hello. Uh, Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning, how are you? I'm doing good. Uh, listen. I have a couple observations. I wonder how you saw this. Do you think that America's obsession with violence and guns is the reason why we're the only nation that seems in the whole world to want to do this when like countries like Mexico and Canada, they say no, we don't want to go to war. Everybody else. Does that, is there a correlation there? I mean, with, you know, with, I'm not saying this is the only violent country in the world. I mean, there's you've been plenty of violence in China and in Russia and a lot of other countries that are against this war. Now, but that is partly American mindset. There's no question about that. Americans, especially men of this macho thing and a love. And in fact, as you watch this going on, all these reporters who are embedded so-called, and I hate that word embedded with the atrups and they continue every, they look up into the sky. Oh, and there's a, there's the B52 come in from London. Every aircraft, every piece of military hardware, every weapon that's dropped. And as if this is something that we're supposed to know, I don't know most of this, and I don't care quite frankly. I don't want to know it. Yeah. I don't want to know, so notice that on the Christian stations, all these preachers are for this. Really? I've got, you know, on one of them, in particular, I'm not going to say which one. Why not? Why not? Well, TPN. All right. Oh, Paul is in crunch. They have one, the bottom of the screen. I swear to God, you're sitting down, pray for the president. Yeah. And it's been, I swear. I don't know. For any Republican president no matter who it was, if he, if he told us all to go to the edge of a cliffhole hands in jump, they'd have, they'd have the directions and we'd find the nearest cliff on TV and all these other right-wing not cases. Me, they really think God's a Republican. Yeah. I mean, I watch him. I think to myself, and then I heard the preacher say, and we finally got a man in the White House that is a man of integrity. Are you sitting down on that one? Yeah. I've been of integrity. He has still, he's got, I think, besides an election. God's fearing man, you know. You should push that button with that all woman could. Oh, my God. You know. I think we need to see Connie from the Godfather. We have to be right back for they dropped the first the shock and all wave of bombs. The Connie saying the George W. Now they will fear you. Well, we've been in shock and all since W took over, so you know about that, right? Too many hanging chads, not everything. I don't know. Have a good day. I'm not good luck to us. You know, all you old Jews up there in Palm Beach County. Thanks a lot. So I can tell you. Thanks a lot for voting for Papu cannon of all people, huh? Who quite frankly, I'm telling you. If you had your other, I'll show on MSNBC. How is MSNBC? Well, I'd rather hear BBC. Psychologically, perhaps they were prepared for a war that was going to move very, very quickly and that they would have, they would face surrender ring armies and towns and villages that were opening their arms to them. I certainly haven't seen that yet and I don't know if anybody who has the bottle for Lazarus fairly cease, fairly fierce, for example. There you go. Be of the CBC reporting a telling it like it is instead of the propaganda. And so this, so we're embedded with this one. So that's the thing with David Bloom. And you know, he did use to be on, was it NBC and Miami? That's where he started years ago. I mean, I always thought David Bloom was a pretty good reporter, but I mean, he totally lost his credibility like Bob Arnett and all most of these other guys. Oh, four explosions heard in Baghdad. A very active time as we continue to keep a close watch over Baghdad. The CBC's Henry Champ is following all developments from Washington and joins us now live. So Henry, this obviously was a tough weekend for coalition forces. We are continuing to watch the situation in Baghdad, but words of casualties, prisoners of war, how is the administration dealing with all of this? Well, nobody doubts the inevitability, which will be an American victory in Iraq, but there's no question today. There's much more questioning that are is celebrating. Several key events today that are causing some concern here at the White House. Sticker Shock for this is going to be revealed this afternoon when the President's request for budget supplemental hits Congress. It's been something that the administration has been avoiding for many months. What is the price of all of this? It will be revealed today as they ask Congress for money, 90 billion dollars. I just want to continue to know. The Secretary of State of the United States was a very strong center piece to this military campaign. The idea that troops would move up, rush up to Baghdad, and in their train would be food, medicine, people providing electric power generators. All these kinds of things would be brought in to keep a main chain and perhaps win the hearts of the Iraq. All these reports of skirmishing and fighting, particularly in him, Kossar, which is the main. We've got to do the break, but it's so refreshing to hear the CBC because you know we're not getting any bull crap. Right down the middle. 1114 at 560 WQM don't be reluctant about ordering you a great new microphone on the phone, even though it's a kind of a major purchase. Because when you deal with dialing mattress, you're not going to have to worry about a thing. I've done a business for them for years, and it's the easiest purchase you'll ever make in your life. One quick phone called a 1800 mattress, 1-800-MAT-T-T-R-S, and you talk to somebody who's a bedding expert who knows the bedding industry inside and out. Upside down and whatever. Whereas my mattress by the way, fat boy. And they carry only the best name brands in the world. They got silly, certissons, King Quar, their resides in style. They're ranked no more ono in customer satisfaction. And they've got more repeat and referral customers than anybody in the world because they know how to treat your right. Once you buy a mattress from dialing mattress, you'll never go back to the old fashioned way of wasting a lot of time and money by buying a mattress in the shore and some bedding with apartments to again. And don't forget when you buy a mattress from dialing mattress, they said it'll avoid taking away the crappy old smelly bedding for free. Let me say it again. That's correct. dialing mattress sets up the new and takes away the old bedding for free. So make the call now and ensure yourself a great night's sleep for months and years to come. Call dial a mattress 1-800-MATT-T-RES that's 1-800-MATRES dial a mattress that easiest to smart as possible way to buy you a great new bed. My life and look all this is for 3-0-56. You're gone. There is the fairy and he's gone again man. There is the fairy and he's gone. Here. Call in Mary. They'll pay him home, so he's got a good Mary. Call home, let's go for it. He's a queer, her home. He's a poof and a kind of pink queen. That is shoes for the confused. They'll pay the youth for her fancy. All the need is to raise up the young fairy's so he's got to get married. There is the fairy and he's gone again man. There'll pay him home, so he's got a good Mary. Call in Mary. He's a queer, her home. That foolish muck with a girl of dawn, a girl of the strong. That's what he's so poor. That's the girl of all and he never speaks to you on a road. There is the fairy and he's gone again man. There'll pay him home, so he's got a good Mary. Call home, let's go for it. Look at 25, 60, 50, 50, 50, 50, you're like who's got come. What do these statements, Vector Scrabs, your feelings about the rack attack? 562 votes. It's all about oil and world domination. 159. It's long overdue. Let's roll. Let's roll. It's a grotesque waste of human life, 101. Your rack represented no threat to the USA 74. It's mostly political 59 and it's about liberating the Iraqi people. 21. How about we here, liberate the Cuban people first, huh? Okay, let's start close to home move out. And then after we get done with that, let's liberate the American people again. Get this bunch of fans out of, get them out of Washington man. Liberate the American people again. That's what we say. Liberate the for us. Right? You'll be playing that Jesse Holmes thing again now because I know what you're going to do. Liberate power, a human. And then for us. And if the end of us will put another letter, right? Oh, don't you love those people that are running around? USA, you went, oh, those people man. Oh, they scare me. They ought to scare me. My country right around, baby. 22. Here's Marine Dads column from yesterday. Pearls, blunder. I'm sorry. Pearls, plunder, blunder. I even get to the headline without blowing it. Pearls, plunder, blunder. It's Richard Pearls world. We're just fighting in it. She says the Prince of Darkness, a man who whips up. Revolatory souffles and revolutionary preemption doctrines with equalese. Took a victory lap at the American enterprise since two done Friday morning. The critical battle for Baghdad was yet to come and shock and all was still a few hours away. The Hofstra were trying to send a message to the world not to messed with America, might have preferred even more intimidating bombing campaign title like Operation Who's Your Daddy. The Minister Pearl that Advising and Donald Rumsfeld cannot resist a little preemptive Crowing about preemption predicting a general recognition that high moral purposes been achieved here, millions of people have been liberated. His conservative audience at the Reagan Shrine's Black Coffee briefing, their too much or for milk and sugar, was buzzed that their cherished dream was saving Iraq by bombing it was underway. The chesty you repent we decide Bush doctrine was cooked up pre-bush, fashioned over the last 12 years by conservatives like Mr. Pearl, Mr. Rumsfeld, Dick Cheney, Paul Wolfowitz, Scuderlaby, Douglas Fife and Bill Crystal. The preemption doctrine prefers ad hoc coalitions allowing an unfettered American strike at threats and potential threats. At AEI, Mr. Pearl, boasted that far from going at a loan, the Bush administration has a coalition of more than 40 countries in growing, and she says including Micronesia, Mongolia and the Marshall Islands, all of them. And he was already looking forward to giving makeovers to other rogue regimes, and rather optimistic that we'll see regime change in Iran without any use of military power by the U.S. he said. Micronesia, Michael Adine, an AEI scholar on the same panel called Iraq, just one battle in a broader war Iran is the mother of modern terrorism. As Bush 41 learned, waging holy wars can be dicey. After pressing the morality of desert storm, he faced questions about his post-war conduct. Critics have scoryed and Mr. Bush would label Saddam another Hitler, for turning his back as Saddam lead waste of Kurdish refugees and occurs in Shi'a Muslims rising up against the map to the war. Now, Mr. Pearl, who urged American to America to war with moral certitude, finds himself subject to questions about his own standards of right and wrong. Steve Leviton wrote on the Times on Friday that Mr. Pearl was advising the Pentagon on war even as he was retained by global crossing. The Bankrupte-Lock-Movement Communications Company to help overcome Pentagon resistance to its proposal to a joint venture in evolving a Hong Kong billionaire. The confident of Rummy and Wolfie serves as the chairman of the Defense Policy Board and influential Pentagon advisory panel, but that's why global crossing agreed to pay Mr. Pearl a fat fee, $725,000. The fee structures especially smelly because $600,000 of the windfall is contingent, I'm government approval of the sale. In his original agreement, Mr. Pearl also asked the company to show out for working meals, which could add up given his status as a gormon from the Potomac to province, where he keeps his vacation home along the Fectless French. Although his position on the Defense Policy Board is not paid, Mr. Pearl is still bound by government ethics rules that forbid officials for meeting financial benefit from their government positions. He and his lawyer told Mr. Leviton that his work for global crossing did not violate the rules because he didn't lobby for the company with serving an advisory capacity to his lawyers. But that distinction is silly because global crossing has so many other big names on its roster of influence pedalists that doesn't need Mr. Pearl's Gucci's fractual loving footwork advice on the process, his name alone could be worth $725,000 if it helps win the Pentagon seal of approval. His convictions have right and wronged the right and wrong investments. On Wednesday he participated in the Goldman Sachs conference call to advise clients on investment opportunities arising from the war titled, the implications of an imminent war Iraq now North Korea next question mark. Maybe Mr. Pearl should have moved the law or all read from his head or in place with a paper bag. Right, it's more wean doubt in yesterday's New York freaking time. Alright. There you go. A little bedtime story. Got one or two more. We'll get to eventually. Huh, mix of match. And then of course. Specialties, especially around Vazera Nazaree. Of course, BBC will continue to follow all the latest developments on this story, for now. This is CBS News today. Thank you, CBS News. God bless you. 26 after 11 at 5.60 WQN. Pompano Park is doing a baby four nights a week. We got great live harness racing. And you know, I feel bad because remember the Brian Sears call from Pompano Park? Yeah. I still don't think that was him. You know, I would have been much more verbal and the verbose in the complimentary, but I don't know. I think it was a crank call. We love you, Brian. You're the best. Anyway, Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday like tonight. Pompano Park first post time. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. We're going to be in the next week. This is your plan. Any questions? Here. All right. Oh, no, no. All the hard burn. No, no, no, no. Every time I see. No, no, no, no. Every time I see. Every time I see. No, no, one, no. I see me, see me. No, no, no. Hey, Brandon in the field.Hey, look him and awesome. Hey, Dylan,ennis rec was me. Definitely! Hey, did you see it? He is proof of Biden, inequality. I'm a sh**! You're awesome, I'm a sh**! Oh, what I get to go, go, go, go, go, go, and get to win all the more. If you want this, come along, let's run and see if it's easy. Oh, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, easy, then, love with me. Please, President, come, you don't care what it is. You got to be in my hook for a draw, just like Chris, we're all in, Oh, what does it do with that, but how it's all finished? We've got a great leader here with President Delphi. We're put on our team's honor, and we're just going to have a Christian right? Yeah. I'm a sh**! I'm a couple of s**t, they just walk in babies, believe me, and the wife has 114 votes, they got over half of the votes. Honey and her man, 49, she's got a pair. We can see Monica and her man, 32. I'm scrolling. Henry and Diane, 17, and to poor out what's their names? What's their names? Bob and 18 have a new one. Way on a bottom there, I don't understand that. What have they ever do to us? Don't blame us Bob and 18, we like you. You're okay, look like you're in a restore for a trainer. Well, they got to go to the dance of their choice. Well, there you go. So you're already conceiving, huh? I guess they lost. Well, we'll continue this, maybe they can find a way to bring us up. They're all winners. What are we with, words, he's gone. So what did you say, first of all, and I'm Book of Brian, did he do talk to him yet? No, I love some of that, but he has not caught up with it. Well, I'll find out how come he didn't say anything this last week. You jackass, you bolted a geek, and number two, what was the Carlos's mothering to me on the intercom? And he knows I can't talk back because it goes on a year. But it's fun that way. Yeah, screw you. What did you just tell me about? Oh, we have a new cartoon on the website. A new cartoon? Yep. Cartoon, Cartoon, my thought he was just stuck with a fish's cartoon. Oh, Cartoon, he sleeps with Jack. Let's see. Where is it? Above the other one. It is? Yeah, it looks like one big heart. Tell you talking about, there's no cartoon. Oh, there it is. We got such a long thing on your man. Ah. Is he still there? He's reading. Oh, the lesson of the letter, the letter of Achilles. I've had said less, right, until the lesson of Achilles. Well, there's your Achilles heel, W. This is a very disturbing story, by the way. I'll put facts to me stuff twice. Well, yeah, I know you're trying to be a... You know, yes you did. Did not? Didn't? What are you talking about? Didn't the facts be this twice? The letter from the facts from Jane and the one from George. What's his name? Well, if I did, I was, you'll talk to George. Anyway, this one, no, tough senior loses a ward after insult to elder bush. Bush 41, George Herbert Walker, whatever you want to call him. As tensions and this is from the Boston Globe. As tensions and protests mount on campuses over the war in Iraq, tough to university alumni leaders have revoked in a ward given to a senior because of her inappropriate and offensive behavior during a recent campus protest, a former president George Herbert Walker Bush. Oh, before I get to that, speed in the protest rallies in New York. Yeah. Yeah. It was on Saturday. So they showed the CNN, I was beautiful because I was a little as I watched them. I just happened to flip over when the reporter was breathlessly talking about the enormous number of people in the streets. And here along comes somebody right behind her. And he's got a big, big poster that says CNN is Bushman. I loved it. And boy, I was right there for you to see, but the camera paned off in that like the camera went, got hit by a grenade. And then a little bit later, kid walked right up in the camera. There was before him. There was one that said in peach bush, they held up the sticker in front of the camera. Another kid came by and flipped off the camera man was great. Anyway, tough university, the university is alumni association and independent group of close ties to its tough leaders. Has accused the student Elizabeth E. Mannon of making a vulgar hand gesture as Bush as he chided her in other protesters who disrupted his remarks about the 1991 Gulf War. Alumni officials said the gesture in other years made Mannon ineligible for the association senior award, one of the highest student honors on campus. The non-monitorial award is given for academic achievement and potential for leadership. Tough president Lawrence Baca was briefed about the alumni groups decision but was not involved in it. Tough and alumni officials would be saying. I mean, I didn't like that. So obviously she's an honors student was getting an honor for her academic awards. And potential for leadership obviously a brilliant girl. But because she flipped off, you gave the bird the express there. It was a real asshole. Right away, why are we taking me that award anymore? Sorry honey. I think she's a dishonor student. What a crocker crap. We ought to take a poll. Who the biggest blue doses in the world? University of Miami or tough to identify some other ones. We'll work on that. 560560, pound 560 on the ATT. And to orders at helicopter. There is a risk to your own troops certainly. But in this war with such a sensitivity and lateral damage, those rockets that can and fire can hit which you don't want it. Intent it to hit. And as we're seeing now, of course, we did the Americans did lose a helicopter and the field over the overnight. Yes, they did. The Apache is a good aircraft, but it's a bit of a hanger queen. When it works well, it works terrific. But unlike the Russian builds, a hunt or anything like that, you can fire these things with small arms and bring them down. Did he say it was a hanger queen? I think I knew him. What just happened? Did you just get him right here? Oh, I just became speechless there for a second. I thought you wanted to figure out the answer to the question, which I don't know. What is the answer to the question? What's the question? 560, pound 560 on the ATT. And to allow we got the mad dog on one hike from Schuillers at three o'clock. Panthers and a devil's any interest? No. At the Mcarine at night when the last home games. They actually scored a goal. I think at each of the last two home games, didn't they? They scored one against Ottawa and went against whoever they lost to before that. They're doing it, baby. Oh, Panthers, man. Am I keen anymore if you see him no more after this here? Here's Davey. Hello. Vee-be. Probably gone. What's the thing? Well, they're not going to hold on as long. I mean, I've been rambling and reading, but that's just the way it goes. Okay. During these precarious times, we're going to like play it by ear. You know, put on whatever we think is important at the time like the hot photos contest. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line as Neil continues pumping those numbers, looking for signs of life where at war there are kids and body bags over there. And people are dying. Little kids are getting boat you up and the of the software audiences gone. And you wonder why there's no big protest in South Florida either way. You're talking Lala land, man. It's 95 degrees in the shade every guy damn day now. It's only the end of March where people's brains are fried if they ever had any in the first place. What a place man. What a place. Let's call up C-span and all the other networks get them in here. So they can record only tremendous responses from the South Florida audience. Here's the call from Palm Beach Gardens. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I respect the actual our troops even though they can't read a map and we'll drive right into and be territory. But I drive a little while when I hear a TV that this war is for our freedom. How does that correlate car freedom? Beach of Autamine. I mean, if you went over and killed the sounds and lot, I'm next more for our freedom than I know. Uh-huh. It's just the plant that the fox puts on it. I'm on gaggling right by the river. I don't watch please do so. The baby don't watch that crap again. It'll write your brain. I turn around this morning after CNN and my wife with another room. I'll just keep it in mind. The F and Fox stands for Fascism. What's the chance is that the country of 250 million people that three people from one family can be two of them brothers and two of them governing them? Yeah. It's not money that is it. It doesn't have any new of them. No, it couldn't be. It couldn't be anything corrupt going on there. There's a free leader, of course. That's it. Family. It's a family. It's a family. It's a family. It's a family. It's a family. It's a family. It's a family. It's a family. It's a family. Have a great day. And back to you. So I think I'd have played a Michael Moore clip again. No tune. Definitely over and over again if you ask me. Well, not over and over again. Well, wait. My first I got to do this. And then I got to do that. And I got pressed the button up. And I've invited my fellow documentary nominees on the stage with us. And we would like to. They are here. They are here in solidarity with me. Because we like nonfiction. We like nonfiction and we live in fictitious times. We live in the time where we have fictitious, the black election results that elects the fictitious president. We live in time where we have a man sending us poor, poor fictitious reasons, whether it's the fictition of duct tape or the fictitious of orange alerts. We are against this war, Mr. Bush. See my new, Mr. Bush. See my new. And any of them, you've got the whole thing. See you, Mr. Kim. Your time is up. Is that what I was up? They got that music blur in man. Yeah. I'm surprised that it didn't just drag him off the stage. Of course, they would take two guys to do what I guess. Big guy. Nice going there, Michael Moore. Oh, kind of guy. I see, let's select him president. Absolutely, right now. All the things that will take away our guns. Good. A country, like I said before, a million times a country that places so little value on human life can never be a great country. You don't want to talk to this another priest-sex scandal story, do you? I don't care. Just keep it, you know, for a whole time, sick. Remember what the godfather said to Santino, a man doesn't take care of his family. Man at the spent time of his family can never be a real man. Same thing with the US and violence and with killing people. Life, it's just like cockroaches, man. Human life. And it's like I said before, it's like a video game. And we're sitting watching these images on the TV and there's a bleeding little kid in the bleeding five soldiers. Which I still say, I have no idea why there's no sense. I mean, it's a gross, gross test piece of thing. But we've seen it all a minute and times before. We only want to see their carcasses. I see. Well, we've already seen plenty of those as a matter of fact. Not a lot of that. Not enough. Oh, a few thousand more. That's one question I would love to ask. How many people have to die to make these people who are supporting this war happy? How many people do you need to die? I think about 3000. Then they would say, see, they've got 3000 of ours. Let's get 3000 of them. Oh, even though they didn't do it. It's got to be three, three, one ratio. Well, let's just go 3000 people in general. Yeah, I like this field better about 9, 11. Even though this has nothing to do with 9, 11. But America collectively wants to feel better. They want to feel better about that because we got nail. So let's go out and kill some people. Yeah. I don't know if they can sell those weapons to alkada. To al gold steam. 17 till noon at 560 WQM. If you want to get your carpets looking just like brand new without forking out a big bunch of cash. Dry concepts are magicians, man. Just like what his name says, Aussie Osborn says, You're a couple of bloody musicians. That would be said. That's what he says. No musicians. I love that spot. Anyway, dry concepts, technicians are fully trained in school and certified. They know their crap and they dry clean your carpets. Unlike anybody else in the world, it's an exclusive patented method. That's why I've used them in my house for over 21 years now. And once using the first time, you'd never dream of calling anybody else or Schleppin' home a bunch of carpet cleaning stuff from the supermarket. They do a miraculous job. They make your carpets look and feel just like brand new. They smell a lot of fresh to grind a couple of hours. And everybody else think he just went out and spent a fortune for brand new carpeting. They also do an unbeatable job of thing you were poultry. Let their furniture expensive area rugs, etc. And so on. And if you have problems with pet orders and mildewauses caused by water damage, dry concepts will form their magic on those two. So you ought to yourself and your carpets use these people once. You'll be pleased this punch and don't forget no matter what you have them do for you. They give you a written guaranteed price before they start to job. No surprises at the end. Caldrock concepts, tool free from anywhere called 1-800-248-5071. 1-800-248-5071, or log onto their website at dryconcif.com. Don't forget with dried concepts. You clean today and entertain tonight. And so we got yet another installment that is spectacularly how an adabin it is shown. You got the J.F.F.D.L. coming up as a very special guest in it. And after that we got another very special guest coming up to my road. That will be a J.F.D.L.D.L.D.L.D. What are you doing now? What are you doing? Mow! Come on, clip in my nose here. What's it to you? You just came to a morning show and cut your nose here. You're not going to be a good boy. You're not going to be a good boy. You're not going to be a good boy. You're not going to be a good boy. What's it to you? You just came to a morning show and cut your nose here. And ready I'm going to do about it. It's my show. I'm doing what I want. Just like I was telling that stream and tank they called all rein. That's not nice. Ready and made not nice. You see the size of that bruh under the book about jumble bulls. Somebody wants to pay yes I know what it is. I don't know if you know about promotions anyway. The only thing she's good for is keeping the farmers happy. Why don't you think she can eat an entire ham? Oh, oh, she's back in and out. Yeah, I can smell the Prince Machinma Baffilly. You have to go in the air and save those nasty things about me. Oh, there you come into my place of business. Don't you know we live like I'll go with it. I've had enough you, Papa Soul dead right here. Peace, wearing fossilized, meta-muse, self-moblerless. I'll see here, Fasso. You're fired. Hey, you fast-knocked. Come here me. Oh, I'm gonna fall. Sit on your feet. Don't put on his face. Dip on a crush. Oh, right. And between my buns. I'm getting out of here. Give me. Yeah, I'm getting a blast up for a shirt. And I'll taste. What do you say we just dropped most bag over Baghdad? Huh? Doreen said it's things worth in his hairpiece. 11 before noon, it's fine. She hates you by the way. 11 till noon is 5.60. I noticed we had kind of like a good set up there today. He was mentioned my name a little bit. Talked about you putting the ladder back up. Yeah. And he was talking about a ladder on a billboard. I thought he was referring to, of course, God forbid that. He was talking about a lot of things. He was talking about a lot of things. He was talking about a lot of things. He was talking about a lot of things. He was talking about a lot of things. He was talking about a lot of things. He was talking about a lot of things. He was talking about a lot of things. He was talking about a lot of things. He was talking about a lot of things. He was talking about a lot of things. He was talking about a lot of things. He was talking about a lot of things. He was talking about a lot of things. Yeah, definitely. We're concerned with taking care of the patient and the series of injuries that the patient presents it there. If they are in the course of their stay here they talk to us about what they were doing at the time. It's the military news conference on the wounded American soldiers at Ramosh teen air base in Germany. Work of the big business for Halle Burton writes Carolyn cool in Writers yesterday on the are at his new service. I'll rest it. So I just, no it's losing that weight. You understand after I had that stroke my head is like a constant cloudy headache kind of thing like I was dying over here, you know? And I'm sitting here and I'm eating and I'm finally I decided a few days ago if I'm going to like live. Yeah. I got to get with it. So I lost five pounds in three days. You know what I eat? I give up. No wise comments. No, actually this is going to sound pretty radical. Probably I'll get a call for my mother after I was. Because last Monday, you know, my first day I was on vacation and you were on at 9 o'clock, last Monday, go out to the store by a couple of things, come back in at 9.15. My cell phone is ready. I thought, who the hell is that? I pick up the phone I hear a voice saying, no, what's wrong? What's wrong? Can you handle it? Yeah, just it's just, it's never ending. It's just now the kitchen never ends. Because if I didn't tell her I was going to be on vacation last week, but nevertheless, ma, so anyway, I have two to three cheese burgers that I would no one will throw on with that. Pure Atkins. They have the shapers, frozen patties. They're really good. Don't have any crap in them. And I use a slice of low fat cheese. No, imitation, whatever it'll kind of cheat. And I cook one of those up with some onions and the cheese. And that's it. That's my lunch. It's my dinner. And if I feel like I'll have a third one if I'm real extra hungry. Now that I'm back working again, I sure I have only like two. And I like one of one a clock, I want it six or seven. And that's it. And I'm not hungry. I'll tell you one thing about Atkins seriously. After the first two days, right? If you can get through the first two days, it's great because you lose all your appetite for all the sweets and other crap that you're addicted to. But it takes two full days. And you do get a little cranky those first couple days. Like, ah, yeah, I gotta have. And then after the first two days, it's like you leave a line on your crab. You don't just get cranky. You get like lightheaded. Like I said, lightheaded. There you go. There you go. War could be big business for Halibut and Rights Curlum, two unroyed as new service yesterday. She says when it comes to making money for more in Iraq, you can match the firepower of the company once headed by Vice President Dick Cheney. Houston based Halibut and Company could build roads and bridges and camps for American forces and can transport personnel and provide other logistics and can fight any fires or back leaders, sodom who's saying might set. And after the war, assuming he was victory, and can help restore wax infrastructure and oil production. While questions are made over how much work will boost the company stock price, Halibut and his KBR engineering and construction division is basically the core of engineers to the US military, so Jim Worklin and Analyst of Bank of America's securities. It's expected that the Occupying Army's infrastructure could enlarge part B supplied by KBR, which is, like I said, a division of Halibut. At the same time, the company's oil field services business, which is second only to slumber Jay Limited, is likely to supply most of the heavy equipment to fight fires that Iraqi forces could send to oil wells and fields as they didn't quay through in the 91 Persian Gulf War. And should the US and Merge victorious Halibut in which developed oil fields and drills for oil all over the world, has the connection that businesses to play a major role in rebuilding Iraq and ramping the nation's ore production capacity back up to pre-91 Persian Gulf War levels? They have the businesses, they have the government relationship already well established as we all know, Cheney was the CE. Oh! So it makes logical sense to Dennis Walsha, an equity analyst who covers the energy sector for state-street research and management. A Halibut in the spokeswoman declined to speculate on what may or may not happen with regard to Iraq. She referred all queries to these equeries to the US Department of Defense and the US Agency for International Development, which both said that contracts were fighting fires and rebuilding Iraq's infrastructure have yet to be awarded, neither agency would disclose whether Halibut and its admittedly goods, which we already know they have. Reports earlier this months in the Halibut and wanted contract to oversee fire fighting in Iraq's oil fields, but that has nothing confirmed by either the company or the DOD. It is our information that a contract framework has already been signed, said Walsha who writes Halibut in a buy and doesn't only have it, she has nothing to talk about how the stock went up and got it. So now that Walsha is good for some people, Halibut and Dicheney, how do you like that? Walsha is good. Of course, the longer Walsha goes out like I said before, the more people get upset, more body bags coming back with dead bodies, and more grotesque pictures, and more rotsaurus, and more of the public support goes down in dwindles. In fact, I guarantee another day or two, like we had yesterday, especially, and do you see them retaking those pools again, and they're going to go down and just like during every war? See, when you sell a public this bill of goods that it's going to be an antiseptic war, and it's going to be like, we're got the greatest military and it's shocking all. And then you notice in those first couple days, all these great discussions that we're having in private with Iraqi leaders, and the Iraqis were, the regime was going to go fold up, and they were going to have some kind of a compromise. They were going to just, the ground can just arrest what didn't happen over and over again. They're in disarray. So the markets were soaring and a lot of suckers out there were so kind of stock like it was coming out of oil wells somewhere, and guess what? I don't even dare look again, you know? I'll punch up the building that work on moment here, but let's take a look at the old geez, close to 300 points. It doused down 281 and a half, and as decked down 43, I don't want to look anymore, because especially the best guys face, specs to be able to do on a financial basis until the company had, yeah, yeah, yeah, not looking good, baby. Oh, another thing that Brom's feel said yesterday, I'm a rambling all over the place, because things are popping into my mind. Sorry. He was excoriating the television, where the Al-Jazeera TV network, yeah, for showing those pictures of the POWs and the dead bodies. And he said, anybody who shows those is, no conscience and above a bond, he was just ripping them in as for anybody who would dare to put those pictures on. Well, I hate to break the news to him, but the BBC and the CBC both aired all of the footage yesterday. So I guess not only were going to go to war with the Iraq, but also Canada and Britain. The Shabbat Britain's were like our allies are only major allies in the whole deal, but now I guess we'll have to go to war with them too, because the BBC are very, very, very at least we'll have to knock the BBC towers off so they can't tell a Casnean. Right, it'll be a shotgun all campaign, I hear. Exactly. When in doubt, knock them out. This is Dick Kiny. I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdalene massage my balls while listening to the meal rotters for the one hour. Okay. Tony, I told you don't bother me while I'm in here. I thought, hello? It's Mickey Mouse. Oh, Mr. Mouse, good morning. How are you? What the hell are you doing to me? Nothing, sir? You're freaking telling me. No, not. I know David Kelly called me every three minutes. Why did we move the protest? Sir, you told me to move the protest. I didn't tell you, why did you must have been so understood me? No, sir, you said move the practice to Monday. Hey, hey, listen, but like I'm the boss. I make the decisions you take to heat. Right. You all move the practice. Okay, okay. How are we doing with it anyway? I'm home. Hold on. What are we? Remes. Yeah, well shot. The hell up. I'm on the phone, Remes. Why is it? Yes, sir. What was your question? I'm telling you, I'm going crazy over here between David Kelly and the Michael Jackson Call me every three minutes. I'm going to go out of my freaking mind. Hold on. Peter. Get him off. Stop it, Remes. I'm going to follow some son of Lauren, Remes. Peter. Let's listen to my hand, Remes. That's your beat as well. I'm going to go out of my hand, Remes. That's a full ball. Right. I can't hear anything, Remes. Stop flying the floor. Sorry. I'm the sir, sir. The moves are working out very well. The practice is four minutes times. What? And move it. Time's what? Why is that we even beating the WB? Fairly. Oh my god. Michael Jackson was a rating success. Hold on a second. Remes. That's the book. What's a hellie? A two-in-one with a harmonica. But it was a little so boring. Don't blame Remes. I'll jam that thing down here. It's real. And get that move right away for me. Oh, but come on, Remes. I'm allergic. I'm a loser. Sir, over 25 million people saw. Shut up,izer. Listen. Yeah. You see me? What I'm doing here? Sir, you're on the phone. I know. I'm on the phone. Do you see what I'm doing? You, Joe Imagination, are crying all along. I'm going to leave my hands up and down. I'm flying. I'm the puppet master. I'm sad you do it. Now, box is going to air all the stuff that you cut out of Michael Jackson interview. But sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him want to leave me. Stop it. Pop it, master. Me. Idiot. Oh. Reaver. Yes, the ammo. What's our hell you're doing now? Fixing the flow, though. It's nothing wrong with the floor, Remes. What's this in my ear? That your beat is both. My other ear, Remes. At the phone, boy. That's the phone, Remes. Get out. Go over to work. Get out.izer. Yes, sir. Kill on me. Kill on me. I'm sorry, sir. Kill on me. Sorry. Kill on me, softly. Come on, before. Lightly killed is another way we like it right. Very antiseptic. Right. So let's see. On the hot couple contest. I'll take your word for it. This computer just crashed. Oh, Felipe and his wife have 131. Honey and her man 55. I'm afraid we're respectable second. But they ain't going to catch Felipe. And her is a wife. Monika and her man 37. Henry and Diane 20 and Bob and a Dean still in last place with 11. Are we, we're, we're, we're, we're in the best. No way. Sure. And they'll enjoy that free dance. Free dance. What does that mean? They're not cheap. It's, it's not just the dance. It's a whole party that you get to go to the chief. Yeah. Oh, well, I'm letting you say that. It's like, like, three dance. And one of those places where all of you homeless shuttons go to. No, no, no, no. I don't have lots of flesh. Look at that phone. Baby, the phone is smoking. I don't have a call on the board. Not one call on the board. Well, they must all be over with rush. Now to get the real strike. We know through our people in the Iraqi Army, whether special or public in guard or, or fit a he who have a lot of allegiance to this, to this. Oh, you know something of your computer crash. Maybe your phone is screwed. Oh, I see one. No. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. A rather bizarre response here today. But that's okay. It's so smoking. The audience is usual. Well, they must be smoking something too. How's the other pool coming? A main pool on the main page. What do these statements best describes your fitting about the Iraq attack? It's all about oil and world domination. 188. It's long overdue. Let's roll. Oh, 183. It's a grotesque waste of human life. 118. Iraq represented no threat to the USA 82. It's mostly political 70. And it's about liberating the Iraqi people 30. So you take the percentages. Let's see 31. 31. 1. 1. I think it's about something supportive to say about it. Which leaves 68. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 2. 2. 1. 2. 2. 3. 2. 6. 1. 3. 2. 1. 6. 1. 2. 3. Good job. Got it got it. Okay. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Oh God. He ain't like I said he ain't gonna be on this show again. What an idiot man. This good. He needs to be right up with a guy name. You know, it's really interesting. Same old stuff. We got the war going on and a South Florida audience. Not capable. It's just the same crap. It never stops. Why isn't it? If it were dropping a atomic bombs on Fort Lauderdale would be any goddamn different. You got nothing but a bunch of nuckleheads who call us radio station morning noon and night. It never ends. I guess we exhausted the pew and you know, there wasn't one person who called who disagreed and you wanted to lie because just like Greg read, they got no balls. No balls. I'll sit here and listen to their bull crap. That doesn't mean I'll agree with it. I'll let them have their say unlike a damn who would like to have everybody on the air. Do in the ditto had crap. What the fuck did I do that crap? For some of them, I only would have his rush and Fox news never. Can I would be it? Does it be the two sources for information to American? I would be the end of it. Don't forget Bob O'Reilly on Radio. No, forget about him. Small potatoes. And you know what's the big impact he's made in the market place? Zero. Got a zero point zero. The anti aircraft fire and collision bombs lighting up the sky and clouds. The CBC's Henry Champ is following developments in Washington and joins us now. Henry, this was certainly a tough weekend for coalition force. Now we're able to hear that. Okay, let's take a call from Boca. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I know you picked the wrong week to be off last week. I've been dying to hear your opinion about this war for a week now and you didn't let me down. Okay. But anyways, did you see one of the Iraqi leaders they interviewed our days were shown him on CNN last night and he says, he soldiers, I mean, I disagree if I was the first part, but the second part was good. He says, the soldiers are a bunch of madmen, let by the president who's a madman in a trunk. And I'm sitting there thinking, yeah, I don't forget co-cat as well. It was just too much. You know, here's the guy. But it looked anything comes on these Iraqi scumbags. I don't I mean, they did my every single thing that goes on. They didn't have any up. There were no P. Racky POWs. I mean, they're just a bunch of lunatics. So, you know, it goes around. Of course. One last thing. Yes, sir. All right. Very good. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Here's a call from Weston. Hello. Yeah, one thing to say about another war. Oh, wow. There's another war guy. That's what he's got to say about it. All right. There's, see what I'm saying about the thoughtful, hawks out there. Yeah, thoughtful man. He's got a girl. Uh-huh. Let's go kill some people, maybe. Let's go bring some kids back in body bags. Make this guy feel better. Asso. By the way, speaking of Weston, I'm going to do about six hours on a Cleveland Clinic one these days. Don't ever go there. Okay. I have any other room in my living room. I have a piece of paper, a sheet of paper, that if I really had the balls speaking of people with both, I would I'd be a multi-mint in here. I mean, you talk about malpractice. You talk about just totally ineptitude. You know when I had this stroke thing, right? And the doctor puts me on the treadmill. I mean, it's just amazing. I'll give you just a little tid, but he right. You know how they have to send you an evaluation report after you go to the emergency room. Correct. He writes in the that the patient has no history of TIA or stroke. Hmm. Now do you think that I forgot the right that down or tell him that no, mention that at least three times. I think everybody knows that. But you see a little bit of embarrassing for him to admit knowing that when he puts me on the treadmill for a stress test, right? The same day that I show up there. Yeah, my heart's great. I got a good squeeze. Well, that's great. Squeeze this doc. Okay. Cleveland Clinic. Every experience I've had both at the one I'm a Gnebroader, where they used to be. Now the new one of Western is an unmitigated disaster. If I still had a dog, which you're resting piece, I don't, but I wouldn't send them there. I'll tell you that right now. The disgrace. And of course, the great claim to fame. Well, there are the doctors for the Panthers. Now one of the Panthers are sticking to join out. I don't know what one of them came with at home. Good. Golly Miss Molly. The Cleveland Ethnic Clinic man. They make me one of Puk. Here's a call for my me, V. Hello. Hi, the Ohio. Okay, sir. Listen, the only good thing for me that came out of this war so far. They went out to the track yesterday at Gulf Stream. Joaqua was out there. And I'm looking at the program and there's one race, one horse is called, um, showdown. And the other horse is called who's crying now. So the only thing I could think of. Okay, great call Hank and talk about it. Okay, old caqa from Gulf Stream. Don't put any more old caqas on here, Carlos. Just when you were started with him yourself, he got that nice big bonus tip coming for me. When I come back, but the couple more calls like that, it could like vanish in the thin air, you know? Make sure nobody else gets on. No, no, nobody is over the age of 100. Old caqas talking about the track, man. Talk about a tune out. Call out the hopper. He'll talk you about it. How's the hopper doing? Does it have you seen lately? It's all last week. Do you lose an answer to? Get where the Hank, I'm telling you. We're getting at that point. We're like right on the age, right on the line, man. Twelve and a pretty soon we're going to sound like that last guy to call. Twelve and it's past noon at 560 WQMD have $2,000 more on a credit card. If the answer is yes, then listen to this. Devoted Kated Consumer Counseling will help you and will cost you nothing. That's right. It'll cost you Zipo, not a Zipo Duda. Devoted is a nonprofit company. It'll contact the companies you owe money to and they'll cut your payments in half. Call 1-800-4-NodeDet. That's the number 1-8. Let me say it again. 1-800-Node4 and letters NODBT. Devitative will help you cut your interest rate, eliminate late fees and save your credit and will cost you Zipo. The bank pays the Bakedit New Pay Nothing. So if you're tired of battling credit card debt, call Devoted today and check this out. Call 1-800-4-NodeDet. Call and find out how Devoted can help you. You've got nothing lose. If you've had it with credit card debt, high interest rate, and late fees, call these folks Devoted Consumer Counseling and they'll be handling it from there for you. Call right now 1-800-4-NodeDet and don't forget to cost you nothing. Jamanditch, I am a pussy. The axis of evil. You've heard about it, but until now, you've only heard half the story. Now, you can experience the saltier side of evil. When you join, the axis of evil fan club. I did not that kind of club, Sodom. Oh, sorry! The axis of evil fan club has already been approved by the entire population of France. And when you join, we'll send you an autograph date by 10 glossy, a one of the evil, but lovely wacky nut jobs we run to ran. Dear, Incident, best wishes for an untimely death. You're so very much deserve regards you are loving Mullah. Plus, when you join the axis of evil fan club, the dog eating evil doors of North Korea will include a beautiful axis of evil t-shirt with his peace loving message. Check it out! It says, I joined the axis of evil fan club and all I got was his lousy t-shirt so therefore I deserve to die. Whoah, that's so cool! And best of all, joining is easy. Send no money. Just keep questioning the wisdom of naming names and the war on terrorism and your remember of the axis of evil fan club. Join today. It's up 16 and 560 over here. This thing you just asked to me about is the least bird Florida Congressman. Yeah. Garbage. Okay. He's afraid to meet his tipping off the enemy. He didn't like Peter Jennings because Peter wasn't who stepping it off for them. I guess I don't watch ABC news under probably a death. So I don't have any idea what Peter Jennings was doing or saying. But evidently, he took flag from the fast people in the real white wing nut cases. Which is amazing to me because Peter Jennings is all over the place. Peter Jennings. I'm surprised it wasn't Dan Radar. All of Dan is still a little soaked up. Yeah, he's still a little soaked up. In fact, it's funny. I mentioned that because he almost did lose it again. I don't know. I guess after the first day of the war, the first couple of American casualties and he came very, very close. He was like right on the edge. I thought, oh no, Dan, not again, please. We already got brokaw just losing it completely on NBC. Not again, Dan. But he managed to hang on. One of the things about CBS coverage, though. I noticed in flipping around the first couple of days was very sterile. It was awful. I just Dan sitting in the studio and seeing the nightline of Baghdad in the background. Yeah. And various shots of the troop movement and stuff like that. And it was sterile. We didn't, I guess they didn't have enough guys embedded. Seriously, if I ever heard that expression one more time, I'm going to blow somebody's brains up because, oh my god. But I'm ecstatic that the guy called a moment ago because there is a classic example of some real good dialogue and real good justification for the war. All right, excellent. Your hospital and by and by it's around 300 casualties that have been treated as those hospitals as a major days. One other matter of concern for us, of course, the fact that water pumping stations should be kept in working condition. And there is right now a crisis in the south, in the city of Baghdad, where one thousand people have not had access to drinks, water in Friday afternoon. It calls the electrical high voltage cables have been cut by some of the bomb conference. Well, it certainly sounds like it's been a long and harrowing day so far. Hey, straighten out your phone on that's a guy from the international red cross in Baghdad. And more on that, which is on our website, water and electricity supplies have been cut off in southern Iraq City of Basra for more than two days threatening a humanitarian disaster warms the red cross and that we're supposed to bring in food and help in these people. Well, that's after. Neither sources have been available since Friday, meaning water or electricity, potentially crippling hospitals and services all through the Basra, which is the second largest city in the country, by the way, after Baghdad. Electricity cables power in a major Wafa Al-Kaid water station, which supplies two million people and is the biggest source that region have been destroyed. The red cross is the station is under the control of the US-led forces and negotiations around ongoing to try to set up emergency generators. Florian Westfall for the red cross said we have not been able to gain access to the main water station today, so we'll try to do the sinthinging into moral. This was yesterday. 60% of local population are still with an access to a regular water supply, which could have opened away gigantic humanitarian crisis. We are really going to try and gain access to the supply to anything we can to repair it, but as you heard just the seconds ago from the red cross guy in Baghdad, it ain't happened yet. Oh brother, but it's just going to be real simple and anesthetic and butterving, but a boom and a piece of cake, see? That's way down the mountain to Surrey. Yeah, that's right. We're negotiating right now. They're all going to surrender, Yadi, Adi, Adi, and a cartridge in a peratory, and don't you dare to that's and show those pictures they violate an eva convention. Now is down 230 and a half points and as next down 43 and a half points. What's Ricky Tickie said to, oh my god, he was just on the gambling network. Or has been oil for obvious readjust a second or two, he must have given like one of those news breesley was squatting. I thought I heard one of those. Yeah, for Ricky Tickie Sanchez, good god. One more good read never to turn on the gambling channel. Dangerous. Here's a call from Summary. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. I just wanted to chime in a little bit about this whole thing. It seems to me that the person that attacked this country, the Assam of Enladen people and the people who did what they did to the World Trade Center. Yeah. I like it to somebody who's got jumped in a bar fight. The United States got their butt kicked in a bar fight. They didn't know exactly who to retaliate to. So they kick somebody that they thought would be the token. Oh, wait a minute. Let's let's let's hold on a second. Didn't we go to Afghanistan and knock the Taliban out of power and beat the crap out of them and to get a whole bunch of hell kind of prisoners and stick them all down there and get Moa. Didn't we do that? We did, but you know what there's one missing ingredient of sum of Enladen. This could be, we cannot bring to justice the person who needs to be brought to justice and they're picking on through this war to pick on a fact simile, just to satisfy what needs to be done and there's that's right. That's absolutely right. It's done into that guy, but it's done for control of the oil. They're using their using 911 and the emotion of the public as an excuse with the already it said this three or four years ago, 1999 when they set out their policy papers, there was going to require some catastrophic event to get the American people soften up enough to allow them to go into Iraq and sure enough it happened. Well, yeah, but they're doing it, it's a, it's a smoke screen for the American people. And everybody's hard to store it from 911 minutes to wrong thing to do though. The retaliation for 911 I'm all for and I support all the the countries and devours, but this is just, it's this attention in the wrong direction. I just wanted to put my two cents in on that. But you think, I'm sorry, go ahead. My family and I just wanted to do my family and I support and wish the troops the best and we want them home and it's unfortunate that they have to be there, but my family and I support every, every thing that this country does for this country and without exclusion, without anything. It's a wonderful thing that we have troops, those young kids over there fighting for what we have over here. And in that respect, we support them. Well, I don't understand though, they're fighting for what we have over here. I don't get that. No, they're fighting for our freedom side. Well, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. What does that mean? I mean, I support the troops too, but they were placed there by the government. They didn't have a choice, but they're fighting for our freedom against what? Well, well, wait, maybe I'm in spoke. What I'm saying is these kids joined join the armed services in this country, the fight for our country. I know they're not fighting for the right thing right now, but they're told to do what they're given something to do and they do what they're told to do. And in that respect, I support them. That's what I'm saying. Not the war effort, but the fact that they're overseas and they're doing something that goes against their nature and then in that respect, you have to support them. Okay. And hope that it doesn't take long. I hope that each other a couple hours is getting back. I want one more thing to say, since Rick, Sanchez left town, you know, Channel 7 has been kind of a okay place to turn, but now they got this guy, Ross low on there. Do you know what this guy is? No. These guys squat over the map at 630 in the morning when I wake up drinking coffee. I got to get him off the channel, Channel 7. I can't get him. Okay, program it out and have a great day. I think he could have gone on till midnight. Yeah. Here's the fact it says I'm a Vietnam veteran when I hear these military briefing on TV. They begin to sound like the same old battlefield lies. What you're seeing with these real time TV reports is an army that's mostly inexperienced in battle and led by a general Frank's who's committed them to battle battle plan is woefully unsuited to the task. The fact you says I fear the body count is only going to go higher, but I certainly have confidence in our commander in chief. After all, he kept the borders of Texas safe way back. Anybody who was dangerous, they just executed him as well. They fried the ranch. As planned in Hollywood last night, for the celebrations were muted and a number of the stars called for peace. Chicago, which was filmed in Toronto, led the awards. It got six authors including Best Picture and Best Supporting Actress were an opportunity to best actress was awarded to Nicole Kidman for the hours and Adrian Brody won Best Actor for his depiction of a Holocaust survivor in the pianist. He'll make up Michael Moore caused some controversy when he accepted the award for Best Off the Mentorate. We live in the prime, where we never man, sending us poor, for fictitious reasons. We live in Moore's producer Michael Donovan was one of four Canadians to take home an Oscar blast. All right. From 25 and W. Boone, no candidate anymore. You ask those down there at the macarina. You idiots who in the world see those are the same people who think that the French Canadians are what Canada's all about. But idiots, push the people who never got north of the Palm Beach County line. Hey, I'll tell you a place where you can go on the air. Have to go anywhere right to your phone and call our friends at Valence for life because they'll help you lose that weight. We've been talking a lot about how weight is man. The overweight is bad for you. A lot of fat people run around this world and they'll make you sick. Not a way you look like crap, but it'll make you one healthy. Eventually, you know, you can fool other nature for only so long. Eventually, it'll get to you. Trust me. So lose weight. They painless, just a simple way would balance for life and a great results to the beast has gotten. He's lost in your 60 pounds and he looks almost human. I was head is down to a size 15. No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting. Just great delicious food, three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks every day that would save liver right to your door and that famous little black sack. Once you've got your little black sack, it's like a Linus with a security blanket. You know, you got your food for the entire day. And if you eat all of that stuff, it'll keep you full. It's fresh. It's delicious. It's all kind of goodies and you get to choose between two alternatives reach meal every day that's around a program. It's all based on the principles of the very complex zone. You don't have to worry about figuring out because they do that for you. So get yourself back into good health and good shape. Lose that weight once and for all if you try it all at a gimmick's balance for life can do it for it. Calm today there's no obligation. I'll tell you how to program works. Call 9 5 4 5 6 8 30 2 29 that's 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 or visit their website at balanceforlife.com and no time at all. You'll look almost as lovely as the world famous beast. We ought to stay home. We're a Linjo G. Wait up. Chill out. Linjo G. Chill out. Before you send our men, be sure to count it 10. The crap out of your rack please listen to the you and win up. Linjo G. Linjo G. Wait up. Linjo G. 1232 at 5 60 WKM are hot couple of scantas. Now what do we do? We let it go until our morning and then we decide who wins. Yes. And then we will alert them and we will put more pictures up of the winner since we got a good idea who that's going to be. Good. Because I think the diet is already cast as they say Philippe and live 147 votes. You can go to thearages.com and click on where it says hot couple scantas and vote. Take a bruise of these five couples. Philippe and wife 147. Honey and her man 58. Honey bears all. Monika and her man 40. Henry and Diane 23 and Bob and Marl. What is it? Nadine Bob Marley. Bob Marley and Nadine Schwartz have 12. In last place. But they're wonderful folks and we appreciate them doing it. You know, whatever they did. They made an effort. We're not going to do this priest story. Are we? We should have a lot of open lines on the phone. I'll tell you this is just a shocker to me. Just amazing. But then again, the people on the other side which are we lies is still a majority of the public. They don't have the balls to confront me and take it. See, I'm going to say it again. This business of confusing being patriotic. And of course, the right wing is to try to do that going all the way back to right after 9 11. All the Democrats don't care about your security. Well, it's a pile of crap. Okay? The bunch of bull crap is if one party cares more about us being secure than the other one does. And they haven't stopped ever since. You either with us or again, as you know, it's that kind of mentality. The good guys in a bad guy's. And I'm just thinking the lead of our country is probably your creationist. You know, this is absolutely, or you can make sure. This is like, you know, the the most advanced nation on the earth. And he, you know, he's like, he's back in the snow and age himself. And he wants to bomb Iraq back to the snow and age. And he wants to put us back in the snow and age too. Yeah, he's got a good start. Believe me. We're about two thirds of the way there. And I'm just like, I don't know. I mean, I'm not a, you know, my own religion. I'm just a get agnostic or I'm a follow a major religion. And I sort of speak with he takes it upon himself to lead our people in his, in his holy war. And he said it's not a holy war, but the language that he uses, even with access to me, you signify that definitely a holy war. You know, and I mean, I don't know what, you know, what, what words you know, and don't forget about the born again Christians who are saying how Louie, he's leading us on the road to Armageddon. This is what it's all about. And we had, um, they had a hundred thousand people in San Francisco, 200,000 protests in New York. And we had Beach Fest out here. The, I'm not. With an evangelist. I think you got your thumb right on it man. Have a great day. All right. Thank you. Thanks. That's a good lead into the story from family news and focus. A website of focus on the family. Focus, focus. It's the focus on the family. Speaking of right wing religious nuts. Groups worry over USA, world and post war rack. This is just astonishing. This is where their priorities are. This is the kind of thing they're worried about. We got people being bushered over there. We got our young men and women. And we got a racky civilians and old children bleeding that and being those slaughtered. UNA bomba Grande. When the military job is finished and Iraq a liberal leaning government agency will likely try to push it to Jen and Baghdad. This says this again from focus on the family. A right wing much of nuts. American soldiers around Iraq, he's so now trying to liberate the people of Iraq. But when the military battle is over, the battle over a newer rackel begin and the social issues in the Islamic nation will take center stage. For months the state departments have been planning the reconstruction of Iraq. Including that effort is the US agency for international development USA. A government agency that has in the past taken a very liberal approach to helping nations. The most you're head of the population research institute is especially wary of USA and as liberal approach through the issues of condom use and abortion. As soon as the dust settles after the conflict USA will be sending in the condom pushes and the sex educators most you said, there is the view at USA that we need to remake these societies in the image of Hollywood or the image of Manhattan that we need to attack the patriarchal family. USA told family news and focus that the priority will be to provide basic health services to the Iraqi people and those services will not include condom distribution. How are the fact that USA has pushed its pro-contom and abortion use in other countries as many conservative pro-family organizations thinking Iraq will be next and then at the end of this it says, please contact President Bush regarding post-war Iraq. Thank you for his commitment to help the Iraqi nation rebuild the caution that the US has no business promoting abortion or condoms in post-war Iraq or imposing programs that work against the traditional family. Oh my god. Wow. Ties Redanwood what that quarter was talking about. Religious nuts. You know something if they want to go on a road to Armageddon? Have a good life okay we'll pack you goddamn Salami sandwich on ride but we don't want to go to rest of us aren't we're not to parade with you okay we're not goose stepping along the road. Who I would have brought? I've never called you. Oh yeah yeah he's going to send one he's sending one today and another one. So in other words a little ball tenta he didn't send me nothing last week. This was I was on vacation so now I have to wait extra time to get a what what is he thinking about? Did he have to wait extra get paid? No. I'm pissed off of Brian because he's been really greatly but nevertheless just to keep on his toes you know how emotionally he is. I don't want to get him depressed or anything like that. Get that stuff going Brian a little geek guy. And that's probably your fault you got him all whipped up with that treasury treasure island stuff. Frigri Allen we didn't have a treasury island. Well regardless that's where his mind is at now you know Ocean it's Ocean it's just like Miguel man. You think you got like Miguel? No seriously you think you got like Miguel's got a beautiful live in world friend who gets late five six seven times a day. You think that you know he'd be satisfied at this point. Is he satisfied? That's all he knows from me. Ask you a question. You know regardless of their situation doesn't like looking at good looking bodies and people. Did people okay which means a lot in South Florida. Just go to sunrise they'll tell you sunrise likes oh what's that the Marsini pictures? Sure one tomorrow let's see what he does okay maybe he'll flip it and his way too flip his lid. 21 till one so the billboard is still up. I'm thinking maybe he is a promising moment maybe Greg is drawn a line in the sand maybe he's going to tell Domicially let's go to him all ha don't say sand oh sorry. I'm serious maybe he's finally developed a little bit of a intestinal fortitude and said enough is enough okay we're not going to be bullied around by wacky jackie or by Domicially Loretto you of him or anybody else. I mean we've got balls that's something controversial Donna that's what just like that last thing I write about that's what she's got to worry about a U of M is a promotional billboard this is we've got balls that's got a hurricane dolphin impact or logo on top my god that should be your worst problem ever at the University of Miami sweetheart and I'll say it again I guarantee a janirino's got a lot bigger pair than you got although 20 till one at five sixty wqm for years I've been telling you about the health benefits of olio man I'm taking it from my blood pressure we didn't I'm doing great and I keep telling you about this because like I said it really works. Olio might solve health contained farma suit of great olive oil the best not ordinary olive oil but super concentrated loaded with health benefits lots of other good stuff in there. Olio might have been a can up reduce the risk of heart disease in high cholesterol plus there are 14 different olio and formulas for you to choose from each one combines pharmaceutical great olive oil with vitamins minerals and herbal support specific needs from your bones to your blood pressure the immune system just to the formulas that are right for you now there are three new olio man formulas one to help you sleep on how to control that weight and sell q ten for your heart you'll find all the emitted public's records while green soul food markets and around and sedanos or order it online if you like olio man America dot com for info column to free one eight six six Oreo man that's one eight six six six five three sixty six thirty three get your olio man today and start feeling a hell of a lot of health you and if you're planning on attending the NASDAQ tenest tournament this week make sure you stop by the olio man booth to be given away free samples and raffling away gift baskets packed with olio ad product so you can start poppin it in your push right away. potentially chund me new German This is what his name is Bush. He's a hamroyed in the tush. He picked a guy who would die, so we be alone. There's nothing in his empty tones. Oh, that's pretty high. I was a Christian kicker, but wasn't really the first day story. Elections and other like, plundering and looting, you know, for fun and profit. And killing. At that they are facilitation, and that's why I hope they would be facilitated by both sides in the current war. Can you look ahead for me a little bit? What are your major concerns about the reconstruction of Iraq down the road? I suppose the immediate concern is the humanitarian situation. We know that more than 60% of the population of Iraq is extremely vulnerable. And they have been dependent on the oilful food program. They are now in a situation where they must have terrible problems of having access to food, to water, to sanitation facilities. So now we're going to liberate you. We're going to come in and bomb a crap out of your country and cut down the oil and electricity and do all these wonderful things. That good? We're going to liberate them to death. We'll give you so much free time. You'll die from it. How do you like that? That's the one we'd be lucky. Exactly. Liberating. Why does somebody fax me this and Mike Mayo come to me? He actually say something or what I don't know. They didn't say crap. The battle within splits, the battle within splits, hearts and minds. And he goes on about the acrimony about those who support those who are against, well, he's right about that. But, you know, he reads things in a paper, see those comments from some Democrats. Oh, this is somebody talking to him. He's so anti-American, Peter Jennings, I scream back at the TV. Why don't you go back to Canada? You bomb? How do you like that for timing, huh? Peter Jennings, you know, he's Canadian. So therefore since the Canadians are in it. Why don't you go back to Canada, you too, bastard? He ain't Jewish, okay. That's why. Jack asks. Ask somebody to hear a word from the crap. Okay, as usual. How you doing, Mike? Pretty weak, column. 670560, pound 560 on the ATT. How is that, Clarets doing, by the way? Is he laying low or is he flying out of the radar, speaking of the war? I haven't seen him today. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Lying low. By the way, payday is tomorrow, Clarets. I just mentioned that in passing to make sure since it's one of his really big ass assignments. What are you going to tell me? How many fashion is that, please? Yeah. And that's right. Let's let Carlos, I mean, I know the voice goes to been showing up on time, which is damn well better tomorrow in the mail. But, uh, Carlos, the last time I had to get dicked around all day, you know? And he's getting tired of getting dicked around him. It's not if I speak in a dicked chainy, you know how he's always there. We were just complaining where the hell is the vice president. We can't find him right. Everybody's looking for a dicked chainy. So I put a big sign on my door here just in case he comes up to Canada and says, looking for dick. Here's a call from Hollywood. Hello. Hey, now. Yes, sir. Is Mike more a foggy like you? Yeah, he's not a foggy. No, I'm sorry. He's a head of a sexual, a foggy. See, there you go again. Like I said, there's two. Yeah, there's two. Only you faggot said it against this war. That's right. All the heterosexual population of the world is in favor of bushering up a whole bunch of innocent people. Right. But like the mom and dad that just lost their soldier boy. Right. Exactly. Five, six and poor Michael Mooreman. He's a really good tourist, don't he? Yeah. Yeah. Just got an Oscar last night. Oh boy. But that's what you're dealing with. That's what you do. A bunch of rednecky, a gun, toten, right wing morons. Man, that's it. He's got an religious nuts, which many of the same crossover. I love eating nuts. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. You know, God. Yes, sir. You know, something before I talk about the religious influence on the administration. I can barely hear this call, Carlos. Put it up. Here. Remember the situation with publics a couple of years ago, where they wanted to play up beat, you know, background music and one old, you know, foggy complaint. Yeah. They took the end. They took the music off. It's a shame. Sure. I mean, I mean, they're just so, uh, spineless, you know, I guess. I mean, can you believe a bunch of crap like that? Here's, here's the woman who's supposed to be this big, respected national figure. And she was the secretary of H.A. Cher. Exactly. And she's got no sense of humor. She's all sensitive about a joke of a billboard. We got balls. We got what I have to do with, with sports that every sports station in America, sports radio station uses a logo. We got balls and she's getting better on the shape of on it. Exactly. And the main point I wanted to make was supposedly in the, in the, in the issue of time magazine that's coming out today, there's supposed to be an article, I believe it may even be the cover story that talks about the, the idea of the people like Pearl, like Wolfowicz, having this idea that, that, that, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's what's guiding them to go in and take care of the good versus the black, and, and, and I thought we're going to react, not Rhode Island. Exactly. Exactly. Also, the other article I wanted to refer to in last week's New Yorker, there was a great article by Seymour Curse, who's a great writer who talked about it. Yeah, but, you know, I see more Hirsch, him in about 40 cents, though, by a half a cup of coffee. He writes more crap. You know, I would like to buy, I haven't said it right here's a matter of fact. But I, if I remember, I was on a radio, right? Yeah. Yeah. No. No. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I mean, you have to kind of read him carefully, but, see more, I mean, I think, you've got a few things about, you've got a few things about 50% horses. He takes about 50% truth, and then we've did it with about 50% fish, and the Pearl is even swimming in for that book by the way, although, you know, who the fuck is? Yeah, what does that say, right? Yeah. Thanks, Neil. Thanks a lot. Let me say it again. Project for the New American Century. Check it out. In fact, they have their own website, PNAC. Look it up, do a search for it, or just, let's see what, now do a search. Project for the New American Century. They got their own website, and they'll explain you in glorious detail, odd in put item. Their whole glorious plans. This was four years ago. They wrote all this crap up. The Bush, Cheney, and the Gromisfeld, and Wolfowitz, and the Pearl crowd. It's pretty sad, pretty scary. And once you've more scary, is that a bunch of Dodo birds like the two we've had today. You see, you can, you can have any opinion you want. I have no problem with that. The show is almost over. We've been on almost four hours. We had one person with a cogent, a realistic argument in favor of this war. No, no. Not one. Here's Linda and Boca, who says to the young 18 year old guy named Jason is pictured in the Sunday Sun Sentinel as a war supporter. Your science is that you're for our troops for our present for our country. So put your butt where your mouth is, and listen, go over to a rack with the other 18 year olds you're supporting to do the dirty work for your while you hold up signs and little American flags. Excellent point Linda. Very good. Beauty. Yeah, he's, uh, while he's, you know, his fellow countrymen, 18, 19, 20 years old lot of them are going to come back and body bags. He's running around waving a placards and signs. Nice going, Jason. You've put, 1251 at 5.60 WQAM. Hey, all you dog lovers out there. You're all at work all day long. What's your dog doing? Can't turn on the TV? Can't call and talk to me? Can't even turn on the radio? And going to the park alone is probably out. Dogs need their friends, too. That's why you should treat your dog to the best pet resort in the entire state of Florida. The world. Park Avenue pet resort. It's the only all natural pet resort in the country. So I have an idea to spot for your dogs. Your pooch will socialize all day with pals and gals and soft-matted players. And always out of the supervision of dog loving counselors, too. Park Avenue is a full service five star resort offering boarding and large-child sweets. They offer big care expert grooming on all breeds, too. When you see a place like I got. Huh. Oh, I see what this is. It's a week piece of copy. Who's this? Oh, Troy. Troy's you've got to be very impressed with the commiss and the lack of odor. Believe you may. I won't be like my living room used to be. And you'll also be impressed with the 10,000 square foot luxury facility, too. In fact, you could bet if tiny was still alive, he'd be there right now. Western peace. See for yourself, a park Avenue is all about go online at barkav.av.barkav. Peppresort.com and take a virtual tour, which you can also do while your pets are there. By the way, when you're on vacation, you can check them out on the online. Or take a real tour at barkav. Monday through Saturday at 1400 South Federal Highway in Hollywood, just one light north of Pembroke Road called barkav.av.nood.954 925 bark. That's 954 925 bark for boarding grooming and daycare. Bark Avenue pet resort. My. And local. This is sports radio. I see you. You. You. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. People. C course. Footoust. As ์๋ก teams, I stumble and I bumble just to talk is really hard. With every return note from power over Andrew Card. P music. Your. Five brain is made to do, Julie. Bush, earth Elbas moving. Has no opposition, and you have no uppitched music around it. I have no up in your team. Let's pose pretty hard. Come on, raise by the shot and wave of white collar cramps. Unless of course the sheety-ozer, cold fringe of mine. Take push. That's just let Oshama go. Take push. That airflasher is a homo. But saw these day attack us, but who don't give a crappy team push? Let's go, Sarah. Next for sure, we're in pursuit of people Jewish every day. Just like those drug lord's fan for shoot by OJ. Take push. You don't care what I'm doing. Take push. And I thought I was stupid. The media controls how you knew what to told the team. Or you didn't see it off TV in any show. The media is an arc and troll with storage there. There is spinning. No matter what those are all. It will just blame it all on please. Take push. I don't have no interch going down. Take push. Come on a higher ball of ground. It's that I wouldn't know how. He's a moral grouder and a f*** f*** f***er team. Oh, profile 57 and 560WC. Sunny in 52 right now we're going to make it to 58 today. How do you like that? Okay. How about you wood like it as opposed to like 98? Well, if it was like it was this morning but I'm sure it's not anymore. I doubt it. I doubt it. So they just had a piece from Britain where they were interviewing little kids in school, like middle school age kids, you know like seven and eight and what ten whatever. Yeah. And they were asking them for their comments on all the images that they're seeing on TV. They're saying, well, you know, the pictures come on. And we see all of this spitting and the bombs and the voices come on. And it's like it's like they're describing a game, a war game. Right? And that's exactly right. That's the way the, of course they're watching the BBC so that only knows what but if they would see the murkinet works with our cool scene and graphics. Right. That's right. And of course those orange alerts and all the other, the 85 different lines that you have to read at the same time. But that was down about 270, eight points by the way. The next day, I stand about 45. Not looking too good. Okay. I told that guy, don't count your prophets in the before their hatch. Does what I tell you right now before an orange snatch. Because now the things aren't going quite as smoothly. It's not going to be a piece of cake. It's not going to be like a walk into park and all of a sudden people to, uh, uh, oh, you mean, we got people dying over there. Uh, oh, you mean it's going to be more. See the 80 million, all of a sudden an hour this morning, I was going up to 90 million. That was just an hour. And keep in mind, that's just for starters. Right. Okay. When you're starting to talk about rebuilding the infrastructure and all the humanitarian aid and all of this other stuff that's going and I realize you when is, uh, isn't that interesting also that we're thumbing our nose that you went and we're saying that they're no longer relevant. At least, nobody is. They're no longer relevant, but when it's all over, we'd be delighted to have them come in and help us with all the humanitarian. What do you learn about that? That's exactly what it's in. We don't want to put the bill ourselves and do all of that work ourselves. So in other words, screw you, but when we need you will call you, is basically what he said to the you went. Call me when the party starts. Exactly. Well, let's, you know, when we got our job done, then you come in and, uh, suck up the rest. Pick up the drivings. Speaking of bizarre things, this story from the Sun Sentinel just amazes me. Lionel Tates case to be presented at UN Human Rights Meeting. The case of Lionel Tate, who was 12 and who was sentenced to life in prison without parole for clinger six year old girl, is being taken to the United Nations Human Rights Commission of Reverend Thomas Masters, say yesterday. Masters, plans to present Tates case this week to the Commission with Beats in Geneva, Switzerland. He says, the last to commission to intervene on behalf of taking claim that his sentence is a violation of his human rights. He's president of under our wings group working to eliminate the adult prosecution and punishment of children. The group has taken the cases of Tate and a thing of Brazil to the Vatican. How do you like that? Wow, that'll solve it. No comment. I mean, what's there to say especially a thing of Brazil? You know what I mean? No way Jose. Okay, we got out of time. 242 say the war is all about oil and world domination. As long over to let's rule 210, it's a grotesque waste of human life. One 32 Iraq represented no threat to the West say 97 is ghostly political 83 and it's about liberating the poor Iraqi people. We got how many? 34. Mad Dog is next. Hancock, out from Schulthe's a three. Bye bye. You're watching show. I'm flying. You're going to get me out of my own. This is the base of fat. Jew.