I've just tasted your smell. Those who are losing their joy, they're like a mess. And in fact, that's the way they do you. This is your story. So the red light is in the sun, whenever you get to the end. But everyone's just in the sky. Walk through hallway sideways. And these gover with your reload hair. Mama says he's on the fair. He's a king and some young people flee to the wall. We're not too short what's going on there. Stay away from me. Josh, screamer. There we'll think she's funny, but he's no stand-in. I'm watching him. No, don't do it. Josh, screamer. He's okay, can squeeze his knees out of my belly button and sell it by the pound. He's back. Got so bad he's got six loaders. Stewing wretched pile all over the room. There's staples of that down there. He's stupid. Just do hold in all that crazy old food. Stay away from me. Josh, screamer. You think I care if Chris Rordo like me? I think he does. Don't go through me. Josh, screamer. Come here, come here. She's like he's going to steal like he's going to use it. Yeah, he's going to steal like he's going to use it. He's gone. Bye-bye. That's the best news of the century. And that's one of the really great pieces of news. In addition to which the room where I'm here and about the Moan Gueldi show. Yeah. I'm here. They're going to keep like pushing them back one more hour into the night and then see if they show up. And what point do they stop showing up? I think the one to four A.M. I think that might do it. Don't you? Let's give it a shout. What do you say? Oh. Well, we'll see. Anyway, we asked yesterday. We don't have a lot of time because we got so many spots. It's really appropriate that the movie we're asking about in the first hour today is Glenn Gary Glenn Ross. Right? That's those leads. Yeah. Passable on to ourselves department because if anybody needs some leads, they sure is held do. What is going on with you? Asoles and at sales department, man, unbelievable. We're having a going out of business sale here at WQAM. No spots radio. It's it's it's it's we go from last Thursday when we had the transmitter fart for three hours. And we were running like 20 minutes of spots an hour to now like yesterday and today when it's invisible. It's invisible. Because I think part of the bill at the FCC passed yesterday was that clear channel gets all a radio spots. No, that's in the bill. If you if you it's part of the new law in America, if you're going to advertise on radio, it must be with cheap channel. At least any two percent of your budget has to be with them. Anyway, we asked yesterday because I'm thinking about getting another dog. I don't know. I'm thinking. What's the best breed of dog for a pet? But 246. That was what I said. Get yourself a mongrel. More times than not, they're great. 246. Labororatory, 155. Golden retriever 131. I hate dogs. 92 Asoles out there said I hate dogs. This explains what we've been up against all these years. 92 people. 7.4% of the audience hate dogs. And guess what? We hate you. How do you like that? German Shepherd 72. Don't know. Never had a dog. 63. Jack Russell, Terrier 55. It's a cult. What? No, it's a cult. There's something strange there. Something that doesn't meet the eye. Boxer 52. Beagle 37. Rotweiler 31. I don't want to read the whole list. Cocker Spangled 27. Greyhound 26. 24. Doberman, pinch your 23. Pug 21. Border Collie 19. Boston, elder, long-haired dogs. All kinds of collies, long-haired. Boston, Terrier 18. Bulldog 18. Collie 16. Be Sean for Z. 15. See, people like it, that kind of a dog. They just like the name. Which I think? I'm surprised we didn't put it on. What kind of dog is a, is a skipie over. Oh, he's a Be Sean for Z. Wow. God, am I impressed? Yorkshire, Terrier 15. Now is it 12. Why am I in or 11? And menpin, minster, pinch your 10. Pomeranian 9. And so about one. That's what I'm going to stop right there. Out of 1237 suggestions. For which we thank you, profusely. Okay. The first hour every day. Now we're doing something a little different. Don't have to discuss it. You can't if you like. But we're doing a preliminary pool part of the main pool of the day. The pre-pull. Yeah, this is a for-play pool. And each day we're asking how do you rate a different movie. Now, yesterday we asked about, uh, of course, Requiem for Dream. Did pretty well. Pretty well. It's hard to please subscribe. Today we're asking how do you rate the movie Glenn Gary Glenn Ross. Six choices. Never saw it. And you think a lot of people saw this one? No. Really? Really? Why is that? Because it wasn't like that. Great cast. Right. But it didn't have all, you know, explosions. It wasn't hyped. It wasn't promoted heavily in the theaters. Great cast. Al Pacino Jack Lemon at Harris. Kevin Spacey. Kevin Spacey. Alan, Alan Baldwin. Right. Morgan Freeman. Anyway, how do you rate Glenn Gary Glenn Ross? Never saw it. Neal's right. It's great. Good. Okay. Okay. Week or it sucks. Those are the six choices. And those are course will say the same every day. Now, last night I did. Now, we had many suggestions yesterday. I went out and I intended to buy them all. It's been a little bit heavy on the pocketbook. Do you have one of those old lady carts with the wheels and the wire carts? For what? For like all these DVDs that you shut that to the apartment there. Oh, yeah. They're pretty heavy, man. Oh, yeah. And your groceries. You started to sound like my mother now. Oh, how do you slip all that soda? Guess what? My, by my soda convenience store. Okay. Red across the street. Bitch. God. How do you do that? How do you have to rate without a car? How can you live without a car? See, I, this is a, this stage of my life. I'm discovering a tremendous number of people live in a big city. Don't have a car. Yeah. That's one of the great things about living in a big real city with it without a car. Right. We have stars. No cars, just stars. What do we need to drop the ball on this one? I'll tell you that. In fact, the WT, Oh, and the WH, whatever it is. My last one says you don't know who they are. They're a thinking today about maybe putting Toronto back on the trample of ice-relist. Oh, oh. I don't know why. I mean, it got 62 cases or something like that. But it's still all in three hospitals. Are they going to let you back in the country? No. And I'll say, Oh, right. Okay. That's the way you want to play it. Correntine. Now I did see. Oh, yeah. I'm going to come back and breathe on George Corso. The first thing I do when I come into building is I'm going to go in engineering. And I'm going to just breathe and slob all over the place. Oh, I see. Every piece of equipment could only be an improvement. And then I'm going to go into promotions. Oh, by the way, speaking of promotions, Dorine, Dorine, Ferrell don't need to see where we're running. Okay. So we've heard. I know you're trying to make an impression. Well, then you say he's like six, five or something like that. Carleton, I didn't measure it. She assumes that because he's a big tall guy, these probably hung like a moose. She just wants to look at it first is what I'm hearing. She wants to take a peek. But boy, you talk about screwing up before I get to the two movies. I watch last night. Screwing up everything. I have two suggestions which they'll never listen to me. They'd pay no attention to me in that place. Was what they'll do? Two suggestions that could improve WQA. I'm dramatically now. This moment. Number one. Ban All Marlins talk outside of the games in a pregame itself. Which were, you know, contractually obligated for that crap. Other than that, ban it. And certainly, don't be given away any tickets to Marlin Games. Nobody wants them. George said that last week, a treasure island they went out there with a bunch of Marlin tickets to the Boy. No one did nobody want them. There were people bringing their mart tickets to the game trying to give them to them. Yeah. Kill it. That's number one. And number two. What was number two? Oh yeah. Number two is don't let Farrell discuss sports. Do you see what I'm saying? Well, you're speaking to the choir. No, I'm serious. If he talked about anything in the world about getting laid about the designers. You name it. Bubble head packages. Get a get about it. See, see, speaking of bubble heads to give way. Bubble heads at the stadium over the weekend. They finally got a couple of reasonable crowds because they gave some free crap away. Oh yeah, you're wrong. It's the same neurotic stuff year after year after year after year. This radio station because there's nothing going on. I'll tell you one thing. If I was doing a sports show, I'll be talking about now as Brian Greasy. Wouldn't you boner boy? Absolutely. That's the big story. I mean granted it's only a June and it's football still a ways away. But that's the main topic of conversation and tell in any way when it comes to sports as football. And a Brian Greasy story is gigantic. And she's in there peddling him Marlon tickets to give away. Get away, Dorine. Okay, get away from that man. We finally got a chance. We finally got a contender when he was a leading. And you're going to screw him all up in a bunch of stupid ass Marlon tickets to give away. That nobody wants. And then what do I hear the first two or three calls? Oh, I'll take the free ticket. Uh, uh. No more Marlon discussions on this radio station ever. That would do it all over the liver happen. Would improve the ratings of this radio station by at least a full point. And number two for rail, no sports. Just crap. Just have him talking crap to ours. He is one of the great crap. But discuss it in and history of the business. Nobody plus crap like he does. But it's Greg Greasy and Arrosis again. That's what we're on to the appennelio. It's Greg Greasy and Arrosis. So I watched two of the movies on your list yesterday. I bought six. Let me tell you the four that I didn't watch yet. Which I've already seen one. Oh, man. These are heavy, you know what? Yeah. Way of the gun with Ryan's Philippe. I haven't watched that yet. Got it in my hand now. Got Ryan's gun in my hand. Shallow grave. Magnolia. Which this must be a real project. This one. It's a more these big fancy like. Memento was, you know, the packaging alone is spectacular. Any prog in there? Frogs? They're a couple of frogs dumped out of the package. And training day, which I already saw was Morgan Freeman. I mean, the dentist. Washington. No, I see. I'd put it before the show. And I'll admit it. I don't know if it's one of my worst things that I just can't do with actors, actresses, names of movies. It just something I'm not good at. I'm terrible at it. I thought like hardest drivers. No. That's see if I could clear out some room. No, see, this is a guy doesn't know. Dell in scope from Dell manji. He doesn't know Keith Wapels from Randy Wapels. That's your problem. I know all of these things. I've seen only have. It's like it's like hard drive space. Right. I'm your brain. I only have so much space on here. I got to clear some out. I can't do it. I need a lot of money. So when it comes now that I'm all moving intensive and I'll whip up. I'm very enthusiastic about this. I watched two pretty good movies last night. One was great, which I'll get to momentarily after we do the break. Because we got so much business today. Somebody better have it invested. Somebody better give ourselves department the Glenn Gary Glenn Ross leads. Or maybe get some real salespeople back there. Maybe that's the answer. Right. I like Baldwin needs to come in and give you a week. We need to have a seminar with Alec Baldwin leading the way. Okay. Tell him to fish your cut bait. Close. You're always got to be closing. Close the door on your way out behind you. That's what I would say to most of our so-called salespeople. Close the goddamn door on your way out. And don't turn around and come back. Boy, it used to be bad, but now, now that we got no more John penis. Stop and think about some of the marginally decent salespeople we used to have there along gone. Right. Can you think of any besides John penis? Brian Brian. There you go. Good Brian. What's his name? Yeah. Brian Morgan Freeman. Brian Schmutz. He was good. So he's not a spots on this show. But what do we got now? Now we got Skippy. And now we got people whose names we don't even know. And we got fat boy who spends most of his time in a hospital being guarded around and sluffing up and down the hall on his walker. We had Jackimo who lectures Carlos. Who is- Oh yeah. We got fat guy. I missed there. No. He says Carlos is a liar. Yeah right. 1014 at 5. 60 WQM by the way, Joshua there or did not get- did not get beiner boy paid on time. Not going to get paid on the 10th. Nice going, Clarence. Also didn't get us any answers about this spot thing we got going. Here's a question for you. How low can they go? We're talking about rates of course. Now financial group has the limbo under the lowest refinance rate going. They're doing the limbo rock. How low we're talking 1.95% that's true. Now you can refinance your homer by a new home and get a super low amazing almost unheard of. 1.95% financing with financial group. Call 1-800-940-Lend. That's 1-800-940-Lend. If you're even thinking about refinancing your buying real estate, call financial group and you talk about savings check this out. If you have a $100,000 loan with these folks at cost-233 and 68 bucks a month, if you have a $200,000 loan only $736 a month is on your pay. So, call financial group toll free 1-800-940-Lend. And get the low rate you be looking for 1.95% If you're a great to have it all time low, so no wait call now and get that rate. 1.95% from financial group. 1-800-940-Lend is the number to call that's financial group and 1-800-940-L-E-N-D. They're an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions apply and rates are something to change monthly. 5.19 APR. 5. local V6 is 560. They're in use on your... QAM! Spread them and say cheese. OK. Spreading like crazy. Spreading their germs. Soon they'll be buried in here. And eaten by worms. People don't come together. People may stay apart. Nothing can stop it now. Because we are all scared of stars. Damn! Don't go to Asia. Don't go to Hong Kong. No. Stick near of Toronto. Hey, hey, hey, hey. If you want to live long. People don't live forever. People must don't be hard. But no one wants it to happen now. That's why we are scared of stars. People don't come together. People they stay apart. 10.19 is 560. W.K.M. happy Tuesday too. I think you're going to find yourself wrong today for the first time. I mean, I could be wrong. It's early in the going. Only got 45 votes. The poll just went up there. But now yesterday on Requiem for Dream almost 56% of the audience never saw it. Right? There is so far in the first 45 vote. Then Gary Glenn Ross 51.1% of the people didn't see it. I don't think I got 52. Well, it's a little better. That's my point. See you on a knit pick on the number. What I'm trying to say it again. Yesterday, Requiem for Dream 50 just under 56%. Never seen it. And right now, I got 51%. Yeah, still never saw it. Out of the first 47 votes. Neal's right. It's great. 18 38.2%. How does that compare with the C? Look at that. Not even close. Although I would have to tell you, I liked Requiem for Dream much better. Gary Glenn Ross was actually, I'll give it 4.5 stars. How you have five stars to Requiem for Dream. But this audience, there've tasted many of them as in their Tusses. It sucks three. Good two. Okay, none and weak none on the first 47 votes. That's pretty good rating. Yeah. And you're telling me that nobody's seen it. I'm over half didn't see it. Yeah, but if you pick any movie other than, well, not tomorrow, we're going to do Memento. By the way, if you go out to rent it or buy it to staff and answer, you can watch it and vote on it tomorrow. It's not Memento. It's a moment. What would your life in about that? That's what I first thought it was. Why are you laughing? Because I guess I saw it written first before somebody. What is the name of the movie mean? It's like memory. Like a Memento, like something that you have to remember someone buying. No, no, that's a Memento. It is. It was an, oh, was it? Oh, yeah. You mean like a keepsake? Right. Do you, you're telling me that all my life I've had that word wrong? Maybe I'm wrong. I don't know if I hear a Memento. I thought a Memento, like a keepsake was spelled M E N. Or do I do a thing on the dictionary on the Internet? I'm like a goober boy. Memento. But anyway, we'll do that tomorrow. And I have no idea because I don't know what it means. Huh? No, there's some people that saw it like the first five minutes of it. Oh, yeah. I forgot, sorry. Here's my me late, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how are you Neil? Great. Hey, where the good leads? So let me tell you something. Your leg dirty, Glen Ross is on my list of one of the best movies I've ever seen. Yes, it's great. And I've been selling for 28 years, Neil. And I'll tell you something. It really, really grabs you. But the thing I want to talk to you about the movie is this film, a legend called Jack O'Lean. Yeah. He's an American icon. And I don't think she's ever used a swear word in any other movie that he's ever made. Well, if you count up the time he used it in Glen Gary, Glen Ross, it's just amazing. If he just used the upward at least 50 times, and there's a scene where he goes off on Kevin's face. Right. A little jerk that's his wife. He's making up for last time now, Jack O'Lean. But that's the greatest scene in the movie where he goes off on Kevin's face. And he just ripped the hell out. It's wonderful. It's one of my favorite movies. And I recommend this strongly to everyone. Excellent choice. Thanks, Paulie. Thanks, Paulie. So I want to know how I'm doing important. M-E-M-E-N-T-O. A reminder of the past, a keep-sake. Carlos hit it because we were discussing it. You're thinking of our use serious Carlos figured it out. You're thinking of Momento as an unmomento, because you think in Spanish. No, I don't. I'm here too long. No, seriously. I'll all of my life. And I probably, the reason being, I never saw the word in print before. You know what it's like? It's like when I was reading that article about the pot. And I came to Huka and I said, Huka. Because I've never, I get a hookah. No, no, seriously. I've never seen that word in print before my life until that article. Waterpipes, sir. There you go. No, no, seriously. I had never seen Huka in print. Have you? Yeah, listen, watch your land. Oh, please. You wrote Alessay Wonderland. I just read it. We mean, they made it. Well, I probably read it too, but it was about 100 years ago. Huka smoking counter for my right. Right in my elbow. Front and center. So at any rate. So that word I had screwed up. And then, of course, we get to this in my whole life. I don't think I've ever seen it. I thought a keep sake is have a momental with an M.O. But you're right, Momento. You're thinking of some sunrise. Who many years in South Florida? Oh, my God. I think my brains have been fried. How embarrassing. You're being spicicized. Not even 10 30, and I'm already learned something like that. I'm dumb. Of course, look where I work. Look where I work with. So I watched two movies last night. And speaking of the general topic, I will say this because I've been very intensive on this for like almost a month now. The main poll of the day will be an opportunity for you to get out of your system. About all these shows about movies. Okay. I mean, we do talk about a few other things like dogs. And like about the fascist government things like that. But we've just become a little bit intensive. I'm an owner. People seem to like it, but we'll find out. I watched two movies last night. One pretty good. Not great. And the other one excellent. I want George to get carried away. No, it's all right. I just liked it better than the other one. There were two months. No, I didn't. Not at all. I liked it better. The river runs through it. I thought was much better than legends of the fall. But that's a matter of taste. Legends of the fall was worth watching. Anthony Hopkins. Uh, was good until he had that little problem. But. And I don't know. He didn't have a beautiful mink coat. I love his mink coat. But. And Brad Pitt was good. And there he could. He used to haircut every once in a great while would have been good. And maybe a bath might not have hurt. Well, he wants to fire in, you know, it was part of the love. But it was good. I give it three stars on a scale of five. That would be my own personal rating. Legends of the fall. It's worth seeing. If you like Brad Pitt. If you like Anthony Hopkins. He was excellent. Adrian Quinn. The Eden Quinn was good. And also even now. What's his name? The other brother. There you go. And what's your name? Oh, I forgot Juliana Margallis or something. I'm not sure who I forget Juliana Margallis maybe. Oh, yes. It was a lot. I don't know when I saw it. I would have time to find it. Anyway, you know, if you're one of those people, like I said, who likes a George likes it. He wanted to meet a the reason that he likes that and the river runs through it is because it's a Montana. No question that he's obsessed with Montana. Because when he was in Montana, he got laid like every hour. Right. So that's that's why he's obsessed with it. He wanted to like the Dakota is in Montana and it was Dakota there were times in the movie. Well, one of the, he thought that math that his father made. Don't you remember that book you were and it was the big map of the Dakota is in Montana. But there were times during the movie when I felt like I was watching Venanza or little house on the prairie or maybe like a combination of both Julia or Mond. Thank you Carlos. You know what I'm saying? Yes. It was a little bit a little house on the prairie at times. Yeah, but it was just something about the, I don't know about the whole story and about the fly fishing and Brad Pitt's fly. I don't know. But the movie I watched last night that I liked a lot, which I'd give four and a half stars, drugstore cowboy with Matt Dylan and Kelly Lynch and had the gram right under hat. I keep the hat off the bed on the late dammit. Well, I tried first to have was on a bed and then she was on the flow. Yeah. Next thing, you know, she's on the flow. He won. She looked kind of like purple on the, I'm not going. But in any way, drugstore cowboy is very good. Matt Dylan for whom I had the minimal regard as simple a couple of movies. I always thought he was like, I don't know, very predictable. Always doing his Marlon Brando Junior routine. But he was excellent in his movie. Did a great acting job. Everybody was good in it and what's not to like. It was a little bit like some of the scenes because it was related with drugs. People had a little bit of a little bit of a drug problem. And there were some scenes that were reminiscent of of this. I like the ice test. The priest was good. The drug addict priest and I also liked the fact that Matt Dylan said, Oh, yeah, I knew a father or two whatever his name was a user. I was an altar boy. He always had the good stuff. And you remember when he crossed himself after he buried that bitch. I don't want to say which one could that be a giveaway. But he crossed himself very quickly. But you know, still programmed force a habit. It's kind of like when he walked in the priest's department there and like whipped it out. Can of course I have it. 28 past 10 at 5 60 WQM if you're carpeting is schmutzie. If it looks like the end of the universe. It looks like the heavens just unleashed garbage on your carpet. Do yourself a favor and call dry concepts. I've been telling you people about this for over 20 years. That've been using them in my home for well over 20 years now because they're the best. Are they only people in the world who dry clean your carpeting? That's exactly what they do. It's the same kind of method they've used to drag clean your clothing. Which sucks out the deep down dirt way down in there that you can't see. We certainly can't smell it. If you leave it around long enough. And they also do a stupidious job of drag cleaning your drapes. You're expensive area rugs your oriental carpeting. And of course also your leather furniture, your poultry whatever it is. If you have problem with pet otis, they can adorves and pets or milled the rotors. They can cause by water damage. They can make those disappear in a hurry too. And one thing you never have to worry about with dry concepts is whether they're going to rip you off. Because not only they give you a fair price, but they give it to you up front in writing before they start to job. How can you beat that? So do yourself a big favor called the professionals at dry concepts. You'll be pleased as punch. Call them tool free 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 log on their website. If you liked rock concepts.com, and you'll discover for yourself that with dry concepts you really can clean today and entertain tonight. We're sports radio 5 C4. You a M. Sports radio 5 60. You a M. You get a lot of it. Five. The Rogers are sports old radio W2A. Webnet comic Jeff Foxworthy has finally gotten a new act. That's right. He's changed his name and has a brand new CD. It's Jeff far Foxworthy's. You might be an infidel. You know, I live. We know how to spot an infidel. If you're car in your house, both have a roof. He might be an infidel. Jeff far Foxworthy's. You might be an infidel. Was taking Middle Eastern countries by storm with weapons of massively funny material. If you've ever seen a woman's ankles. Impubly. You might be an infidel. He's more hilarious than the former Iraqi minister of information. He's Jeff far Foxworthy. If newscasters don't have to practice pronouncing your name. You might be an infidel. If you've never stolen a 5000 year old relic from a national new leon. You might be an infidel. You might be an infidel. The new comedy CD from Jeff far Foxworthy. Available with the 60-foot deep crater that used to be the bagged at best by. 1032 at 560 W2. I'm one of you staff to wait as long as that by spythe get waited on us. You do it the other ones. The DJ Valentine says Momento is long for memo. He had memo all over his body. Yes he did. But let me just say this to you which you'll find most bizarre. Because I'm positive that I've seen the word Momento spelled M.O. And how do we get into a spelling thing? I'll not just bring him home. So I go to the Miriam Webster Schwartz dictionary online. And I type in Momento. And it's like an alternate spelling for it. It can be spelled either way I guess. And when you look for Momento, one of the searches comes to Momento the movie. It spells it both ways. I'm sure I'm looking at it right now. And if you click Momento the movie, you get a review by the movie pun. I got Momento's when I tried to put in Momento. Now, and then here Momento movie spelled with an M.O. And it says Momento by then. But they spelled it the way it spelled it in the movie with an E. One of the strangest most frustrating films ever seen in the long time. Imagine a roller coaster mixed with murder mystery. And you're long to stand half of what the film is. But I warn you this one will make your head hurt. That's a good review. I like that. That's so hard to get like that. So I take back what I said. I wasn't wrong. I was like not fast and not slow. I was half fast. I was like, you can be twisted between between a crocodile hard place. Huh? Is that bizarre? What? I know I have seen it in writing, but I've always seen it a Momento is M.O.M.E.N.T.L. You've seen it. I see it all the time, but it's always like they're using Spanish slang. Like Un Momento. No, that's not what it's in regard to. No, no, no, a Momento isn't a keepsake. As in something from the past, something a reminder of the past. Got it? So anyway, we got that'll be tomorrow moment. But in the meantime, Glenn Gary Glenn Hill Glenn Ross, very encouraging, is a lot better than you thought. You said nobody's seen it. 135 votes. How do you rate it? I tried talking about it through invocation shows and like, you know, here. Yeah, but listen's when you're on. Oh, that's right. Anyway, never saw it 65, 48.1%. Neal's right. It's great. 50, 37% and how much did Sarah have Sarah Goldfarph? 23%. See? So they like this a lot better. Well, that's because over the years, they've heard us talk so much about sales. People, what assholes they are. Sales people are ISIL. And so they like him to bug up their ass. Plus of course, we have a lot of sales holes out there. Tough job, man. Tough job if you don't believe me, watch the movie Glenn Gary Glenn Ross. You'll be wanting to get those leads. Please, please give them to our sales department when you're done with them. When you've gone, when you've cherry picked them, give whatever you got left to our sales department again, heard. Go steal some. They couldn't sell a glass of water to a starving Jewish millionaire for a dot for a penny. Never saw it 65. Neal's right. It's great 50. It sucks 10. Good eight. Okay. One and week none. So negative to rate only 10. Only 10 out of 135. Whereas opposed to what's your name, Sarah, it sucks 7.7 per an. Same thing. See, we've always got around 7% they're going to say no matter what will be we put on or it sucks. Okay. And probably because they would like to suck, but they can't find anything to suck on. That's probably for the original. No matter what movie no matter what issue. Right. It's the same like with all our political issues. We have about 18% that will always suck Bush's ass. Whether it's Jeb Bush, George, W. George, Senior, Prescott Bush, whichever fascist we're talking about, George P. By the way, is that interesting how our governor is trying to use that fetus is a political football. He wants to appoint a court-appointed guardian for a fetus. That can be messy. Oh. Attaboy, Jeb, you're the best baby. How could anybody vote for that man? How could there's a picture in the Toronto, in the National Post-Aim this morning? Yeah. Where they talk about what an asshole he is. I don't know just about form. You just look at that picture in your city. Well, probably because he ran against another dead man, Bill McBride. Who? Exactly. Democrats have a death wish. That's what the de-stains for a Democrat death wish. Now this can't be for real Sydney, Australia. So, I'm in Sydney, Australia. It's about quarter of one in the morning here tomorrow morning. I'm leaving for New Zealand for a few days. Then I'm off the Maui. What happens? I leave Florida and now you're back to ten to two. You got it. Oh. I'm skipping around. I was checking my emails, Jo, Dan. I said, Jesus, I haven't kept up with what meals going on. What happened? They got scottes. They're all in it for all. And they're no. Yeah, that's right. Don't dem want them break. This is Danny from the Atlanta. Oh, he's on the rugby player. I got a favor for you while you're in New Zealand. Well, let me just give you the lowdown. I'm a bad vacation because all the stuff always comes down when I'm on vacation. When I'm away, they always play, you know. Right. Come back on a Sunday and I get a phone call to hours later from mufflands. Our program director and she says to me, what do you think you're going back to ten to two? And I said, oh, right. Yeah. I said, but I thought that man did you only wanted the work one to three and all that kind of stuff. So they had to be a lot of things putting around there. He's on two to four. What's wrong with that? It still sounds like two hours to me. I mean, what's right now? I just thought he wanted the work one to three. But they're trying to blow out the morning guy. They're out of want to mention how are they? Do do do do do do do. I don't want to mention what they need. Please, let's that happen. Tell him I've got a nice 50,000 want radio. Station and per taking go to. There you go. George, what do you need? New Zealand. Do you have your pencil? It's Haka. H-A-K-A. The Maori do a couple. I want a videotape of a Maori Haka. H-A-K-K-K is what the New Zealand rugby team does. Right. Right. The conditional Maori. Yeah. What George does is Haka, China. He's doing right now. That's what he's talking. I want to read you through some Haka's. George, when I get back to the United, the United States, the United States. There's a group of people. A group of pollinators in Fort Water, they ordered all. They don't. They can't find it. No. No. The website is drums of pollinators.com. These people are native New Zealanders. And pollinators. They do the Haka when they do their things. I swear to God. All right. Drums of pollinators. The Giont charge is RJ-R-E-W-I-I-E-W-I. R-G-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-E-R-E-R-E-L-I-M. I listen to you. I need your salary to pay for this calls. Okay. Thank you. Bye. Wow. What the hell? Remember that bit we had? Do the Haka and get a blow job or something like that? We... So we're still discussing how you spell the mental momento. The making of the entire spell that you really should see the movie. And I know most of you, I don't think most of the people in this audience are emotionally stable enough to watch that movie. And come away without going, but look at what we're like for a long time. Maybe if they watched it in reverse. Making a dodge which we were yesterday had won a dwell on it because it's boring topic. I used to a lot of people, but alert dog saves two men and another dog from fiery death and willed manners in this morning's Sun Sentinel OLS. Just like a cat would. Just like your pet dribble would. And alert dog saved its sleeping masters life early Monday morning by awakening him just as fire erupted in the back of the home of firefighters and willed manners said. The dog, a six year old female air-dale carrier. We didn't have any air-dale carriers on our list. So, named Hunter. Escape from the burning three bedroom on bath house on a 14-year-old block in Earthy's 27th street along with its owner. Another occupant and another air-dale named Chance. As in fat. Chance. Like Josh Friedman, you think he's coming back? Fat chance. The residents, Paul Kinser and Scott Moore lost everything else. They've closed on their back a cell phone dogs and the vehicles to the blaze, which was believed caused by electrical problem. Last Friday the home's owner smelled smoke in the floor to rumoury next to the garage toward the rear of the house. He checked and found nothing. The owner told firefighters he had recurring problems with electricity. Electrician and Cumber couldn't find anything wrong. Saturday the owner bought two smoke detectors with the intention mounting him over the weekend. But the problem disappeared again since he's been out installed. I don't think they're allowed to mount him in the wild manners, are they? Only from the rear. Early Monday morning found the dog hudder sleeping in a several room out chance, left in the master bedroom around 5am and agitated Hunter in the bedroom. He began scratching at the bed and applying the owner until he got out of bed. That's when the owner spotted flames at the end of the hallway next to the garage. How do you like that? The dog came in there was barking and scratching and carrying on and yelped out. Faaaming! And that's what comes to the... Spruing them to action. So nice dog. There's another great job by dogs or best friend. They're great. You love dogs. And you 92 assholes are sitting at 8 dogs. Okay. That's for you. There's another one. It's Stan people who don't like dogs. Of course a lot of those 92 people probably have never been around like wheel dogs. Probably we're exposed to those nested little yippie biting designer dogs. Ten, for, in fact many of the names that we had on the list yesterday were like designer dogs. That's not, I like a wheel dog. Right. Not a designer dog. 1041 is 5.60 WQAM. Let me tell you about dial-mathrists as we've been through it doing on the show for a long time. A lot of people wonder you talk about it. Do you really sleep on a mattress from dial-mathrists in the answer is... ...or as simply yes. And the reason being you won't get a better deal and you were on a planning you won't find better merchandise. And you won't find a company more dedicated to customer service than dial-mathrists. There weren't number one in the world at customer satisfaction even down under. One quick call to 1-800-mathrists. And you won't believe how easy it is to pick up the perfect bed for you depending on the way you sleep. Like upside down vertical horizontal, etc. The expert vet and consultants guide you to the whole process. They know the product details and couldn't be more helpful if you stuck a gun to their head. Ever go to a showroom, forget about that. They try to steer you toward their own house brand, which is usually crap, or maybe a discounted set, or a mismatch or something like that, that they try to get rid of. Data-mathrists sells you only the best in the world. Sealy, surdous, Simmons, tempered pedic matrices with no sales gimmicks. No false promises and they've got the high end beds too. Like Sealy's crown jewel line and the top models for every brand. All at every day low prices as well. So call 1-800-mathrists right now. They'll be one of the best calls you ever make. 1-800-mathrists. You'll see what I mean. Ask about the comfort of change policy. If you're not completely satisfied, they'll exchange it for you with no questions. Asked. Plus you get free set up free removal and you get to choose the date and time for delivery that fits your schedule. When it's convenient for you and nobody else does that. Dalamakras is the easiest, the smartest way to get you a great night's sleep. So call them today. They'll be knock on you during no time at all. You'll be sleeping as soon as tonight like a baby. 1-800-mathrists, 1-800-mathrists, or check them on the web at macrist.com. All at all. This is for 2056. You weigh in. There. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. You must have been a space for me. You always think they're nice. They're just too beautiful to play. I think I'm going to. Oh, make it genuine. Oh, no. Not rich. Oh, no. Oh, no. 1048 is 560. WCM don't forget our hot couples' content has number 3. We're going to get a little bit nervous about that. Because it's premature. Yeah. Right. Because they've got until Monday, June 16 to get the pictures in. And they will put them up on our website on theorodres.com. And they'll be on for a week until Monday, the 23rd. And then a couple of the most votes wins. First prize is either a 3-day 2-night stay for 2-at-a-rural races. Resort and casino at a Bahamas with round-to-beer for our liquor air. The trip to Heat-Nism 2 or 3 in Jamaica, including everything except air. Right? If I got that right, right. You choose which is going to be yours. Then whichever one they don't choose will be second prize. Third prize dinner for 2-at-a-pice-alot. And I think we're all also about 4th prize. We are working on that right. Then we're working on right now pretty good one. Which I think will be the third prize. Right. Not that Jeff Cohen keeps slipping down the ladder. He don't care because the prices are so reasonable at pizza-alot. It's not like a real expensive deal. Here's a faction Scott and Holly woulda says it just heard you bitching about the bush clan. We'd like to point out something I discovered the other days. Sometime within the past year under the direction of our wonderful Governor Bush, it became less than mandatory for businesses to care. Workers compensation insurance. Workers' comp is no longer mandatory. I thought this was something disgusting I should share. Love the show. Thanks for coming back to Tim to Scott and Hollywood. Thanks Scott. Also. So don't tell George. Oh, what the hell? Tell George anyway. Legends of the Fall was not filled in Montana, but mostly. Oh, can today. Sorry George. A Calgary. Right. Morley Van Cover and Ocho Rios Jemaco. Beautiful country. Very similar looking. Ocho Rios Jemaco is when he was got on the ship some was traveling. I guess. But he was supposed to be a New Guinea. Isn't that where he's supposed to be? Careful. I don't say a Guinea. But didn't they talk about when they went off to join the army? Did they go into Calgary? Right. Remember that? Well, that's another one of those deals. We've got cheap labor. That's back when the Canadian dollar wasn't worth crap. It's not all like where it's about 73 cent. Merkin dollar. And the amazing part of his and spread all this IBM investigation and all this perhaps another one of these scandals coming up. Look at that. The dows up one point. Nags dags up three and a half point. There's something going on. It doesn't quite meet the eye. All right. Nothing. I'm suspicious. Maybe the reason Glenn Gary Glenn Ross is doing so much better is because it seems to have a lot less votes. I don't know. Is that what we call is our call yesterday? The final total of about five after eleven. Right. Was about three oh three. 300. In fact, I'm going to write that. I'm going to keep these. 303 for Requiem for a dream. Also, I think it's a little bit older. It's been out there longer. More people had a chance to see it. Glenn Gary Glenn Ross so far is going to be 194. So it's 10th of the one or in the Chinaman's chance in hell. That it's going to get anywhere near 300 votes by the time we get done. So maybe that they just don't give a crap about that movie as much or maybe they're a lot of people. Maybe they're already burnt out on this or maybe they're busy, you know? Or maybe they're writing remind your notes all over their body. Don't forget to vote on Neil's Paul something like that. Anyway, how do you write the movie Glenn Gary Glenn Ross never saw it 96.49.4%. Which means at least at least these first couple hundred more little more than half have seen it. Got it? That's good. Neil's right. It's great 68. 35%. Pretty hefty total. Good 14. It sucks only 11.6%. Okay, 4 and week zero. Out of the first hundred ninety four votes. Glenn Gary Glenn Ross don't forget closing. You've always got to be closing. ABC always be closing. Always be closing. Here's Delray B. Chelo. So machine loving. Chelo, he's that's the guy. Shelly the machine. That was great. I liked it a lot. I was one of calling. I could get to the pole for wreck me a little bit dream last week. I wasn't crazy about it. Right. But what I do like the music though. Oh, well that's something. See? There you go. Nothing's going to be. Actually, me is happiness. I hope it's good because I paid 25 bucks for it. I haven't mailed to me. And George George, you got to see Tom Riffley movie. Got to see it. Great. What now? Tom Riffley movie. That was that. The incredible day of talented Mr. Riffley. Oh, that was not. I'm telling you, it's a good movie. It's an excellent movie. I'll watch it for free. It's a good movie. Watch it. I'll watch it for free. Thanks, Pally. He's right. You should see the talented Mr. Riffley. Dude, law is great in it. And what's your name? When his palcho is great in it. And even that thing and who I think you don't like all that much. I don't like that. What? He's a Martian. Oh, look at this. Oh, there's this. Wow. No, I just got a fracture. My financial guy. I always say, do you have my facts? No, no, no. And then he's got something to facts me. What number should I facts this to? I'll tell you, email as far as I'm concerned. Highly overrated. Discussion if you work for the Paxon people. Just like the National High Keeley, highly overrated. What another coma inducing game last night? Oh, brother. Another scoreless tie and regulation that N.A.M. would the ancient Steve Thomas wins over at the overtime for the ducks? Look out, Jersey, baby. That one cocky guy that was giving me a song to the answer today. One of the first two games. Series tied up at two a piece. Anything can happen now. But if that, that's great. Patman's NHL man. Boring coma inducing, touching and grabbing. No action, sunrise trap. It does just awful stuff. Slow, pondress. No screak. Nobody wants to see a sport. There's no screak. So who is telling me to move this morning? Was it a beautiful mind? Right. And I concurred. With Corrosselded, you say? Close. Close. I'll save different. Same person. Corrosselded. Corrosselded. And Morgan Freeman, right? Right. I get a Corrosselded. Corrosselded. The thing with the Russell Crow is you're not allowed to like him. I don't think I've ever seen him with him in it. But there's so much crap about what an asshole he is. See, I don't really care about that. I don't give a crap if a guy or an asshole while they're not working. That's their business. You know, you're entitled to be an asshole. But if they happen to be good at their craft, isn't that all accounts? Right. I mean, there are a lot of people who are weirdos and assholes. Peter Sellers was supposed to be an head legislate of, in a case. But funny as hell. Great at what he did. That would be a good one. Good pull someday. What performer do you think was the most bizarre outside of their craft? That's when it won't work. We'll do that someday. Some form of nominate Marlin. Yeah, Marlin's been a little bizarre as a walley cock said. So did we decide on momentum? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound. 6, E, M. On the AT and T in Verizon, wireless line. What's that ladup look like today? We got the mad dog at one. Hank is in New York for the Belmont. Another tough assignment for the Humper. He's going to be doing a show from New York for the 630, and I've another one of those long show. To an F.R. show for about 20 million a year. Marlin's on deck 630. Marlin's host the Oakland A's. Interlink play anybody interested? 7.05. Stop talking about the Marlins. You idiots. Any K.10 who's squeezing himself over the ducks because if they win a Stanley Cup, Eddie's going to come on one last show. One last, you think? You'll come on one last time just to say, Bye bye. That'll be at take his Marbles and Mootle Vegas or something. And then Joe Markov and I 2 to 5. And abbreviated Joe until Moan Gildy come in from 330 to 4. And I'm warning you. You'll see they're going to keep pushing him further back, push him back. In fact, we can do like it. We hit up the cheerlead. Push him back further, farther, deeper, you know, into the night. I like that. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I know your movie intensive, but can I suggest a very good book? Sure. It's like a rebuttal to that loudly book by Goldberg bias called What Liberal Media The Truths. It's already recommended on our website. Are they the Eric Altramans book? Oh, you read it. If you're wonderful, just finish it last night. It's one of our recommended books on a website. You know, it's proves this point that it's not getting much publicity. They're varying it. Those conservatives, bastards that are in charge. Can I imagine why can you? No, it's also truth. And Pekki, better read it soon because I think after the 4th of July, it'll be illegal to purchase that book. I know. I've been reading it every night. Thanks Neil. Okay, Pally. I like it. Yeah, the liberal media like Fox, like cheap channel. Here is quite an article. How many pages is it? I think it's like eight pages. It's on our website today. Bye. I'll find it. Just give me some time. I'm old and slow. Okay. I'll read it. That's Adolfstein. He's one of the FCC commissioners. Where's it? Where's my article, man? It's story number eight. Neil, story number eight. There's a number 12. Who's number six? Oh Jonathan S. Adolfstein. He's the one of the Democratic commissioners on the FCC who voted against this insanity. A dark storm cloud is looming over the future of the American media. He says, I just read the first paragraph. He says, this is a sad day for me. And I think for the country, I'm afraid that dark storm cloud is now looming over the future. The American media, this is the most sweeping and destructive rollback of consumer protection rules in the history of American broadcasting. And he is totally correct. Told you. The die was already cast. The one who made indifference if they would have had 20 million telegrams and protest and emails from all over the country. The die was already cast. Thanks to Michael Cole and be my daddy, Paul. And his cohorts as Republican partners in crime on the FCC. Screw them. The disgrace. An absolute disgrace. Joseph Gervels would be proud. I guarantee you that right now he would be pleased as punchy. Be jealous. 1058 at 560 WQAM are you bald? Well, good luck to you. Don't call fast-trained. Call Chuck Alphiiri. You have sexual performance problems. Go buy some bragra. But if you're in a dead end job, I'll tell you who you ought to talk to the experts at fast-trained. Because these people can have you fully trained or ready for a new high-paying computer career in just four short months. Why would anybody in a right mind want to be a sales hole, huh? When you can have a computer career. Just call fast-trained toll free at 1-866 fast-trained. Factorines got locations all over town too, so that is fun to be easy to get to from where you live. They're in Miami, Kendall, Fort Lauderdale, Pembroke Pines. So, call them today. There's no obligation. They'll explain the exactly how they can get you on a road to a big fat paycheck. Call 1-866 fast-trained. And don't forget fast-trained offer job placement assistance. Financial aid, convenient to eating weekend classes too. You have no more excuses to stay in a crappy dead end job working for peanuts. Cause you knew careers just one phone call and four quick months away. Jump on that fast-trained today, call them toll free. 1-866 fast-trained or check them out on the web at fast-trained.com. My life and local, your sports radio 5-60s you ain't a UAM. Today, it's just enough to pay my bail. Ooh, I need your love, John. This rice is waiting for you, Amy. I hope you need my love, John. My house payment can do. Oh, hold me. Touch me. You need me. But me. I need my share of love, John. 8 times a day. 8 times a day. To teach my husband how to. That's the 8 times a day. It's good to see you dead and quail. Love me every day, John. You're always on my tail. Make me scream for a page of me. A tune for me and you. Oh, hold me. Touch me. You need me. But me. I need my share of love, John. 8 times a day. 8 times a day. Oh, right. 8 times a day. The long fact. Can't he will have chosen John as a little child. I was wanted to be a firefighter. Which is why he spent so much time in a closet with his hose in his hand. 11.05 at 5.60 W to Q.A.M. Can't he will have for a higher-on body-met miracle-less-words. Where'd we get this from? Oh, no. Yeah. Who is wrong? I'm going to say, I know. Oh, no. It's from a four-keys neighbor. Hi, I'm Kathy Willets for a higher-on body-mear-clean-less-words. To rates our $1200 an hour, $2400 for two hours, six or 24 hours call. Yeah. 20 minutes call real fast. Hi, I'm Kathy Willets, the legend. And then look at it. It's not even spelled right. It's a happy, flat. I'm Kathy Willets, the legend. Look at that. Have you got it there? It's not even spelled right. Well, she is kind of Willethe. I'm Florida not an info. I shocked the world of my story of insatiable hunger. Yeah. You've seen me on Larry King-Lad, where I'll do a hard copy in every major talk show. Uh, and Baba Baba Baba, my favorite talk show host are how it's turned around and run. Neil Rogers, Larry King. How do you like that? Uh-huh. I've started over 150 triple-x videos, and one numerous awards at the AVN award shows. She certainly won a award as the pastiest slut of all time. What's your thing? Oh, modeled. I'm not sure if she's past you're then the Doreen. I'm not going to have a check today. Oh, flat. Yeah. Doreen by the way, had some tickets. She's alive. Work for Elvis morning. In the assembly tickets. Split given away Marlon tickets. Okay, if you want to drive the audience away, that's the sure way to do it is keep up with his Marlon craft, man. It just trying to force feed, force feed. Anyway, speaking of that Suzy and Western is pissed off at George. Yeah, interesting. She said, sorry George, but can't do save lives. Just like dogs, this is Sal's neighbor. So be nice to her. I will. Although you'll notice that all these stories that she's got on here, she's got one, two, three, about a half a dozen. There's another page. Don't facts it, poor. They're all Canadian A. So only Canadian Cas can save lives. Christmas 1968, Wyrton, Ontario. Early Christmas morning, jigs. I wonder if that's jigs McDonald. A young sign means cat owned by Mr. and Mrs. McGregger, and he's got a lot of food and stuff in here. Jigs roused the sleeping family when fire broke out. Although one resident did die in the fire, Mr. Mrs. McGregger, their two young sons and a grandmother escaped the flames. Jigs had collapsed and the apartment had to be taken outside and revived. Here's the Oli, a red tabby. In Waterloo, Ontario, Lyrton is honored to have a fire that started from a crack of the family's fireplace. We're spying to Oli's persistent cries. Mr. Rosie, it worked to find the living and dining was filled with smoke. And, co-zone and I'm high-seed. It all has to do with the cat screaming because they're in pain or choking on smoke and wakes up the honor. That's not what the story says. Oh, probably is true though. Anita says the best video store around is video tape town, 4980 Western Land of Holvard and Margabe. The owner's name is Liz by the way. It's probably good friends with Anita, but that's good. Because once you would desperately need a good video store, see, I'm really concerned about when I come back to town, which I'm not going to be there very long. But when I come back like in a wintertime for a longer period of time, where am I going to buy my videos? My DVD is. Because I'm sure I'm not going to go to blockbuster and get that censored craft that water down Bullcraft. Well, that one place I forget the name of, in the Oakwood Plaza, had a very good selection that just till happened that somebody had bought happiness ahead of me because we were talking about it. Yeah. Otherwise, they would have had it. They had it when I told them what kind of a place is it? But what kind of a town you live in when you don't have big gigantic, I'm not talking blackbusters either. Chain stores like HMP or even Sam's, which is in the chain here anymore, but that have Zillions and Zillions of DVDs uncensored. Right. Huh? It's like something I've ever heard of by uncensored material. What kind of crap is that? It's like something I've got to get them. Not see Germany to me. Oh, that's right. I forgot it's south of the border. It says Liz knows everything about just about everything. But just about any movie she recommended Requiem and happiness both in it, which I both love to Zoneeta, also has an X-Rome. There you go, George. He has an X-Rome. That's not for me. Not for you. Touch me, please. Search for Star Theatre. Now, here's the facts from WL and Del Rade is another chronic factor. Standing in the shadows of Motown. I saw I saw some clips from that. Is that like a recent movie or something? I don't know. Never heard of it. And blind faiths starring CS doesn't direct it by Ernest Dickerson. The... Okay. Do you care that Kathy Willitz has been his name Jeff and that John? Did I say John Willitz? Right. Jeff Willitz? That Jay, who's with the Jay, you know? Momento, Momento, Jeff, John, Tencento. Then Zalwashing in Morgan Freeman. It's all the same, you know? When you scrape away the exterior, it's all the same. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T. See, I'll decide on it on mine. Who was the born again? It was Doug Danziger. Wasn't that the, yes. Broward County Commissioner born again right wing. Yeah, he was on the client list. Okay. Here's the wrap-up of our poll for today. See, only 267, not even close to the 303 we had for a Sarah yesterday. Waterpipes, sir. How do you rate and your A-Glen Ross? Never saw it on 132, 49.4%. So just over half of the audience, at least the ones who voted, have seen it. Neal's right, it's great. 83, 31%. That's good. Good, 21, 7.8. It sucks, 20, 7.4%. See? There's that same bunch of chronic antagonists. Whatever you say, if you say it's Tuesday, we'll tell you it's Thursday. If you say it's raining, we'll say it's sunny. If you say Mo is an asshole, we'll say you're right. Let's see, it sucks, 20. Okay, seven and week three out of 267. Okay, here's our main poll for today. Where is it? Ready? Neal shows on movies are, are, are. I see. Yeah, because probably there are people out there saying, When you're going to cut this crap already, huh? When you're going to stop, when you're going to stop being so movie intensive, the answer would be when I feel like it. That probably would be my answer. But we'll see. The old shows on movies are, great, a breath of fresh air. Good. Okay. Okay. Getting boring or pond-riss, effing pond-riss. I think that's five pretty good choices there. Yeah. Cover's the gamut. 12 minutes past 11 at 5.60. WQAM. My life and love all. This is for trivial five-sickity. You're way too way ham. I think my turn of the dis-prime. I think my turn of the dis-prime. I think my turn of the dis-prime. I'm learning how to, it's burning right through my role. I'm learning how to, yeah. The push push push push push push, I wish it might have gotten real in my life. Yeah. If it plays this baby, I go low with slid and go. The explosion burn in cover. Take the quick, really just like butter. It's like the fat of a scum. Burn in muscles. Just the bloods of punch in her and me muscles. I don't know if I can burn in my face. I don't want to burn in my face. I'm 15 at 5. 60 WQAM. Let's see. Glenn Gary Glenn Ross was excellent. This fact speaking of Jack Lemon is performance in the days of wine and roses was one terrific dramatic performance. You guys ever see it. No. Says Rich Evil. Now that you mentioned, I don't think I ever did see it. In fact, I forgot to remind myself of the momento on my arm. If I did see it, I don't think so. That works pretty good. Okay. Here's the final talent. Let's see. She had 303 Sarah. I'm afraid that Glenn Gary ain't going to get no 303. 291 votes. That's not bad. How do you rate the movie Glenn Gary Glenn Ross? Never saw it. 144. Neals right. It's great. 88. It sucks. 24. Good. 22. Okay. 9. And week 3. So the negative. So the negative. 24 and 3. 27. How did 291 not too bad? Less than 10%. Go to the movie theater and see it. They're not showing it right now, but just how I put this on is that whatever crap you're showing out. Give me the Glenn Gary our Glenn Ross leads. And it's a pretty interesting twist there in the end too, just when you think you know what it was all about, Donna. Which is good. Yeah, it is good. Martha Stewart not doing too good. Thank goodness Martha Stewart faces possible criminal charges. Her company said that a insider trading scandal that's taken her images as simple of tasteful living. All right. Stewart's lawyer is a told a company. She's the target of a criminal investigation by US attorneys in Manhattan, which intends to request a grand jury to return an indictment against her in their future. And let me see it again. Oh, right. Put that bitch in jail, okay? She couldn't cook her tomato soup cake to save her life. Okay. We can get the new pull up there any time that Erica feels like it. Okay. I just mentioned that in passing. We can get it up. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Ben Gieriglin, Rossanna take all of our sales department, put them in chairs, time, time and the chair put toothpicks in her eyelids like in a clockwork orange and forced them to watch said movie. Because they just can't get the job done there. I don't know what's going on in that place. There's just something really strange. I did hear that the land has that same property that Alec Baldwin carries around in his briefcase. Does she read that visual aid? The big black one? Yeah, the brass, the one there. So come. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Neil George, how you doing? Okay. All three movies and Glenn Gieriglin. I thought I'd have a lot of actors and it was good. I thought that was really good. You know, they all got a chance to, you know, have a good performance there and record them over dreamed. That was great, but man, it was disturbing. Yeah. The bridge is about the wall right now. The metal is probably my favorite on the wife, but just you have to watch it from the beginning, but it was probably better the second time I watched it. Do you think I don't know if I could watch it a second time? Worth it. I need to. Is it? Yeah. It plays backwards. Right. Yeah, that's true. You're, I'm sitting at the very end and even then you're not quite sure. Right. If you watch it the second time I get a better insight as to where they're going or where they've been. Yeah. I've probably watched it. And what more tell it was? I always recommend that one, but I want to record a moment during the other night. Whoa. And have me plastered to the, to the sea chair. Okay. I'm glad you liked it, pal. Okay. I agreed to. My knees sounds like you took me to many of the approval ones. Huh? Just think that's it. And here I thought the town was driving. What do you know? You need to go see David. Apparently Matt Dylan's old buddy, David. Nah, he's a loose cannon. loose cannons. Don't throw it, David. Ah, and geez. Yeah, Dr. Cowboy is good, but just when you think, she was, it was getting toward the end there a little bit too good to be true, I know. Although I did like the way he operated that drill press. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 6. He, when she says, what kind of a job would he do? He says, I may coals. That was cute, I may coals. She was a loser man. If ever there was one, see women on drugs to me. I mean, they might not, man, I kill as many people, but women on drugs are a lot more devious and dangerous than men on drugs will ever dream of being. Yeah, but it's a good thing they take them. We are well, I can hear how's old, course. No, other places. Here's sunrise, hello. sunrise. Yes, yes, it's Richard Roman. Yeah. My name is Richard Roman. You just cost me $6,000. You just cost me $6,000. What are you going to do about it? Well, answer me. I better clip it before it's over there. Yeah, yeah. What are you going to do about it? There's a lot of those and I move even Jack Lemmon like the guy said, there's a lot of them around. I think what I'm going to have to do is I'm going to have to give me a second, because I don't want to keep slipping back and forth. Another DVD player. The stick in here and hook in through my little TV. Don't tell me that's a good idea. Right. Then we can play some of the audio clips from these great movies. That new pole is going up any second. Don't you think? Beiner boy. Oh, yes. Now, see, actually, there's no difference. She had written the three votes yesterday on Requiem for Dream. And now, 104 is the close to final total of here. It's this guy, the Impol. If you have written four, I'm going very, a Glen Ross. So that's pretty consistent, huh? Mm-hmm. Of which 50.3% never saw it, which means then there are half of the audience, at least of the poll is supposed to write sawed. As opposed to a Requiem for Dream, 56% didn't see it. So that's something for you to do, okay? We keep begging you. We keep prodding you up, don't you? Even if only half of it ever third of the people like it as much as we did, we'd be doing a tremendous service, especially in June in the middle of that swamp. In the middle of the freaking Everglades known as South Florida. I could listen to that. Forget the movie. I could just listen to the music all day long. I'm going to be on television. Yeah, the one. You notice what a sweatshiza when she goes down to the, when she gets on the subway or is it on the bus? Well, she end a bus. I think she, everything, taxy subway. And she's going to the TV station because she wants to know when she's supposed to be there. She wants to know when she's going to be on television. Yeah, and the mucus Carlos is making mucus symbols. Hands of money. I saw July. I was thinking. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on a ATT. I will say this from Adilin last then, Dr. Carboy, at least you didn't have the purple elbow, you know, like Harry. Oh, man. There was an awful lot of injecting going on. I moved it last night, but at least they were a little more careful. Yeah, they posted a stick in that same big purple spot. That infected blotch that Harry had on his own. Now, that movie was so good. I was literally shocked at how good it was. How much I enjoyed it. And I can rarely say that. Shocked. Then I'll tell you the other one, and nobody's talked about. We'll do it one day, since we got like a whole bunch of days. The game, did you, would you find me saw? Would you have already seen it? With Michael Douglas? Right. But that's a one timer because once you know what's going to happen, that's all, all the oop is in that. Right. Oh, I'm absolutely. The ending is where it's all about. But I mean, it is sensation. Frustrating. Interesting. Right. I'll confused. Here's plantation. Hello. Plantation. Going once. Plantation's gone. Here's Miami. Hello. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello, my Canadian hit a foul free. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. 560560. On the AT&T of a rise of wireless line. Right. And Seattle. Do you have an right since Seattle? As we speak on MSNBC. I don't, you might have it on something. Black always go to MSNBC for makes you happy. Let's see MSNBC. Come on. Sounds like 133. I just want information gathering. New jab or on the phone well driving. Let's get into that. Yeah. See that'll teach you to give me to go to MSNBC. It's a bad mistake on my part. Damn it. Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Can you please watch the Glenn Gary Glenn Rocks? I think it's. Baldwin would have been. Consulting your self-saf. They would have said. Water is proposing. Yeah. I'm. I'm looking at my notes here, Neil. I know you. You. Yeah, well, the throw that one out. Whatever we know that was on throw that. Sorry. What do you think about the NHL? I think the NHL considering a larger goal. I think that's the most stupid thing. I've heard it's typical away. You expect from Gary Bentman. What's going to solve the problem of the NHL is to stop. Is to actually call all the obstruction. Though hooking and attacking and holding in the crap. They keep pretending they're going to do it. And they won't do it. The great players can't be great. And it's it's terminal. Gary Bentman and his colleagues are of the story. The game. It's its pondress. Ludicrous. I'm glad you're really looking at ludicrous. It's. It's. I haven't watched until the 10 minutes of these final of the series. Well, I watch the game last time. I mean, it's cocky. So you got to watch it. So it's not. It's not. Hockey. And we don't have to watch him because there's a hockey game on. Means we have to watch it. Well, what do they pass that law? I want to watch. I want to see you. I want to see you. I couldn't care less. I couldn't give a crap about either one of these teams. Uh, and either one of these teams would be in it if a warrant for this clutch and grab jersey wouldn't be there in a million years if a warrant for the last time. They'd be there in a million years if they played that Colma style. And that's all they do is like chase guys into the corners and drag them down. And if you're with guys that don't have the puck, they just don't call a stuff. There's no game anymore. It's bad news. It was interesting to read that Gary Benton is, you know, called this, you know, and this is an entertainment. This is entertainment. We need to find a way to, you know, solicit the fans. It's odd that they're kind of trying to change. Gary Benton's an asshole, man. Have a great day. Okay. So you had rather watched the a preseason game. The Leafs and the Savers. Let's put that on here to rest of the day. What do you say? It sure beats that guy's notes. Oh, no. Lutheran precessited after claiming God and internal life don't exist. Copenhagen, a Lutheran priest was suspended the afters remarks that God doesn't exist. And there's no eternal life or ankle. Many of his peers in Denmark state church. Nice gone, pops. Thor killed Rose Bowl. The pastor of Tarbeek, a town of 51,000 just knows the capital of Copenhagen. Set in a recent interview that there is no heavenly God. There is no eternal life and there is no resurrection. That's so illegal. The plans have mystified church leaders in the Scandinavian country of five point three meetings. We're about 85% of the population belong to the state evangelical Lutheran church. Yet just 5% of 10 church services regularly. About like Italy. Where they're all Catholics, but only I think it's 7% go to church. No 3% 3% Italy. Yep, US is very much out on a limb in every garden. Very much out on a limb. Most of the rights to the world is finally caught on. Except the question of those 10th World countries. Like the ones who are bushes hanging out these days. With Allah. I wonder what they think about that. I wonder what they think about his take. I'm Islam and Allah and all of these things. I guess we'll have to ask. Here's the new poll is up there now. Let's see. Never saw it. He's working on it. Eric is working on it feverishly now. 28 past 11 at 5. 60 WQMU ought to be working on losing some weight feverishly because it's bad for you. And out on you look like a tub. Not only can't you find an eclothing that looks human. But also it's bad for your health. That's probably the most important part. You become diabetic. No fun. Take it from me. I've had diabetes for 16 years. No fun. Look at all the things you can't eat anymore. If you want to lose that weight and get your health back and start looking human, balance for life cannot be do it. Pony tail over there to pizza lock and lots of other people are audience have lost. A crap load away with balance for life because even for the laziest of the lazy and the dumbest of the dumb. It works because you don't have to make any decisions. While the only decision you do is fill out that menu once a week. Two choices for every meal and every snack that's on a program. And that's it. And they deliver right to your door every morning. All your food for the entire day. It's in there. And your little black sack. Three delicious fresh gourmet meals. Delicious snacks. They're in there. And you'll be full like I said all day long and the weight will melt off your body. Everything is fresh and delicious. Nothing pre-fab. No artificial ingredients. No additives. No garbage. So pick up that phone called balance for life today. If you've tried all the others and failed. This might be the answer to your weight loss problems once and for all. Call 9-5-4-5-6-832-29. 9-5-4-5-6-832-29. Or check them out on the web at balanceforlife.com. My life and love. This is 4-25-6-832-29. You weigh 2-8-8-9-9. There's a button biting. Coming up tonight on inside behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. The startling true story of a man who wouldn't listen to his manager and ended up biting it. Very hard. He was Terrence Trent Darby. You're a good celebrity. You're a good celebrity, but it's not a good celebrity. You want to follow the first album introducing the hotline? I said okay, trendy, new york, loft boy. I don't know what the **** it means, but go ahead. Terrence Trent Darby's manager. Just tools. You're looking back. I should have known. The guy has three names. You know like Harry Hans-Frankel's grandpa's grandpa's son. You know that pretentious up-al-West side. We think we're British-Horses. With a success of his first single, wishing well. Stoels urge Derby not to alienate his fans with any more quote. fruity-ass art crap on quote, but Darby didn't listen. His second album would completely unnoticed. It's title, neither fish nor flesh, a soundtrack of love, faith, hope, and resurrection. Can you fucking believe it? I said, Terence, I'm dying here! I got three kids who need toilet paper to wipe their runny asses and you give me fish and flesh and hope and resurrection. I ought to fucking kill you! As Chetstool's home and business win into foreclosure, he begged Darby to listen to a reason. Unmoved. Darby released a third record, symphony or damn, exploring the tension inside the sweetness. If I ever see this f*** again, I am gonna ram his contract so far up his hand. Yes, he was going to say, but tonight for the first time, Terence Trent Darby himself responds to accusations that he's a complete f***ing pay! That's a great title for an album. The artist responds to accusations that he's a complete f***ing Christ, and he's a new job. It's a big juicy shopping with like a show business tonight, on its side of the hunt. 135-56-2-3, the new poll is in the process of being up isn't it? Oh, brother. What is he doing up there? I asked him yesterday so he's got to remove boats and stop people from voting long enough so he can clear out those boats and get a new poll up. So, another resist is created a lot more work to when he's two polls every day? Yeah. A rye! Excellent! Work off some calorie, Zerick, it's good for you. Dixie takes ruffle more feathers. Oh! So you could keep the music going. Just as the controversy appeared to be dug down after the Dixie takes Natalie mains mildly ridicule President Bush. Before the start of the Iraq War, country radio programmers are disappointed in the group once again. Oh! This time they take issue with the fact that mains apparently chose to take a shot at fellow country musician Toby Keith during her May 21 performance at the Academy of Confidence of the Music Awards, means wore sleeveless shirt with letters FU TK on the front. Got that? Yeah, but she says it stood for something else. I'm going on here. Would you just relax? Most viewers including a war show presenter Vince Gill and Herbert letters as an explodivated Keith, after opening the envelope that revealed Keith the one that I biggest award entertainer of the year Gill Clip, I think his name was on someone shirt tonight. For WSTU Philadelphia, assistant program director slash music director Cadillac Jack, mains shirt was the show's only disappointment. With all the patriotism in the year that that it was a downer completely unnecessary says I was disappointed with them yet again. Just when you think the it's safe to add the check back in the rotation KZK, excellent investor PD Brian Jennings says, oh Natalie, why do you make it so hard to love you? Now what does she say it stood for? Freedom unity truth knowledge, something like that. Right. Nice going, Natalie. Keep sticking to a money. I think it's a real. You go girlfriend. This story about the Mexican guy in the mirror one of this is, this is so freaking American man. Man can sue government for selling him marijuana car. True story. Carless just perked up. Los Angeles. A Mexican network as it's a Mexican. A Mexican national may sue the US government for selling a car with a hidden load of marijuana. Then arresting him when he tried to cross the US Mexico border in it. A federal appeals court is ruled. That'll learn him. The ninth circuit court of appeals found yesterday the government's argument that it should be immune from Jose Aguado, Serventa, Los Suo, was so off the mark as to be embarrassing. Just like the federal government's position on drugs in the first place is embarrassing. Just like the so called war on drugs is embarrassing. Just like the US's pressure on Canada to like a water down near a decriminalized marijuana laws. Embarrassing. The appellate panel reinstated Serventa's negligence claims against the government for allegedly failing to find a remove the drugs from the car he purchased in July of 1999 to the US Marshall Service auction in San Diego. Formants earlier the car was seized by the INS after was used to transport illegal immigrants into the US. But agents apparently failed to notice a hundred pounds of marijuana secret in its bumpers. The court said, But the justice is decided that Serventa's resident of Mexico could not sue for false imprisonment or false arrest because US customs agents who found the pot once Serventa's tried across the border for Mexico to be West October of 1999 had reasonable cost to believe his arrest was lawful. What? Serventa's spent three and a half months in jail charged with drug smuggling. He was released after US investigators realized that the marijuana which had been welded into the bumper was so decomposed that it could not possibly have been placed there just months earlier Serventa's attorney Stephen Estey of San Diego be San. Oh, brother. How do you like that? 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. New pull is up. Neal shows on movies are always just got a smattering about it just went up this moment. How many votes we got? 22. Neal shows on movies are great of breath of fresh air six. 550, pounders, 550, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, hello? First one was pharco, y'all y'all. That was good. Second one, forget about it. You're right, with that change in my life. Also, the movie you might like to check out. They make one of the dogs the stupid dog shows is a movie called Best in Show Okay, movie It's a little terminal, but it's worth a watch. I got it down. It's good and finally including badgers We don't need no stink in badgers. Okay, Kelly. See ya 5 6 7.05 60 day movie shows are getting ponderous, so you call and talk about something other than movies, please anything else What do you laugh at all my breath? Well, you know, they can't do that that they can't do anything other in fact I'm just watching a calendar right now For starting on the 4th of July goes into my summer schedule for this year where I'm only doing 2 days in Thursdays And I'm gonna say on the 4th of July That's what I'm gonna say Because we have reached that impact, you know, we've reached the point where like we already need to recharge our batteries because the audience Well, let's see what year was it that they ran out of material 18 what? 80 yeah, right on the material a long time ago, but boy you give them a chance to add an aim to a list Right even if it's right wrong wrong list That's right just just an aim even if it's a list that we did the week before man They got to a thumb right on it in fact. That's the end that we should have a billboard and honor the audience saying That should be it that should be our motto 5 6 7 0 5 60. Let's talk about Brian greasy. Yeah How come I comments about the Marlon thing didn't get any response? Oh, that's right because we're not supposed to be talking about that Maybe they're just being obedient Quit the Marlon talk on this radio station. I'm not trying to be bush boss did night tell them Jimmy and Danny was not a one at Notice that that was kill on this radio station was neither guy Yeah Jimmy and Danny Danny and Jimmy Even the assholes and programming they're even a sports nerds like clearance were saying Jesus when you guys gonna cut this crap out already It's getting effin powder is just like needles a movie shows Really ponderous Let's see how's it going oh, yeah, see that 16 look at that Negative that scene. I was enjoying a lot I was thinking they were open up some new avenues for a lot of people out there some new flicks that they otherwise might never see just like I've enjoyed the last couple of weeks But no they hated they can't stomach it Look at that result. Yeah, I see it. I don't know that enough to make a grown man weep out of bail Neal shows on movies are we got 53 votes. It's the early returns, but not look into promising not too promising at all Ponderous effing pond or a 16 Getting boring 12 great of breath of fresh air 10 okay 10 good five 28 to 25 the negatives have it so far the negatives Just when you feel like you're doing something worthwhile when you feel like you're open up a little bit of entertainment to a dead-ass place What a goddamn average person is like who would like that on a good day? Now we don't like it, Neal we want something new we want something different and they're exciting and I'm not saying I also think with the hot the egg it goes to show you there are tension spans very short Like the hot couples contest we had a tremendous response on a previous one Right And just like all of these so-called reality shows and who wants to be a millionaire I think that if they put it on over and over again, but they don't understand the attention span is very short. Oh, well, wait Come on give us a new game to play now give us something new and exciting. We're tired of that game 11 42 at 560 W to Qm how about some new hair from Chuck Alfieri Charlie is simply the best in the world at what he does using the very latest technology Charles Alfieri produces sensational results for guys out there who need a lot or watch is a little more here with the most amazing natural hairline in the universe I mean some guys walk around looks like a civic cat that on their head and people are running in all directions to get away from his face as they can But Charlie for over 25 years now has been making guys look great with his natural hairline system like I said it's the latest technology And you can't even tell that's not the real thing because it looks like the hair is growing out of your scalp Not like some animal drop from the sky and hitch in a forehead or like somebody drilled some holes in your head or a god forbid Taking those dangerous pills that don't work anyway and really propiss your off and everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantees You can't even lose but your shiny balls, but because if after 30 days You don't love the way it looks in the fields if you're not getting the head at least 15 20 times a day Charlie give you full refund no questions Acts at all call today. Be sure mention your rages. It means in extra 200 bucks off the already low price and keep in mind Charlie also services and repairs all kinds of her systems. Why do you wait? Mo for only 25 to 30 bucks call toll free today and get your hair back from Chuck Alphiiri 1 800 321 2413 1 800 321 2413 or log on to his website Charles Alphiiri.com Hi there. This is 560 Only in the banana Republic baby only in Miami It's astounding that my heart is still pounding crown and oozing down I loved I have a special order. Giant! Red Moines! I'm a fanboy. I'm still full of my friends. Wait! I'm gonna be! I'm a good lucky baby. So the edge is leaving. Let's do the high boy man! Let's do the high boy man! Yeah, what do we all kids do, left? I'm sure that the whole is open wide. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. The chicken and done handicapped bath. Oh, yeah. And pull your kids in the car and ride. They let you take out all the... They push your fucking hands and shake and shake and shake. Let's do the high boy man! Oh, what? Let's do the high boy man! When I was walking in this toilet and I showed asking me, I thought you'd be in other doors and it was high boy and game. When you'd be in the room, it was a market high-fade for me, and I was married to a party, but today it was a counter-spel and you did almost great. I went, I didn't have the time to explain. Let's do the high boy man! Let's do the high boy man! Wait, you'll get to the left. Make sure the door is open wide. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Pull the noise in the pool down your pants. Oh, yeah. Click, click, click, click, click, click. Get through the car! Click, click, click, click, click, click. Hold up! Click, click, click, click, click. Click, click, click, click. Let's do the high boy man! Let's do the high boy man! I'm 48 at 5.60WQA, and he would have been good in that movie. We'd be going carry a gun, Ross. Oh, he's taking up a couple of seats for three. 99 votes and boys looking really bad on our movie. Well, we just call it a phase that we went through and we'll just to move on, you know? Movies have to win a doubt toss it out. They don't like it. We'll show us on movies our Pondris F. Pondris 30. About 30, man. Getting boring 22. See when the two negative categories are one and two, that's not a really good sign. Okay, 20. See even okay is like Luke warm. Great, a breath of fresh year, 14, and good only 13 of the first 99 votes. Not looking too good. Check us for a breath then, I'll write it up right now. Never discuss it again. Never discuss in movies again when I'm talking about the Marlin. We will not talk about movies. We will not talk about politics. Right, no better. We don't talk about religion. We won't talk about the winner. We won't talk about geography, geometry, history, trigonometry, algebra, calculus. That's what we do. TV. Radio. Radio for sure. Global. Radio ratings. New papers. But, so we'll leave it up to them, right? Because they always come through a voice. Big time. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pond, 60 on a AT&T. See, just when you think you finally got your thumb on it, you realize it. And just like a poor, what's it they might do in last night that movie. Go to your cowboy. He finally thought he found the right niche there, you know? And next thing, you know. Here's Pompatobitch, you know? Pompatobitch. See, there you go. I rest my case. Here's a lady in Hallendale, hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. I'm so bad, Paul. I'm very frightened about the political climate. A big report with political climate, especially with the FBCU ruling. Yes. Okay. Not only did he have the marijuana laws that they're trying to clamp down on. But even like herbal supplements like metabolite, there's a sedrin because of the drug because of the drug. Because it's killing people. That's why they're clamping on because of the drug. No, you're wrong. No, not. I used to be two years now, I'm fine. I don't care if you used it for 20 years. It's bad stuff. It's a stimulant. It's not bad. It's not bad. Okay. You can tell. Keep going. Take it and call us any year. Okay. If Fedroy is bad, crap. It's a matter of fact. Too bad. Sure it doesn't have some. It's not bad. How big are you, Porn? I'll just make it fun. Oh. Okay. Good. See you. That's what we're going to be getting from now on. Here's a call from Jupiter. Hello. Okay. How's the weather in Pio today? How's the weather? It's kind of murky in 66 today, not bad. My armpits trip like I got your balls right out here. So it's got to be better than that. Yeah. I heard somebody told me that the problem with the cars up in Toronto is mainly in there. Like the Oriental section? No. That's not true at all. What did he have told you that? That was some idea that I was talking to. Yeah. There isn't any problem in the community. It's confined to two or three hospitals. There isn't any of it in the general community. None. Zero. Okay. That's what's here. Anyway. Brian McGanney, the Panther P. We're here. I'm here talking to Brian. BM about how the weather doing. He said he basically sat down here the problem with the. They told him to cut peril as soon as we, you know, after we went to the cup. And that's why he has it to get rid of all the players. So he was, you know, saying we could have kept them together, but they didn't want to pay him. Face was like the morning. Well, you know, that's, that's a good excuse. But I guess he conveniently forgot that he brought his brother in here to coach the team, which all the players despise him like poison. In fact, all the players in the league despise Terry Murray like poison. They're really ruined the whole chemistry on the team. So it's very easy for him to find out the scapegoats now. It seems to be the number one habit with everybody connected with the Panthers. But he's smooth this thing. A him and Terry screwed it up and his brother big time. It's kind of funny that we want, you know, Panthers wants the cup with a rookie coach. And now the doctor do what the rookie coach does. Anything, anything to that or just went to the, no, I don't think there's, I mean, bad cards probably a good coach, but the fact is it's a question of who gets hot at the right time. That's what the players are all about. And if the kind of hockey we're seeing here in the finals and through most of the play offices here, if that's what the game has become. I just not interested anymore. It's just it's caught as crap. It's just a kind of sad. We, you know, I talked a couple weeks ago. We knew if this came down to the dust and double, those are going to be, you know, one of the older games. And then the ratings man, you can't complain about the ratings because they're already. I mean, even on even in Canada, the ratings are half of what they were. Yeah, I don't doubt it all. I think the only thing we switch, we can't change the maps. We can't change the ranked size. It's got to be the rules we cracked on. It's what the guy's state is going to look at them. Well, I don't know what you're breath. You're a battle. Don't find a problem. Well, you didn't watch the insights, right? Did you watch the game? Did you watch the game last night? Last night, I watched maybe a five minutes of it. Did you watch that? I didn't see or did it. You see? No, on a CBC. The CBC, they've got some goofy thoughts that they're going to interview all the stars. You know, all the, the first, now they've come out of commercial breaks. And they were showing the CEO of Disney almost every other shot. And all I can think of is what I see that. I deserve. I deserve. Yeah. Okay, right, Dave Pally. One thing, Neil. We're closing, yes. Has anybody talked about some work site? Yes, that's it. Anybody talked about the website that's in the news, rents eneigo.com? No. Okay. All right. Check out. What is that? Okay. Okay. Have a great day. Oh, thanks for the memories. I'm standing feel like Bob Hope, you know? Here's a facts from RC and Miami says, I've mentioned this to a couple of video stars to be sponsored that I'm a cook. I'm interested in your opinion. Well, it probably is a cook if you listen to this show. Imagine that you could walk in and score a list of available movies. This instead of slowly meandering through the aisles with your head cocked to read the vertical titles. Now, walk for an endless list of available movies. I'm going to have a year. The list could be easily built with a computer program to make selection fast, ever list. I mean, that's your, your cook RC, your cook, your crazy person. It says that that's if it goes through. I give my business to. I mean, that's just crazy, crazy man. Get some help. See Sarah for some good stuff, okay? And if you see Harry come this day out of arms way. Wow. Yeah, let me go into a record story. And instead of looking to see if they got the record, I want to just give me a list of all the stuff you got. Well, it borders, which one is it borders? Borders. They have a computerized card catalog that the public can go up and access to see what disks are there before they go look for them. M&VDs. I would assume, but I don't know for sure for sure. Yeah. Half of the first of half of the fun of buying DVD, at least for me, or music for that matter, is going into a good story. Let's got a tremendous selection and looking through it. And all the, oh, I haven't seen that in a long time. I heard that was really great. And you picked something up that you never intended to get in the first play. Little impulse shop and looking at. Don't you like, I'm going to go into public. Give me a list of everything you got. Publicity. What are my wasting time with a shopping cart going up and down, E.L.s. Just give me a list of everything you got. Public's direct. And then you know what I can do with it, right? Get over it. Let me do it. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. compliant user. nice. faster or a higher player. THa. And he says he works atykaen. He says he works atykaen. And he says he works. And he says he is so girly here. He says he does. He. He says he's nice. I. That's it, you guys. That's a god. That's a strip. Joy. Okay, to just one mile east of the industrial complex across from the abandoned St. Clair station. Come on, what? Growl one. Isn't St. Clair one I had to dinosaur on it? Yes indeed. I figured it was. Anyway, Dayton daily news. Somebody facts this in. Project could put your life at the Pentagon's fingertips. This sounds promising, not. In fact, I do want to pull in this newspaper Dayton Daily News. Would you want to die with that records your every move? 526 votes so far? 518 say. No. And 8 say yes. The eight, I guess people are looking for a lot more attention. Coming to you soon from the Pentagon, the diary to wind all the worries a multimedia, digital record of everywhere you go and everything you see, here, read, say, and touch. Even your, no one is life log, the project has been put out for contract to bits by the defense events, research project agency or DARPA. The agency that helped build the internet that's not about helping anti-terrorism tools. The agency doesn't consider life log as an anti-terrorism system. I got a log form. But a tool to capture one person's experience in an, an or in an interactions with the world to a camera microphone and sensors worn by the user. Everything from a heartbeat to travel to internet chatting would be recorded. The goal is to create breakthrough software that helps analyze behavior habits and routines according to Pentagon documents. The products of the in-classified project would be available to both the private sector and other agencies. A concern to privacy advocates. DARPA's Jan Walker said life log is intended for users who give their consent to be monitored. At least in the beginning. It could enhance the memory of military commanders and improve computerized, military training by chronicling how users learn and then tailoring training according the official said. But Jan, Pike of Global Security.org, a defense analysis group, is dubious the project has military application. I have a much easier time understanding how big brother would want this than how rummisfled would use it, Pike said. They have an identified military application yet. In fact, if the general's want to remember something, why not just write it down on your shirts, please? On the chest. Write it on your chest under late back with thigh. You have to write it on backwards so you can read it in the mirror. Yeah, they can write it on their way back home. Or they can put like a little chalkboard around their neck like, what's your name? Anthony Hopkins. Get the chalk. The yellow shows on movies are killing this audience. They're up set, 153 votes. And the outlook isn't good, man. It's not good. Let's talk hockey. No. We finally get to the most boring, the most unwatched, the most pondress, stand-up finals, maybe in history. At least in modern history. And now all of a sudden we're getting a hockey call. Please spare me. I'd rather talk about the Marlins and I'm going to die, be for all talk about the Marlins. Nothing to talk about. They've destroyed the game. What is there to say? Sucks. Pondrous. Neal. Is it matter of fact? If you had a choice, because you don't like it in the first place, but even if you were a sports fan, if you had a choice between watching a sporting event that you knew was going to suck, or sticking some DVDs in there, a couple of movies that you never saw or haven't seen in a long time that you would enjoy. Is it a tough choice? No. No. And speaking of boring sporting activities, I'm over there in Amsterdam and on the BBC they had a really hysterical documentary. It was about soccer, whoo-lugianism. Hmm. But I'd like to see that. Yeah. And they showed, and of course a lot of the soccer matches wind up Neal Neal. You know, a scoreless, nothing. Because soccer is ponderous and boring. It's crap. That would piss me off. But a lot of those people are going to go there. Don't really care what the score is. There's a way. He actually says, because they just go there, the professional hooligans, and they go from one game to another, they get on buses. They show the whole thing. They went to Amsterdam, they went here. Just to stir up a bunch of crap and they get in a big brawl with the fans of the opposing team. What else is there to do? Yeah. So one of the guys, and of course all of these guys, I would say 95% of them, the same big thick neck, you know, with a big head. Yeah. Must be a bucket head Englishman. And they interviewed a one guy in the caption on the screen said, Joe Williams, whatever. Ex-Hooligan. Ex-Hooligan. Only the British could come up with an ex-Hooligan. I thought that was just, you know, like ex-asmurt, you know, or his a picture of Greg Reed. Ex-Sagini. Of course, I must have done it before we met him. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. It's looking really lame for the movie shows. Neal shows on movies are ponderous, effing ponderous, 50. 30.4% getting boring, 34. I mean, you're like hostile. They're coming at us with the girls just blazing. Okay, 30. Good, 26. And great, a breath of fresh air is sucking wins. Sucking gasping for oxygen in the last place. Only 24. Well, so good thing we took that poll, you know what? Yeah, let's start talking about cats now. You first. You want to talk about pussy cats, you go ahead. I'll save that for when I'm on vacation soon. That long, long, much awaited summer break. Oh, oh, I'm squeezing my kneecaps and so excited about the prospect of that. See, I thought the movie thing we really were, you know, the response on the internet was great. Calls were an intern. And you think you're really, you know, doing something for people and you're enjoying it yourself. Oh, no, we don't like it. No matter what it is, we don't like it. What's he doing? Well, we don't like it. No matter what it is, you should admit it. You were enjoying it. Yeah. It's just like the bedtime stories. Oh, oh. Woo. Man, they didn't just dislike that. They hated that like poison. Sitting there, listen to some asshole reading crap on the air for four hours every day. Forget about that. We want to listen to all these great calls you get, Neil. Chambha. Chambha. Maddy cone. Is this the Canadian pedophile? Maddy cone. Chambha. That's what we want to hear. Some real, there's a lot of he's doing Chambha now. That's him. And then of course the whispering guy. Got a touch, liberal. Here's a call for Miami. Hello. Miami. Going once. Nobody on seven. I think he stole his material. Here's Port St. Lucy, hello. Thank you, God. Yes, sir. I got home yesterday from work. Brandon to the computer room. So I could vote on your poll like any good fan would do. And I couldn't help but notice that the beastly stockwatch is spike like somebody had shot it out of a cannon. So I'm starting to think about why would they, you know, go up 20% a day. And then, you know, it hit me that the FCC rules means that, you know, clear channel now is the freedom to buy more stations. And not really the new ruling had the little or nothing to do with radio. It only had to do with radio and newspapers, but not with great morning more radio stations. No, I thought that if a market was a certain size, they could add one more station depending on the size of the market. Yeah, yeah, that's true. That part is true. Yeah, but that's how like Miami, if they owned eight now, they can own nine if they own seven now, they can own eight. That pretty much the way it works in possibility. Maybe that's why we have no spots on the law. Maybe our sales department is facing out and they're bringing the cheap channel people in the sales going to go through any day. Oh, maybe I'm just paranoid, but here's where I start to get a little free. Right. You know, keep channel where to buy out your station. They're not allowed to have two stations in the same format in the same market, correct? Because, you know, under this, you know, more choices all the time, like, you know, Michael Powell says, you know, less owners means more. That's not true at all. They, the FCC has got nothing to do with formats. I thought to say we're only allowed to have because of the monopoly rules. I thought to say, we're not allowed to have two country stations because then they would divide up the country pie and maybe I've got a misunderstanding in the way it works. I'm going to, you know, where did you read that? I never heard anything about content. I know. I'm not interested in content in format. Let's see. I thought that was, well, for example, Cosbro casting owns how 105 and WEDR, which are both hip hop stations. There's no prohibition for doing that. They could take the coast and make it in a hip hop tomorrow. They wanted it to hop it all the way to the apparel house. Okay. I'm sorry. I was misunderstanding the way it worked. Then, you know, I just have this paranoid thing about you getting a two year vacation. I mean, I know you'd like it. What's up? Oh, a two year vacation. Right. Hey, if you can move these to everybody hates them so much. And everything clerks, I mean, it's a little watched movie, but I thought it was brilliant. It's sort of low budget, but it's just, you know, the dialogue is good enough to keep the answer to dinner. Works? Plarks. It's a black and white movie. It's basically what started. And I know you probably hate my poison, but the first one was actually brilliant. The J and Simon Bob thing. Oh, no. It's not a big fan either. Oh, Jay and Silent F.ing. Bob, man. Wow. Just when you thought it couldn't get any more dasterly, you know what? Jay and Silent F.ing. Bob. Those are the same people that want to watch Katie Shack 20 times a day. Neal shows on movies are, I mean, what's the point of Ivy and reading this pool anymore? You know, I mean, it's 184 votes, but it's the die has been cast. Wouldn't you say? Sure. Show us on movies are ponderous, effing ponderous, 57, getting boring 41, and there's no point reading the rest out of just under 200. No point. The die has been cast. They don't like it. Let's go see a great movie. I don't lot. I don't lot. I don't want it. I don't want it. Okay. Don't want to play that game. Like I said, though, it's a dang good thing. We nipped this in the butt and we took the pool right now. They hated it. They don't just dislike it. They despise it. Not as much as they despise George, but damn near. And that's really saying a lot. Ten minutes past going to feed those of you who despise George. Don't forget, mark it down in your calendar starting the 5th of July. That's my mother's birthday. Look at a calendar back there. Boner boy. Is the fourth on a Friday or Thursday. Friday. Oh, so like I said, fourth hits. So like on a 8th of July. Is when George gets started to collect those two summer months. Most of the time. Netflix. I'm pretty excited. I'll see a Tuesdays in Thursdays. And I certainly hope that if I just happen to be in here in the morning. Like maybe a pump and a bedtime stirs over to Boner boy. Like at 9.30 in the morning. I don't hear. You're there. Come on here with us, Neil. I hope I don't hear that. That's going to go way down. You kept chiming in. Why are you talking about? You kept chiming in in queue. Make a me laugh. Raking Carlos last. Distracting. I don't know. That's what you're not remembering the day that I'm talking about. This was a different. Oh, I know. I was just joking. I know you didn't want to come on. There was just joking. Yeah. Not based on Boner boy sounded like his life dependent on it. Right. Which is why I kept real quiet. Uh-huh. 11 minutes passed. No. It's 5.60 WQM. Barbecue's galore has got an unbeatable slush degreeals that you won't find. Can't find any place else because nobody else has them. This week, check out the incredible deal on the three burner barbecues. The number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of the number number of the number of the number of the number of the number of searched for activity in the number of the number of the number of the number of the number of countless were simply bronze due. There are about 70 of the number of full-time players who find the number of them take if you know with that number. while you're at it of no payment same as cash financing until January 2004 on a proof credit. Two great locations for Insaltzler, Barbecue's Glores on University Grant Plantation, in the Founding Shopping Center you can call them there at 9504-4234-400 and accross brings you a 577-485 West Sample Road, that's on the corner of Sample and Rock Island Road. There at 754-757-517-747-7668, 954-75768, Barbecue's Glores Rageer and Tea you'll find everything you need for Barbecue in all summer long. Sometimes art imitates life but in the case of Eddie Murphy, life imitates art such as Beverly Hills, Cupping, a feel. Hey, cutie, you might have picked my hand up your what the hell is that? Or trading places. This with you sit on this and out a-a-a-a-a-a-a 48 hours. And many hours at community service. And the nutty professor. I had no idea what that's about it but I prefer. I thought that he was a cheat. And we can't forget coming in America. That is coming to America. Sometimes life in our co-hand in hand. Just like any Murphy and his prostitute. Cross-nix-dead at 560 don't send me any more facts from the monkey man place. He means well, he's in the... uh, jury the abugian guy, another chronic. I... Like I said, what's it, what's it, today? In the bad news, we can't see what the date is today. Look at my watch this morning. Yeah, I must have accidentally hit the, uh, something on it. The stem. It says March 3rd. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. If this was March 3rd, everything else being equal to what it is right now. I would definitely, ever be it. That would be the end. jury the abugian guy who is obsessed and really just out of control. He says, watch correctly and for a dream finally last night. Unfortunately, the stink and edited version from Blockbuster. We don't have any alternatives since our community is so heavily influenced by G'soids. I don't understand. I thought now this, the, uh, return number on here is 212. I thought he's in New York. That's New York. I and I understand that. That's what I'm saying. But it's so what is he talking about? They have Blockbuster is, uh, get all the videos in New York. New York is, I don't know what the stem was talking about. Anyway, he says phenomenal film, especially the performance by Alan Burst and the scene where she's doing this room to dance in front of the refrigerator almost maybe lose control of my balls. Then he goes on about Frank Zappa. And he's pleased that I like Frank Zappa and you like Frank Zappa. One clarifier. What? I didn't say anything. One clarification or a Frank never used recreational drugs of any kind. In fact, he was so vehemently anti drug. He tended to alienate great number of potential fans as only vices were caffeine and tobacco. The latter probably contributing to his ultimate demise from prostate cancer in H52. In other words, he's still dead. Okay, Jerry, have a great life in the cut the crap. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. All of a sudden we come to a real, literally you would call it a demarcation point. Like a fork in the road, a fork in the road. And we discover much the mightest may and should grin if you audience despises. The movie shows that the Scottish movies, the suggestion of titles, all of these things, they hate it. Overwhelming. Neal show, 205 votes. Neal shows on movies are ponderous, epping ponderous, 66, getting boring, Ford and keep in mind. These are the people who are still listening. Right. These are the ones who have turned it off and discussed in this may and just ran away. And maybe he acted a little gay. Here's Miami, hello. Neal. Yes sir. How's it going? Okay. I wanted to recommend the movie to you because I heard you recommend the movie during the week. The boom doc sings. The what? The boom doc sings. We'll win them to pose in it. Yeah. Excellent movie. I need to just check it out. Okay. Okay, no. Thanks. We're not doing movies. I guess you didn't get the message. Somebody right to message on his arm, maybe for God. I'll send him a moment of. Right now, his ankle. Send him a memo. No more movies ever, ever again. In fact, I'm going to watch another movie. All the ones that I got here, I'm going to put him in the guy in the trash. I was getting all excited about which one I was going to watch today. Right. You know, well, I'm going to watch him for my own enjoyment. Screw the audience. You know, we don't have to talk about how many people out there would have never seen that movie for wasn't for us. Batsu. Assholes. I'm certainly not going to watch training dig in because I've already seen it. Even though it does have Ethan Hawk. And I like Ethan Hawk a lot. And also isn't Morgan Freeman in that. Isn't he always? And Magnolia. Now what is Magnolia about besides frogs? I'll fill up see more hotmans in it. And that's another reason why you would like the talented Mr. Ripley. Because, and he did this probably his best role ever in that movie. He's great. Freddie. Freddie the bomb the van. Okay. I'm telling you, you'd like it. I'll watch it for free. Jeremy Blackman Tom Cruise, Melinda Dylan, Philip Baker Hall, Philip C. Morhoffman, anybody else with three names. Ricky J. William H. Maysee, Alfred Molina, Victor Molina, Julian Moore, John C. Riley, Jason Roe, Jason Robards, and Melora Walters. What a cash, huh? What's it about? I don't know. Oh, you haven't seen it? I just saw the frogs. You saw the frogs jump out? Yeah. And that's it? That's all I saw. Well, that's the one I'm going to watch today is Magnolia. And you know, sometimes I'm telling you, you'll be what I think of it. How do you like that? Put that in your pipe and smoke it. Yeah. Water pipes. Right, exactly. Stick in your water pipe and puff it. Take it to the coffee shop and answer them. Maybe they'll let you smoke that. Oh, I can't do that normally. Because you sure can't know. I'm talking about the movie. Uh, talking about the frogs. Certainly not that wicked weed. Can't do that, no more. No more smoke in the coffee shops very soon. And I'm just about. I totally don't go there tonight. As usual, the right information, but these people, they don't want to hear it. They want to talk hockey. Let's talk about some hockey. Oh, Bobby need a mile. Sandwich, Ozele. Oh, yeah. Brian Murray. It'll be a man. Here's Golden Beach, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I don't know what these people are talking about. They hated. Don't start on man. You'll put me out of business. They hated. Well, I'm going to because if it wasn't for the movie shows, I wouldn't be watching Requiem. And I wouldn't be watching the Menzo. I love them. Did you see the Menzo? Uh, you got to see it more than once though. Yeah. Do it any justice because all interest, all your questions that you have when you watch it the second time. Yeah, don't forget with Teddy. I don't believe his lies. That's right. Don't believe his lies. You know why he wrote that? Did you get that part? Do I know why he wrote it? Yeah, why he wrote, don't believe his lies. Uh, didn't, uh, what's your name, Tom, right? No, he told himself to write it because he wanted to that was going to be his new James G. Are you sure? Are you sure? Are you sure? I thought it was. Yeah. Okay. At the very end of the movie, you got to watch it because he says, am I going to really go on this way? Am I going to keep going on? And he's right. So he's not going to believe his lies. Even though Teddy was telling the truth to the end. Right. So if you want to be telling the truth that he wore, I guarantee you that. Oh, yeah. Uh, by the way, for all is great. Yeah. And enclosing. I want to be on this radio. Can't you just tell me what I'm going to be on this radio? Fine. Now you know, let's get Sarah Goldfarb on and show. What do you say? Come on, Sarah. Maybe you can't be on television, but you certainly look at the Beyond Radio. Actually, she's got a nice hairdo for radio now. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. It is so deflating. I'm trying like I'm going to put some blinders on. So I don't see my monitor over there. Put some tape over the screen. I'm putting tape over the screen. So I have to see how embarrassing that number is. I mean, they just, they aren't just negative. I mean, they're like hostile. Host, you know what other shows like it was, was it this past December or year ago December? What? Think it might have been a year ago, December. Did all those music shows in about the groups. And I bought all that music. You know, it's been a fortune. Just like I'm spending a fortune now on all these guy-day movies. Because I think it's interesting and something different and something, you know, fun pretty audience. I hate it. See, I think Tom Jakim may have had a point. Because being here, I'm in just too much of a good mood. I lose contact with a general hostility and this in channel with life in general and everything in specific that exist in South Florida. I can't relate to it as well as being there. You just, you just freaking about it. Every, if, when all the problems we got here, would the stars and would the mad cow and would the, all the stuff. In fact, speaking a hockey, the National Hockey League could move next week towards dinner from Toronto to Ottawa to Sarasopri, Toronto Escalates. Frank Brown, the NHL's Vice President of Media Relations, said the league is currently planning to go ahead with a show in Toronto June 12. Should the WHW show a travel advisory for Toronto, however, the NHL could be forced to make alternative arrangements. And then asshole John Madden who plays for the devils. He opened up a big mouth in yesterday's paper, saying, Oh, well, I'm real nervous about co-in here, but you know what, Mr. Macho hockey player, stuff it up your ass. Stop it up your ass, John Madden, and speak in a John Madden, how about big fat John Madden, the football, even. Here's another Macho guy, he's afraid to fly. So they have to cart his fat ass around on a bus. You've seen that boner boy? Yeah, I have. He's terrified. Talk about former football player, former great coach, Super Bowl winner, what he opened, Brady's all the other crap. He's afraid to fly. John Madden of the New Jersey Devils. He's afraid to come to Toronto because he's going to catch something. Was. Yeah, pussy. And by the way, the Red Sox deserve credit, even though they got their asses swept and pounded by the blue jaz here this weekend, is that they had the balls so a whole bunch of them to come on, say what a great time they had here and how the city is going. Great. I got the thing going on here. It's in two or three hospitals. It's all. Like the see this is what happens with rumors like the guy to call before. Well, listen to the mainly confidant Asian community. First of all, here's the guy who's never been in this city very obviously because you know what that would be like saying it would be like being in Sanford and saying, oh, well, isn't this confined to the Hispanic community? Which one? That's my point is if all of a sudden they're like all can all the Hispanics in Sanford are jammed in the sweet water or all the Chinese people here are jammed in one of the two or three Chinatowns we got, which of course is ridiculous. You walk out on the street right here with an amount of 30 seconds you see a whole bunch of Asian people. Right. And then you run back inside of the eating Saint Bernard. Oh, there's sandwich Ozelech. Heck, you know something I'm rooting for Anna Hymer. I know it is BM. I'm rooting for the ducks. For any Kaplan, I'd like to see any he's a good guy deserves a good break. Make a whole bunch of cash. And number two because I'm so sick and terribly glad to end doubles in their boring style of play and pet burns without the mustache and John Freak and I'm a pussy mad and I'm a pussy. Just put a big sign around your neck just like what's his name had Anthony Hopkins in a marginal movie last night. Oh, not in that movie. Oh, he was a little drooly. Legends of the fall. Legend. I was looking for the name of the movie. It was okay. I mean, I wouldn't watch it again. I've only seen it once. In fact, I kind of thought that Brad Pitt was a good girl. My son. At least in the beginning. 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T. Sam's starting to get worked up again. Calm down. You look at your blood pressure for these bats. I get more that worked up. No. I'll let somebody else get worked up. Okay. Some of it's like always wired. Yeah. Let him get worked up. I don't want to give you any advice for Rob. But let me just tell you don't take any wood knickles or Marlon tickets from that daryne bit. She's in there to sabotage your show. She'll kill anybody. She's a killer. That's what Miguel said. Since he could screw up a wet dream. 28 past noon at 560 WQM. Tom Lamin and General Sales Manager Joe Pareto and Hallot Pontiac. Thank you folks out there at a greatest in the Saudi Institute. They love the show. They love me. Even George and Bonerboy. They love everything connected with the show. And we love them. Of course. And right now at Hallot Pontiac. Be sure and check out here is biggest selection of Great 2003 GMC on Voice on Voice XL's. You can. You can. XL's and Denali's. That's right. Nobody's got a bigger selection of all of these great vehicles than Hallot. Hallot's also got a great selection of peon cars, trucks and SUV's. And if the other dealers kind of like Turner knows up in here when you walk on the Luckus. Maybe you're quite a decent good enough for them. Guess what the good news is. It's good enough for our friends at Hallot Pontiac. So for the biggest selection on GMC SUV's. Neal deals and lots more. And a get treated with respect like Fredo with respect. See Hallot Pontiac GMC at 134. On South Thicksie Highway. That's US one across from the falls where they've been making unbeatable deals for but 35 years open every day. Seven days a week. If you want more information call the Neal deal hotline. It's the toll free call. One triple eight five three four forty two eleven. That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven. Don't forget to mention you heard about the Neal deal and see even more. Be sure to mention Bob Eisenberg name that will raise an eyebrow and a hero too. Hallot Pontiac GMC will be professional. Grace. My and local. Here's sports radio five sixty two a two a.m. Love the queen of so far that Neal Rajas should be in booking in palace but we'll keep him here. Good morning, New York. Matt. Stay filled. Thanks. Please. I'll stay filled. I'll stay filled. Losty Phillips. Phillips. Who is this? Yeah, Kelly. Who is this? You are Kelly. Well, in the world is this. It's Mickey Mouse. What the hell's going on over there? Mickey Mouse. Mickey Mouse. I don't work for you. Do you want to? I want to call the lobby a job. You're terrible. Mickey, I already have a job. I've been long, Philip. Why do you want me if I'm terrible? Oh, you're sitting right in over here. I'm surrounded by any of it. Try to figure what the hell's one more. I got people to know what they're doing from close to close. Uh-huh. Don't put on. Get all of it as thought. No, I don't know what that is, but that's rematch. That video won't go to the Bloober. I know who that is. I got six thumbs on the phone. These are above. I know we're far below. I'm trying to hire him. Bob, Bob. Take a look around. Everybody that works here. And horrible. Or am horrible. Philip. Yes, Mickey. I have a gun up like win-toe in a room. Mickey, we're practicing right now. We're going to win tonight. You're terrible. I'll play a five million year. So I can't do a Mickey. I gotta go. I gotta practice to run. I can't do a Mickey. I gotta go Mickey. You don't run the practice. I think you want you to call me tomorrow. I want you to call you back. You want you to call me tomorrow. Call me tomorrow. You're playing hard again. Hold on a second. Wait up. There's a thing in the door. Can't you see it? Can't you see it? What? There's a thing in the door. What? There's a thing in the door. What? There's a thing in the door. Oh, what do you think? What? This is horrible. Why would Steve Phillips want to come back for us when he listens to all this crap going on? If he's terrible. I know he's terrible. He's all old, do you? I'm trying to tell him. You need to learn on this word. Mama. What's going on? We gotta get rid of eyes. Hello? Yes, Mickey. Well, you think so, you've got a horrible, you perfect for a mouth house. You know what? I'm taking thought. I really got no interest in talking to you. What do you think? We're not going to get the black off their balls in shock. Oh, shall I call my desk? We should let him shut. You should just come through my desk. Trying to put a new finish on a boss. Why are you having a jigsaw? We're gonna get those black off their balls in shock. Oh, shall I call my desk? The shellets in shock. Can't you stop looking, John? I'm lonely. Hey Phillips. I'm building your Mickey. I'm gonna give you a win, Mickey. Could be a new country. No, remit. We already got a catcher. Mr. and the catcher balls. John, I'm winless. Your catcher's only hit the ball once, honey. We haven't been doing it. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. You missed it, my desk ball off. I don't shoot, think it over. Alright, I'll think it over, Mickey. Thank you. Thank you. We missed it. I'm gonna put my feet wide shoe of you. How 35 is 56? You sweat away, where only I'm gonna do one more pull tomorrow. I'm moving, isn't that's it? Okay. I just decided. I thought about it for about five seconds. And we'll just take all of these movies. We've been talking about the last two, three weeks. Whatever it's been. And we'll find out which one they like the best. Okay. And they can say they never saw any of them or they all suck. What, what, you know, either way. And then we'll move on. But then on Thursday. Now, seriously. That'll be it. Now, as far as McNolius concerned, yeah. I just, oh, here it is. It's on the back. See, some of these fancy packaging. It's hard to find anything out about the goddamn movie. There more interest didn't explain me expressing to you how, uh, vivid and massive the color is going to be and the audio is going to be great. Now, tell me something about the movie. Magnet, Magnet, Magnet is a, Mo, Mo, Mo, Zek of American life, over to a series of comic and poignant veneits. I can't even read this. Well, if you could see how hard it is to read through a collusion. Of coincidence, chance, human action shared media, past history and divine intervention. Nine people will weave and warp through each other's lives on a day that builds to an unforgettable climax. Yeah. For short. Some will seek forgiveness. Others escape. Some will mend fraid bonds. Others will be exposed. How do you like that? Sounds pretty interesting. And. Let's see. Best supporting actor Tom Cruise. He was the golden boy. Winner for best supporting actor in this movie. Three Academy Award nominations. Best original screenplay. Best supporting actor Tom Cruise. Best original song. I remember the song. 1999 Golden Bear Award. Toronto Film Critics Award. Hey. National Board Review Awards. Chicago Film Critics Award. And Florida Film Critics Circle Award. 1999 for Best Picture and Best On Sommel Kiss. How do you like that? Magnet, Magnet. So I'm going to watch it today. And I'm going to enjoy it if it's any good. And the rest of you. Screw off. Okay. How do you like that? You worry about the freaking marlins. We're about whether Brian Greasy is going to be the back up to Jay Filer or the other way around. It's going to be Jay and Brian and Brian and Jay and Jay and Brian and Brian and Jay. Well, Jay. What do you think? Here's a good story. Strange way to catch a plane. From CBS News. A man running late for his flight to Phoenix called in a phony bomb thread yesterday. And hopes that the plane would be delayed long enough to get him from to get on board. Brilliant. Works every time. America West hurts that the rogue valley in National Medford Airport became suspicious and notified police after the man came to their desk asking about Flight 6262, which by then was on his way back to the airport because of the threats that meant for police Lieutenant Mike Moran. The man was held on outstanding unrelated criminal charges being questioned by the FBI. The suspect was not immediately identified. The plane and American West expressed shuttle operated by Mesa Airlines returned the airport around 3pm after the threat was called into America West headquarters. The plane had been in the air for just a few moments when a flight attendant took off in the pilot. And she just turned white. How do you like that? She turned white. I thought, oh my God. We're in trouble. Oh my God. The 30 passengers were evacuated. Bomb squad searched the plane with a help of a dog. All bags we checked for any trace of an explosive bite. Well, he got his one wish anyway, the plane was delayed. Yeah. He didn't get on it, but the flight was delayed. 560560, pound 560 on the AT and T line mad dog 2 to 4, Hank dissecting him from the York City ready for the Belmont 4 to 630. And then we got that baseball stuff. Any K after that. Any K who's got his fingers and eyes and legs and ears crossed, open for the mighty ducks to win him a lot of cash and win the Stanley Cup. And let me see it again. Go ducks go. Go ducks. Let me be rooting for the F like duck. Here's Bokeh. Hello. Hey, now. Yes sir. Yeah, it's a two thing. As far as mad, he doesn't want to pay for two seats. That's why it doesn't stop. He flies because he doesn't want to have a new rule now. If you're that fat, you got to have two. Got to pay for two seats. He's a pussy. He's standing to fly. Hey, he's standing to fly. Hey, I got another one for you too. I'm going to let you get even here with a gambling channel. That's far thing. They got a company that's developing a cure for it. And it's the company's done. And as facts, but they have a foreign D development. Third world countries where you don't even have to be, you know, FDA approval. And you can distribute the care not in America, but you can do it on, you know, obese. So I'm not sure what they are, but it's like the computer won't give me. And you know, that's in depth of what's ready to play desire. But the symbol is A, B, R. A, B, R. It's less than a dollar share. Probably today it'll go over dollar. But three days it's been going from the quarter to fifty cents to seventy five and the probably hit a dollar. I'll be there. I'm going to punch my brain. I'll bring it up. A, B, A, B, R. Okay. Thanks, Palin. I haven't read. Okay. Sing a bye. Please. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T. And Verizon line. Meal shows on movies are disgusting. 278 votes. founderess, effing pondress 95. And at one wins hands down your pants, getting boring 54, Okay 46. Good 42 and great. A breath of fresh air only 41. Mann, if our sensitive guy my expecting to be twitching right now. Okay, my bowels would be a churning. You have that feeling. Sure, right now. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. Ah, my god. just incredible how unyielding and ungiving and just bastards is the word I'm looking for bastards just brutal what sound photos all about anyway left goes on we'll do other stuff you know we'll talk about what's your favorite book what the funny pages are reading today and stuff like that peanuts 19 to one a QAM are we done in 19 minutes see not see I like to tend to two thing and I think what I'm I'm starting to think about a great solution to the problem is what we'll do is we'll revert to one o'clock closing right tend to one lowest common denominator right tend to one sounds good for me like I'm certain days like when we're in the right mood now tomorrow we got the one or two comedy but so it's Wednesday or we could do no like we've been so flagulated by the audience so abused and uh just reduced to almost here is at this point you believe me no sound good though I'm gonna watch magnolia I'm gonna enjoy it whether they like it or not I'll tell you something I do enjoy that's sleeping on my great mattress some dial mattress and you'll do the same because they carry only the best in the world no crap no uh off brands and no discontinued sets no mismatches telematra sells only the best mattresses in the world I got names that you know and love like silly sort of simmons tempered rap tempered pedic like I said with no sales gimmicks and no false promises and dial my press carries the high end beds too like ceilies crown jewel line top models from every brand go on all at a low unbeatable prices every day and all it takes is one simple easy phone call 1 800 mattress and they'll be there knock it on you do anytime at all soon like when it's continued for you you get to pick today the hour when you want them to be there they have to our window and they'll show up take away the crappy old betting for free and set up your great new mattress from dial my press and like I said it on beatable price so why go to a better department during your ripped off when you can get the best deal going anywhere on a great quality name ratters from dial my press with one easy call 1 800 mattress column right now you'll be sleeping great starting tonight 1 800 mA TTR ES or check them out of the web if you like at mattress dot com I am woman watch me go describe a nation he's me on and it's time for me to go play with the man with my driver I stand tall and I play with my own balls and I won't go back to the LPG again oh yes I am good so stop saying that I'm not and bring on Tiger walls I just oh my make the cut I wear short pants and I can really swing I'm not wrong I am am a call she's am a call I am my she's am a call I am woman I am a 406 that leaves us into our pull question for this our kinestence macho Anika Erickson or Andrew's Erickson what do you think is that a name Anika I believe right I thought it was a sword and stir it is something is it sorenson sword stamp I don't know what her name is I know I'm Erickson and I think she wins and that well you know so we got some dice who can play golf okay we do a babe babe digresson's a heriess played golf and of course you know you heard that name even though you hate sports and it's not a sport hate these huh you never heard of babe digresson's a heriess no I think she was kind to George Maryess well seriously she was a great golfer she played against men though as it in years ago never heard but everything now is like wow we got to take 20 giant steps back you know we got a goose step back and a foot further back and on the whole deal through American dance the goose step back into the past and of course it's interesting to me a lot of the same guys that were screaming hysterically about keeping the broads out of Augusta oh yeah well she certainly had a right to compete it look how good she didn't she almost made the cut and blah blah blah blah you know who cares it's a stupid game anyway everybody in their brother I must be way out on a limb you know I enjoyed watching these movies course I realize you know it's passive when you're fat out of shape fat out of shape people generally don't participate in in activities like golf they sit around watching movies on TV I don't know if there's a lot of fat golfers yeah you're right like Hank thanks to golf girl out of course he hankos out there plays golf to schmooze because he likes schmooze with his sports buddies not like his you know uh most fat oh that's right Moe's a chubby he's a chubby baby he goes out there in a golf as his life that's all he knows this from golf that's why it's good at his winning his daughter-age days are in Florida because Florida is where they come to play golf and wait to die and put on the silly pants the whole the whole routine put on the lime green pants or the other the funny looking ones pay off those check-in pants those two hat with a pom-pom show off their vera-cos veins to the world but you just love this snap his nose was vain one time oh in fact I bet you if he's net his vera-cos vein you know the real big bulbous one hard enough is a piece my flop fly off his head kind of like on our website you know that piece that the trash transfer's got on it the one that like bobs up and down five six seven oh our whole sales department bobs up and down as far as I'm concerned boy they need to see Glenn Gary Glenn Ross oh sorry they bob up and I'm all fine out which of these movies we've been talking about member like sweet to slate clean and we'll just pretend that this ever happened this was a bad you know you try different things like I said the music thing went over bad the bedtime stories went over bad the uh movie thing going over very bad they hate it I'm trying to think of anything that we ever did I'll show that they huh I was just gonna ask yeah what did we ever do on new show 27 and a half years now that they liked was there anything now really the lightning round oh yeah I'm the lightning round here's Hollywood hello yes yes golf is stupid but I got two things yeah I just watched the director's cut on DVD of the usual suspects yeah and I finally understood the film after seeing it three times normally um great film other thing is did you see this three-hour interview calling with no shumski on C-Spanthus Sunday oh yeah right no of course not well what I'd be sitting around watching C-Spanthus on my weekend well it was quite an eye opening event I mean he just answered lots and lots of questions about our government economic and overseas foreign policy etc yeah never see I've never seen the gap I know he's written about a hundred books but he's a brilliant guy but I know I have better things to do on my weekend than sitting around watching C-Spanthus well yeah I mean you know you can catch pieces of it here and there but it's you know it's repeated time to time it's a comeback it's definitely worth checking out okay all right have a good one thank you two thanks no I'm a shumski man brilliant guy not too crazy about this regime that we got now that's a city very least he knows what side has been but it on he knows what it's all about and a good story about the Carlild group and there yesterday do you see that on our website got one today that I think I might actually get to the next hour and I wanted to our go to terrorism tied to Christian sect question mark about Eric Robert Rudolph call you we want to say that Christianity is like I got sex do we we don't want to be saying that there's no such thing as Christian sex all these doctors shooters he just huggers like our governor boys he and asshole or what huh God anybody in the Saudi Institute for Jet Bush and that last election they should they should take away your uh... something your marble first day I was gonna say marbles but I think somebody already beat the punch god yeah that's right take away your birthday your birthright take away your photo registration cards so you can't do it to us again here's a lady whoops when there he is oh yes sir okay I have the information I'm ignoring and it's directed by the same guy directed blue and I okay so I don't know if that would be any help any I enjoyed looking at so that was great yeah okay moving I have a story some somewhere along the line to the guy that makes the good that to the US government right I read it I read that you know news of the weird and stuff like that and this lady buys a car at the government auction of group you know that they confiscated from the drug dealers to fix the car home with a car starts giving her problems from the beginning you know stalling on and stuff just take it to her mechanic and mechanic couldn't figure out what was going on either so eventually he goes look I want to have to drain the gas tank it seems like we have to show something in the gas tank that's doing this they found eighty thousand dollars wrapped in like you know how they wrap it to bring it into the country that the you know the gasoline do it or damage to it and then the government sued lady trying to get them one he back and basically would be the the drug said that they were essentially leading them up with the money they said it was the government's fault for not expecting the car throw enough to find eighty thousand dollars in the gas tank good for her nice goes we not will take care of okay and you'll take care thanks for the good news I'm surprised you didn't find like a big steaming uh... think of excrement the back seat long as you're armed a log five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eighty and t line here's a lady in plantation hello actually a third off of the station I've been my amy now uh... going wrong way i've been with my parents and i just wanted a big rainstorm on the phone just to talk to you well thank you so much i feel like i'm becoming a conic too because i called you last week okay anyway uh... you mentioned something about the movielorosty you may renamed us i'll have check-in well maybe they want to keep their own name uh... come on that's how i don't know and i didn't read that jica calm but i have to say i i kind of agree with that for what you just said because i think it was in the sort of the life with the rain so hard and i'll be uh... just a minute but the funder and things like brings back my death and so much nerd and probably did you understand what you think is your phone is what were you saying your phone is uh... is dying you're in a bad cell call me again or uh... come in a mark i couldn't leave her on a convenience there what you say she was trying to say that jica was right i've lost touch with because there's a rainstorm going on that's kind of unusual in the summer time in them see i don't want to be in touch with what's going on air in addition to the way i don't want to debate that it's his point with what i don't know the fact that it's hot and that there's a lot of rain it's the summer time don't forget the skaters and that nobody goes to the baseball games i i've been there long enough sweetheart okay i don't think i'm losing touch in fact every time i talk to somebody down at the same store no change same old crap nothing changes although i i will admit that one little part of it is that you don't you're in a much better frame of mind when you're outside of that area because uh... you're not experiencing it which is great but there is that similar to the audience at once you know misery loves company that want me to be as miserable as they are any answer is no thank you on like john madden i'll take my chances with the stars thank you see that's the mistake you made your watching some movies and join them having a good time as well i'll just add a china town that'll keep me safe which one five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line that's heartbreaking because she like hang on a long time but she's in a rainstorm maybe that had some to do with her or maybe she's got a crappy phone you think that could be it or both here's a call from my and he hello you're sure how you do and so great got to tell you it's an honor to talk to you you said is forget about that god damn poll today i got to tell you that you are absolutely like a breath of fresh air every day on the reason on my shmendric i guess who i got to tell you know that not only do you entertain us uh... not only do you deliver the news to us but you make us laugh on a daily basis yeah i don't get it what is uh... spik's down here i have to say about you yeah i think it's the spik's that up against the day that it'll like movies anyway let's take a sub-title absolutely absolutely speaking of spik's i'm expecting the two in this country what are the odds that i even speak English first of all i don't know i get maybe he'll collect in pace of the time yeah exactly then i got to thank you for something that you did for me no uh... you forever have been talking about ponytail at the people off yeah so i finally i live in ten more times i finally tried to speak uh... over the weekend i got to tell you it's got to be the best freaking pizza i've had in south florida right here you go wonderful how much did he slip you make this call now actually he's what we not in but he what he needs to do it starts flipping coupon to us because i got to tell you for a large two-top and pie was expensive current other places but for good peace in the alpayat there you go so thank you god bless you no and please keep up the good work okay thanks thanks for the look job i appreciate okay we'll give me a towel during a break all the way on time again the towel during a break you have to get blow dried now that this is uh... this is brutal you better talk parents that uh... we're going to have a lot of sick days come up if we can't get some god damn spots on the log hey clarins yeah get whether you jackass and get thowner boy his paycheck and quit playing hard to get okay for who busy doing a baby crap over their hurricanes and with uh... the beast you know now that they got Josh Friedman out that's a good start i think that place needs a good house cleaning that's my own personal opinion which don't come from much a good house cleaning get a lot of those children out there i love that overgrown at the u of m baby crap bull uh... cock are they already got penis faced they're doing a ball games i was thinking about this i i was in the kitchen last night and i don't know what prompted me to have this come to my mind but i was thinking about the you know bills infer which we know he got screwed over by somebody but we don't want to get into personality is doing when i'm mentioned on a but they had a chance the u of m games were offered to him by the station and u of m said oh we want one guy to do all of our games bills infer they pass on so that josegacca can do the games and in that you know what that's our thought that to me is definitive what says our thought is all about i've just too long away what's on it do i have a spot to do here yeah fast train i think i threw that away too are you know something i did did throw it up the window did you i look at the work get the chalk hey get the chalk get the chalk i close the by closed the clock i can't get the clock i can't get the clock i can't get the i can't get the chalk i think i should make it oh there it is well you know it's a Todd record and mister copy mister just keep repeating the same words over and over again and pretend to see not only is ourselves department need to see uh like Baldwin real fast from grand jury glad Ross but they they just they're faking away through life not only are they now writing many business but the little business that they do right they don't give us anything they give us nothing to work with and of course we got a sales manager she's still busy uh doing that blow up dal she's got a rock foster and she you know can't have don't have time to get these bastards on the stick we don't have about a 40 share on this show but you know if you're going to go back to tend to to it's going to take a while to get some spot back on her what kind of a crazy bitch are you screw and you disgusting piece of turret man she is really some kind of piece of garbage and that too 1259 is 560 WQM if you got other kinds of problems like baldness and the can't get it up and things like that there are people you can speak to the folks at fast-range or want to be bothered but if you're stuck at a dead end job if your paycheck is embarrassing at best call our friends at fast-range because they can have you fully trained and ready for new hot-pain computer career in just four short months call them today there's no obligation else plan it to you that gets on a right road to a real check call one eight six six fast train don't be drill and holes like Matt Dylan get your real job fast-range got locations in Miami Kendall for Loderdil and Pembroke Pines call it see that was a little bit too convenient that part for the end of the movie there were just you know drill and like a Dylan yeah he was drill and the Dylan call fast-range toll free at one eight six six fast-range the offer job placement assistance financial aid convenient evening and weekend classes no more excuses to stay in a crappy dead end job unless you want to and I don't think so your new career and a big fat paycheck just a phone call and four months away so jump on that fast-range day with one quick call a conchanger life call one eight six six fast train or check them out on that wicked web at fast-range.com innych bicycle and we'reable So when we went out and bought me a leisure suit, a jingle my chains, but I'm still kind of cute. Got a job doing radio, come home, and none of the jacks could even tell I'm a home, It eventually became a friend. So I drifted along, it's a lesson now. I can think about an hour on the power of power. So long as I guess, so little gold, the child will roll a gun. I am the American dream, where the skin will apply butt till it makes me scream. And I'll be wearing a thing to get ahead. I'll be a midnight thing as thank you for it. Oh, God, oh, God, I'm so fantastic. Thanks to ready, I'm a sexual guest, and give my name is Farmer Brown. I got a great idea. How about those one hit wonders? 105 is 560 WQA, and here's a traffic report on 6-0. Yes, sir. I just call it, let's know, what your audience know. I 95 north from downtown Miami is basically shut down. I mean, it's moving very, very slow. Because the rain over here was there a wreck. The zill rain must be a wreck. I just passed 395 over to the beach at the north, and it still just stopped and goes down the go. There's no rain, but there's no lights, like in either of the fax that anywhere. Okay, thanks for the bad news. Thanks. Okay, now the woman I called before that was to try to agree with Tom Chick, even though she didn't read it, and her phone was cravin' on. Let me just hit this to you. Well, you're in the building there. See, Georgia Bonerbock could say, oh, it's pouring at cats and dogs here. When you're in the building, you don't know either, because we have no windows. No. We have no window to the world. So, whether it's like we could have hail coming out of the size of tennis balls, we wouldn't know it. It could be raining, flaming meteor is right now, we wouldn't know it. Right, exactly. After I'm gonna be defensive about that, but it's just a stale, terrible argument, you know. This, the arrest of alleged Olympic bomber Eric Robert Rudolph may finally allow authorities to answer a question that's looms since the beginning of the five-year hunt form, but that's taken on deeper resonance since 9-11, is he a Christian terrorist? The question is not just whether Rudolph is a terrorist, whether he considers himself a Christian, it's whether he tidied bombs at the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta to abortion clinics in a gay nightclub to advance a religious ideology and how numerous organized and violent others who share that ideology may be. Federal investigators believe Rudolph has a long association with the radical Christian identity movement, which asserts that Northern European whites are the direct dissemns of the laws tribes of Israel, gods chosen people. Some investigators also think he may have written letters that claim responsibility for the nightclub in abortion clinic pommings on behalf of the army of god, and I violent offshoot of Christian identity. This reminds me of the mighty Python, which will be is it we're talking about life of Brian, the people who are just liberation, the people who are just liberation, the people who are just solidarity brothers, same thing man. Like I've told you for years folks, the religious people are the crazy people, make no mistake about it, and the more religious, the more crazy. That's it. The very tale people. So go to our website, we let holster it from the Washington Post, and be sure if you have time or if you have any interest to read that the very like these article, by John Adelstein, one of the minority of the attempt to democratic commissioners on the SEC who voted yesterday against that grotesque deregulation bill, a dark storm cloud is looming over the future of the American media and he is, he's got to stum right on it, and I told you back in 1996 or 7 whenever it was we were at IOD, and the day that that bill came down, what did I tell you? I said this is a nightmare for this business, a nightmare. You only, reo hope though in a Washington Post yesterday, it says a bipartisan group of US senators opposed the TV networks is spanning their reach expressed confidence they have the votes to roll back to rule adopted by the communications regulators yesterday. The group said it was pressing ahead with legislation to retain limits keeping an network from owning stations, that together reach more than 35% of the national audience. But Senator Trent, a lot of Mississippi told a news conference there was no partisanship in sending opposition to the new cap, a lot of Republicans probably most of the Republicans in Congress would not agree with the decision by the FCC said, I don't even like that. So that's our one way of hope that maybe Congress will save the FCC, not so fast here, you hot shots, you lunatics, you maniacs, you graver hours you. Sorry, but it's only a coincidence that you know, big business got all the most of the big tax breaks and the rich people. And the poorer people, especially those with children got pretty much left out of the latest to tax cut. And then they said, oops, well, we didn't really mean that. We didn't really mean to do that. Right, sure. 56050560, pound 560 on the AT&T and for rise on our list, Lions are gigantic, our mammoth world shaking one to two hour. Here's the call from Daniel. Hello. Daniel? Yes sir. Hey, how are you doing? I like the movie shows. All right. I've learned a lot of things about it since you start doing them. I learned there's a lot of closet listeners. Career. I've been able to rent the recwim for about two weeks. I'll be banned. And I realized my video stored doesn't carry crap. And yeah, there's a real dearth of video stores down there for DVDs, man. It's embarrassing. Yeah, if it's not like a Jackie Chan something or other, you know, forget about it. Yeah. But I'm a firefighter. And I'm banned from the fire station for picking movies anymore because I rented recwim and I brought it in. And everybody was mortified and depressed. Really? Yeah, especially when it got to the part where they said, uh, after ass, that was it. I thought that was one of the great scenes in the movie. That's right. And George liked it too, especially with Jennifer Conley's ass. And I don't think you're going to make the South Florida audience happy with whatever you do. You're right. I said, don't worry about that. I'm just, you're right. I'm going to just press ahead. You gave me the courage to just press right along. I've been listening to you. I'm 30, about 30 years old now. And I've been listening to you since I was 13. I'm the atheist Democrat and I don't own a gun. Oh, right. Excellent. So you've had some effect on me on Camille. Outstanding. Must I grease pool pal? Have a great day, thug. Okay. There's an ice suck job from a firefighter. How do you like that? It gives me a little bit of inspiration here because you don't get too much from South Florida. You get that kind of negative feeling. What? You get that thing. Maybe it's only me, you know? Firefighters are main first high on these long ladders. Oh, those are thin hands. Yeah, they got their hoses in hand. All right. So there's a guy that's got a little bit of inspiration for me. Good, you're right pal. I'm just pressure right ahead. Screw on. Fem. You know, I love that was one really good scene. And then we'll be last night with Anthony Hopkins. Legends of a bread pit. Yeah. Where he even though he's like, he's, you know, had his stroke and his other. What all these other problems. And he still has that middle digit though. He's got the middle digit. He's got the middle digit. He can barely move. But he got the middle digit. That was good. Nice going, Anthony. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. What did they like? Is there anything they like? No, freebies. They like freebies a lot. Right. Oh, we got some Marlin tickets for you. Hey, Dorane, quit screw on with Ferrell. Sure. The guy just started for Christ. We had a rainout on his first show there because it got him transmitter problems. And here's only his third show on a station full time. And she's, she's dickening with the Marlin tickets there. Oh, it's interlead play. Nobody gives a flying craft. Don't you understand? Nobody cares. Interlead play. Four play. All they care about is if they're giving away freebobble head dials or something else for free. Free hot dog, free weeners. Then they'll show up. They don't give a crap. What's going on out there in between the freebies. They could care less. Hey. That's right. See Oakland A's interlead player. Are you excited about it? What? In Bonerboy go to the game tonight? Huh? 61 degrees, little murky here in Toronto. Gonna make it 2-2 about 65 today. Not too bad. Yesterday's sunny in 70. Yesterday was my definition of a perfect day. Do you know what I mean? What about an I'm a... I'm facting you of texture. Oh. No, sir. It was a perfect day. Low humidity. sunny 70 degrees. Just a little nice breeze. A picture of what? More Howard David and naked? Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh, I'm put that Jonathan Everett out of business. That piece of crap. I'm telling you right now. I'm leaving. See the audience probably thinks you're making this up. See ya. What are the odds? How many million to one? That I could actually finger that up. I got my second powers working. I got my module working man. I can't wait to see this quick. Hurry up and pass it. I got a sign. It's way in the electronic building. Oh, we're going to go. Let me do the break real quick here. So I can, uh, they got to know all the way to. I can spend all the rest of the time. I'm doing a break all 20 seconds. How low can they go friends? Now the financial group does the limbo rock under the lowest refinancing rate. How low? Just 1.95% that's correct. It's true now you can refinance your homer by a new home and get super low. Just calm down. 1.95% financing with financial group. Call toll free 1.80940. That's 1.80940 land. Even if you're thinking about refinancing or buying real estate, you really ought to be talking to these folks. They'll explain the hard works. Call financial group 1.80940 land and talk about savings. Wait till you're these payments. If you have a one up, calm down. If you have a $100,000 loan if you only 360. 8 a month. If you have a $200,000 loan if you only 736 a month. Call financial group toll free 1.80940 land. If you have a $100,000 loan if you only need a $100,000 loan if you only need a $100,000 loan if you only need a $100,000 loan if you only need a $100,000 loan if you only need a $100,000 loan if you only need a $100,000 loan if you only need a $100,000 loan if you only need a $100,000 loan if you only need a $100,000 loan if you only need a $100,000 loan if you only need a $100,000 loan if you only need a $100,000 loan if you only need a $100,000 loan if you only need a $100,000 loan if you only need a $100,000 loan if you only need a $100,000 loan if you only need a $100,000 loan if you only need a $100,000 loan if you only need a $100,000 loan if you only need a $100,000 loan if you only need a $100,000 loan if you only need a $100,000 loan if you only need a $100,000 loan if you only need a $100,000 loan if you only need a $100,000 loan if you only need a $100,000 loan oh $100,000 loan if you only need a $100,000 loan if you only need the $100,000 loan if you only need a $100,000 loan if you only need a $100,000 loan if you only need the $100,000 loan if you only need a $100,000 loan off if you only use an That was already the point I heard, do the do. I'll announce the winner of the beauty of the Beast Contest. So I can get out of here, go home. Alright, give me the goddamn envelope. Here you are, I'm all done! And the winner is... Bachelor it, number one. Okay, Beast. I am the Beast. Yep, that little toy behind that curtain is your date. Is it gonna be Bachelor it, number one? Or Bachelor it, number one. Let me see, number one. I had figures, you can't think we're all that fucking you have. You're the winner, but you're the part of me. Give me a minute here, I can't think I... Number one. I got your mind on your face! Get your mind on your face! We're the whole family on the ground! Alright, Beast, me jump this three day. Sporthold Radio programmed director, Clarence. Oh! I was hoping you'd pick me. Well, I always thought you were trying to cue. Maybe later we can talk about sports. You said sports! Oh! Stop it, Clarence! I am the Beast, and you're binding my arm. Alright, you two, my little head's black at all. Get in the back of your head. What for, mom? Roger, one, yam, moron. I know. Now I got to use on a date to the crazy horse he's horse-stripped. Here we are, kids. No, have a good time. Thanks, where's all the food? It's a game club, both. I know what the real looks like, I'll order you some news. He's the deals on you. Ah, not that bad match, that bad match. I've smog up. Sport! I can't hear your music, you'll have it. What was that? Sport! Right? I said sport! Oh! It never shows my t-t-t-le and it does. No, NEEM! Empp today! Don't go, don't go, don't go! Speak cheer up! Sports! No! Come on, don't go away! Spin this tight! Plop, snap! Come on, don't go away! All right! One, two, spin this, and its time to go away! Boys, run! I, baby, spin this on! I, I, scaop, take this away! It's 120 to 560qm. Now you're going to have to explain to me smell a little bit as it is the facts, loose anything in the translation. all have to forward the email to you that Vogue Brian will send it in on I'm sure. Oh really? Oh you're gonna get a copy in your envelope. A hard copy as it were. Yeah. I doubt how hard it's gonna be man. It's gonna be too long. It might be a floppy copy. Now trying to explain to me in 50,000 words or less what it is that I'm looking at here. It's Moan all-forced wearing the lampshade that the dogs wear to keep the door for a while. Oh I see see if you would have told me to turn it sideways. Now I get it. Oh my god. And I guess what he's saying. Gang rape is funny. Yeah. It's just as he's about to get it in the uh... Bracom in the egg. He's not exactly naked. He's wearing panties in the collar. Yeah he's wearing one of those things at home. I guess I probably smid-canned it. Then Painey. Take them. One of those things that you put over around a dog's neck would have to keep it from biting itself. I have a right lampshade thing's here. Well at least now that he's got that on around his head he can't look behind and see who it is back there. See you pretend to tell anybody. There you go. Could be Dorine. Oh no that wouldn't be good. I forgot about that. Well he had a little problem with her too. Five six seven oh five six. You are pulled today at a zastoral. I'm putting them all as pulled together right now. It says our last movie pull. For now. And it will make a list of the ones that we've been talking about the last month or so. Whatever it's been. It's been too long. Too many movies too much. Neal shows on movies are ponderous. Epping ponderous. 125 people say that. Out of 365 734 percent. Ponderous. They hate it. They're spit right at their radio is right now. Getting boring 68. How much a Rick the mail man's already shut it off. Okay 66 good 58 and great a breath of fresh air only 52. I don't think in the history of the show we've ever had such negative response that anything that we've tried to do have a way. Can you think of anything? I'm thinking. I mean I can't imagine anything that I've ever talked about or tried to get into that we've ever had such. I mean now granted the too much we did on a harness racing driver's name. That was you know that was kind of marginal. I kind of like that. Yeah. This was really depressing. These people wouldn't know William Brennan from Georgie Brennan. 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. And like I said, I'm still going to watch Maggoye sometime this afternoon or no hockey game today. I thought I would watch it anyway. In fact, the next game made until Thursday. You see that they got a 2 day LA up. Oh, they got a they got to fly all the way back to Jersey now for game 5. And probably John Madden, the hockey player. He's as much of a pussy as the football guy. One of them won't fly. I want them to come here because he's free. He's going to die. Schmuck stay out of here John Madden. You're an asshole. I'm talking about the hockey guy. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Daniel. Yes sir. The movie talk is a little ponderous, but I want to contribute anyway. I know. I don't think I'm off the psychology of this call. I really like almost all of the movies you've talked about. It's a strange coincidence. It would be an event in the moment. Yeah. Yeah, that was it. It was a real compared to these other ones. Oh, not even in the same week. So first I want to add a movie that I think you really should see. I know you like it. It's called funny games. And it's a German movie. Don't let that scare you off. It's subtitled, but it's not. It's not like a food movie that you wouldn't like. You would definitely like it. That way. But let me make my list here. A beautiful mind. Vest in show. And what's the name of this one? Funny games. Okay. Okay. You got to see. It's a chilling, chilling movie. Oh, I like those. Right. It kind of like in the same way that's a happyness is. Um, Magnolia. I really like Magnolia a lot. I think a love Jason Robard's performance. Yeah, he's one of my favorites. Fantastic. And it's a frog thing. The frog thing is like the least of the movie. Everyone talks about the frogs, but that's really just a small metaphor in the film. Not much more than that. But it gets a little, it gets a little slow at times, but it's a good movie. Like it. Okay. So that's my contribution. Okay. Thanks, Sally. See now that's an interesting call. That to me that to me right there that there was fascinating because he said it's a little pond. Was anyone into a very enthusiastic song that ends about several movies? You see what I'm saying? No. It's like an SNM thing. We find it painful, but don't stop doing it. It's so good. That's what it sounded like to me. Maybe I'm just interpreting what I want to do in Turpur. That could be it. You know, like chewing on a canker. You know how we do? I wonder if there are any of the other bedtime stories that we put on there that I ought to. And I guess they all speak for themselves. I do like the one TV news that looks local even if it's not in the New York Times from yesterday. Scary. When, of course, the, you know, with the audience would say, well, you're a Toronto. You know, you're not down here. Well, but everybody knows that. Same up pretending to be there. When I'm there. I tell you on there. When I'm here. I tell you. I'm pretty happy about it. When viewers in Flint, Michigan turned to the Fox 66 news at 10 last Thursday night, the station's resident in Firebrand, Mark Heiman was at the ready to serve up some passionate Punditree. Black Asian and Hispanic seniors are graduating from colleges this spring and ethically themed ceremonies that are out of bounds for white's Mr. Heiman. The station's commentator invade. Before passing the camera's attention back to his colleagues on the Flint News team, he added, segregated ceremonies have no place in America's college campuses. If Mr. Heiman's tan looked out of place in Central Michigan, or his commentary seemed ill-suited to a city with large population minority groups. There was good reason. Mr. Heiman was actually in a studio just outside Baltimore, not sharing a set with a Flint News team. As he does most nights, Mr. Heiman also addressed the audiences of local news programs in cities across the country, including Pittsburgh, Oklahoma City and Rochester, from where he sat in HUD Valley, Maryland. Mr. Heiman is part of a national team of anchors, commentators, and weathercasters that when plans are complete will report for all 62 TV stations owned by Sinclair Broadcast Group. Sinclair calls it central casting. To the company, it's an efficient way to cut the cost of local journalism, bringing news to small stations that otherwise would go without. But to opponents of that proposal before the FCC, the loose and mediocre ownership rules, the Senate Maryland is a frightening sign of things to come. And here you go, you can read more on our website, near rojus.com. Also, let's get those hot couples of pictures in here, will ya? Jeez, we got some nice prizes there, including a prize number three, which we haven't announced yet, but which we will, worth quite a few bucks. Do you just creep it in, Crawlman? What we got two entries? Three? Four. We do have three. I've only seen a one. And we would prefer the topless version of those folks. They look pretty good. Yeah. Well, the topless version will certainly get a lot more response on our website. And if they're little punky kids out there, it's you some nipples too bad, you know? We give you an advance warning. Once in a while, you might see something a little bit not x-rated, but what would you call it? I traded PG13. There you go. On our website, there might be a nipple, a, no, maybe even like a hint of a penis. Kind of like what I got, a hint of a penis. Does I miss the line? What the hell was it? Only buried in the middle. Oh, wait a minute, since since when, just a moment, water not sequestes. When do we put a live spot? Remember, we're selling it in a break. I've been in a hurry. We're all back there. There's things going on. Don't ask questions. Oh, brother, how'd you like to have an interest bearing account in the bank? The amount of money, the equivalent amount of cash for the spots that we're missing? Since the, since the line-up changed last Thursday, they haven't got a Chinaman's clue what those going on back there and that traffic department man. The fact what they ought to do is gotten plan traffic. So I guess before I do the, uh, mine up to an oleamid right now. In fact, I'd like to pop a couple in somebody's piss or elsewhere. I pick the bad data, which sniffing glued exactly. Oh, right now. Welcome back to the Mojouta. David is showing you a more mucusest station. Oh, we got a special guest journalist today. Oh, no. Not on the people are getting that cape, people are yet on scowl. And they didn't hit me to cast it. I'm even tired of dropping his date. But how is the ratings party? I don't want to talk about it. What? What did I say, I thought it was an oleamid ratings party. Parents told me everybody there was going to be in the lords. So I shows up naked and everybody ran out of it. Yeah, because she showed up listed. Nah, he told Luen the same thing. Oh, yeah, well, oh, yeah, come to a special guest for real, right? Hell, uh, what do you know? What are you saying? Now, this is about to be one of the premier radio shows on the air today. Well, you're good. Oh, the thoughts and the bites. You guys are a person boy. He's talking about real show mode. Let me tell you something. You know, watch out for that spoo shower. That guy there is gay in the winter. Well, I'm loaded him hooting. It's the brutal out in here. This is a sports station. Ah, button the top of your shirt. Oh, right. And you've got this down. But am I against? No, I need to pay. I suppose you want to rape me now. You're not. Everybody else wants me for their receptacle. Why not you? Here you go. No chance you'll. That's it. I actually are not putting games in the bulk of every day. I want you job. My job. I guess a different kind of rape. I'll have you know. I'm the king of the station and you have the four. What is the good? All the other. Hello, Mo. What's the meaning of this? Please large fellas are here to escort you outside. But, what's the thing? Give me the case for the kingdom of the king. The king is the king. My of course, Mo. You can always count on me. Miss Carlos and Tim. Come on, Victor. Let's go. Get your plug off. Drop that entire bloop. Oh, and you're one other thing before you go. What's the boop? The boop. The boop. The boop. The boop. The boop. Take them away, fellow. One, 34 at five, 60, WQM, 26 till two. Well, that's a bizarre. I'm going to somebody didn't put that little asterisk by the thing on the log two. Overpass, I'm very this morning. I see. Yeah, we only had like what two hours before. Yeah. Can't cut a two close, you know. Yeah, see the problem with George is along on many of the things is that he has to take his little girl to school every morning. Yeah. So regardless of the time change on the show as opposed to turning a nine. Now we're starting to attend. It makes no difference. Let me still has to get up and we are the morning number one. And number two, he's still has to come into work like it's 730 in a morning. Yep. Well, I guess what? I'm just getting up at 730 in a morning. So I do all my essays. My Schmidt, my shave, my shower, whatever else. And you know, I take in my shellac, the, yeah, my shellac, I'm shot. And then I take, you know, my vitamins and my pills and my this. And I come in here like about eight o'clock. And at this point, I want to hear, I mean, I do get here a little little the, uh, ass end of a motor. Just a little bit more than enough. And then I want to hear a few minutes of feral. And I'll cause he's a trip and he's new on a station and he's, you know, the new guy in town. I want to hear what's going on. That's beautiful for us. Yeah, see? And then George is like a champ in it because he's been sitting there on his ass talking to nobody. Just looking at the ceiling for like a half an hour. Eight 15, let's let's circumpromise. Eight 15. I'm not in a right. Got us to do in here. Yeah, right. By the way, these people, because remember that guy that called about, uh, did you get the email that I sent you or the facts that I sent you about George Bush's resume? Yeah. We keep getting these are like five six page faxes. We get 20 of them a day from him and other people in how many scenes it's boring. It's not funny. It's the same old tired crap. Okay. Uh, go to the comedy club. Take it over there. Maybe they want them to be a putch on stage. Putch out of your misery. Leave us alone. And the 95 accident, there was an accident on 95 by the way. It was, yeah. Right after 836 heading north. Right after 836 everything's clear. Oh, wait a minute. I want to see if I can find the one moment please. I'm glad you mentioned that about the traffic. Two eight. Oh, you know something. I am. I have no idea. I just hit the rewind button and stop it from this morning show. This is I gotta go to the track. That's traffic and weather. I'm Mark Morgan on sports radio 560 Q8 L. Oh, brother. I could do that again in a million years for a lot of money. I couldn't do it. I am really rolling. Even though the audience see the audience is usual. They're going in one direction. They're hostile. But I'm on a wicked wild roll here a wild ride of my life. I'm so excited. I might go out and get some of that briars as far as I go. I don't do it. You're too young. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, little rainy here the next couple of days like tomorrow on Thursday. 61 tomorrow 60. Eight. And then 72 on Friday and 68 again on Saturday. That's not bad. I like it around 65 to 70. Few showers here in there. I'm just mentioning that in passing. I don't want to, you know, you don't need to come here. We got that SARS. Oh, you don't want to get that. You don't want to come here and die. Go to Chinatown. Mad cow. Bad John Mad. Number 11 for the New Jersey Devil. I hope somebody spears him in the push. Okay, me put the series over. What a pussy. Oh, yeah. I'm really nervous about going there. They should move that damn ceremony. Blow it out your ass. You pussy. You know, it's amazing. How many of these so-called macho jobs, you know, the guys that take showers together? How many of them are like afraid of flying and, uh, and just, yeah, all kinds of crap. Seriously. And of course, there are all the people listening to this, the sports segments on the station would tell you, Oh, no, those are the real men. The athletes, those are the real men. That ought to be a bunch of panties like you. Right. Like me, that flew like right shortly after 9-11, and it does all the time without any, uh, panic or his theory or whatsoever. Lives right here part of the time, like in the middle of this, the stars infested, uh, the area, you know, they opened up a new, uh, by the Eden Center to be shopping all downtown. Friday night, they opened up, but it would say they've been working on it for like three years. A new, uh, for go with a call it, but a block where they have like a park and all kinds of stuff. And I can outdoor a ban shell. There were thousands and thousands and thousands of people walking the streets listening to the free concert. Have it a great time. Oh, my God, we don't want to go there. Here's Miami, hello. Yeah, yes, sir. Yeah, I'm still feeling the use of them, and no, how many people died from alcohol, much more than I want to do. Yet I know that. Well, they should do something about it. More people die from cigarettes and then out marijuana. More people die from fat from the food that they sell in a grocery store than will ever die from marijuana. Yeah, and you know that the bomb was just legalized and also they're showing the angle of them, Canada. The one? The bomb was just joint angle and then Canada, they legalized. The more hamadins? The pommos, you know, I'm going to be a hot-ha-ha. Okay, here's a great day, man. Go take something with Scar. Oh, could you understand what he was saying? He was talking with like a little bit too heavy. They pet Twa for yours, truly. I don't understand those guys. The Bahamas just legalized the work. Wait, well, they didn't legalize anything here. They're talking about decriminalizing. They're debating and they will be quoting in the air. They'll pass them in laws and they'll make it like a traffic ticket. And of course, they won't enforce it. And they're going to let you have like up to 20 joints. That should be an early for free, like crossing the water. And you gotta get it, which you're not supposed to be able to buy, which is this stupidity to hold thing. But then again, comes from Washington, D.C., where they made them an offer they couldn't refuse. Oh, that's right. We're going to put a tour. And we went to Suez, the mad counting, heaven and hell, burda, right away, the US. Oh, we're not allowing any work. It didn't mean to be imported. Yeah, I see the bushes getting even now with the froggy, with crutchin. We're going to teach you about bastards the thing or two. And guess what, everybody's still got a big smile in their push. People in a good mood, people polite, haven't a wonderful life. Largely, stress free. But getting fat. See, as one thing America does really well, they export their poison really well. Good. Well, that's right. Why should everybody else be healthy? Why should the rest of the world stay alive? And Americans, you know, direly from fan. That grire, score ice cream, sure sounds good to me, you know what? Man. Now, you can get that. The things. It's not like my talking about Nestle's turtle, which you can't get there pretty much. It's something that everybody can get. Rires score ice cream. Well, you know, more and more score for the poor. Well, that's not a bad meal. Half gallon of ice cream. That's a meal. I bet you can't eat only one, right? I really, I really could eat that. See, I should probably shouldn't admit that, but I will, because I'm a fat slum. I can eat the whole half gallon. So I finally reach a point if I ever do that. Which I hope hopefully you never buy another one. But if I ever, you know, I get to a point and I say to myself, I realize that more and more this is disappearing. Because it, it doesn't seem, you know, if you heat it up, then you will, you can, yeah, you can eat it with a spoon, almost like drink it. And it gets nice and soft in the ice cream too. And it doesn't seem like you're eating that much in terms of volume. You follow them, Sam? Because you're just sitting there watching your movie, Magnolia or whatever. And you're shoveling it then. And it's delicious. It's sweet. It's, you know, the pleasure center of your brain is just doing a fat dance. And then so I have to get up and rush to the sink and turn on hot water and pour it over whatever the remains are and toss it in the tray. I was that sad or what? Yeah, it is. But I'm being honest with you, it's true. Now, why can't they make it like in, in at least pines, you know, at least, I would say this. I say a lot of good things for Ben and Jerry's because they're great guys. Great environmentalists, great, uh, they're just great people, even though they're this old company. But at least they make their ice cream in pines. Okay? Right. Can you imagine a half gallon of fish food? I think that could be the last supper. I think that was what they had for Passover. The Jesus had the last supper. I don't think I ever got nailed to the cross. I think it was the half a gallon of Ben and Jerry's fish food. And you notice the fish is the symbol, right? See that? Uh-huh. 142 at 560 WDQM. Hey, all you homeowners out there and a hot summer's day, which is almost every day from now from months and months and months to come. You want to go out and take a dip in your nice pool and you go and take a look and that thing and it's a mess. It's stained. It's dirty. Maybe even has cracks in it. Maybe you've got a crack problem like Oprah. Well, your pool does not have to be a mess anymore. Call our friends at Atlantic Marseille because they specialize in refreshing or refinishing and refreshing pools. Bring it back to life. Making a brighter, more colorful letter before and now Atlantic Marseille is introducing Atlantic blue bright. For over 12 years at Atlantic Marseille is beautified pools with the ever diamond bright and the makers of Diamond Bright have developed Atlantic blue bright exclusively for the people at Atlantic Marseille. Atlantic blue bright promises to leave your pool with a richer, more colorful appearance unmatched by anything in the universe. Your friends and neighbors will be positive you have a brand new pool. License then ensure there are real construction company and please keep in mind that the folks at Atlantic Marseille use real full-time employees, not some illegal banana boat people like we got who just called us a minute ago, Atlantic Marseille's a family owned and operated business that thousands have come to know trust and love and a surveyed Broward and Palm Beach. Atlantic Marseille also does expert deck renovations custom lighting, pool heating exotic and erotic water features too. So really enjoy your summer. Live it up in your own backyard this year. Call Atlantic Marseille today at 1-800-558-8883. That's 1-800-558-8883 Atlantic Marseille. Don't forget, really is your pool's best friends. Fuck you, Ian. Back, while the carnage away, promises you shins his good life. Do all he knows you will bang. Take it all for your child. When you conquer the world, you're not called the Ripple. Of all the fools, if you're against war, you'll be hit with you. There'll be much deeper gas. The shins are cams. Just turning your hips. Should John ask for all that. Just take it all for your child. When you conquer the world, that's a beauty. It rans next baby. Look out, we're coming. 147 at the 560 WQAM. I guess we'll just, you know, the poor we do tomorrow just be a compilation of like I said last year for weeks that we've talked about. We're not going to include the old movies like The Godfather and Cookies and that's, I mean, we've already done that stuff. This is different, right? Because the idea was to discover like a lot of new and interesting stuff that we never heard of and never saw and never thought to look at. Right? That was what it was all about. Go lunch, George. What the was that? From Glenn Gary. It's Kevin Spazley. Oh, yeah, right. Poor George. Yeah. Couldn't get him out of the goddamn office. He was, he was, he was, he was George. Go to the show. Show us on, shut up. Neil shows on movies. Are we asked on a poll today? And what? It's like slapping yourself in a face. 437 votes and a negative response. I mean, it's just phenomenal, remarkable. Shocking. Ponderless. Fing pond was 153. 35% right on the nose. Said that the movie shows our effing pondress getting boring 78. Okay, 77. Good, 67. And great. A breath of fresh air. Only 62. Stale. We should also put under Stale's last year's holoca. That would have been good. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T of Verizon. And the mad dog today, Brian Greasy or J. Filer. What do you think? Hey, call him up and ask. Here's sunrise, hello. Oh, Neil, hi. Yes, sir. Here, me, okay. I'm sorry. I was on our speaker's home, but it's just a day. You sound like it. It sounded just like you. Oh, thanks. I didn't get to hear most of the show today, but I was wondering if you had a film recommended to you in it's a Dutch film, actually. Oh, hey. Well, I think it was Dutch French co-production. And it was remade in Hollywood, horrible remake. It's called the vanishing. Sure. I see that. I see that. Okay. I just kind of a creepy film. I thought you might have enjoyed it because I know you're kind of down on Amsterdam right now, but you're a little familiar with the language and such. It was a pretty good film. I thought, you know, I saw both the original and the remake and your right through makes suck. Oh, they have to change. You know, that just tells you everything that's wrong. With mainstream Hollywood. You know, you're going to say, please don't say I'm down on Amsterdam now. I'm down on Amsterdam period. I mean, it's the party's over. I mean, now compared to before, sorry. Right. I think that movie tells you everything that's wrong with mainstream Hollywood. A lot of the good movies you're talking about now, like, Redway and Produreine. These are like the sort of independent on the edge of Hollywood films. But the mainstream films are just awful. Most of them. And that remake is the illustration. Why? I mean, the changes they made to the story to make it acceptable to, you know, the mass American audience. It tells you everything you need to know. Yeah. As soon as you started talking about that movie, I remember seeing it. Yeah. But that revenge. Yeah. Okay. Well, I just didn't know if you'd heard of it. Okay. I like the movie shows. Okay. Thanks. Here's one guy likes the movie shows. Now that we're getting toward the end of the line today. I will say one thing about ten to two boys. Sure goes by a lot faster. Sure. Don't you think? Mm-hmm. I don't know why that is. The nine to one thing was almost as fondresses are movie shows. Almost. Forget that. We got one call after an abort. I don't think that's going to cut a do. Oh, go on. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. I'm Mike Morgan. I'll talk to you. I don't know. Mark your. Mm. Like I said. Into the calls. Now let's play Requiem. We're going to rest in the show. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Howm, five, sixty on the AT and T.C. Once we stopped the movie stuff, even though some orbit trickled in there, you know, would like residual trickled. But that was it. They went out of material. I think bedtime story is maybe making a comeback. How could be. I mean, I like it. I mean, I like it. I like it. And again, you're a freaking liar. Okay. I like that. I like that. I like that. And that was it. And Porterborses McElz got a nasty vagina. Now, what you said, he said, angry vagina. And angry, oozing vagina. Here's Karl Springs. Hello. Hello, Daniel. Okay, sir. Listen, I love the movie. You've got to stop playing that beat from a referee for dreams. That's all I hear in my head all day now. But, uh, yeah. The Mexican movie, a boring hero. But it's a boring parent or you need mama, can't you? What is this man saying? Kill a music, George. Eto mama, come being. O Eto mama, come being. Have you seen that? No. I'm not a morage, but I'll keep your god at the movies. You're Mexican. They're tough kind of a girl. Okay. All right. It's time for us to see. Much as grassies. Thanks for taking the boat, I need to ask. Ha ha ha ha ha. Are you starting to get hostile? Look at even boat. I've always started to throw in a few shots. Okay. Well, between George Pumpkin and music out, and I'm playing it here too, it's like a little bit difficult for the guy to get into one of the turret edge wise. Just jam it in the back seat. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, DM, going to watch Magnolia. I don't care if anybody likes it. Doesn't like it. I'm going to watch it. Okay. And you know it's a production when it's in that big fancy schmancy. It doesn't mean it's good. But like my mental and of course, some of these you get like the special collectors that is an I told you about them. A mental thing. It had all the like just a whole bunch of bizarre stuff when you open it up. And there's one disk. I haven't had a chance to look at it. I've got a second disk. You know, well, all the directors crap and all the extraneous. It's a whole separate disk in there, which I haven't even looked at yet. I guess I forgot to look at it. And the most, you know, the one thing I learned today. Because I never really knew there was such a word. I must confess. What's the, they have mentos, right? Yeah, the fresh maker. Those fresh, you're a minst, the mentos. And there's like, more mentos with an MO. But there's also like the name of the movie is like, I don't know. Like I said, I'll write it on my ankles. Why? And local. And here's sports video 5, 60, 2, 8. You a, yeah. Oh, my, the suit can make any evening down from paper towels. Cause I'm pretty cost to line us from in pool. But according to how's all they're all? She is down right, cruel. And even with just dreaming, man, she from Connecticut. Throw it all, she's well, she makes a duplicate chip. She likes college and for her own lives. Out of unhindered. Martha Stewart, you sing so nice on my TV. But your smile is just a mess. So we can see your personality. Once I saw her making hearing out a college cheese, she'd use a book and fine quilt to do across stitch. I then may have a big and so damn rich. But she's such a bitch. Martha Stewart, how come you still pay off your bills? You're like Satan dressed in sadness. When your fluffy hands had frilly frills, making stars with bones she dug off bitter old back yard. Wife and that nobody she felt herself a dick. Better watch yourself a well-mathrex. Or she'll snap your neck. In her attic she remodels using pasteuries. Or she sits and makes her own desires. Now Martha's getting just desert. I guess that's true, girl. So I tattooed a reminder of myself on my ankle. I looked down to her and I'm breaking. What is that on my ankle? Rires for ice cream. Oh no. Hopefully this life. Jack, you killed your wife. John, you're pregnant. John, you killed your wife. Don't believe Teddy. Don't believe Teddy's lies. Go and answer the phone. See, there's one for this show. She reminded me long time ago. Go answer the phone. Has she done what I'm done? Has she done what I mean to Teddy or either? Mad Dog is next. The Humper from New York in a film log, which is coming up Saturday, funny aside when a triple crown by thin lengths. You'll see. Mad Dog II, Hank at four from New York. Sixth or the if the Marlins Undeck, the unmentioned one. The Oakland Asian Amarlins at the 705 and I PP Park. No interest. No. Don't talk about it. Any K who's on a verge of 1 in millions. If the ducks want to stand they come. Any K at 10, join Mark overnight. 2 to 5 in an a.m. There's no way I'm a piece of cake. Bye bye. I don't care how many take over getting you. What a great ball. Come on. Come out on a one-word.