The only sign of life in this miserable FAST out, the real treasure's gone. And it's still hot. Wonderful, double into you. It's Friday, you passed it. That's all we're gonna do. It's gonna be like... Pastro, get out of you, bar. We just can't use ya. You've been around with you long. You're pastro. You're ugly, pastas. Too long you've lasted. The day of peace should have worked. If there you make me sick, Get out of Cuba quick. You are so God damn rich, You and me go son of a bitch. This fall we know you like. Are you behind the strike? Where were you in 63? Did you kill Kennedy? Uh-huh. More than... More than... More than... More than... More than... More than... Oh, there's... Get out now in free your nation. Are you in to mass devastation? If there will live the embargo, Cuba will become another killago, USA. USA. With turning all the wraps and both away. Losit.hurrac fé Akonji, La Rosa. Hey raped like rot Ch lotta fake But it in there's not a joke! Don't be way too sweet, Why you behind the strike? Where were you in 63? Did you kill Zhang Kennedy? What day? What day? What day? What day? What day? What day? Get us now and the ordination are you in for masturbation. If you believe the embargo QB will become anarchy logo, you will say, you will say, Oh, the braffs and balks away! We got Miguel and the scouts you knew they'd do it. That's pretty cool. I'm sure it was and of course a lot of those droppings that you folks heard that was Miguel. Because that's about the only thing that gets him animated, I'm gonna show him what to do with Fidel, Fidel, Kuba, Kuba, Kuba, Miguel. They're not clear enough to get him to do that. If they go in there and put masking tape over his mouth, we all being a lot less trouble. I told him that, but other than that, I didn't know anything. I thought they yesterday went on here in a hysterical defense of my close personal friend for a while. I thought I did that, but evidently, well maybe he just wants to get that out of there. Can you blame him? No. Once he got out of the real hurry, high tailed, before another one of the meetings before they told they want to hold his meat again. Here's our poll from yesterday and speaking of Lucisian do, okay, but not that great. Nobody don't like Lucis do they? Probably a lot of punks don't have any idea who Lucisle balls was. Jim Mandage wins hands down baby. Who do you think is or was the most universally light celebrity? Nobody don't like the mad dog. 146 votes wins in a landslide. That's just wins, but wins in a landslide. They love the mad dog. All right. I want to give you a kiss. Mohanad Ali 96. Fred Rogers 95. Mickey Mouse 93. See we hit a bullet all the cartoon characters on there, but Oh, it's not. Mickey has a special place on his show on the hearts of the Saudis. Elvis 87. Princess die 85. Let's all go watch Princess die. Bob hope 81. Jenny Carson 65. Walter Concord 45. Lucie 38. When you thought you would done better than that, Lucie only 38. Jim East do her 27 plays with 27. Paul McCarty 26. Jacques Cousteau 23. And he griffed 21. John Bolushi 18. Yolder Ragnar 17. She did not a lot better than that. A lot of people can fuser with Rosanna Dana. Letin' him. And as a result, they hate her like poison because they think that she really is that bitch, Rosanna and then probably have Miguel Iseur too. Dole Cosby 16. Know how quiet he is George Burns 15. Harry Carri and Frank Sinatra 14 apiece. Jackie Gleason 11 after that. Paul Harvey had nine. We had over 11 hundred votes. Bob Barker only 8. Now that's amazing. Bob Barker used to have a done better than that. When you had 8 votes. Elizabeth Montgomery 7. Merlin Monroe 60. Valin 60. And Barbara Eden had only a small pair. And there's still a small pair. I can't believe that. Barbara Eden had only 2. Sometimes you focus the stars and astound me. Whether you're fair to really grasp these situation. Speaking of that, bargaret of whole pile of books here. Can I put them down eventually? Is it taken up too much space on my counter? I just bought these last night. Molly Ivins Bushwacked Life in George W. Bush's America. We'll get these on on our website. If Eric ever gets with it. The lies of George W. Bush mastering the politics of deception by David Coren. That, of course, the Al Franken book I already had. Paul Cragman, the great unraveling, losing our way in the new century. And I don't have to do Michael Morbokek because we don't have it yet. Called Dude, where's my country? But I'm sure I'm going to be getting it over the weekend. Oh, there's my big pile on the floor. U.S. military officials say two more American soldiers were killed late last night and for others wounded. The casualties came in an ambush less than they after the fatal car bombing. The killed 10 people are fleeing the driver in the same bag that neighborhood. Anybody out there watch, and I wonder if there was only W. Any deand Buffalo public television because otherwise we're going to start thinking conspiracy. There was that great show on front line last night about the Iraq war and about. And why do they keep putting Richard Pearl on it? It must have some obsession with that son of a bitch. They keep talking to this miserable bastard. I'd rather see Mo on there. But anyway, it was pretty interesting, but about 935, a little over half hour of the show. Oh, I've started the audio. Stair like every 10 second. The audio was screwed up. And of course W. Any deand Buffalo is the only PBS station I can get here. So I have no idea whether it was like a network problem, whether it was just a buffalo affiliate problem, or whether it was like sabotage from the Aima Nazis. And since nobody else there saw it, obviously, because they were busy. Scott was at the Panther game with 17,000 other people on my gal was also at the Panther game. Yes, for free. Yes. And we were like 17,000. I had only 2,000 unsouled. No, 2,000 empty seats. I don't want to say unsouled because love those seats are giveaways. A lot of Marfrey Bees. But that's not a bad crowd against the very mediocre Carolina team. Panthers 1, 3, to 1. There you go. And everybody's all excited about that. We got the Cubs in a Marlon game 3 tonight at PP Park. I heard Wayne actually call in this morning on a Mo show. Yeah, he did. I heard that. Old Valdi. Hey, by the way, Wayne. We don't care whether you want your cog. We still hate your guts. We still fight you obnoxious and disgusting and contentious and everything else. What a phony he is. You know, he sold the whole damn team after the 97 series pissed everybody off against the Marlins. And then the same thing with the Panthers. He was there with his obnoxious wife. All those Panther games he was down there. We love the Panthers. Throw him right. Of course, then he sucked everybody and brought it. And he built him that damn arena. And then of course he dumped the team. After they pretty much de-balled the team anyway. And then he's new guys. They haven't got a freaking clue. They have no clue. They can be mean well, but they haven't got any idea about their into. So the rest of the 17,000 people of Ed's lives died. I saw about 30 seconds of it on TV. How many? God, third man. And it looked like that might be right. But how many of those people, I'm so we're paying. And how many people are going to be there? I give me shit that I have a good crowd for the Bruins on Saturday. Don't you think or maybe not? You want it or why? Why? Marlins. Marlins game. Taters a compete thing going on. Now, where the hell is the, I'm looking on the schedule here. What's his door with the Panther game? Oh, the Panther game we're farming out to Waxi 790 on Saturday. Because we have the Marlin Kabu game for which, of course, we actually have an audience maybe for that on radio. So, you know, but then probably have a, what? 4,500 people there for Saturday's Bruins game. God's going to be there because you got three tickets again. One of the perks that we're working on in show and pre-parking. And a free parking pass. We got some tickets we're going to be away later. And for real, nobody's going to believe it though. That's the problem. How many do you say we got? We got six. Yeah, we have six. We have three pair for the L.A. Kings game on my birthday and the less remember five. The Panthers and the Kings at the Mc Arena and with parking pass reach a pair. Which will give those a way to later on. Later on. What? I don't know about that. What do you mean by that? Not sure how many parking passes we have. I'll check during break. I thought you just got through tell me before to show that we had parking passes. The parking passes for each game, not for each seat. Are they your part? Part of the game. Part of the game. You get one parking pass for each game. It doesn't mean they're going to be there. No, I get one parking pass because I'm a seasoned ticket holder. What does that have to do with the six free tickets? We got no parking passes came with that. You just said we're giving away free parking pass. Well, that's because that's what you told me. Scott's given this information again. That's my job. Here's the first pull today. We got two of them. We got a pair. We had our 1000s pull ever on a show yesterday. They just gave it a results of 1100 votes. It was, they didn't like it. Because it was too positive. You know, who did this first pull is positive too. They like the second pull better today. First one, who is the most trustworthy politician alive? One of our listeners out there. Facts are whole list of these pulls. I thought this was kind of interesting. I got a short list. But who can add to it? Who is the most trustworthy politician alive? By the way, we're doing screen list today because Scott and Miguel have to pay a lot of attention to each other. They have to sit there and steer each other down. I got George W. Bush and Ted Kennedy. He's not so far. Why didn't want to put all the candidates on there? They had to debate last night. You believe him was a tech and Howard Dean and Wesley Clark and everybody else. And they said, oh, I'm pure as you boy. That's what they said. I thought that was great. I thought it took a lot of balls. Isn't she? Huge. And then he started shaking his stitches and his waving his pace and all the stuff. Flatlin' his collar surround. 1013 at 560 W. K. M. Hey, if you're buying a mattress the old fashioned way, you better cut the crap because you're really a fool. All you're doing is helping those expensive furniture store and bedding store is paper to big overhead. Why do you want to do that? We didn't sit there make one easy call and get you the best deal in the world. Just make the one called a dialometrist and every day 365 days year. They got the best prices waiting on you on the best merchandise in the world. Like, see, sort of tempered. Peeative Simmons King coalesced during the bananas foster. All you do is call 1-800 mattress, MATT-T-R-E-S. No nonsense, no bait and swish. No house brand, no phony promises and best of all. You don't pay a single dime extra for the best service in the world. When you call 1-800 mattress, you still get to pick the day in time for delivery. Like Monday at 2, between 2 and 4. Wednesday between 1 and 3, etc. Any 2 or window 7 days away from 8 in the AM, 12 PM. And they actually believe it or not show up on time. I've been sleeping on a mattress and dialometrist for a coon z8. The dialometrist is a good deal for me. I've been preparing for a while now, and everybody loves it. But low prices, same day delivery, fee set up in a mobile it's easy to see. Like dialometrist is ranked the best in the world in customer satisfaction. So it all gets sucked in by those mattress rooms, furniture store ads. They just can't match which you get from dialometrist every single day. Pick up that phone, make one easy call and be the easiest piece of a transaction you ever make in your life. A piece of transaction call 1-800 mattress. That's 1-800-M-A-T-T-R-E-S or you'll find it online at mattress.com. This is the one that's the most expensive, which we don't buy since the year of the 2 AM. Baby, come play with these cities. Hello, I'm Barbara Billings, the late of the Florida Marlins. I just thought you might want to know we have season tickets still on sale for 110 bucks. Why that's less than five cents for an exciting game of football? Err, he would well buy me these wouldn't you? We got some players with cool names this season, like these are Sanchez, Joe Pence, the Blau Bad Penny, Ricky Bones, brother, Don Cornelius, and sister Rose, Ryan Dumpster, Don Nots, and Nelson B. Helper. If you show up well, I guess I will too, because if you do then I gotta get up. How's time to change, baby? Just a couple of short months ago. There were 15 people in that town, or we didn't want to know Marlins tickets, right? And now the big thing today on QAM, oh, all day today, if you hear this sound, that means you're gonna chance to get a few Marlins tickets, except for us I've noticed. Does anybody said work in any Marlins tickets the other way? No, I haven't heard nothing about it. Maybe Clarence and Duffer are in their 2 busy playing Dingo school for eldest morning, didn't have time to give us the exciting news that we're giving away a whole bunch of Marlins, come game tickets for this weekend. Am I wrong? No, that's right. Everybody else on a radio station, all the sports shows are giving away tickets. What do we got? We got Squat. We got our Panther King tickets with nobody really wants. Yeah, they did. Why here? Why? Yeah, they do. It's free. John McCain, that's a good name for list. Thank you, Boca Bob. John McCain. Also, how could I have left out? They're all liars, huh? To give everybody now. It'll be a short list. Who's the most trustworthy politician live? George W. Bois, Ted Kennedy, John McCain, or they're all liars. Nobody else might have put in there. Don't put no jewelry remain. Okay. We were the trust in as far as we could throw his titses. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. WQAM. Hey there. Yes sir. Bob he Graham. Bob Graham is good. Even though he did drop out, but the one and doubt he had a drop out. Thank you sir. We love Bobby Graham. No way. Hey, it's a good guy. Never stole a freight train. It's family. Maybe, who the hell knows how they got all that money? 560, let's put the obvious ones on our Howard Dean, right? Sure. Howard Dean, we're not going to put Wesley Clark on there unless somebody's suggested because last then he got roasted a little bit and deservedly so because he's a flip flopper. And for him sitting there saying that he's not, I saw the clip this morning. He's not going to attack his democratic colleagues. You know, this guy's then Democrat for how many hours? I'm 30 minutes. All of a sudden he's a Democrat. And I know a lot of you people out there on the bad way. Oh, we love that Wesley. He's our man. Because people are phony. They're full of crap. They don't really look beneath the surface. I am going to play a clip from that PBS show last night, which luckily I recorded before it started with it all at the noise on there. I think it was sabotage. I think rum sold was like farting into the audio on PBS or maybe it was kind of leased. It's not like one of hers. WQAM. Yeah, Neil. I'll call you cannon. Paul, you cannon. Yeah. How about Paul? How about Paul Bunyan? What do you say? Yeah. Nobody, he trapped down in cherry tree. Everybody blamed that George Washington. It was Paul Bunyan done it with that long beard. Five, six, seven. I realized there aren't too many choices for this, but that's okay. And I noticed that we're not adding those other two or three. Hey, Eric will get around to what he's under a lot of pressure this morning. He's busy trying to find the pictures for them books I had and put on there. WQAM. Hello. Hi. Is this Miguel? Yes. Miguel. I think Neil's an enemy. This is slow, but can you ask him about Kassinich? Because Kassinich is the only one that didn't give up. What was he mad at you about? I don't know. I'm just an egg. I guess I call him too much in Buggham. A hug? I just bug him. I bug him in Buggham and he was mine. He bugged the bag. He doesn't want to hear me anymore, but you're right. But we will put those pieces down on it. She said she's a hag who wants to nag the bag is what she said. Dennis, good son. It's got a little Dennis on there. Who's there to handle this now? Are we communicating these? Are we emailing the Eric or what? I'm going to be back soon to them. Dennis, who? Christ, almighty, I forgot his name doesn't end in Z. Anybody whose name doesn't end in Z like Gomez Gonzalez or Aradarigas, Miguel doesn't know. Of course Miguel Escobar, whose family's having to drugs. W't be QAM. You think there's any addresses? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, they never worst out of you. They go, no, plans, not now. And there's that Chadie., they did them, that's not jobs, and more than 10 of them, I won't do them and they just let them break their tie. And they ask how those, like, Ariel, they hear from the blame, Forget about numbers. Forget about ego. Just take the freaking money and run to the bank. That's all. A lot of drugs, a lot of booze, a lot of ash, and that's it. That's right. He can't say it. WDQA, hello. WDQA, hello. Yes, sir. You want to talk to Neil? Speaking. Neil, how about Rudy Giuliani? Rudy Giuliani, you never stole a freight train. Yeah, you see. I mean, if you were to run for president, I would get guaranteed you would win. He's going to win. I think you're right. Okay, pal. All right, Messex. If that guy lived in New York, pre 911, he was the most reviled and hated man. I understand that he closed on personal. He closed on Times Square all a porno. And he has all of them. Camder ivers and then he has to love a street vendors. And he tried to turn it like Disney land nor Disney world north. Is what he tried to do. He's very dictatorial. He's really a refiled by many New Yorkers, but nevertheless, he got all of that nice spin from 911. He's one of the few people who benefited anything from it. And everybody think, oh Rudy Giuliani, there's a guy because he was there. You know, because he showed his post all the time. He was running around. He was here. He was there. He was all over the place holding people's hands. And they said, oh, here's a wonderful guy. He put your right. He put gotty behind bars too. And he put John Gani away too. How's gotty doing anybody seen him lately? Oh, I got to watch that movie. Is it any good? I got the DVD. The one with our mind, I sound to. I don't know the one called Gotty. That's the name of the movie. Okay. Mr. Puts. Mr. Hawkey Mavin. I guess why am I going to? How come you're faxing me these? This is interesting. Here's my pool. Oh, I press the wrong button. Bye. No, this is good because you're filling in for George and I rule him. And this is excellent because you do the same thing. He does all of the things. I don't feel like I'm sending my own pool to me. Okay. I already got my own pool. They ain't much, but it's what I got. Oh, that's the damn Yankees. One again. Let's not totally the red socks are going down. Did I tend to let Scott? Oh, I bet you. Red socks are going down. They're going down. You're going down, guys. You're going down. You're choking your gagging. We're glad because it's John Henry. We can't stand John Henry. Who do we despise more? John Henry or Wayne Hypinga? That's a tough one. John Henry. No, I think Wayne Hypinga because Wayne is the one who devolved the team. And of course we hate Wayne for other reasons. I'm not sure we know. V. He changed the complexion of the community. I think that's part of it because he's a parkmarked self-aggrandizing lying sack of crap. We hate you Wayne. It'll be called on the station anymore. Okay. And suck and mosaiced. That's another reason that we hate him is because he sucked mosaiced this. Why? I didn't local. You're sports video. 560. He hates my body. Now when you can mark it down, if Grower County would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility, I will not play here. Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying, Here's the guy that said one thing and went out and did something else. Here's what, here's the guy that said one thing is a liar. He's a freaking liar. You're a liar Wayne. We despise Wayne almost as much as the moment of the movie. You're a real dopey, tomorrow's world around. We thought he was the greatest. Until we know that truth, I'm a thunder and I wanna lose not the way. God be manned in crazy. Speaking for children, the sun. He started ranting movies. Section 4, no way he had done. We didn't plan to kill him. He's gonna break down the place. Now I'm just in my water. Who stopped the way? I heard me rock your face. I wait to walk in the water. I'll wait to see the better. Who waited like the dawn. It's a hundred and a thousand times. But I keep my own no fear. The water's in our water. Who stopped the way? I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. I'm just in my way. Don't you? He never stole a freight train. Of course God hasn't got any idea of Bob Graham is. And he's there to anybody else, which is the reason that he dropped out. When a daddy dropped out couldn't raise any money. Well, that was Jimmy Buffett's fault. Was it? Why he pulled out of the concert? Did he take away his cheaper grand paradise? Yeah. Oh, and speaking of cheaper grand paradise, Miguel wants the George Denos since we're picking on George because he can't fight back. He's not there today. He's really porked off of him about all that bell-south business and the fact that there's no matter is that if we're for Bell-south in those vans hits that we have sponsored by Bell-south, we wouldn't have Zippity doodah for a band-in-pair rescue because they're the ones who are making those possible because they're already pre-arranged. Am I right? That is correct. Well, there he goes. See, I'm trying to repent a little bit. Repent. Okay. No, let's hear it. I'll get bent. The bottom line is once again, I'm going to say this very infatibly, that WQM, I want the whole audience to understand this. They do nothing for our fund raises. So, D, we had the Attair Station in Favb, Phil Henry had his own disco, brick and suds had their own CD, a Randy had a video tape. Everybody was involved in it. It was like a station thing to raise money for whatever charity it was with always a good cause. But a QAM because the charity is not their middle name and spite of the fact that some of the people on the station talk a good game. That's a good one. Oh, it's for charity. It's very important. That asshole, which I noticed is key chains are going over like Hall of Authent North Pole, but nevertheless, how are his key chains gone? We're almost out of the mad dog key chains. No, no, I'm not asking about the mad dog. When Ode mad dog is wildly popular, the most popular person on the planet. Why would I ask about the Mohour David of Key Change? Huh? There's something like Hawkeck keep better. Get him one of these laughs. No, seriously, how are they going? No, play games with me. I'm getting sorely now. How are they going? They're going little by little. The if he's there more parts of it. They're going real slow as what you try to say. We did a known who to hell wants Mohour. Who now wants to do it with him? And as much as I despise the man and every ear he's selling his body, I will say we appreciate the fact that he at least cooperated and has plugged this a little bit. Although we really didn't need his permission to put his voice on his thing. Because his weapons are all stuff part of this show. We need his permission. We did that just to keep Duffin's job is the only reason. Yeah, because Duffin's Roj, it's my ass on the line. If we don't ask his permit, my ass. Yeah, you're such a pansy man. Duff you're such a pussy. God, it's embarrassing. Hey Greg, it's a fight friend. Oh, he's got a lot of privacy today. So let's not take on poor muffin clearance. Okay? They've got a lot of damage controller these days. They're running around. Pup pup. I'm a little bit like that. What was I just saying? What do you think? Oh, about a band in Paris, you, in effect at the radio station, is absolutely nothing. Absolutely. Absolutely. Nothing. To help us out. So Michael has to be, you know, to the best he can on these other appearances these these vans hits we have nothing specifically for us and that's just the way it is in addition to which other than how come I phone is ring it's probably some asshole on the station other than uh... duff who give us that nice fact check that 250 bucks who else anybody inside ability to give us a dime yet for a man and per rescue huh oh seriously anybody else inside the building this year i realize it's only the october the uh... ten whatever it is anybody else there can treat us single sent to a band of per rescue this time i'm sure the way for you to get here to henna to you in person to to hand it to me out bed i like i'll hand them something big pile and that's it's just frost my ass a little bit because this year the charities are having a bit of a time try to raise any money and uh... what can i tell you who the hell was that on my phone just now see i would say whistle to my George does but i can do that w q a m hello w q a m hello yes me a uh... jim jepard jim jepard's the uh... the from a month that uh... became independent of pen a year but i mean how much you know about jim jepard's well anybody that would do that and go against uh... the evil empire then uh... i would that's of the point you have a stole a freight train you right plus the property probably it's been in jerry's do okay thanks jim jepard j a ff o r d s got it but nineteen there all i are sixteen kin of the thirty the fact that George w bush has got nineteen morons out there who say if he's the most trustworthy politician life i think i think it's time for mass suicide what i'm thinking right now body Graham seven john the kain three Rudy Giuliani two Dennis cassinich one nice fellow and their boys rounator one Howard Dean one pat a pop aXe ol empty uh... you pas computer week channel Why? Could you come in here? No. I need you to take a letter. What do I look like in mail name? I need you to take some dictation. You gotta fill me mouth on you. She's busy, she's busy, she's busy, you're busy. In a bad mood, everything's a father, she's just plain old rude, anything is better off. And they too are, for all, every office has lunches bad attitude girl. Cindy, Cindy are you out there? Not exactly you are. Could you come in here please, I need some help. Can't do it, gotta go in lunch. Lunch, what are you talking about? It's 10 30 in a morning. Yeah, but I decide to leave it to him today. So this is my lunch time, clear. What time you gonna be back? Cindy, Cindy. 10 45, she must know that brother called it earlier that said I hit her leg poison, must be the same one. Uh, now fat, fat, uh, bitch is, uh, friend there. His former neighbor Dave Friedman. He fasted something, it was pretty infusing, but I never saw it this story. She had a call a high boy fat bitch because I almost called him something else that was like a double F. Canada Supreme Court refused yesterday left conservative religious and family groups of Peela Court ruling that legalized same-sex mergenon terio and a unanimous decision, the five-dead Supreme Court panel said the groups cannot appeal the Ontario Courts ruling that the traditional definition of marriage between a man and one was unconstitutional. The association for marriage and family in the Ontario and the Interfaith Coalition of Mergen family, a bunch of Barbissa and a goham filed for the appeal after Canada's federal government refused to do so. Instead, the government has drafted all the changes that definition of marriage to a between two people, gotty, gotty, gotty. Where'd it how they get this from? Where'd you get this from, fat, the bitch is a neighbor? High boy? Jimmy Carter, somebody says, why don't I not? He was boring, he was depressing. He was a weak, weak need. He freed Miguel's parents. He freed Miguel's parents, that's absolutely correct. Very good. Oh, my God, life's Jimmy Carter. That's the only Democrat that Miguel likes is Jimmy Carter. My parents were here long before that. They didn't come over in a Mary, I'll vote for it a bunch of guns. No, I'll be damned. Oh, by the way, sit my ass, some people are concerned about that phoned ringing before, for it's like something really important like Norma Kent. It was just the a concierge downstairs, my drug just arrived. You could drug off. My ass he caught in from Russia, packaged just arrived. And I said, what? Then I realized I was talking to recording anyway. 26, say, other all liars, who's the most trustworthy politician to lie, 26 to raw liars, 24 George W. Bush, which is really most amusing. Especially this clip I'm going to play from PBS a minute. 10 Kennedy 13 Bob Graham 13, Bobbies move it up there. What a shame John McCain five Dennis Cassinat's five Rudy Giuliani's got three. And Howard Dean's got only two, that's interesting, Rob Nader two. Jim Jeffords nun and Paul Buchanan don't have any. I don't 99 votes, that's somebody vote for Paul Buchanan even though there ain't no such person. I should play the clip from a last night from frontline because I recorded it before it's there with it. And I also, you know, this we haven't had anybody else called to say that they watched it. Much less had any audio problems prior to the war. The administration was reading intelligence that was often vague. Sometimes contradictory, rarely definitive. The market need to know I'll be making up my mind based upon the latest intelligence. Unlike the intelligence though, the message the administration rolled out in the fall of 2002 was sharp and clear. There is no doubt that Saddam Hussein now has weapons of mass destruction. There is no doubt that he is a man. What was missing from all the speeches and television appearances, where the caveats and contrary evidence from their own intelligence agencies. A rocky regime could launch a biological or chemical attack in as little as 45 minutes. In a classified report circulated within the administration in late September 2002. The defense intelligence agencies stated that there was no reliable information on whether Iraq is producing or stockpiling chemical weapons. But we don't want this talking gun to be a mushroom cloud. At the same time, the Pentagon's special intelligence office was coming up short of proving Saddam had current and active links to Al-Qaeda. As you watched this growing divergence between what was being said by policymakers and what you knew was the intelligence. What conclusions were you drawing? Well, it concludes in the oldenly came to it was that this was a matter of, as I called it, faith-based intelligence. They were cherry picking the information that we provided to use whatever pieces of it that fit their overall interpretation. And worse than that, they were dropping qualifiers and distorting some of the information we provided to make it seem more alarmist and more dangerous than the information we were getting. The fall campaign would culminate with a speech by President Bush on October 7th in Cincinnati. If the president appears new, then anybody don't forget that due to the information that the President 43 times slower would answer trigly, and whether it was a secret claim or a question or a word or a complaint. If we're The Secretary mentioned in the President's speech, came to the administration's attention via Ahmed Chalavi. Chalavi was also making claims about Saddam and Al-Qaeda. We've learned that Iraq is trained al-Qaeda members in bond making. Poisons deadly gasses. We talked to Chalavi at Ion C. headquarters in Baghdad. You had argued for a long time that they were tightly connected with Al-Qaeda. As far back as 98, I remember meeting with you and you told me it's there were lots of connections. Yes, there were. While those have not quite contaminated, we have very strong leads on that thing. We have very strong evidence that they have. You have strong evidence that there's links between Al-Qaeda to see the point is that Al-Qaeda. US, US, where are these, where is the evidence, though? In US hands. We gave the names of the people that were visits of Al-Qaeda here. And there was money that changed hands. Do you have any documentary evidence of any kind? Yes, that is such a document. And that is a document that you could show us. I've seen it, but I don't have it in my position. They could show it to you. I think. Who could show it to me? Or in intelligence people? You're intelligence people? So after this interview, I don't know if you can do it right now. Well, I think it's very important to make this, this is something you've talked about since 1998, and I think it's a very important point. It's one of the points that drew America to this war. Yes, right? So it's very important to establish the truth of it. Yes? So if there is such a document, it makes sense for you to share it. I'm not saying, no, no. I'm saying that I can't, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not getting a feeling that I'm going to see the document. Well, you are erroneous. OK, great. I hope to see it. Well, let's hope to show it to you. The document was supposed to demonstrate money changing hands between Saddam Hussein's government and Al Qaeda. After repeated requests, front line has still not seen the document. What a shock, huh? You don't think because there is no such document, do you? Yeah. I was so into you. How do you like that? He's going to show it to him, but it wasn't a document. He just whipped it right up. By the way, dispatch you sent me from James. Don't send me any more faches from James or Jerry or whatever of the name. This is the little squeakly writing used to be Jerry now. He's James. The one used to write squiggly and we always just know the facts. So right away, today he's in there because he realizes that it's a George ain't there who would have intercepted this immediately. No one was. OK, just another shot. And by the way, James, Jerry, Eddie, Tommy, whatever it had your name is. Thanks for listening. We're literally just the everyday that the new arrived to show you. Obsessive little twerp you. God, he's probably got the smallest penis in history. Oh, I'd speak in that thing that I just played the clip from a front line last night. Since we wasted all of that money in time, we're still doing it all of those human lives in Iraq. Al Qaeda may be hard at work trying to produce weaponized anthrax and other biological weapons. An exclusive report CBS News correspondent Mark Phillips recounts a details US interrogators have extracted from a top Al Qaeda operative. The new worry comes from the man accused of master mining last year's terrorist bombing in Valley that killed more than 200 people in last summer's Jakarta Hotel blasts that left another 12 people dead. Redan Osmuden, better known simply as Hambali, has been the hands of US intelligence since his arrest in Thailand last August and he's been singing it says. Sing and in the rain. According to interrogation reports seen by CBS News, Hambali was implementing plans to cause far more deaths using biological weapons. Most likely it says here. Most likely although we are completely positive. Hambali is Al Qaeda's main connection to Far East was apparently trying to open an Al Qaeda by weapons branch plant. According to the information, maybe he could have gotten the bare people to help mob. According to the interrogation documents, Hambali told US interrogators he'd been working on an Al Qaeda anthrax program in Kanda Harap, Afghanistan, and Anakos. So there you are while we're worried about Iraq, which has nothing to do with any of this. Al Qaeda just continues to regenerate itself and to do an Al Qaeda threats in the shaking and spear. It's Albert Speard. I just mentioned these things in passing in case anybody cares you think. No. They want free Marlon tickets. They want some Marlon tickets. Maybe some path to tickets all the way down it. Who is the most trustworthy politician to live? We ask there are all layers 37. It's passing everybody like they're standing still. George W. still stuck there on 24 votes out of 120. Bobby Graham 16 moving right up on a president's ass. Ted Kennedy 13 John McCain 10 Howard Dean 6 Benus Cassinant's 5. Rudy Giuliani 5 Ralph Nader 3 Jim Jeffords 1 and 4 Pobb you can't even have any yet. Why not? Go underway. That our front line apparently is going to be repeated at 2 a.m. tonight. Good. I'll tape it because I'd like to be able to watch the whole thing and hopefully without that I'll add the sound interference on it. Whatever that was last night. How about you somebody else out there saw it? WQA M. Hello. QAM. Speaking. Yeah. I'm on John Kerry. Who? John Kerry. John Kerry. How to set out of mind. He's kind of scary John Kerry. He's scary boy. He's looking pretty bad. We got him down man. He trusts John Kerry. Do I trust him? No. He's all over the place. He voted for the award resolution and now he's against this and he's again. He's all over the place. He's a waffler. Looks like his face was pressed with a waffle iron on it. They're well put him on there. John Kerry. Drew Kerry. Or maybe we'll put Drew Kerry on there. Or Harry Kerry. Or Mary Kerry from California. You had a big pair. Anyways, you've got as many votes as she had. Hoops. Two. Kerry Grant. Yes. Or Kerry Grant. I guess Scott does a lot of good anymore Panther games doesn't know. Because if he did he probably shut up real quick. 1056 and 560 QAM. And climb. And look. This is portrayal by city. Way, way, way. Yeah. I've got to find it. What a, what a, what a, what a, you're one. You're one. Wow. Yeah. We're not. We're not. We're not. We're not. We're not. She's ready. They weigh the four half you cannon. Now the KKK have good days because of you cannon. Yeah. If you are yellow or purple or got for this round. You'll be like mussely. The hanging upside down. How can rock and roll your guns? We'll have to power. But if you want to kill those lights. Stepping to the shower. And that's going to be the castle. You're right. So slipping away. Oh, right. Aren't you glad that you voted for a pack today? Yeah. You can't say that asshole. But starting to look pretty moderate and pretty good compared to what we got. Anyway, how's that pull 151 votes? Kind of a mediocre response. It was a stupid question. Who would? But yeah, I appreciate the help. Who's the most trustworthy politician in the lives? They're all Irish 47. Don't we all buy that? Yeah. They're all full of crap. They're all controlled by somebody. They're like puppets on the end of a string. George WD is got 29 votes. Scary. Bobby Graham's got 20. 10 Kennedy 14. John McCain 11 Howard Dean 7. Dennis Cousin is six. Rudy Giuliani 6. Ralph Nader 4 Jimmy Carter's got three Miguel. Can't we get a guarantee coming to this country. Paul Buchanan's got a pair and Jim Jeffords is not to. Paul Buchanan's doing pretty well. Not bad. He's got a pair. Let's see. Oh, there. This is great. It says the only trustworthy politician I know of is a dead one says Mike. Nice. Go on Mike. You are. Absolutely correct. That's why we did put a line. And the opponent is a long life. I hope that I'll show up. That's why we did put a live in the opponent. Oh, look at this. This is a long life. I hope that I'll show up. This isn't from that build guy. Can't be. It doesn't look like the same effects the same format. For the few of you who still holds some faith. I mean, let me assure you of the following. Well, what is this crap? Why do you why you facting me this Miguel? Just kidding. I'm going to have a good. God's extra commandments. Oh, stop placing our facts paper in Palm Beach. You jackass you idiot. Let's get to something important like this. We've been on one hour already. Has anybody called in and said they saw front line last night? Oh, didn't anybody are commented about what they had audio problems on pvn? Oh, no. WDQAM. What's your passion? It's for WDQAM. Talk about your daddy. WDQAM. Yes, sir. You forgot Bubba. Oh, Bill Clinton, there you go. Yeah. And a bit of radio gossip. Do you know Randy Rhodes and Jim are getting divorced? No, I did not. I couldn't care less. And anyway. Wow, what? Is that Santa what? Well, what was wrong with you, people, man? What is wrong with his town? I see yesterday's cards are spilling over into today. Jesus. Oh, well, that's the same. The same two or three people. Let's spin over every day. You'll catch on. Okay. You're daddy. You're daddy. Oh, I'm pushing. You know, these people started rehab, preventing after all the rush stuff came down. First to come at on ESPN and get in can. And then, of course, the the Oxy cons, the pill pop up stuff. And the rush people are like, coming on gluten out. So they have to, you know, like, unleash their food. I like that. Hey, listen, I just got a big fat one in the bank yesterday. Okay, my paycheck showed up a day early. It's already in the bank. Losers. What was I just starting to say before you got me side track with that crap? Something very, very important. You must have been the state department is protested to tell of Angelus. Parabitsin about his despicable suggestion that someone blew up the department with a nuclear bomb an official said yesterday. There you go. Another good religion is it's the same parabitsin who said that the reason that the they had all those fires in Florida a couple years ago over there in where would it, what was it, and keep can have or and Stuart and where the hell it was, remember? He said it was because of all the fags because of gay they had Disney world and all this other stuff. And God was punishing and that's why all those acres of forest were burning up and Florida. And then of course he was praying that that hurricane or isabel didn't the hit Virginia Beach. Guess what, Pat? Too bad God wasn't listening that day. Who's busy sitting in the morning line on a ballgame. He's at the ballgame. Right, that's right. He was sitting in the morning line for all the people in Vegas. Too bad he wasn't there for a good friend. Roy! I got a great article on it from Steve when we'll get to it. Robertson, a former presidential candidate made the remark in the interview with Jill Mulberry author of a new book called Dangerous Diplomacy how the State Department in Dangerous America Security. State Department spokesman Richard Boucher asked to comment at city yesterday. I lack sufficient capabilities to express my disdain. I think the very idea is despicable. The Department has made its views clear to Robertson as the State Department official was not to be named. Introducing Mulberry on his Christian Broadcasting Network Robertson said that a person who read Mulberry's book would reach the conclusion that a nuclear explosion at the State Department was the best solution. This is a man of the cloth. This is a good, another one of them good religionists. Boy! One of them forbison a golem. I read your book when you got through a Yoselia yourself if I could just get a nuclear device inside foggy bottom of the State Department's main building. I think that's the answer and you say we've got to blow that thing up. I mean is it as bad as you say he said it is Mulberry replied. Mulberry himself did not make the suggestion either in his book or in the interview. It was Pat Robertson the anxious obnoxious disgusting and hateful of homophobic Pat Robertson making all this crap. Let's blow up the State Department because they're not with us. They're not part of the right wing cabal of lunatics. Unbelievable. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We'll find somebody on here that saw a nightline. Whatever it is. Front line nightline. We'll find one. W to Q, I am. J. W to Q, I am. Hello. Q, I am. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Speaking. I know. Yeah. Oh. I guess you want better radio than or better call is why should you better radio. Yeah, why did you blow it out your ass? Because that's that question. Yeah. Is that the, is that the, you've got a written down on a card? No, but I'm just saying. The same call that you make to every show on a radio station. You shmuck the same thing. You've got a written down on a tube of who wrote it out for you. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're boyfriend right at out for you. Why don't you do better radio? 560, 560, 560. As they again, just like yesterday, you're right. Scott, it's like a picking up where we left off. Just extending their, like that. It's beautiful day here. By the way, it's going to be 73 signing out of cloud in the sky. Nice. Everybody here is real pleasant. Real happy, you know. Real pleasant and a really good mood. And I am. That check is in the bank baby. Oh, big fat one, including my October first raised by the way for people like this last puts. Same exact verbatim for made him come up with something new like, Yeah, my my. You know something more interesting. That would be better radio too. W, W, M. W, W, M. Hello. W, W, M. W, L, M. W, W, M. Hey, you. Yes, sir. Yeah, I missed the front line last night. It's a good show. What a little bit of all that. Yeah, huh. W, W, M, hello. You know, I guess I'm on the empty lip. Yeah. Mark Holy. Mark Holy. Is the most trustworthy queen alive? W, W, M, hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm waiting for you. Are these people boring or one? Yes, sir. Yeah, I see front line last night. Did you see the document? Are you going to show us the document? Yeah. You never seen no documents. That's what I just got through plain only like five minutes ago, right? Yeah, that was pretty incredible. Did you have any audio problems in the telecast? Did you do the audio cutting out? Yeah, cutting it out. Really? Yeah, it was cutting it out. I was watching on 13 down here. But the thing was, if you watched that and you were for this war, you have major issues. Yeah, absolutely. Okay, well, so they're verified. It wasn't just on the Buffalo affiliate WDD. It was like on a whole telecast. It's looks like that. Like every 15 seconds starting at about 9.35 and 10 o'clock. It just got so bad. I just shut it off. I should have made candid. Doesn't make you suspicious at all, does it? The fact that they were ripping the administration and on masking all of their lies and all of this Bullcraft that we got people dying over there including two more American kids last night. And the audio kept cut in and out. That's what they've been given us. It's quite good. Yeah. You know, sure. Another one of those strange coincidences. Who's the most trustworthy politician alive? They're all liar, 60. George W.36. Sure. Bob Graham 22, Ted Kennedy 15, John McCain 15, Jimmy Carter 9, Howard Dean, Rudy Giuliani, Ralph Nathan 7 of piece. Dennis Cassinu six, everybody else mighty tiny potatoes. WQAM. WQAM. Hello. Hey, hey guys. Pretty good. Good. Good. How many of you burned? Oh, nail, how you doing? Okay. Good. Hey, guys. They're not on the show. How old are you? I don't know. I don't want to get any more. I still put my last dime on. Yeah. I don't want to interest you. I'd be precious here because there's so much information in that if people just don't want to even know about. No. Of course not. I'll visit watching Bull games last night. I've got a Joe Minionette, but it's the same thing that the one guy can't remember the guy named the two Iranian guys, the one with the glasses, the other guy. The Americans were trying to force them onto their actives and they didn't want any part of him. But they didn't get bringing them back, come back and obviously he's the patch. He's the sack that this administration decided they want in there and their actives don't want to part of him at all. Just typical of these guys. And you also noticed the audio was having a problem or was it just the car. Well, but I got on the dish that wasn't the one that was in the fair and that's on me. No, it was in the telecast something happened in the audio. The whole program starting about half our end would end. It just boggles my mind. Eagle, Eagle, Eagle, Eagle, Eagle, Eagle, Eagle, Eagle. Yeah, you guys the evil, the words we're doing. Okay, have a great day, pal. See you in Baghdad. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I'm going to be people in the south 40 thing watch that show. How many people in the US watched PBS? I'm third man. I think that's probably an exaggeration. There's many watching humans. I'm going to be see right now though. I'm going to be your part. Where's she's talking about Kiva? So I'm sure there's a lot of us watching in the same B.C. right now. Pays the workers. A pittance. Yeah, you're pittance over here, asshole. There's your hero. There's W man. Somebody's in the Calcant where they too. Yeah, no one would do anymore. Permanent's past 11 at 5, 60 W QA. Everybody in the world seems to be on a low carb dot these days. It's in. There's the Atkins diet, restaurant piece. There's the South Beach diet, sugar buses. There's that smelly bitch Suzanne summers that ripped off poor doctor Bob after he had that slip and fall. Anyway, the one thing they all haven't commented is to try to get you to have the best tasting low as carb, sugar free foods and keep you losing that weight like crazy. Well, here's the story of an love. One visit to the lights of us book and you're searchl the over because they've got over a thousand low carb products and stock for you to pop in your push and anything a story can try before you buy it to don't forget that. All the Atkins products they're on sale all day every day. They've got bagels, breads, cheesecakes, muffins, brownies, chocolates, pasta, sauces, chips and dips, soups, catchups, carbohydrates, ice cream and lots more. Champion like drinks and five delicious flavors, walnut brownies by control car, apple cinnamon granola by carpsense and crunchy pretzels by carpsense. Don't give one to the president. And until I see you can sample like I said everything in the story before you buy it through open seven days week from 10 to 10 and you'll find the lights on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston market. Call them toll free at 1-877 low carb that's L-O-W-C-A-R-V or on the web you'll find a bit low carb.com. Don't forget the lights of West Booker. This is your official Atkins retail center. 5-Eleven Low Call, this is 5-60. 3-Eleven Low Call, this is 5-60. I'm not going to do the E-O-L-2. I drop my wainer. Okay, because I want to look at that pull 231 votes, who's the most trustworthy politician to live. They're all liars 81. George W. Bush 38, 38, 16.4%. Okay, does that tell you everything you need to know? No. 5-Gram 23 John McCain, 17, 10, 10 of these 16, Jimmy Carter 15, Howard Dean 10, everybody else single digits small potatoes. What does that tell ya? If he was on a right now instead of talking to those cube of crap, which we got on the shirt, listen to. If he was on a right now saying, hey guess what, we lied. We want to come clean, we lied about the war. We had this plan years before even the election of 2000 that we stole. And Yadiyadiyadiyadiyadiyadiy and all these kids of it are dying like crazy for no reason at all. We're going to bring them all home and people say, oh yeah, we believe you. Okay. No time and can stand forever against the power of liberty. That's for dance, you're that's why you're out next year, fashes. That's why you're OUT, baby. I'm a good friend. I said so far, that's not true. Just that far, I, the frontline according to a couple of facts is the audio was okay. What's fine? Was it really? Then on the reviews, people are just making that up just to pass it by me or who the hell knows what? Another damn mystery is another dilemma. It was just, my shirt was not okay because it was like that. It's not like the QA in a signal. It was so bad. And that's the QA in a lot. How are you doing? Okay. Can I talk to Neil? Speaking. Neil, I just want to call about all these people calling it winners. You think this war is a great thing. There was a country over in Europe where they elected a leader and they put people in Constitration camps and if you could talk out against the country, you weren't for the father land. And it was on patriotic to speak out against it. When does that become acceptable in this country? I'd say probably in the 2000 right there at the SN when they stole the election. Yep. And as long as two American's die every day over in another country, in our attention spans 20 seconds. And we have to have a commercial in between it. Nobody could decide for this. That's right. I guarantee that there's more people worried right now about Kobe Bryant and whether he raped that brother not than they were about these kids that are dying over there for no reason every day. Based on a lie. Right. Four. Go. Man. Call. So what it should happen. Let it happen. Exactly. He said so what if she met happens? I'm sure that one of you probably also did the thing. No. No. See, I have the feeling like today I'm like, just sitting here all alone. Even though you're both there with all do we respect. I have the feeling that I'm like flying solo. Why did you wait? Hold on. Why did you wait for me often? I think you're part of me. He weighed me up. He's like, don't press it. Who did? George told me not to hit the dump button. 560560 on the AT&T. Especially with everything that's going on right now. And you're in something like that comes through there. And you don't know to hit it just in case this one. Because nobody will still tell me what this one is like 100%. Fauderant saying kind of like a condom. It works 90% of the time. Got it. When it's out, if something like that blurt's out, dump it out. Okay. That forget about George. Okay. George is small potatoes. He's not even there today. Don't be defending little George. He's full of it. All right. He's just like a clinging on his George. He's got those naked pictures of him. And he don't have any goddamn hockey tickets for either. Okay. Just keep that in mind. Scoop it. You're right. Right. WBQA and hello. Why are you psyched? WQA and hello. Get out. Yeah. Are you psyched? Yeah. I'm fudge-packing right now. WQA and hello. Yeah. I thought they'd lie last night. They were talking about our schloimy. There's only thing to get me directions to schloimy. Hey. Hey. Hey. I'll be damned. Must have been WDD in Buffalo. Maybe it was a West and Upstate New Yorker sabotage. It's that fabulous WTVT. Can I do it? Yeah. Yeah. Can I do it too? Clear is about. Thank goodness. The worst part of it was I turned it on at night at clock instead of 10. And saw an hour of a little bit tailor. That was horrifying. And it came on a 10 o'clock there last night. It started nine o'clock here. Yeah. Well, man. We had war crimes or one thing but live. I'm not. That's a much bigger crime. You're right. Okay. Thanks for the good news. 560560 pound 560 on the ATD. Let's change the pool to the other one. Which I think this was a bad pool. I should stop taking the audiences suggestion. For example, I've got a really good one for Monday already. But I'll save it. Here's the main pool that we're going to get to now because the first one, well, it was a week. It was lame. Who's the most trustworthy politician alive at itself as a joke? There are all layers 91 George W. 38 Bobby Graham 25 Jimmy Carter 19 John McCain 18 like his French fries. Ted Kennedy 16 Howard Dean 11 Rudy Giuliani had 10 and everybody else single digits. Although public can had a fair. Here's the other pool, Eric. Which of these people and of course will need some more names for it? Which of these people do you most strongly believe that's the key? Most strongly not a list of the 14 not a whole bunch of people. Which do you most strongly believe is successful or has a job because of their skin color? I think it's a magnificent pool question. My first choice on here is condolisa. And then I have myrium elephant. I added clearance Thomas on there. Clarence token Thomas. Which Eric does never want it. And then you can add to it. And we'll change the pool. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Well, we got sports up the ass this weekend man. We have games that have been invented yet. Mad dog at two to operate four including the day of one stage. Show five to six to get another girl's team this weekend. The more the dolphins Jacksonville Jaguars. What kind of a schedule they got anywhere like a 10th place schedule? I don't like that. Jesus. Play off edition of Marlins on deck with Len Casper and Tommy Hutton at 7 o'clock. 745 it's the real pregame. Show the real thing the MS Marlins on deck. 818. Marlins and it comes Game 3 from PB Park right up the street there. Eddie K. follows the baseball game ESPN radio overnight. That's the shed. And then they are of course we got. We got really games where fudge pack and would ball games tomorrow man. The games where jamming him in there. Got the hurricanes and the Seminole. Wouldn't that be a shame if the hurricanes lost that game? Oh man that would be bad. We got that in noon we got. Oh I can't this schedule is blinding there's so much on her scratch stop and crossed out and Marked up and it said or got the fourth game at the NCA and the LS and that whatever it is. And you got the Panther game on waxy 790 all of these things tomorrow. On your sports intensive we don't give a flying crab about anything else at a world station QAM. But we do care about other things, but we can't talk about. WQAM Hello. Yes. Yes. When sick and fluick, it's been fighting. They've been fried, got bitten by your ass, by your ass, by your ass. WQAM Hello. Yeah, I don't. Okay. Listen, the, uh, that's those line politicians will take you off. The true believers really take me off. Peggy Newton and Colter Sean Hannity. Like I said, lift the most people. No, I don't. I don't want to get mad. And I don't listen to them. Okay. Have some, some sense of self preservation. Some sense of using my time more wisely than listening to a bunch of right wing assholes about the same crap. It's like, well, you know, I listen to Rush to see what the other side is saying. Right. Right. To see what it sounds like when he's popping a moxy-compt. Hey Rush, I'll talk a little louder for you. Okay. You know what's happening? All like, uh, dummy-up real quick. We haven't heard another word about any of that. It just went away. It just kind of like disappear. Like, oh, well, we never heard that. Did we? You could put a nap on the pole, right? We could pull what? Mignab on the pole. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Okay. That's that's cute. Donovan McNam. That's cute. For all the Rush's out there. Donovan McNam. Not only would he not be touted so highly, but he wouldn't even have a job. The foreign's been attracted. He was a darkie. That's what Rush would tell you. Hey, popping out of the lung rush, guys. It. See, I think the definitive part of that whole thing was the story. Thanks to my scouring, even the Palm Beach post. That story they had about the fact that a lot of these drugs. That are highly addictive cause hearing loss. Hearing loss. What a coincidence. What? I'm looking for where I stuck there. I got to over here somewhere. Where's the other? That's clear. Up on my butt. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. But of course, you'll never be able to tell that to the disciples. It's like the bush people. It's like human. It's the same thing. No matter what if he came under right now and said, hey, I'm a freaking liar. And everything that we're doing is bogus. And it was all pre-planed behind closed doors. And Richard Pearl and Wolf Witz, they're the anti-Christ. That's what you say. You say, all right. W, all right. Let's go. The hell was today. And you know, be marching down. Of course he ain't going down there. He's not doing nothing. In spite of Ilyana Ross Rossana Dan. He's still ain't doing it. Do it. Do you want to come up here and have on a plane fly right to a van? And no problem at all. Well, under three hours. W, Q, A, and hello. Have you feel? Yes, sir. Yeah, hi. How are you today, sir? Good. I tuned in a little bit late. George R. is the weather something to there? Yeah. Uh, well, I'll be feel better. I just heard about you in this poll. I'm not sure what color this guy is. But Brian Gumble. Brian Gumble is a magnificent choice. He hasn't had enough telling. You know what else? I'm going to put his brother on there too, because he's even less talented. Greg Gumble, who's the CBS lead announcer for the NFL. If that's the best they can do, they should give it back to the peacock and let them do the games. Greg, I think they could do better. Exactly. I like that. I love it. And you too, thank you. Brian and Greg Gumble, the two Gumble's man. You can't complain about their telecos generally speaking. You know how that goes. OK, the final telly on there, they're all liars 101, 37% of this cynical audience is their all-eyes and of course we know. Absolutely correct. I'm not a real man. We're sports radio, 5-6. You a-m. Well, oh. These rude. These rude. These then-best-y-scaped media in the world of her. Andrew, guys. And that, who wrote a spice girl, he's got his own movie. Yes. Will come and watch what's in my mouth for what? Yeah, film it, film it more, you're a- You're an all-erol. Yes. Please, won't he? Please, the mech, um. You're fine. You're spoil for the English sw- Oh! That's world is bad. It's a very big attack. This spice girl's was fucking my- Watch spice lick my fucking babies spice lick that's hip. I dropped my fucking blue off of a lip. No, don't miss dice work. This is very spice. I- there you go. Andrew, dice play in dice work. Tell me what you want with a month of fucking watch spice. You'll get the class of a- I'm a-m-a-be-s-so. What if any people are here to know that time, 60-demand dog, the most popular man on a planet who's still alive, he'll be at the-to-a-clock, a-hump word for it. And then we got all that-the ball game stuff. Lots of ball game stuff. Biggain, let's give some tickets away. What do you say? No. How about those panther ally kings tickets? Anybody want those? We got three pair. Without a parking pass. Anybody want those? No. Let's see. Frontline, 9 o'clock W.S.C.L. 11. 10 o'clock, PBS Miami 2. And then it says, watch this show online. Well, I could watch this show online. The only problem that is I have no audio here on my really- uh, Chancy set up that they got from me on this computer. Go computer but no audio card. So it's kind of pointless just to watch the video if you catch my drift. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line. WQA and hello. I bet my career is really over. WQA and hello. QAM? Brotherhood. What was it? I couldn't even understand it. Can we just play jingles and- What was that? What did he say? Oh, oh. WQA and hello. Anyhow, how's it going? Okay. I have a couple of things to bring the table here. First off on your poll today. I'm have to say M&M. If he wasn't another- if he wasn't a white boy, he'd be another black rapper. Okay. In regards to Toronto, what's the cost of living as it is compared to the United States? Is it more there as it less than here? About the same. Yeah. I just moved down here from Colorado when this plate blows. And I hear you talking about Toronto all the time, and it just sounds like such a better place. It is. Yeah. And maybe for your future poll, silliest superstitions. I don't know about you, but I can't stand it when I got an elevator in. There's no 13 floor. You know, it's just the- the- the- the Americans. There were maybe just a society in general with their superstitions. You know, what? Not walking under a ladder, black cat crossing, things like that. Good one. I'm right at down. Excellent. How a great day you. Thanks, Pally. And don't unpack it all there before it's too late. Oh, what's so great about Canada? What's so great about Toronto? Let me say it again. All you people out there that don't like where but how I'm talking about whether it's Amsterdam, Toronto, whether it's Cancun, whatever. Don't go there. Don't come here. Don't go there. Don't do none. Just sit there on your ass and pretend that you're in paradise. Okay. I know somebody thinks he's in paradise. Absolutely. Take a look at that. Okay. That says it all right there. That says everything you need to know. Got M&M down? Got it. I think I'm going to put already, even though this list is just in the origins here. I'm devoting for a good old, kind of Lisa, kind of Lisa, please. I get on your knees and quit with a bullcraft, kind of Lisa. Yeah, she's new- the new henchmen now. She's going out there to announce for El Presidente. Oh, yeah. This war was justified and we, he was a bad man. And the Adi Adi Adi and he had all this crap. We haven't found it, but he had a lot of crap. We haven't found him yet, but he's crap. Conor Lisa, let me tell you right now honey, your crap. Your crap on two legs is what you are. You're ridiculous. You're a silly person. Oh, it's Dr. Rice. How can you speak so disrespectfully of Dr. Rice? Ha ha ha ha ha. Right. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. Got it, please. Wanted to get you a hand. Got it. That was Woody, yes sir. He's on there. She's the second name on list. OK, you're out. Clarence Tokent Thomas has ported. No list is up. Which of these people do you most strongly believe is successful or has a job because of their skin color? And Clarence Tokent Thomas forecondalisa fore Mary, mylifan, God up here, None for dynamic McNadby at or Brian Cumble or Greg Gumball or M&M. WDQAM hello. WDQAM? Yep. Yes sir. What about putty's? Footy? Footy's in your mouth. Yeah. WDQAM. WDQAM hello. Must be all the most boyfriends are getting a little restless you know? Right. I'm realizing it so many. Also in the same three. WQAM hello. Is this the Joey Reynolds show? Yeah. Speaking. WQAM hello. Yeah hi Neil. How are you? Okay. Good. Listen. I moved down from Toronto and the cost of living is twice as high there as because of the socialized government. Oh, it's not. No, it's not twice as high if you have an American paycheck because the dollar here's only 75 cents. No, I know. When the thing like you take your average person making 45 50,000 to tax, the tax rate there your tax to debt. Yeah, and the taxes here are brutal. There's no question about that. You got the GST and the PST and the yeah. So it's the credit health care when they say it's free. Is it really free or not? If you're a citizen, yeah. Yeah, but aren't you paying if you're your high taxes or whatnot? So what's the point? So you don't like it here? Is that what you're trying to tell me? Well, that's why I left there. Okay. Yeah, I got about. Let me suggest this to you. Don't come back. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, so you see the south board is like a magnet for all the people just like him right there. It's a good example. Unhappy, pissed off, bigoted, narrow-minded, nasty looking for the negative, which is great. I'm delighted that those people most of them get to hell out of here because it leaves all the really nice people and friendly people and happy people here, which everybody seems to begin just fine. Isn't that amazing? What a concept. Hey, good morning. Have a nice day. See you around, eh? Just like that. And of course you're here at the last two days just pouring, pouring to the phone. Is there trying to make up for lost time? Have a good time. That checks in the bank. WQAM, hello. Hi, now. Yes, sir. You know, they're not the bush people. They're not only in full spin control on this war, but they're out. They're in spin control on this leak in the CIA operative. Because they keep saying, person, we're not going to find the person, but it was two people who made the calls. It was Osama and Sada. Probably. But then there's also a third person who broke the story to the Washington. The dot movie, yes. So there's three people right there who know what this is. Sir, let me say this to you. Okay, life will be a lot better for all of us. If we don't even worry about these things until election day, because the fact of the matter is the media is sleeping, the American public is sleeping. You hear generally, you got more ons out there. My net's got a market. We've become minus more ons who are immersed in Kakka because that's what the media has fed them for years now. Right. And another thing about Ann Colfer, somebody mentioned her. You know, she made a remark that she wished Timothy McVay had part his truck out side, the New York Times building. And they treat these people like their, you know, like their some kind of judge. Like a responsible jail is dry. I mean, it's fun. Maybe she can a low-pot Pat Robertson. Well, that'd be a good pair. But it's just unbelievable that she's given, you know, a platform to expat, you know, expat. Well, even on this front line, sure last night, what irritates me is that every time TV is one of these shows, they have to spend about half of the time interviewing Richard Pearl. Well, what the hell credibility is he got? None. Zero. He's, you know, he's one of them. He's a spend doctor. You bet. Okay. Hang in there, pal. Thank you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. There's John Stamos looking pretty good, by the way. 20 till noon at 2 a.m. Hey, do you like scary Halloween fun? Are you scared of the dark? You think you like to be scared? Do you have the guts to face your fears? You don't know what fear really is until you work on this radio station and continue to survive phobia house. It's house of masquerades, 3-E haunted house. Phobia house is recognized as one of these scariest haunted houses in the entire country. It scares, scares, and scares some more. If you think you can survive their collection of 3-E phobia and festive nightmares, living dead things, blood curtains, and other screaming horrors, all of these things, then come on down. Believe the little ones at home. This isn't a hunt for children under 14, just ask somebody who survived them before. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget no matter how hard you try. Come on, antsy face your fears if you dare. Phobia house by house of masquerades call 305-238-3351. mentioned the Arragas Show or Scott Parallel and save a buck and admission. Phobia house located at 1-21-05, South Thixie Highway in Miami, just 15 blocks south of the Falls. Scream started 7 p.m. this Friday as in tonight and Saturday. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget no matter how hard you try. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget no matter how hard you try. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget no matter how hard you try. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget no matter how hard you try. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget no matter how hard you try. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget no matter how hard you try. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget no matter how hard you try. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget no matter how hard you try. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget. Phobia house is an attempt you'll never forget. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget. Phobia house is an experience you'll never forget. job because of their skin color 58 votes and we got a battle going on. Miriam Elephant's got 22 Condolese at his 20. Clarence token Thomas 9, Brian Cumble 3, Donovan McNab's got a pair. Great Gumble 1 and M&M's got one. Kind of a hook shape one. Here's the article I was searching for and the reason I couldn't find it, I have it snatched in my Bible and the inquirer. The one with Russia's push on a front where it shows all them. Pills stories? Strytis Palm Beach Posts Friday October 2 prescriptions over used link to sudden hearing laws. Do you hear me Miguel? Uh-huh. One of the prescriptions rose National Radio Talk Show host Rush Limbaugh's alleged to abuse has been linked to sudden hearing laws and affliction that just coincidentally struck them about two years ago. Just a coincidence. At the time Dr. said they were unsure of the exact cause of Limbaugh's hearing laws but said that over use of an occasion was not a factor. Right. Sure. Pops of it. Limbaugh wouldn't reveal the cause of his deafness. Coincidentally the House Ear Institute in Los Angeles where Limbaugh sought treatment. discovered in 1999 that some of its patients would suddenly hearing law said over use the common paint killer that combines Hygrop Codon and a C-domonathan. This combination is sold under several breaddames, vuckin in Hygroset, Norco and Lorset. Lorset, where we heard that before. Just so happens, Lorset is one of the prescriptions Limbaugh's former Husky Purset she He procured for him and must be just another one in strange coincidences. Doctors at the clinic said prolonged use of the pain killer was a common factor among 29 patients with sudden hearing loss. How do you like that? Laptop, I thought I thought and all that other good stuff. Nice gone, Rash. Paponautal one. 5, 6, 7, and of course like I said, those people would become just totally unglue. They don't over-discream or appeal a banana now. Poverty QAM, hello. Yeah, how's it going? Okay, sir. I was going to call you about the Panther game last night and I want to blow out. Okay, I went to the game. No problem. Get the ticket. 10 bucks. That in park. It was kind of fighting. It was like, holy anybody there. That's not true. Well, how many did they say right there? I mean, I went down to the wall of bull. Just row in the second middle of the second period. Yeah. Well, the candidates was 17,200 and something in both Scott and Miguel were both there last night and they said that they were probably at least 15,000, which you know, for opening that isn't it. I was just a little bit. They must be all outside spoken. I guess. I don't know. Just watch the game. But there's hardly anybody there. I'm telling you, I watched the game. I mean, I got there a little after the first period, but the second or period, you can look there's so many empty seats. I was not even funny. Well, the only thing I did was because I got the hockey package here. I watched about 30 seconds early in the second period and it did look like there was nobody there. But I'm assuming that they were all out in a hallway of farting or mommy home. You're talking about going to their cell phone. Right. After the game, I hung out for a little bit and the blood-wise, a terrorist. And 20 minutes after the game comes, Mike Keon, and he's starting to pound them with the fangs. That happened. I was my jaw drop. Hey, listen. If you were a working-ed job, you'd probably be doing the same thing. That's true, too. Anyway, okay. Thanks for the abogus report. There's a guy that says there was nobody at the game. See, there's more negativity than it had. 17,200, which is not a cell. I'll put nevertheless against a pretty marginal boring opponent like Carolina. It's not a bad crowd on the Thursday night. Right off a, there was nobody there, but it's see they just, they just feed this negativity. It just constant. It just doesn't stop. It doesn't stop. And by the way, for that schmuck who moved from Toronto down to there, let me just say this to you. Okay. The packies here, every one of them, even ones that spellbed, smell up at her new dupe, puts schmuck. On a pack of statties and the Indians and the Chinese, and the, yeah, we can't all be red blood of the Americans like that punk. Stay where to head you are, A. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. See, it's just, it's just astonishing to me. It's like there's always this, it's like a one sided battle, you know? I see it's a sunny day. Oh, you're wrong. There's a big storm coming to you. You better watch it better bat mountain hatches. You just wait a couple of months when it snowed up to your ass. Oh, my God, just, just a seething, hostile, negative to a place. Let me just say this to you. Also, of course, there are a lot of losers who can't afford to live in places where, yeah, though it's a little pricey like Boston or Toronto places like that because their slippers, they don't have two nickels to rub together. So they have to search for like a low rent district, like probably that guy lives in a mirror mar or somewhere. Wouldn't it be a good place for him? Mirror mar. Stick them to highly. And highly, a big, a, maybe highly of gardens would be good. One of them 250 dollar a month of apartments would be excellent. About over time. Where the roaches are bigger than your, your mama. Are you starting to, would that racial stuff again? No. You better, you know, you better watch it, Mr. Cause you're going to be packing up right with your buddy. You're going to have like a, I know same bus. The two of you, man, you just don't know when you have it well. Look at all the big bucks you're making. Well, I mean, look at all the free hockey tickets you're getting. I told you a long time ago, do not listen to George. Okay, he's a little O'sha on provocative tour. He's looking to get your ass fired. That's why he told you, whatever you do not hit that yellow square thing. Okay, don't hit it. What is this thing that you're doing? Packs on the socks. Hit that we use this time and function way is based on the principle. No, function way you're ass. Okay, function way. Oh my god. Holy Toledo is Rick weaver would say I miss Rick weaver a lot, right? Absolutely. Those were the days, those were the good days. Let's see, J. Faxes and says the ultimate answer to your pull and a person who should have inspired is none of the queen of the yenta operatives. Oprah, that's an excellent one. Oprah, they've been in Eris for what reason we have no idea. Another might be Robin Quiver's or a Jew-feeler who'd have been cut years ago if he was black. That's good. I liked that J. Feeler. That's a very good kind of like reverse logic thing. There you see what I'm saying? Tree do. Robin Quiver's I don't think so. She's there because she sucks hard. Can you play the crow drop where he limits? Oh, I want to play a whole bunch of crow drops because he wants to go on with a phone number, which is okay, like 567. Oh, 856. But my favorite one is, how about you, M and B, but, trodment to me, but the globe. Okay. I will never forget that phone number. That is the best. Going to let locker room in pump pump pump. Yeah. So how many do we want to pull? Mani Ramirez. You stepped on him. Mani Ramirez. Mani Ramirez. He is now wearing crow marty. Get the crow on there. We could just put the crow if you like. Here's another one says, please put Oprah on list. Well, she's got we just did. Oprah. She's just as countless as Ricky Lake, but since she was the first black woman on the 10 TV, she's considered a town. So Charles and four lotterdale Beach and Charles, you are. That's so ridiculous. Right. Thumb right on a trolley that damn bitch. Oprah, she couldn't talk her way out of a paper sack. Oh, but she's worth billions of dollars. Yeah, well, tell me why. Cause her name smells harmful backwards. Fixed thing and deal. Talonless bitch. Oh, speaking of crazy people. Some brave bizarre people, anyway. Of their crazier not but their certainly strange. A cruel geobals elementary school teacher in her volunteer aid were charged yesterday with binding and gagging the six year olds with heavy tape and a spashtman from his behaving. A bunch of Tom Reggie would be proud to finally found something to do with that duct tape. The aid is a fellow nonprovation for arm burglary with a knife cocaine possession and grand theft. They'd cut his school administrators say they never knew how the, this is gotta be one of the greatest things. All your people with little kids in school should rest real easy not. They county school administrators said they never knew because they don't conduct background checks on school volunteers. If this is not a critical problem but is deemed anomaly, which it appears to be, how many hairs are we going to split as superintendent mirret steerheim, saying the $70 per person fee for fingerprint checks on the district's 21,000 foreign volunteers is prohibitive. Where do we get to appointed diminishing returns? In other words, oh, a few axiwarters get through and ain't worth spending the money. God, what an asshole. Charles Thursday were veteran first grade teacher Vanda Kristy and her close friend, volunteer Ivann and Yves. Kristy reportedly did nothing to intervene when Yves disciplined at least five students by taping their hands ankles heads in mouthfully said, the leds instance occurred between late August and September 11. Who? Kristy has been raising the ever since since 2000 brought her into the classroom despite knowing her history of arrest and drug use. I can't understand how the school system would allow my precious angel of six years old and that person's hands had Pedro Herrou who son Peter Anthony city was taped by Nievase. If steerheim had a six year old and this happened and I think he changes to an immediately, both women were charged with five counts of child abuse, Nievase also faces five counts of false imprisonment. They both were in jail as of last night to which we say, O'Rah! Excellent. How do you like that? Let me just have to read that to myself again. The so-called teachers ate as a fell-in on probation for armed burglary with a knife cocaine position in Grand Thif, they've county school administrators said they never knew because they don't conduct background checks and school volunteers and Merit on an asshole steerheim will help to give us the metro fail many years ago. It says, oh well, we're just appointed to mince you return. We can't afford to be doing that. We can't do that. How do you like that? I wonder if Juan Medietta is still there on the shoulder of the Mere Pinga Picania? Probably one of your people. You're probably good buddies with Mon Medietta, right? Miguel? Sure. He's very similar to you. Oh, he, you know, didn't look quite as good. That's for sure. Which of these people have not used to look pretty good? Which of these people do you most strongly invite away in? Has anybody come rushing in there? I know this is humorous. Would it check for a band of pet rescue this morning? No, I had to, Scott's over there holding the door back. So, you know, not too many people bum rush the door at one time. I got news for you. You can have Scott holding the door open, peering up and down in a hallways. And you'll notice the quickened pace of urban hall, fans may be running in the other direction. Well, they're in the building, you know, the radio's not on in here. You know, well, that's right. They're listening to Power 96. They're not listening to this crap. That's right. When we start doing good radio, then they might listen. That's another one. It seemed like all of these cronics are like they just got all lit out. You know, on the same week, like maybe they're in the like yesterday for like, maybe it's for Columbus Day, or maybe like for Monday is a Canadian Thanksgiving. A, it's phone time at the, uh, at the joint at the joint. Which of these people do you most strongly believe is successful? It has a job because of their skin color. That's our question on the neorajers.com. Condoleezza 32, Merium, elephant 30. They got a battle going. How many's Merium got about 30 minutes? Parents Thomas 20. And then it's small tators after that. Brian Cumble, five M&M, five down about McNad's got a pair. Greg Gumble, one. We don't have Oprah honor yet or J. Fiddler. Hey, Jay, what do you say? My, my, and local. Here's sports radio, five 60s. You a, you a, yeah. This is Jennifer Lopez. I have to take my hormones every day to keep the hair from going back around my nipples. And that's when I listen to the neorajers 12 to one hour. Hey, basketball fans, what could be better than watching your favorite players? Play and done. How about watching them get dunked in the slamer? You can with a own and be a criminal league. Yes, all your favorite players on the court are now in court. This will be right. Hero life strong. They've been stouted by. Climb Robinson, Chris Weber, Jerry Stackhouse. And of course, Allen Ivory said. I've received. And he scores. Pro, basically. When only NBA Superstars are in lockdown, the action is locked up. The NBA criminal league. Ah, tell you what, this was Maryland. It's gonna be a little tough to bring the NBA to the most violent prisoner. Oh, that's there. They've gone from committing fouls to committing felonies. And use in the material witness to all the drama with the NBA criminal league. See, they're learning as an ask what I call it, they're bald. The NBA criminal league. And won these gangsters. Come on to a 5, 60, nobody QM. So last night on the front line show one of the things they pointed out is that Dick Cheney who they just had on CNN moments ago. Lire Lire, your pants are on fire, baby. He's got heartburn. A year after they proved beyond a shadow without the FBI investigated that so-called meeting in Czechoslovakia between the imprague, between Muhammad Ata and Iraqi officials, come to fight out. That Muhammad Ata must have been like in two places at the same time because he was in Florida when it means supposed to have been taken place. And after the FBI made it very, very clear, but nevertheless a year later, Cheney comes on air, but it would be put about me pizza sin crap. Like the old, uh, who was it was at the ostensibly trimmons who used to talk about the big lie. Arnold. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, somebody suggest Johnny Cochlan for list. He wouldn't play the race card. What? That's a good one. Johnny's Cochlan. Which of these people do you most strongly believe is successful or has a job because of their skin color? That's our pull question that they on theorajus.com. And you might want to prove Arnold's pulsing, you're long under two. This is not going to be pulsing. It's like kind of limp. 130 votes, Mary of elephant 45. Now, what's do you like better? Do you like the naked picture of Arnold with the, the Skippy towel or the one about the poor what's his name? Rawr. Getting the carried away by ticker the tiger. I haven't seen either. To be honest with you. You haven't seen either one of them? No. Well, just look around to your chair right now. You can take a few good dos man. Oh, and speaking of a Miguel, I was just listening on an audio. El Presidente, that big emotional speech he made that pan-re speech this morning. You love tightening the screw. Now, what's the one who's pretty like better? Hold on. Yeah, he's checking out the Arnold. The Arnold one is a long one and a picture too. You mean you're not even there yet? No, this is the opening page. Oh my god, Jesus. One thing I got here, man, my internet connection is faster than like the Mocha-Pick and Dinglebury. Yeah, so I'm gonna have a tan light. Yeah. And there's a dollar bill. And what about it? Which one is better? Where's the other one? There's so much that Miguel is doing to show today. And I don't know what anyway, so Bush is talking about making tighter bands on travel to Cuba. Of course you already can't travel to Cuba from yours, but he's going to tighten the screws on it and this way to gear this, this is going to get fed out of there. He's going to make for stronger signals for radio and TV Marti. So it's definitely. Let's see. It'll be, let's see. Like that. Who won't that be good? Lucy. What a joke. Anyway, Miriam Elefitz got 45 votes. Conalisa 37 Clarence, token Thomas 29, M&M6, Ryan Gumball 6, The guy with a lot of it, McNab 3, Oprah's got only 2 so far. Greg Gumball's got 1G Filer 1 and we got to get Johnny Cockring on there as well. And anybody else you'd like? 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. Anybody want those Panther LA King tickets? No. We have one hockey call today. The Panther Wonder Home opener last night against the hurricane 3-1. You're how the frogs always hit the panther, always like in a singular for some reason and out of the corner of their mouth. Like Luke Robotyp. And John Critchin. WDQA, and hello. WDQA, and hello. Hey, I want some chieftops. Can you tie some suggestions for the old for the poll? I can't stay on hold. Only one. Al Sharpen. Al Sharpen's a Reverend. He's a man of the cloth, man. What does that mean? Because of his skin color? Then you'd have to say that everything's a pleasant, a black preacher. Like Jesse Jackson or something like that. Your crap is at. Pick it on for Al Sharpen. And as much as I find him, I'm not just an unacceptable. I will say this for him. Any of the debates that I've seen in participated, he's always a gutter best lines. Of course, if they had any Republican opposition, I know who'd have the best lines there. Now, present it. He's got a lot of experience with him. Lying. 560-50560, palm 560, only AT&T line. Anybody want the Panther LA Kings? We got three pair. No, November 5th, my birthday. No, it's all the interest in that. Oh, sure. But I've had it. Nobody cares. Just like, and this is the truth. I know we had the tapes earlier in the season. We tried giving away Marlon tickets on the air. George took Marlon tickets to his appearances at the Treasure Island, wherever else. And not only were they not taken any of them, but they were given him's tickets to like, oh, I'll see if he can give these away. Because we don't want him. I went and set first hand. And then tickets that are now going for 2500 bucks on your scalp. To see the cups in a Marlon's now talk about front running phony. I mean, I'm glad like I said for the town something would happen. I'm glad for Jack McKee and even though he's one of the God squad people. Well, I'll tell you also. I'm really getting nauseated by what I got. It's okay, Pudge. He does the cross himself. I know we've pitched a lot of those Catholics, especially the, well, I guess only the Hispanics, right? It's a spik thing. Sure. I don't know if I can get that whole Marlon the other night. And then start pointing to the sky at that point. You know. You know, I just, that stuff just makes me want to barfe, you know. Oh, maybe he's pointing at somebody. Huh? Maybe he's pointing to like his old man or something. His old man is in the sky. I don't know if his old man's a library that he could be pointing at him. Is his old man in the sky? Don't you get it? Ah, I get it. Don't you understand how ridiculous that is? And it's just, it's just tired of that crap, okay? If you want to believe in your fairy tales, find keep it to yourself, but don't keep posting it on everybody. Oh, but I mean, you know, like Jack McKin would have God's stuff after they won the series of against the giants. Or was it after they won it? Which one was it after they won a game that the extra inning gave you 11 and then he's, and he's going out about the Lord, this and his on their side and Jesus and all this other horsecraft man? The God squad. Jesus Christ all my ulcer. Or he? WQAM. Hey, Uncle Neil. Yes sir? And what's voting for Ella Conch? I wanted to vote for Oprah Blimpsley. WQAM, hello. Yeah, Neil. You can watch that story more that front line show, Truth Warren Conch, Quentin. Storing tomorrow, or if you can go back in the... Is that a marker on it? Ah, I'll then check out what would John O'Neill called the man who knew. How are you saw that? Yeah, and also I think you're firing pork about Randy Rose. Be splurking your good name and not saying all these good things about you. Like what? She was saying about how when she was down and out and you... You guys had some... I've been to go to in Tampa. You... Reddredder or Carr. And got her a sweet and stuff like that. I was really disappointed to hear you put a nice guy you really are. Oh, sorry. Okay. Bad for my image Randy, don't be talking about what a nice guy. I want to be a real prick. That's what I want to be. A heart ass. We got a large ass and a heart ass. Only his pocket of good ones. Hey, how about Samoxy Cotton's Rush? That little... Why do you think his name is Rush? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I can't wait to get the new and Quarra. I want to announce coming out because this one had the front page story. I don't... It's dated October 14. Usually it's like dated about a week ahead, but when this came out it was week goes for like two weeks ahead. And it's still on the... Because every day I keep checking the new stand to see if there's like a new one. Because it's supposed to have some more amazing and psychotic stuff. And I don't care what my good post former personal friend Scotch from RL says. The inquiry... They're pretty damn careful about the crap they put in there. Okay? He thinks it's just another one in tabloids like the star and the tabler and all that other weekly world news. He don't get it. Even Scott Junior, they're told me this morning that. For RL sometimes, he just don't get it. Is that what you said? It took a look in his face. Yeah. Rather than usual, rather than the future on our web site. Oh, sorry, I was answering the phones. What? I said you were a fuller crap. Thank you. Thank you, A.M. Hello. Yeah, I was an A.M. Pretty good. Hey, listen, I know this is probably a bullet looking to the people in the promotions department at QAM. But you know, he's part of him. He's 50% of our promotion tomorrow. He's sitting right there. He can take it. Well, you know, you're talking about the good work you're doing for the event of the rest. You want to get somebody's hands out of the ball game that was 60,000 people the next three days. I'm sure maybe 500 people might want to buy something that is 60,000. There you go. That would be 10,000. I mean, you know, rocket science. Right. I'll take it out. Take all that stuff out to just for you, bro. Well, obviously, I mean, you got 65,000 people. I'm sure that's going to be 10, 20, 30. You know, you know, you know, you know, I want to give you, I want to give you an idea of the difference. When we were at W.Y. would de-Georgia and we were doing the same thing. Raise money for charity. We, you know, it took a little bit of work and doing with the dolphin organization, but we arranged the thing where they let us subpedal our stuff. They didn't want us to do the t-shirts because they had it because it would conflict with some of the t-shirts they sell. But they let us do the CDs and whatever else we were doing on those days. Right there in front of a dolphin game, we raised plenty of money. I've fact I remember being in other appearance. I mean, that was the difference between. That was the difference between. I would keep in mind. It's not the reen in Miguel. It's the QA management. They don't give a crap. They give us no support. All they want to do is just, you know, they give me a big paycheck, which is fine. But they figure, well, that's all they got to do. They don't want to lend you any tangible support. That's it. We're just seeing like this such an event happening here. And this is such an event town that, I mean, somebody else. I go out there and ask me for a CD, man. I'm just saying, I'm enough against the Miguel. I'm not sure he's a great guy or anything. He's got a great guy. He just happens to look good. If he didn't look good, man, I'd tell you. We'd all be all over his ass. I'm not sure that anything. All the good looking people get everything. That's right. In fact, I'm doing it. I'm doing it. I'm doing it. I'm doing it. That's what I mean. But I don't know what they have. Even if they didn't let them go into the stadium, if they parked right on 27 and 1999. Shoulder. You are absolutely correct. I don't agree with him. Can I have the hockey tickets? But I can't answer. Sure. Hang on. Give him a pair. Okay. He's right. He ought to be working on our promotion department. But he can go out there. He can go out there. I mean, University drive. What does that mean? He could be at the end. I got to be at the ten. I got to be at Gigi. I can't be in two places that once. Well, you know something. It seems to me we got so many flunkies running around at place. We could get Scott right there to go out and do it. But that also he's doing. He's picking his nose and the anchor on most Dingo burry. Huh? Is there free parking? Well, we'd arrange for you to free parking. Okay. I'll be blind. Jesus. You have pickup line. I didn't take care of the guy in quick. My given him all the job tickets. You're giving him both. He's going to be the new. You're not to direct your aunties. Go to the Panther Kings game. My. My. And low. This is for 205. 60s. 205. 205. Yeah. Yeah. Scott. One moment. Are you. But still. Friday night on E. It's the making of the Enrique Iglesias song. Hero. I can't be your team. Oh, demon. Everything is still alive. Oh, Jerry. This is not what. This is not what Enrique's fans want. Yeah. You need to get in there. You need to get in the car. I know. I know. I got an idea. Let me see. If this. You. I know you. And we get. He. He. Yes. What? Santa. He. What? Santa. Santa. Santa. Santa. Santa. Santa. And what you're on. And never. Enrique. Look at this puppy on the TV. Isn't he cute? Yeah. He doesn't have a home. He's starving on the street. Why would it be darky? Star of on this street? But if you sell enough records by seeing him a song, maybe we can find homes for all the little dogies in the world. What you're trembling. What you're thinking about. I'm sure. Hey, Enrique. What do you want for lunch today? No, I think bacon class is from Wendy's. Oh, they don't even sell that anymore. They don't make it anymore because you are bad. I do not know what to do anything. You know what, though? If you sing your song, I'll make it for you. Okay. I'm going to stand. I'm going to stand. This weekend on E. It's an exclusive behind the scenes look. I've been making of the Enrique Glacier song hero. Enrique Enrique, look. But he was pull is out and guess what? What? So she's not sexy anymore. Don't miss the making of hero. Enrique Glacier's, Friday night on E. Everything entertainment. So I was chronic peaked the board up. We just got the hockey tickets. Good guy though. He deserves it. He's okay. Never stole a freight train. That's a good lesson. He's got board out old boardops. That's what they become. Talk show callers and fangcers. Arnold's blackout about Enron. This was in the New York Daily News yesterday. This is the fourth different article about the Kenny Lay meeting. And of course nobody out there cares. It's kind of a mood point now anyway after the election. On this is written by a one gunzallas. See there you go. There's one from a gal. Gunzallas. I think he's kind of speedy gunzallas. On May 17, 2001 after the third in a series of rolling blackouts in California, Los Angeles Mayor Richard Reardon in a small group of top California business executives, held a private meeting into plush minutes. A lot of people tell him Beverly Hills to discuss the solution of these state's mounting power problems. The main guest at the meeting in the man who asked me to convene was Kenny Lay then CEO of Enron Corporation Kenny Boy. This was five months before the Texas based energy firm collapsed and the biggest bankruptcy and corporate fraud case in US history at the time. Also attending that meeting with Lay was Arnold Schwarzenegger who this week was elected Governor of California. Other participants included Michael Milk and the former junk bond, either sentenced to 10 years in prison in the 1980s for insider training, as well as the heads of several energy biotech and investment firms. So what was Schwarzenegger then just another Hollywood star doing in a private meeting with Ken Lay and all those high-powered business execs? Good question! You think Schwarzenegger who told California voters during the recall election that he was not a politician would have an answer. He brushed off attempts by CNN and Ariana Huffington who subsequently dropped out of the governor's race to raise the issue by saying he cannot recall meeting with Lay. His campaign didn't respond yesterday to request for comment. Arnold has a pattern not recalling Huffington told me, whatever happened in the meeting, why wouldn't you recall you with there? It's a case of total amnesia. Last Friday a series of internal and wrong emails released by the Foundation for Tax Baron Consumer Rights, which I read yesterday that story, a California Consumer Advocate Eversey Group confirmed that Schwarzenegger attended the meeting and that the gathering was part of an and wrong campaign to press California Leaders for Electricity de-regulation. Schwarzenegger participated actively into the discussions at executive and attended the meeting said yesterday. In one of the end-run emails dated May 11, 2001, a former company spokeswoman, Karen Denny wrote to Lay, working to set up two meetings one in LA and one in Silicon Valley. For the LA meeting we'd like you to call Mayor Dick Weirdon as far as helping the other group of key influential business leaders explain about our comprehensive solution, business support is critical to the governor political support. Lay represented a number of ideas but there was a lot of pushbacks said the executive said who attended the meeting, I do remember Arnold was one of the ones who questioned the logic of what in wrong was saying. The meetings lay held came at a critical time in the state's energy crisis as Doug Heller the Foundation for Tax Baron Consumer Rights only a few weeks before the meeting will tend to Governor Silia Cruz-Mustemone filed a $9 billion civil suit that alleged Pau-Scage, a price-gouging by California's major power companies. After months of skyrocketing electricity prices and third-rolling blackout, the California legislature had just passed emergency measure authorizing a $10 billion bond as you to keep the supply of electricity flowing. Many Californians had reached a conclusion that deregulation and markup manipulation were behind the crisis and more than anyone else in the country can lay was the architect of deregulation. After Enron collapsed that October internal company documents revealed company traders and other energy firms had fraudulently created artificial shortages to drive our prices in California. Enron's major trader in the state Tim Weld and pleaded guilty in December to conspiracy to commit wire fraud and its cooperating with a justice department investigation. When Schwarzenegger was only a Hollywood actor who didn't matter if he met with Lee, now his governor of the biggest state in the country it does. Alco and Governor Gray Davis requested that the federal energy regulatory commission forced the big power companies, including Enron to return $9 billion stolen from California customers. Governor-elect Schwarzenegger must decide what to do about that demand. A few days ago he released a 10-point program for solving California's huge budget deficit. No word as it mentioned the state's energy crisis or the return of $9 billion to the forenions. Let's hope the star of total recall hasn't forgotten that one too. Right? Roat one Gonzalez in yesterday's New York Daily News. Not a one. There's about 400 articles say turning the same thing, but don't confuse the public because he's a celebrity maybe. It's our little. It's the Terminator. In California. God, there's so many stupid people in so little time, you know it. And even Pete the board out there had some pretty good ideas about the fundraiser. Of course that's because he used to work at IOD real radio station. Yeah, real brilliant. What? If I put that out there a million and a half people are going to want that for free. Then I got to describe two of them going to have people that are whole process. So what do you try to say that you're a pussy? Yeah. See, another thing about this radio station. And that is that unlike IOD where we had a whole bunch of people who were willing to do stuff like that. Unless it has to do with sports. Like even the thing about Bell South that you're hot at me about unless it has to do with sports. Then forget about it. We get nothing. See, and that's the reason that our fundraiser, everyone. That's why I didn't even bother doing it last year, which was a good move on my part. And now this year I see gloom and doom. If we raise 50 grand this year, it'll be one of the greatest miracles in history mankind. Because I can remember a lot of them. I'm going to go you and George both in. Oh, well, gee, it's only September. We don't usually start to lock up. Now it's the 10th of October. Okay. It's a third over. You turn and is the money pouring in? No. Are the dollars like course not? We all know about 31 grand. 10 of which is mine. I could do a better fundraiser out here on the corner with a tin cup. Spare some change, Mr. Agarretia could do better than that. Just get a good set. Look on my push. But that's the key way. Man, unless it has to do with sports, it's not only not a priority, it just isn't even on the radar screen. If it sounds like I'm bitching about it, you're right. WDQAM, hello. New, good afternoon. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. I'm doing okay. I'm doing okay. It's beginning to be LA KZC, LA WFK, last night. No, I did not. Well, there were one and two to one against Detroit with Hashtag. Oh, I saw it like 1.2 seconds left. Yeah, I was ruining it. Wait. Wait, no, no, no, wait. I thought Detroit won a game. I'm saying that's how the King's lost. The train LA was winning two to one with four minutes to go. Why is he showing up at the square? They tied it with four minutes and then they scored a winning goal with like 1.2 seconds. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah, hey, you know, I'm a bit of a King fan. Now, even though I'm born and raised in Philly, I like checkmonica, which they had the trade and I'm some root for the King's a little bit now. Well, good luck, yeah. You'll need it. Yeah, I know. It could be a long year, whether it banged up right now. I got the decent team, if they're healthy. Well, really, hang on. You got to take a sing on. Thank you, sir. That's what he wanted. I mean, what's the putter putting the audience into a coma? The audience don't care about the LA King. It would know Ziggy Palfy from Ziggy Steakhouse, you know? They don't know from it. Unlike our two big hockey fans there. Now, listen, I don't want to take the break it because I don't want it because Scott obviously has got zeroed fords syndrome. He cannot walk and chew gum at the same time. What if we take the break now? See what I'm saying? And then pick up the phone. And then you can pick up the phone. And then you can like insert the Clarette's deep into your... Black dome and have really good breath arrest of the weekend. My life and love home. This is for 205.61. Wait, you ain't... I'm... I'm... I'm... I'm... I'm... I'm... There we go. Hey y'all, my name is Manj, and I'm a man from Eugene Thomas, and the Bush is nominee for the Supreme Court. And you know, there's lots of people that dare to think just off. I spoke a little marijuana when I was in college. That it wasn't as it went on. Here enjoy. Yeah, maybe it's a guy's ad you're an honor of every y'all. Then they don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court. Yeah, I got too much. That dude is quick and get out of here. I want to sit down straight. When I stop reviewing the law, I don't just review the law. There y'all. I mean, don't get in. And I don't get to the East. I don't get to the West. And I don't get why not look up Santerdale, kind of as best. Okay. I'll be told you. Ha ha ha. Let's go very well y'all. 225.60, Nobody QAM, which of these people do you most strongly believe is if Cessville has their job because of their skin color. 195 vote. Miriam Elephant started to pull away. She's got 68. Condolees has got 56. Parents token Thomas 44. He's doing well. Eminem 10, Brand Gumble 6, Oprah's got five. Donovan McNad 3. That should make rush happy. Chief people has got a pair of Gumble 1. How come, John the Cochrane and I know yet. Nobody probably said that they're at right. I was probably a fiber space. It's probably lost in cyberspace. Maybe Eric has lost in cyberspace. Which means everybody watch out. Can you imagine him being lost? Anywhere? WQAM. Hello. New weather going. Yes sir. About what's here, we go to Toronto for like a week. And you get a little more of Fanzi when you go up there. It's quite nice. It's a bit cool. People are nice to see hello to you. And you get a little bit more bang for your buck too. Cochrane has done a lot of money and get a lot of stuff for it. But doing additional bits and tickets. For what game is that? The King's Game of the Baptist. Okay. Well, at least you know who you're playing. Okay. That takes care of those three two pair of tickets. You know, it's funny that you're going to have it. By second powers again. Because I noticed after a really bizarre start today. Pick it up where we left off in the last hour yesterday. All the same. Not cases again. But once you have something that you're given away here like for serious. All of a sudden everybody is so nice. And they love you. And they agree with whatever to have you say. And Toronto is the greatest place in the face of the earth. And probably Amsterdam is number two. And you're just the the next the Brad Pitt University. I'm looking guy next maybe the Tom Brady and Tom Welling and whatever else. You know what I'm saying? Sure do. But now of course that we gave away all three pirated pants or king tickets. And they're able to know. No, no, we got no, no. Well, that's the end of that. And I'll say it again. How come all the sports shows on a radio station to give it away. They spot tickets for the Marlins and the Cubs, which Miguel used to give us all kinds of tickets to try to force us to give them away. And nobody wanted all the time. How come you haven't brought us any come Marlins tickets? I don't have a thing in the. Well, who does? I'm the same. No, no, I want to know who does. I'll be mum. I'll find out during the break. Yeah, during the break we'll find out. If you're either going to tell us or we'll find out behind your little laws, pick back. Find out behind my pick back. Right. Isn't that wet back? Is it Doreen? No. Is it Ray Perry? No. Is it Clarence? Ah! So my good post personal friend Clarence, who can lick my fat pimple old Jewish ass, Clarence is not providing us any Marlin Cup to get tonight. Clarence who called me yesterday on the phone. Pah-pah-pah-pah-pah-pah-pah-pah-pah-you know. The same good post personal buddy Clarence who's got our rotten nasty wanker, which is the reason that nobody would get anywhere near him, even the beast no more. And he's not supplying us with any Marlin Cup to get something that everybody would want. And of course his rationale will be, oh well, Neil doesn't need those. It looks to me like the rest of the season is pretty pretty good except for five to eight a.m. Looks like everybody else is doing pretty good. Man dog don't need to head to get Steve away. Oh, the hopper sure is held on half-do. Oh, because he's got an hour-day wants that today's got a, uh, a give me show. Oh. So what's that all about? But we're not a sports show. See this is the true colors of Clarence freaking the Thomas. Whatever his name is, Darrell. A sports nerd if ever there was one. I guarantee his good buddy the beast has got all the tickets he wants for his fan as probably got free we need's and everything in the ballpark. He'll be in tele-huffy. Oh, that's right. He'll be a tele-hassy for that silly girl's game between her coons and Florida State. I say girl's game because Colis football is not like for like real adults. It's for students and for people who had never grew up like the beast. That's right. We got that for a new name all baby. Huracoons in the seminal's FSU. Now FSU is good this year or what? So far. Yeah, or ranked number five. All right. Let's hear. Let's go. Seminal's. That's what I say right now. Okay. Kick some of that silly huracoon ass man. I'm so sick and tired. Oh, it was silly. All right. Those huracoon fan 90% 95% of never went to the university. Never had a relative or kid or anybody else went to that university. And I use the term university loosely. But they're the silliest freaking people on the face of the they're the epitome of the bandwagon jumpers in South Florida. I mean, we've got them for the dolphins. We've got them now for the Marlins of course. We had them for the Panthers in that big year 100 years ago when they went to the cup final. But I'm telling you right now, man, or Huracoon fan, the phony phonyist and this game is at Florida State. But I guarantee if that game was in the orange board. 80,000 whatever it hell of thing holds and 40,000 of it be seven old fans. Am I right? Not that many. 40,000 would be seven old fans. Now who the hell? What other home games did they play this year against what girls teams? Don't ask me this question. Come on, Scott. You can do it. Your sports nerd. Thank you. Pardon? I was talking to a caller. What? Yeah. Bulltrap. What other girl team did the Huracoon's play at home this year so far? FAU. FAU. FAU. How many people were that game? What was the attendance? I did not play at for you. FAU. FAU. You shiver? What was the attendance for the you shiver game? Whole Bart? Right our PI? See nobody can give me no information. That's why we don't have any tickets. Give away because we don't have any sports nerds on the show. Come back. Too bad George is near today. You could probably spit those numbers right out. He's got all the sports nerds. I'm waiting. Man sports. Football. I give you the whole schedule right now in a minute. No but you're not going to be able to tell me what the crowds were. That isn't going to help. Well everything's going to sell it so far. Get out of here. He seems always gets sold out. You are so full of crap man. You're so wrong. That is the most bogus statement. The king of the you. They always put us extra bleachers in. They play the game. They play the game. They play the seminals. They sell out. They play the game. They sell out. If they play one of the usual weeks. There's a blind. They get like 30,000 people in. They don't give me this light. They always sell out. That right there. Proves that you can't complain about your credibility because you don't have any. What a. Oh. W to Q a M. Hello. W to Q a M. That's your friends at Bell South. Q a M. Hello. How you doing Neil? I don't want any tickets. I don't want any tickets. I don't want any. You don't want any. You don't want anything you say. But I try to be nice. Anyway. Well there you go. You know you were right. That if it ain't about sports then people don't know anything about it. Especially on this station man is all they care about. Parents he's got. He was born with a footballer positions all he knows. Not sure about that part. Leave me. But you know your pole exemplifies it because how people can think that Mary. I'm all of that has her job because of her colors. She's an elected official. She's elected in Brower County by. don't understand she's elected but he's still there under the rest under threat under penalty of death. Well, Jeff tried to get rid of her remember and he can't do it because she's an elected representative. Sir, but you don't understand, we understand the public should be climbing for her to be fired. She can be fired. Well, the point is, right, is exactly there is a recall of the options for that. That is absolutely correct. But nobody done it. And the reason that they're not doing it is because of the fact that it's because there's pressure from certain ethnic groups in South Florida. And you know, as well as I do, that, that, that, that, that, that, that demonstrated clearly that she is eminently unqualified, she's incompetent. Well, she was found not guilty on all of it now, and now and now to save her ass, she's dispensing with all of the people around her, she's, she's, when and out, she's blowing the mod. She's making her offer they can't refuse so that everybody all survivor can be a skick-goat. Well, I understand the sentiment of the vote. I understand what the sentiment of what it is that you're saying. But she's, uh, number one, she's an elected representative. to the difference between and in competence is a difference I understand that but you know I have a great day we consider and debate this and argue this all day long maybe is that mary and blow up all the way on send a little light and the low for us to me five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T and Verizon world is like an additional which this is what the public is saying okay we have to debate whether the public has to write the opinion that's the opinion they think she's in f they think she's incompetent and you know what I think they might be and in nonsense things are exhausted review dumbed passage a Please don't say the other way Welcome If my man comes home with a thing Before the top the effo woman were TV If my man comes there's no telling where The drop one of the YouTube TV Yeah that guy was uh, how can me about Mary my elephant was elected So was great Davis did he break any laws? No, did he commit a felony? No, no, no, no And they'd be called up and they kicked his ass out they hated him like poison and the same is true with Mary I'm elephant but he wants to go through this long ponders, but I mean, but it will they don't like her okay you got it? 560 pound 560 on the ATT now do we have those uh, attendance numbers for her can yet? I can't get on their page when they played the Nova high in the opening game of the season When I was playing with my little brother, I bet you pardon? East Carolina East Carolina there now when that was a home game? Yes it was and how many people did they have for the East Carolina game? About 30? No, sir. I'm in other words we can't get the number on our sports intensive radio station We're supposedly everybody in there is born with a guy named Jaxwrap up their ass and you can't we can't get the numbers for it And we got Miguel sitting there giving me a solid answer about how they sell out every home game Which is I'm gonna tell you right now, I'll bet I'll bet Scott's life on it You got a bet oh my Believe you me They do not sell out every home game. They may become close to selling out every home game You only time they got like a big gigantic packed house is when the other team is about 30 or 40 Missed about 50 percent Ruten for the other team like the gators in the aseminals and at crap And the rest of the time when they're playing one of their penned like like a Hobart college from Geneva in New York there's about 15,000 people in there Plus a lot of people just live in the hood, you know just hang out ought to be legal aliens you should understand that How are we gonna get the number you can't get on their website? Little by little And to think that I actually paid for that computer is pretty criminal Oh, he's a criminal. I doubt it the computer 567 was probably that them bell South again that crappy connection we got inside the building when you think Miguel 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line which of these people do you most strongly believe it's successful Or has it job because of their skin color? Miriam elephant the great Davis is South Florida. She's got 80 Condoleezer right 68 Clarence token Thomas 56 everybody else is way in the distance M&M 12 Oprah 10 Brian Gumball 7 J. Feedlers got three oh Three for Donovan McNadb the rush vote Greg Gumball 2 and Johnny Cochlan side of it only one on 243 votes The beauty QAM Uh Yes, sir huh, yes All right Challenged and lead us over right definitely answer job because you just never Okay, and let's see if you press it this time Scott Yes, I did good 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I think Miguel did too Well good for him. See that's all pressure together and the button too WQAM hello Yeah, sir I got a suggestion for your ball. Yes, yes, uh, sure that attorney really Gary Who will be Gary to you turning up in Martin County? I have no idea who that is I never heard of him and you did anybody else You ever hear that person who? Gary willy I get willy just from that call 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T Verizon wireless line see what I mean about the tickets Man we give way to his panther tickets wait at least that's something or it's a good sign people actually wanted them We give away three pair of panther king tickets for November 5 maybe they want him because it was my birthday, you know And if you agree here I am given out tickets even though it's my birthday. I'm given out gifts everybody else we could have wanted it for a van hit I'm thinking about ordering a hit I saw WQAM hello That's your friends at Bell South again WQAM hello Yes, I'm talking to me. Oh speaking Hey, no, I'm wondering if you saw um Michael Moore on the Conan on Brian's to the other day. No, I did not I saw him on CNN yesterday was so late at a brand He made a monkey out of her he made her look ridiculous he it was like he felt he was wasting his time and he was right Yeah, he was pretty good on Conan He talked about pushing bin law and since then how they had a on nine 12 and nine 13 They were flying the bin moms around the country the family right Yeah, I could stuff like that But uh, you're if you're seeing it No, I'm going out this weekend again is new book a dude where where where's my country? You got it. Okay. Thanks, Palette. I didn't see that Conan on Brian. I don't watch that And I'll go ahead. I don't stay up to watch those late night shows. I got to get it early and I'm more into entertainment public Once that's gonna start why don't we go start doing good radio Scott Soon as I leave the air maybe when that punk kid that maybe when somebody awesome maybe that poem will start doing good radio 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on the AT&T don't let me forget in the you want to clock out. It's a very it's a long Not real long But about Steve wind who's got the stir about sick freedom Roy and about the tiger No, you really he go now you didn't make any comment about that picture Miguel. I'll you were talking about was Arnold's penis The the 20th tiger right tell area. It's spectacular. It's in great port taste which of course is one I like it it is it's hysterical I Think the moment Arnold was in port taste dude. That's what Maria said W to Q a m hello. Hey God how the hanging and how right I ride I thought I let you know don't want no tickets Just send in my arbitron rating two of them you're in them All right, and got the rail in the metog you Love you man all right love A You too. Thank you. That's the kind of call we like right there. That's one of our people He don't want nothing he supports us. He's with us and all out of the crap, right? That's what we want you're right there I'm solicited call. That's right Well, what do you mean I'm solicited? We can't ask people look Yeah, so let's go. God you are such a moron. It's seriously. We've had we had the the beiner boy, you know With all his personal problems. We've had such a succession of losers net building I mean go away way back and you I got to be honest you're in a league of your own, you know But there's just carrying on no no you're just you're in a you're in a special category They haven't invented the category but when they do well, let's you know what it is 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on the AT and T and Verizon Wireless line you notice there is no bell soft mobility line like we used to have many years ago But that's another story for another day when Miguel isn't there to sit and get all better to shape Well line nine. That's always an adventure. WQAM line nine Hey, Neil's one and why he's got so many morons calling him. Yeah, the mind him is the full moon. Was that what it is? Yeah? Okay, how do you like that? Oh, that was gonna be a shot at you Oh, you were hoping you know hope because you're a prick. Yeah, it's the cock-a-long and the full moon too So we miss her so bad The thanks for calling lady restaurant piece would like to say Hey, you've been hoots the wrong holiday, but that's okay Try another one We miss her so badly she was a sweetheart. She was one of the nice people in South Florida. How much of course they're rolling about Yeah, and I was like 29 Well thanks to that guy man, oh man, and don't forget speaking of ratings starting the next Thursday I want to clock that'll be the unfolding the they new month of The mystery of the riddle the riddle and of course even though it's gonna be we know what it's gonna be the morning drive We know who's gonna have the numbers and who's not absolutely, but All the way we are helping By the way, sorry, I've been in 125 How are we? For the you game 65 85 And that was the opener That was the home home home coming That sounds like 15,000 empty seats Doesn't it so I guess your life is safe Scott cuz right there that don't sound like no sell out to me. No, no, I mean, that is pretty good I think I really feel it without In the orange bowl the attendance is 80,000 with the feet in the in the end 80 1000 don't try to make up stories for me, mister because I used to go to orange bowl before you were born When I had to believe me that place was a toilet, which is what it needed was toilet that place is a pit When all your countrymen are busy charging 50 bucks to park out the lawn And what are cock fights at hand the time Anyway 65,000 is what and what happens doesn't make whether the sell out is 72, which it's not or what number you're gonna pick out of the year because 65,000 is not a sell out is it? No for homecoming Home opener no some little girl school of the blind no It's a front running phony outfit the whole thing is like a dick a car as man if they ever have a season where they lose two games in the same year But I'm being man. That's gonna be the end of that program So we're fighting away down it. What that's already happened. Well, I'm just telling you right now They're having nervous breakdown of it. It's like no-to-date, which by the way Let's hear it for no-to-date. Oh, they suck all of that kid is really good looking at quarterback What is his name Brady Quinn Brady Quinn see the good one I can't remember anything else the other guys ever good for the guys like Brady Quinn They're on the tip of my tongue. I wish Oh This is not a tumor. It's the one to two hour Oh Oh mm Mmm Make a toast Ooh,诶,诶 Bye Johann You're하� matric She's a very strong second cover, Lisa, right behind Mary Mullefan, 73 votes to 88. I'm thinking about clearance and I'm thinking evil things. I like to stick him right inside of Mose. Back home, I really would. Just make him disappear. Ghost is the show yet that he just, in fact, I think clearance are programmed to actually probably resent the fact that this show always gets the highest ratings on a radio station because it's the only one that's not a sports show that probably just crossed his little skinny ass. And what do you want to go away from me? You see, huh? Do you want to give away a permanent ticket? Well, where are we going to get him? I'll take you from the other show. What, Whitman? Scott, are you listening to what he just said? I sure did. This is the same man who told me, see, you see, just because I'm the old man, you think my Alzheimer's kicked in. You just got through tell me the power hour and a half that you have nothing to do with it. It's not that you're not. With the placing, though, but I could take it away from the other show, though. How can you do that? I'll scratch off the thing and put no, you don't have a giveaway. You'll scratch off your thing? Yeah. Yeah, that's because I'm not there to watch. You get the way you want. You get the way you want. You get the way you want. Give away a pair if you want. Well, let's, you've good, and this a long time ago, you little spick. Yeah, but it's much more fun the other way. Oh, I see. Just a torture and time. See, it's like basically saying to our audience, well, screw you people. You're not the sports nerds. So you'll have to tune into the mad dog or the hump or one of those to get said, and these for tonight. Well, they're ready to move into here, so. Are they for the night's game or what? They are there, but that's the point. No, the fact that there already tuned in the here means we'd like to be warned them for being a lawyer listeners, like that last guy to call before that wrote us down and we can't say our return stuff like that. You know, people like that that are nice to us. That's just not all of our people. Just the colors or assholes about 80% of them. But we do have a lot of nice people who listen. It's like when you start going to lose a peer appearances, it's like, oh, gee, this is the new Rogers crowd. No, those are the groupies, the groupies 90% of people are from a mental institution. Well, somebody said that. Troy said that. Who? Troy. Troy. He was scared that they had brandy. Oh, where were he ought to be scared of brandy? So, okay, that's his hood. Neil. Yes. Nice people who listen, right? Yeah. How come they don't call? Because, let me ask you how many times have you called a talk show in your life? Well, he's a talk show guy. He's called many times. You have that 30. What? You have your talk show collar? No. How many times did let me ask you again? How many times have you called a talk show in your life? Okay, let's go to Miguel. Okay, why you're thinking about that? Yeah, I'm adding them up. How long ago, how many times have you called a talk show? Never. Never. How many people do you know other than the groupies that come to our appearances? How many people do you know who call talk shows? Ever. No, no, no, no. I'm not gonna ask you anymore questions because with you, there's only questions. There's no answers. There's just dead air. That's gonna be your new nickname. Mr. Dead air. By the way, most people have a life. Especially, this show was on in the middle of the day. It's not like we're on like late at night when all the drugs and some, and I just want to call 80K and find out what the, the, the cover to spread on the ball game. Stuff like that. This is a, right in the middle of the day, most people have a life. That's not true. Well, that's our, well, Sam and Toronto. I forgot. Most people here have a life. I wonder if that leaf game is not again. What are those exhibition games? A leaf lunch town that can build that bone cast. Let's open for our nights. It's a leaf lunch on leaf steve. I can just imagine stuff flow to Panthers TV. The Panthers with their own TV network. Well, I can just see that. They're hitting the ticker or harm. And what's on this? Oh, there's the Dan Snider's to rig and verse that all the way. Atlanta one last night for Dan Snider to one. Do you see that? No. The thrashers one to the one and they, they dedicated the victory to Dan. He's up there in the sky or he was somewhere. How many girls Danny Heatley score? So anyway, how many times did you call talk show Scott? Oh, about 30. Nine. Because see, we'll give away a pair of tickets this arc. And now the phones are starting to like vibrate. Look at it. Look at the, look at the, look at the, look at the vibrating. But we'll get to them eventually. For some of these games, right, for getting out. Let's see, because it's tied to the game of peace. So that means they definitely will be a game five. That is correct. Good. That is correct. That is correct. That could be the side of the game after the Marlins kicks a mask tonight and again tomorrow. That could be the clinching game that sends the Marlins to the world serious for the second time in franchise history against the ackeys. Don't want that. Now you're not going to be rooting for the ackeys if the Marlins went on the series, are you? Of course I am. You're going to be rooting for the Yankees against the Marlins. I'm not, I'm not even going to the game tomorrow night that I have tickets for because I'm going the brewing game. I thought it was the Panthers brewing game. Yeah, he's going to the brewing game. That the Panthers game. Right. Those are where your tickets are going, man. Boy, I'm going to tell you something, Mr. U. Oh, boy. And your free parking. Just wait till you come to my house for more hockey tickets. Okay. Casino, Mohrl, Steve Win is one of the people who know Sigfried Anne. Roy, the best. He's one of the duo's closest friends and hired the illusionist when he built the Marazza 90. He even built a special theater just for their show for Sigfried Anne Roy. When given exclusive interview to Las Vegas, channel 8, I witnessed New Zanker Gary what they'll Wednesday. He says that what happened Friday night was a fluke. Something that should have never occurred. And something that no one could have foreseen, he continued to say that even as Roy was being carried off stage by the tiger. He was saying he didn't want to think to have it on the cat. Even though Win was an in Idaho Friday night when the incident happened on stage, he was one of the first people called. He flew home Saturday morning and then went straight to the hospital to visit Roy. He then began the task of trying to figure out how something like this could have it. Now, wait till you hear this. This convoluted. This is amazing. And maybe he's right. I don't know. We don't know about the ladies. The ladies with a big freaky hair. Win said for sure that Montecor didn't attack. Roy. Foreign. He said that reports that Roy was attacked our false. A string on fortunate events led to the tiger carrying Roy. Offstage is if he were a cub. Montecor would never attack Roy in a way the tiger was trying to protect him. He said. Win spoke to many people around the scene and piece together the following new information. So I guess you've already heard this right? Yes. As as fascinated and distracted by woman with a big hairdo in the front row. Instead of Montecor going down facing forward with Roy. He did a 90 degree turn. Kind of like the way that parents does with the beast and face sideways toward the woman with a big hairdo for whatever reason Montecor was fascinated and distracted by the guests sitting, ringside. Montecor got down on all fours and put his 26 inch head for which is away from the woman. She thinks this was adorable and part of the show and she reaches out and tries to rub him under his chin. Meenwile is talking and sees this move that's way wrong all the way around as usually her throat fellow that he is. Jump between the woman and the tiger. At that point, try to get the tiger's attention by pulling back on the leash and saying no no no no come on get up. Get up Montecor is if to say no I'm not ready yet doesn't respond. Meenwile continue to command him to get up. The tiger gently reached up and grabbed Roy's right arm with this jaws between Roy, elbow and wrist in a very gentle way. Roy did not receive as much as a scratch on his arm nor was his costume torn. That's how gentle Montecor's grip was on Roy. This behavior is similar to how a house cat or dog might react as a gentle warning without hurting the person it loves. Meenwile loudly commanded the cat to release its grip by saying no no no no no no release release several times. He had a whack him with the rubber microphone several times to try to get to take it release the grip. This didn't hurt the tiger but did make a loud noise. Meenwile continue to pull on Montecor's leash not realizing that the cat had put its big paw behind one of his legs. Now, roll! Balls backwards on stage over the paw of Montecor lying flat on his back. Four stage hands rush out and jump on the cat. Montecor gets confused he's supposed to be with walking off stage what's going on here he wonders. That's what to the meenwile. He's lying down in front of him with his feet toward the audience his head toward the curtain. Montecor gets up at his cool as a cucumber. Leans over and picks up Roy. Like a cub on the right side of his neck not a bite not a tacky picks him up. There was no damage to Roy. Steck but there were two puncture wounds and one of these those teeth went through Roy. Vertibral artery severed it with the one behind his neck that's what caused the stroke and massive bleeding putting in a near death situation. Montecor picked up Roy. If all the excitement of walks with perfect blocking corner of the act does his exit at the right speed right off stage left and goes into his cage which is where he goes to get transported home. Locker good boy. He goes into the cage and tries to bring Roy and with him stage hands backstage user technique that made Montecor release Roy a close that around Montecor and Roy. They bleeding on the floor. Then Roy is rush to UMC. What I'm not sure is that the animal was acting can protect Roy. He explained that during a lethal attack a predator's instinct is to violently grab its prey by the neck vigorously shakes his head snuffing the neck of its prey. This is not what happened. That's what kind of used to do like with little little lizards you know. Ever see a dog grab a hold of something like take it like violently like. Ever see that? Yep. I'm very wide-tail was with Steve when he got a call from Bertie human. He's a big freak and roar manager. Human said they had just brought Roy. Oh, this is that today. They just brought Roy. Dog to visit in the hospital and that. Have responded by petting his dog. How do you like that? So he's making a little bit of a comeback there. You've serviced to the bastards and wasn't I just talking about dogs only moments before I tell you I'm scary. Ignomistic of I really am. Just look at me. Definitely. Twelve minutes past one. So what's the deal? We're giving away a pair of tickets for Sunday's game in the cover of the Cubs in the Marlins. A PP Park? If he's so assist. What's going for the goose is good for the dandarane it? How's wrong with you people man? You sports nerds, you silly ass bastards. If it isn't sports, it isn't crap. That should be the bumper sticker if we had any which we don't. That should be the QM bumper sticker. We only have the O'Rajors on because we need to because of those numbers and all the money he's bringing in. But if we really had our brothers, we'd like to stick that old fag and lake Ontario and ship his float as old body off the strong moral hospital in Rochester where he was born a hundred years ago. That's what they'd like to do. They'd like to discard all of us but we're just like a necessary evil. That's the way they look at it. That's why this business blows Greg. It blows. One thirteen, how is the Miriam O'Rajors fan doing? She's got 101 votes which of these people do you most strongly believe it's successful or has the job because of their skin color? Miriam 101, Condoleezza 79, Justice of Clarence Thomas. Clarence token Thomas 63 and then it's weighed on MNM15, O'Rajors 13, Brad Cummala Rehgubbleful J. Fee Ler 3, Donovan McNam still has three and John and Coquins got a pair. I'll talk about a pair of really interesting people. Tom Lamin and Joe Prieto. There are real pair. And Haliponex GMC and they'd like you to know that the 2003 Neo Rogers blow out sale is still going on right now at Haliponex GMC. Rich yourself the lowest prices anywhere in town at Halip. Here's Neil number one. Save up to $7,000 as Haliponex, the highest rebates of the year plus deep, deep down in your petal loonies discounts. On our remaining 2003 models included the Yukon and the Onboy XL. Neil Neil number O'Dowes skids your percent financing for up to five years. And listen to this, you can lease yourself a fully loaded 2004 Grand Prix GT at Haliponex right now for a mirror 259 bucks a month or 36 months with 12,000 miles a year and you pay only 25 her bucks out of pocket. And Haliponex always is they've had for a long time over 35 years. An unbeatable selection of certified pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs that you can bet scots life on that's how good they are. And if credit is a problem like we're out scotch Jr. there or for like maybe once to hung out with you to force, maybe you still like hang out at the Indian joy. If you have a credit problem, it's very rarely a problem at Haliponex because they'll work with you real close and personal make sure you get a deal. It's the 2003 blow out sale that's going on right now at Haliponex GMC 134-01 South Pixie Highway that's US wanna cross in the falls open every day seven days a week. If you want more info on these great deal deals called the Neil Deal Hotline toll free at 1-Triple 85344211. That's 1-Triple 85344211 don't forget all these Neil deals submitted to credit to publisher, friends and Haliponex for all the details. That's Haliponex GMC who definitely be professional grade. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. Coming up next on Queer Eye for that tell us, Diny and Guy. We make over, yes, there are a lot of people trying to take over the PLO again from that Mohamed Muacazane. If he's to succeed, he needs some help. No kidding. I mean, what is up with that do rag? I mean, it's so 5 minutes ago. Really? And that's drag-ily beer. Who are you? It's going to be our biggest challenge ever, but we're ready to scrap that drag-board drop and transform, yes or from a Ringo star, look alike too. Well, he's still going to look like Ringo, but just cleaner. We need to do something about those glasses too. Oh, we're going to be doing just a ton of things. From the next Queer Eye for that tell us Diny and Guy. Thursday night tonight. 119 at 5-6 to the Elatisian and Gallup pool. Democratic contenders for present. Grassley Clark 21 percent Howard Dean 16 percent John Kerry who looks old in scary 13. He's tied with Julie Berman with 13. This is nationwide. Dick and Hart only 8 percent for Dick. Al Sharpton 6 percent Carol Mosley, Brown, Brown, Ford. 2 percent for John Edwards and Huziyama and Dennis Gocenich has got about 6 people who know who he is and who's who might let that. That's it. Right? Okay. And Bobby Graham he's already dropped down. What a shame. We like you, Bobby Graham. We respect you. We like to appreciate your honesty. He did a good job in exposing these fascist. We got in there right now and all the bull crap and about the fact we got all these other terrorist. We ought to be worried about that. So on, but nobody's paying no attention to because they're worried about Kobe Bryant. Ball games and what's the other thing? What's end, Joe millionaire. And right. And of course. Oh, exactly that little pretty cat. Now how do we want to give this pair of tickets away? Is this going to put you on the outs with clearance? No. In addition to which when you say you can you can change from one of the other shows, how many pair just had a curiosity? Not that this is certainly my business, but I'll make it my business. How many pair of tickets are you given away? One for show. So who's tickets you're going to take away? They're going to piss somebody off then. Well, mad dog yesterday says he listened. So I'm going to take her from hammer. He listened to this show. Right. He does listen to the show. Hank listens to the show. Are you crazy? Damn it. He's sure not listening to Rome. He's not going to make them a stick again. Remember, last guy I was on was Rome. That's a boot. Yeah. Hank did it first. All I'll be forgave him because we like Hank. But in the other case, we hate the other one. That was on her consorting with the enemy. Oh, well, I didn't check the affiliate list by do listen to whatever day. Oh, man. Brother, talk about London. I was another guy with a corner. I'm bigger part of it. That was somebody else. Not Rome. Whoever the hell what? What difference is it make who was he there he goes correcting me again. So you're going to take a more. Yeah, I don't want to be. Go. Think about the helper. That's not right. Take it away from Hank. Well, I can't take it from the morning show. They're already gone. I did mowgivow way of peer this morning. Yep. Let's take away the peer. Let's find out who they probably got him in a. I'll front at the desk. Let's deal. Huh? I'm on it. Yeah. Let's deal the ones that mowgivoway. And just we'll give him away instead of somebody else. Because anybody who listens to mowgivoway show is our enemy anyway. So we hate them like poison. So I'll go. Yeah, you know what I'm saying? Absolutely. You piece of crap. You. Now we can't do that because that can you imagine the scene he would make then. Oh, oh my god. He probably he'd probably fall out of the broadcast booth in Jacksonville Sunday. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Probably have a party. So anyway, we'll take the homperies tickets. He's not going to worry about it. Okay. Is he? You think? No. I don't want to ruffle his feathers, man. I mean, you know, it wouldn't be right. You mean to say a big shot station like ours doesn't have. I mean, what about my tickets for this serious series? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Now, how do I go to get those? And what if John decides he wants to go to the game? Well, I should like I said, let's give away hangs to get screw hang. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. You know what I'm saying? I'm not going to take your personal, but screw you, you know? It's like anything else, you know, first online, first come first serve. We got him. We're going to grab him. So all right. If the tables were turned, he'd do the same to anything. Wouldn't it? No. Well, too bad. 5 to end. Let's see. A lot of little lines are fominate them out there. They're all ringing like crazy. I have to say how to do it, though. Because if we're going to steal hang tickets and give away a pair of tickets for Sunday's Marlon Coggan, we should at least do a creatively and to kill some really good time, shouldn't we? Yeah, you got about, you know, 40 minutes. Oh, God, almighty four minutes to kill. I feel like I've been here 100 hours today. With all the respect to Scott, see, it's not my yellow hat's a problem today. It's Scott. I mean, who, at least you have the same answer to any question that anyone will ask you on his show. You know what the answer is? That's it. You just do it. You just do it. Dead air silence. The silence is silent. How many times you call the talk show Scott? Yeah. What was the attendance at that, uh, in a matter of what the question is, it's the same response. Yeah. Silence. Dead air. And Robby started to play Robert Greeper drop and see there. If you want to keep this job. Another white wing piece of turrets. See what Miguel is right wing piece of crap. But we like him. But in a Robert Greeper's case, we don't like him. In addition to what he was, he's associated with that guy in early morning. Show. Absolutely. We just follow he ate more too, like poison. Robert Greeper hates you, but because I know you're listening. Do you know what all your shows do? What is it? They wrap it a month. Why don't we give the tickets to whoever donates the highest amount to, uh, then the rescue. No. We don't, we don't play the, see, you know what they're doing. No. We don't do that. I hate doing that. That's just, I understand where you're coming from. That would be nice. But, uh, no. Okay. By the way, you think Moses, uh, I'm listening. I know it. Fine. We hate you, Mo. Everybody, we just took a poll at you, the animus. We took that survey yesterday about the recall, Mo. Even more than gay Davis. They want you out. Right now, OUT, marching orders here for you, Mo. Out. Thank you very much. I appreciate that. No problem at all. And don't come back from Jackson, really there. Absolutely. Idiot. Oh, now look at this. I see he's on the menu on the thing for next week for Monday morning. How's he going to do that? How's he going to come back all the way from Jacksonville? And be able to do a Monday morning show. Does he like his beauty rest? So now what are you saying? What we ought to do is like put all these people. I'm mobile-see. WC, WC, wham, hello. Yeah, the ill. Yes, sir. Uh, I got so noose for you. Maybe you know more right now. Okay. You, you're pregnant back in town. Who's the, uh, the show on the NBC? Who's that? Yeah, we know that's old news. Plus you're too old, too. No, no old people are going to get to take it for me. Okay. If you're over the age of 100, uh, forget about it. Of course. I love cutting on you. What is Arnold playing the band's or what are you going to tell you is play? What an idiot. What an asshole, man. Just unbelievable. I think they deserve mouth there. That's what they want. They got him. I think the punk that Claudia stood at even who's an idiot. I think he was right. Why should we worry about her, right? Right. This because it's another right when fascists take over. Another way to undermine the electoral process. Why now should we care? We'll get all these important ball games coming up. And you know what else is coming up? Even more important than a ball games. Damn, it's the only reason I wish that I was there right now. Tonight, Pompatopark opens its 40th anniversary season of Great Honest Racing. Tonight. Don't forget we got a new post I'm at Pompeo, 705 P.M. for the first race. Polka room is open from noon till midnight. Every live racing day, including right now as I speak. If you like her, poker. Pompatopark open seven days and nights a week featuring the best in harness, urban hall action, sign the casting from all across North America for you to watch. And of course, plunge your lungs on. And don't forget to be honest. And don't forget that general parking is here. All mission always free at Pompatopark. New this season at Pompatopark. A 20% increase in versus a nightly giveaway of a $400 betting voucher. And a revamped free power player rewards program that gives you points where the betting the horses or playing poker that you can redeem for special gifts and betting vouchers. And opening night tonight the first 500 fans ADT and over will get a free $2.00 pick for a wager special dollar night beer for beers, hot dog sodas, and lots more plus. Tonight is family fun night at Pompatopark with free mini horse rides and pay spainting. A live radio broadcast from some bogus radio station and free drawings to get into the money machine with a $1,000 inside. And you can also win CScape winners slash cruise tickets at Pompatopark. Lots of reason to get there plus you won't miss the volume because you can watch the Marlins and a cubs tonight and tomorrow also at any of the over 1000 TV sets all around the track. So plenty of guts enjoy the ball game have a great time. Maybe you're lucky when some of those prizes at Pompatopark the block set of the landing power up bullet apart on power line road for the new racing schedule called 972 2000 or go on a web at Pompatopark.com don't forget opening night tonight first time post time for the first race 705 at Pompino Park. Rye in local tire near sports video 560's you and you a M. Oh, Lake how Neil Rogers and right the cubs start the app. Oh yeah, yeah you too well go the have a good day of paradise. Okay. There get lost your pumpkin bottom. You are a David. Yeah, that's right. The star stage screen and paradise saying you look like what's capable it. That's your size will jail. Yeah, but you're dead. So are you. I can't get behind the car. Oh, I see. I see. What do you want to know? What are you going to take? Hands off the mic and dice. Stream of you. Oh, right. All right. So open the smoke is down here in the garage. Hey, what do you require of me? I require you drop your pants. Now see here right now. Drop your stools. Drop your under here. You're like it. Okay. You're gonna trunk here. That's nice. Sit. Yeah. Oh. Now. The squeal on the peak. Squeal on the peak. Holy. squeal. See that's kind of nice. Yeah. I get good. We're going. Don't I get a dinner? We're going. Oh, that's 30 to a five 60 WCM. You know the lines are like smoking that we're going to give it to these tickets away. Or wouldn't you think that if they really deskt. There're going 2500 bucks a piece. Now where are these tickets? So these like pre-mote tickets are like the plates. Huh? I'm not saying where they are. Oh, they're banned. They're like the balls, right? There are no green tickets. Yeah, they're out there. But still if people want to like scelty, they'd probably get like what? 500? 400? Exactly no matter if they'd like they're in the they're in the ballpark we're not gonna say exactly We're they're not like right behind where a wing was supposedly sitting right behind the dugout But they're in the ballpark. Yeah And that's it, but I don't I don't even see line nine ringin. I'm let me do this other star Which I find most interesting right on the heels of the first one about Steve win Animal experts say tiger meant to kill bro now we're talking Animal experts to yesterday disputed a theory and had a tiger accidentally Mwad Maldor horn of the duo sick freed end Roy saying the 600 pound animal was going for the jugular Kind of like something and Coder or mispudge would do going for the jugular The cat was tried to protect him sigonathan craft who runs the Arizona based non-profit group Keepers of the wild that was a typical killing bite he said I admire the guys that just think they're sitting a wrong messagecraft said the message needs to be these are wild animals Not that these are people they ought to be that the creatures ought to be taken them as a pet like that asshole in the York We're trying to recreate the garden of eaten He's lucky that the line didn't decide he was gonna be eaten him or take whatever it all was Horn's partner secret fishbockers said went to interviews on CNN and ABC that the animal have been tried a help Horn after the illusion is slipped during Friday's performance Fishbocker said he was back stage when the worldwide tiger named Monica or took hold of horn's neck and dragged him off stage They must know that that been about to just putting the last name on here and not putting bro Thank you very much for doing that whoever wrote this story at AP Showworkers said our fire extinguishers to distract the tiger within scory to his case now that's not what the other story from Steve Winstead at all Was it? The other story said he'd like finished off the act in doodifully when right to his cage and tried to drag Right in here with him Fishbockers said horn muttered after the attack don't harm the cat Lewis Dorfman a Dallas animal behaviorist said fishbockers a kind of an accidental molly was a beautiful story, but it just doesn't wash Stress led to the bites had dork and it works with the international exotic feel-in sanctuary and Texas It was an outlet for his irritation bro, got lucky sick for it and If you'd in 1940 at the Mariah Johnny on the on the on the amazing critical condition Alan Feldman Carson the full story probably won't be known until horn can talk So there we go this story says the animal the animal expert say that the tiger meant to kill him meant to kill his ass You got agitated an at that point just to decide it for the attack. He always a wild animal Right Kind of like somebody else used to work for us. Oh, but he didn't have the same name 5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon marvelous line anybody want to appear of tickets to the Marlon cub game of five of the NLCS Sunday and what time is that game? I'm looking on the schedule. Oh, it's a 440 is the first pitch Because we got boy we got the dolphin is an ambithing that often gives a lot of clock games I'm not a touch 7 What 30 right? Dolphin games at once or has to be after that 430 I'm looking right here mr. Hachat. I'm looking right on the next week schedule. Don't mind me. What an asshole man. Yeah Right here is the revised schedule doff sent it to me What's running and one thing about miss Lindsay he or my mistakes okay? Doff good off this incident right That's fine Who dolphin's it Jackson billet one Oh, you're well, this is got really pissed them off. Oh, you know you're on the why? Because he's supposed to the usual 80 hour post game show they got like really hurry it up Locker room show is only 35 minutes 4 to 435 and it's gonna be short neck of the game that runs it for anyway It's just gonna be mad dog going come on going All right like that if they win And of course if the dolphin should lose the Jackson bill which is highly unlikely because it's a girl's it then he'll just have time to say And then we got the dolphins point oh I see they're moving it over to 790 so there's still gonna get all the spots in Marlins on deck oh this doesn't make oh this this is nothing. I mean headache look at this No 435 till 7 we're still running the 80 hours of post game extra against you for the dolphin game But that'll be on waxy 790 the Marlins on deck is on waxy 790 from 4 to 440 But then you got to turn over to 560 for the actual Marlin cub game 5 on as oh Jesus God And then of course well it's just too complex for me. I can't handle it too much well this game will be here bottom light On QAM right and the dolphin game will be on QAM correct Okay, let's do the break and then we'll give away a part tickets to the game on Sunday. Okay. I'm not really sure I just go up and down the lines and I'll see who sounds like the deserve it that old fart that was a Hacomie about who was he talking about some old the Cooot Some old friend of mine. What was he talking about Exactly see that's how memorable it was don't call us again So we don't talk to anybody over the age of death 21 till 2 at 560 WQ if you want to replace that tired Sad worn out old carpeting in your home. Let me tell you about a great alternative lemon serus This is the easy low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring which is so damn expensive Lemon serus which is not so damn expensive is the best smartest place to find lemonade wood flooring from perid or a Purgle Wilson art uniform quick step and all of their flooring at lemon seruses installed by people who really know their crap Purgle certified installers Here's another good reason why I should call lemon serus to prices are so low. It'll positively florea Right now you can get their falls special for just 14 number 95 bucks just 14 95 gets up to 295 square feet of beautiful Lemon it would flooring which is positively on Bealvable and lemon a terus will match any legitimate written offer to if you want to a free and a homestimate no obligation Call lemon serus and tell me cranky old kneel toward it. He call one eight seven seven seven seven 33 36 is a piece of cake they give your feet carpet disposal free furniture moving a 25 year warranty and Long years of beautiful easy care Lemon it would flooring column today lemon a serus is a tool free call 1 877 777 33 36 The also I might as well have one with you too Sam Tanna you've heard him play his granny performance with raw Thomas and on the latest hit with Michelle Branch Everybody wants Santana on their song so we've compiled a city collection of every artist Santana has ever played with like M&M The defeat chicks Andrea the celly It's and Hannah's lips for everyone's CD including unrelate tracks from Carlos and John Tash with some day your journey will end Well Yes, he's a guitar playing the horror who will play with anybody except of course Kelly Clarkson No way man, Santana's lips for everyone order now and receive a personalized bonus track where Santana plays your very own birthday song Happy birthday Go now it's 16 till two. How come we can't give away eight cappones tickets? He doesn't have any no, but what else he chop the other? Yeah, much God what about the big oh One's intro Not any time soon. I'm looking on the schedule. I don't see any time soon to which we say all right Chomeless to beat nip by one of his victims in Tampa jail cell which we also say A convicted Chomeless to his beaten unconscious by one of his past victims. Oh my God Well, I shared a jail holding cell authority said how do you like that? Nice The the former victim a 22 year old man being held on a probation violation recognized Kevin Kinder As the man who abused him and three other boys when he was only 11 years old he jumped on Kinder Ponce him repeatedly and knocked him unconscious yesterday said the man's lawyer Ricky Escobar right out Can No, it's such a fluke that these two ended up in the same place at the same time so the former victim's mother Judy Corinette Oh she makes great bathroom tissue And she planes a mean Chimbal and the Skin a Corinette But think about how my son feels she said he was fine able to confront kindergarten fight back after 11 years I think it's damn therapeutic we say you go boy rest on Neither man's jail paperwork indicated their history so they were inadvertently placed in the same cell What about 65 of them you see the way God works you work some mysterious ways man This asshole got what fourth Kinder 31 of serving 60 years in state prison on a probation violation After serving six years from molesting the four boys he was in Tampa for a hearing lovely excellent both men suffered minor injuries Beat the crap bottom okay and by the way why you're beating on him just say hey, remember father Gagan Kill Bill is in the theaters today you see it yeah, no What I'll not I'm here well the way the show is going I'd be watching a movie instead now now here's the review by Joel See go live ABC news. I don't know Joel see it was a I don't know what we had all the same Because all the movie reviews you have to take with the greatest salt depending whether they're like cryptic a Serbic He says here's the deal kill. Well supposed to be one movie when they started putting it together Then it was way too long so they cut the movie in half and coincidentally That's what happened to most of the actors too They also got cut in half Quentin Tarantino gave us pulp pulp fiction a great film according to Joel Siegel that tells me a lot He said an effect that in kill Billy was gonna make an action film and leave out the slow parts He did he left out big parts of the story We don't need to know who these characters are what they're doing and why they're trying to kill each other To resolve is all kill no bill Technically it's terrific it looks great and the fans will love it the sound deserves an Oscar I think Tarantino is a genius but I'm not sure I want to be alone in a room with them Uma Thurman is a member of the deadly Viper assassination squad But when she tried to quit other members try to kill her when she comes out of a four-year coma she seeks revenge a dish director Tarantino serves with ketchup Kill Bill is the bloodiest most violent film I've ever seen to which we say The violence is over the top so super operatic that it becomes cartoony and borders on fun But is that what Tarantino wants? I think so but because we never know anything about why these people are trying to kill each other There's no way to tell this film is a sad tear on violence or a celebration of violence I can't pass just been on a half a film any more than I could review a play if I'd only been allowed to see the first act of review a book If I were only allowed to read every other page great in complaints his Joel Seagull and ABC news take it with a great assault But he does say It's the most violent film he's ever seen oh So there you go Those of you who like gore and blood and guts out gore Hey wake up out you lost Here's the result in our policy it was like stalling and stalling and stalling the song No, I took it's which in these people do you most drop? But what time did you tell me we get about 45 minutes ago, right? But now we're going yeah Oh man can I do it or what? Which of these people do you most strongly believe is these success for has a job because of their skin color Miriam elephant the election supervisor in Broward County Wow, they hate her 125 say get lost honey kind of leaves in 91 clearance Thomas 74 offers got only 19 M&M 17 Brian c. 11 Greg gumble five he's awful man all use sports nerds out there What you be thinking about God and in fact that isn't just because of skin color because he's very light-complexed like his brother But if he wasn't Brian gumbles is there any chance to be on him now and he's the leads football guy and CBS he blows he is pathetic Donovan McNad 5 JP Ler 4 a Johnny Cochlan 4 out of 155 votes. Okay. Let's get to it show me Okay, what do you want to do the break first go for the break first? Yeah Now listen we're not yanking your chain. I mean we that would be even even I could do that We're gonna give way of purt tickets for game five McGill says they're like in the ballpark. I mean you may have you have in a hangover the upper deck But they're in the ballpark Come G is sport again and today And many guns that palettes river please is you. Guns, some dimensions, you're a human. You, your guns, it into hills of kids for the NRA guns. For me, which looks like you. G, is for the boring things you can do. You is under evulcated in breadcuts. And is for the NRA, that spells out ways as you will say. See, easy to get more of all the death that you were done. Guns, you killed her. All of her, you. But with the fact you're a human being, so you. You must like her, they get it. When you feel it, please don't break it. It's guns. We're made to kill you. Guns are made of much like you. We're made to kill you. We're made to kill you. 155 at 5.60. Nobody killed me. Almost back there. I was into a corner. Why is that? Well, we almost ran out of time before giving away a hand stick. I mean, our tickets. That would be just awful. That would be really bad. You see, Clarence, you really pissed me off. I hope you're listening to you little puts. How come Mo had a pair? And for all had a pair before they chopped them off. And the hopper has a pair. And the mandogs got a pair, right? Well, what the hell are we like? Chop liver? Yeah, small potatoes, I guess. WQA, I'm taking a line. Yeah, let's get in the mix. You want to be in the mix? Yeah. You've been in a game yet? I spent four hours online last week and couldn't get a ticket. Okay, hang on, man. You got them. Was that easy? Wow. Wow, great. No problem. Why do you sound like a reasonable guy? Don't they? Well, they all do when they're being nice. No, no, no, no. How about that old fart that was kind of our rich Sanchez? That guy was, no, he was a old college. I don't, of course, that guy probably didn't even know about the tickets. He probably thought that we're tickets for Scougons or something. Who the hell knows? So there, that took care of that. We didn't need to have a lot of time left at the end, right? That's it. But no, it's not it. Yeah, we got three and a half minutes. If you wanted to be it, I mean, I'm ready right now. I got my shirt on. I meant this is the guy who gets the... That's the guy that gets the tickets right there. He's not just in the mix. What do you want me to do? Do a big melodramatic thing out of it? No. It's a couple of tickets in the upper deck. The guy's probably going to like a swoon. He's going to need to bring a tank oxygen with him. Well, they're racing the field. That's that. Why do you have him still on hold there? We got three and a half minutes. Listen, you were talking to the guy the same thing. You don't need to listen to me anymore. Okay, you're... this is it. You're done. I mean, what do you... And then you don't have to play this with a little cutie like your does. Okay, after the idea, you're only... Don't feel compelled to do that. Okay. That's the fun. Huh? That's half the fun. What's the other half? When you're dealing with Scott Junior there, what's the other half of the fun? Oh, she's right. I'm trying to show in. If we go home, it's the weekend, right? Okay. So do whatever it had you want, but at least be in touch with that guy. Don't think that I'm yanking with him and give him the tickets. So I hope you enjoy it. And join a game pal. Hope that's the game tomorrow and Zaraff at all up. Because not that I'm a... I'll say it again. I'm not going to be a phony. I don't really watch that much baseball. I don't care about it no more. But it's just something nice that can happen in South Florida. There's so many miserable, hateful, nasty people. And so much crack that goes on. And alien and the hanging chads. You know the stuff. And it hurricanes and it hurricanes. All of these things. So how many people they had there for the your whole barking? For the what game? For the your game against FIU. How about the money? Dayd game. How many people they have for that? Oh, see no. That was a sellout. How about for the Broward Community College, the BCC game? How many they have their hurricanes for that? About 40 people? You're so full of crap. Oh, the hurricane. So all of a sudden. I'm going to tell you this whole thing started because I've been around a little bit longer than you, including in this down. Just a little bit. And when this whole thing started with them with becoming a professional football factory as opposed to anything. Else it's just playing old Santan you, which they used to be. It was notorious. If they were playing like Notre Dame, Florida or FSU, they'd have a huge crowd, orn's bullpacked. And if they play any of the lesser lights, it was like they'd like you to get 15 to 20,000. That way they started when all these national championships and it became like an obsession. And it became the thing, the in thing to do to everybody jump on a bandwagon. Dan all of a sudden they started running like more people for even lesser lights. But not sold out. It was my favorite start of the whole thing. Well screw him, Angie me Johnson. Hey Jimmy, you okay and Wayne high pingo. Wayne don't be darkening our airways no mole. Speaking of darkening our airways, which of these people do you most wrong? We believe it successful has a job because they're skin color, merriom, elephant man. I'll 300 to 77 votes, merriom's leading the pack. 130 votes, they hate you honey. And she refuses to go away. And of course she's got a bunch of militant people supporting her. And that's why she's still there. Ask her for more money. Right. And firing everybody inside. Condolees are rice 97 clearance Thomas 79, M&M 20, Oprah 19, Brian Gumble 11, Johnny Cochrane 7, Donovan Mcdeve, five Greg Gumble 5, J. Fiedler for a quick lesson for Scott Junior there all where he's on the phone. Quick lesson in word association. You know, a Notre Dame quarterback Brady Quinn. Who's my favorite quarterback? Tom Brady. Who's the coach of the Toronto Maple Leafs? Pat Quinn. Bye bye. Bye bye. Stop with the damn K-Core. I'm listening.