That's like saying that Martin Grammatic is tough. He couldn't beat my whack off. I'm about to rapist. The rapist is done. They gotta take down them billboards now. I'm not talking about the Miami rapist and talking about the Playskiger rapist. What was his name? I don't know. Dallas? Rape thingle. Nah, years ago, the rapist, the one I was about to rapy little girl. I don't remember that. I don't know. You're letting it win it. Scott, your mind's turning to cramp. Well, most youngsters come back. That's the bottom line you said it. But we're making it. At least you make it to work. I'm like, how are he? He shows up like, what? Two-stay? Yeah. Jesus. I mean, when you think they'd put him up like a fan-seeshmacy hotel after the ballgame and then no, him and then on Monday morning, no. I mean, we're number one in man and I did two live reads today. Let me tell you one thing. Okay. You've got 10.2 points in there. I know you can't figure it out, but in the last and the last month, we got 10.2 which means he's got a two and you've got an 8.2. That's what I'm figuring. I, you're always right. I don't know Jack about how you do that math. Yeah. Well, just keep it that way. Well, skip these spends two hours on a toilet. Scott says because of our crack sales department, man, it's with their selling crack. They spend the entire morning on a toilet every day. I go in and around 8.45 and Curtis is in a drop in a bomb in the bathroom. Oh. And I hear that Darine is, uh, he's becoming a dominator. She wants to type McGill on heaven, way with him. Yeah, McGill, cocaine, scum objects. What's his story? Oh, what do you think of the violence now? What a week to go. I think that if there's one empty seat in these last six games in his homestand at the town, you just roll up the carpet and close up. Yeah, and then there's no excuse, man. There is no excuse. Do you think that they'll go and lose the giants in the past? Yes. Do you think that the, uh, the violence, oh, hi, I think it'll go against fairly two and three, maybe? Yeah, they'll, I think they're going to sweep them. Be really? Yeah. So you think that Willis Beach, Millwood type? The top game is tonight with Don Trilk, because he hasn't won a game in what about how many days he'd be since he won a game in the world. He won a game down in San Juan. I just can't say he hasn't won a game in the Cunes days. That's bad. So you make something out of that. How many go try to close the sales deal, because they can't close any? Good luck to you. I good luck to you. You'll need it. Get to get these head out of the square and dance by the way. Why you're out of fact there. Great. It's funny. True, you have a cure. True, soothe me where I'm sore. I've got this real annoying thing on my butt. Right, come. It feels like one of those inflammatory woes. My back size pretty raw, no doubt about it. Sometimes the tears roll down my cheeks. Because my rear is killing me. It's always fair enough. That's why I'm standing up. Because I got him on my wrist. I can't stand down. Oh, right. I wish they were true. It's interwisher's things. And grab my wish and it won't help them go down. I went to the store because it was so sore. I caught that crossbow slaughter to my eyes down. Since I just hear it, it's closed down my cheeks. Because my rear is killing me. Oh, there's Dr. Rice. Dr. Rice. Let's be nice. Let's call Kindlea's Dr. Rice. She was just on their cup. All the veins that are neck like a stand up on end. Like the way Miguel's veins stands up on end when he sees Dorine. Yo. I'm just double-checking to make sure that you're there. Oh, right. We have all these dropouts and glitches there in the beginning. What else going on lately? Who knows? Must be Scott. Must be. I mean, Scott Jr. Yeah. Anyway, speaking of Miguel, he'll be 11-1 today at the Computer Technology Showcase at the Broward County Convention Center. Best in the LCDs will be available in the Howard Mohour Day with a absolutely change. And maybe some of the Jim Mad Dog Manics. Oh, right. Be changed, I'm sure. And you can spin the prize-veal from Arnold's tickets, even though Dorine's a liar. George says he's a freaking liar, and they don't really want to prize-veal any of these places, but she makes... She makes Miguel slip it all in his back because she's hoping to like, you know, bust his back and they won't be able to run. That must be the deal. Does that it? And that's not a bad idea. What can be the other reason? Ah, she likes to order him around. Oh, yes. She wants me to do that. Or does she need to come to work dressed up in leather with a whip and just look with him in the shape? She loves to do it. But she is a liar. That's what the George says Dorine is an effin' liar. He said that several times this morning, and I think he's probably got a good point. Probably learned it from Greg. Got some bad news that we got out. President, that day's going to be speaking to the U.N. And if you're national, yeah. That's about 10-30. I think we're going to carry some. And I will put it on for last for a couple of minutes. I mean, there's whole ratings. His poll ratings are so low now that almost everybody beats him. I think even dead people beat him in the polls. Well, we'd rather have. Yeah, that's right. In fact, that's prop up Adley Stevenson. Well, sure. Sure. Does anybody, even the people who didn't like? Who's some a name of dead president, quick. Let's put your hearing from him and back in there. He wouldn't take any crap. So it anyway, his poll numbers are at all time. Now, he's going with this tail between his legs. And he said that he's not going to be in the least bit apologetic. Well, you're still going to be like lecturing them. I mean, that's going to win the Europeans over real big. You know, like, oh, well, it was a wonderful thing for the world of you. We're going to saw them and you people. You got to learn that the you went, this is what they were saying last night. If you were to become, the you went is going to become absolutely meaningless. And the insignificant unless you people are doing something. Now, same crappy was lecture in last time when I said, no, no, if that's his stick, then maybe you should carry it. Oh, I'm going to put it on. Well, listen, that's what we're here for. The same say the word, oh, yeah, for our pseudo-inlectual audience. Now, let's see, for the most important piece of news that they and I've been just Scott for well, that even have this on a show, Gordon jump died. Aren't you depressed? Um, mildly, I like to. Gordon jump who played to be fuddled radio station manager on the sitcom, W. K. R. P. Winstonetti and made his mark in commercials as the lonely Maytag repair man died Monday. He was 71. Oh, you know, who I'm thinking was the Maytag we primary must have been before him. Was any bracket wasn't it? I know there was more than one. Yeah, any bracket. That's for us old farts. Booker Brian probably remembers that. Any bracket he used to be the Maytag a permanent and then it was Gordon jump. 71. He's suffered from pulmonary fibrosis said is cousin Katherine jump Wagner. Give her jump Wagner. But lately, the illness causes scarring of the era sacks of the lungs leading to heart or respiratory failure. Man, I'll tell you the Lord sure works in mysterious ways, then he's created all these diseases. It's like all these hurdles that we have to jump over just to get from point A from birth to death. It's to jump all over all these horrible hurdles that the Lord's invented must be our fault. We must have done something wrong. Don't you think? Oh, yeah, karma. And I will say this if we don't raise a thousand dollars. So that I don't know what the real number is. It's got to be about 24 grand for a band of per rescue and I've been banging away on this and banging away. And we're not making a hell of a lot of progress. I'll tell you that right now. It's pretty pretty disappointing to me. To see about a bunch of cheap bastards we got out there in radio land. Speaking of that, okay, this is the curtain. Me normally don't we start getting just just checks from benefactors. You know, 100 here, 500 there. Whenever we do these things, no. No, and when did that happen? Inside the building we get that. We get some of our people inside. Oh, he's going to sell them. They'll be for sure for a well-read nice check to a band of per rescue. There are some wonderful benefactors that always come across with checks. And always, hey, I don't know. People. Like maybe we know the help of such right. For a band of per rescue. You shouldn't be signaling people out matching names. This is your fault. Well, not talking about people. Talk about people that we definitely know. I'm talking about random people. They just send chat. Randy people. Randy ought to help out. Wow! After she saves the world, maybe she can share 50 or 100 bucks, huh? To save a dog. No, seriously. I mean, a band of per rescue is such a good cause. I mean, if you don't like animals, then you're an asshole. Okay, we don't like you. We don't want any party. All right. We wish you'd just go away and die. So there's no reason the world not to be able to say, oh, there's Christian, Amman, poor. They do believe he'll get the required number of votes for a new resolution. Who said that the media's full of crap. That's right. Christian, even though you suck the Pope's ass too hard. Speaking of that, speaking of sucking, what country do you think is the gayest country in the world, friends? And this article, by the way, is from Queen's land news papers. It's just a little coincidence. And this is on this fudge's website, which is also probably another coincidence. On the fudge report. The world's gayest country is another gayest not friends. Odd, Italy. Wow, what do you think's gone? Amsterdam. Amsterdam is not a country you asshole. Try the Netherlands. Amsterdam's in the Netherlands. Say Netherlands. Netherlands. Oh, well, we'll just keep doing the Spain. Thank you for the talk, ladies and gentlemen. All right, Portugal. United Arab Emirates. United States of America. Canada. Ecuador. Try Germany. Really? How about Germany? Mexico. Try England. They got a lot of queens. England. Ireland. Scotland. Mozambique. Nicaragua. Back is staying. Have you seen Chinese? China? India. Do you think it is a great one? We can go a little bit more. Since you're so, you're so far away. Oh, I know where all the flags are. I was thinking of war off Neil. He was just he white that played the Maytag repairman. Oh, it wasn't any black. And but he looked a lot like him. Very good. Jesse White that side. We don't you can't you see him right now. Oh, yeah. Look at him there. There. There we go. Oh, seriously. You remember what he looked like. He looked like he had a black and he character. But the, uh, how do you know what he bracked this? Well, he's uh, Bosomi years old. But anyway, it was Jesse White. He was the original Maytag repairman. And then this jump guy. He, uh, dump the gig. He jumped. He jumped right off into the Ethraland. Maybe Ethraland is the answer to the question. 10 30. The president's going to be going. Oh, please, please help. Baila soft because I got everybody into a bucket of crap. And it smells real bad and people are dying every day. And a country hates me like poison and a world of autonomy and a heaven for a long time. Please, all you insignificant meanless people. Who we are always a rippin' and ass. Please help Baila soft. And I think, uh, well, Christiana says he'll get the resolution. Aah. Oh, Michael, I quickly to take secretary general and answer marks right now. The state and government. Excellence. Excellencies. Ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, okay, he's just the least me really limp. You know, Father, it's after 10 at 5 60 WQM. Here's something a world-leavey limp. All you mortgage shoppers out there. This message could save you a lot of cash. Maybe thousands of dollars. Interest rates for home loans are shooting up like crazy dramatically. But they're still an interest rate available at just 1.95%. That's right. Only 1.95% when you do business with our friends at financial groups. So, column today, 1 8 9 4 0. It's true. The economy changing so if you've been ticking about, we'll find answering your homework. If you want to move up to a better real estate investment, confidential group toll free at 1 8 9 4 0. Here's the kind of payments you'll be making. If you had the kind of 1.95% rate. If you have 100,000 dollars, you'll pay only $168 bucks a month. If you have a $200,000 loan, your payments are only $736 a month. So, confidential group, and you, the low 1.95% interest rate, that most people have only been dreaming and fantasizing about. Call 1 8 9 4 0. That's L-E-N-V, the Renequil housing letter. Credit restrictions apply right subject to change monthly 5.19 APR. Rye and local. Here's sports radio 5.60 chewing. U-A-M. Hey, Here's a special day here at Disney World. When the screening days, make the rest of the girls in the closet. No more, that's what day day is for. It's a day day after. There are always a day of fun when we wear red shirts. And when we all come, you can hear the squirts. We visit Golden Dees with our manicured go-tis. Here's a day day after all. A ride. Holding hands in a adventure. Let's watch the lies. Someone's alley marching back. Will make your wrist straight with a kiss. On the cheek, it's a day day after all. Absolutely. In where tight shorts pay the gold plum. May and where maskara like Italy's ain't. We can mince away as we fancy. Since I shake it's a day day after all. And GM will have the liberty ball. hosted by a real tailor and group ball. Tell me, Urban Lucky Rock. Not to mention Pete like Oct. It's a day day after all. It's a day day after all. Good. It's a day day after all. There's a day day after all. It's a day after all. What's that? Hang in there. A ride. 18 at 5.60. WCM happy Monday 2. So anyway we got all present in. About 12 and it's a 10.30. Speak to the end with his hat in his hand. Please, please. So I got all. Anyway, the world's gang is coming. I figured it out. And I know no matter what it says, you're not going to convince me that I'm wrong this time. Yes. I thought about it. Long and hard. Yeah. The Vatican. No. Well, Vatican isn't a country. It's a state, but it's not a country. All right, I thought about it. But at any rate, more than 17% of Australians are involved in. Oh, you're right. Yeah, right. And ships down under. Thank you. Putting the country equal first. And what is it? And for it, for it's purpose of homosexuals according to a new worldwide survey. The survey of sexual habits by international condom-maker durex found that together with Americans, Australians had the highest proportion of same-sex relationships. At the other end of the scale, Vietnam recorded the lowest proportion of gay-less being relationships at only 3%. The company said Australia enjoyed a busy love life having sex on average of 125 times a year. Squared, squared, squared, squared, squared. On humans came out on top, figuratively speaking, having a sex 150, two times a year, how do you like that? Maybe that's how they make that goulash. You think? Oh, oh, yeah. They're piled ravenant. But Australians were still ahead of Americans at under 18 times a year. It doesn't say how many times Americans have sexier in this article. God, good man. The survey also found phone, text, and cyber sex were gaining in popular in Australia. With 43% indulging in virtual reality sex, in other words, jerking a lot. I mean, this whole thing about cyber sex in virtual. That's just so silly. Yeah. On top of this one, phone sex. What? Phone sex. Remember that? That's what it said. Phone text and cyber sex. You were paying close attention. I do. The company said, taking orgasms was also common in Australia with 47% of respondents that made to do so at least once. This was almost twice the global average of 26%. Now that once this week or just once altogether. The survey found 41% of Australia and many women had sex for the first time because they were in love. And most agreed that more four play would improve their sex life. The company said more than 150,000 people, part of the online survey, which was now in its seventh year, more than 17% of Australians are involved. And not just doing like occasionally doing somebody, no? Or involved in gay or lesbian relationships. Wow. Are you ready for that? No. Yeah, I didn't think so. Wow. What do they call it going down under? Speaking of going down under, thank you very much whoever sent this for this picture of a Brady Quinn, holy Toledo. Not that very good copy that you sent me. I don't think this is also a great picture either. But I saw him live in the flesh. On Saturday and the ass into that the Notre Dame Michigan State game, which is Spartans one by the way. But I almost have a feel bad about it. That's how easy I am. That's what it's soft old touch I am. It's an honest today show. You mentioned that you'd seen part of Notre Dame against Michigan State game. The backup quarterback for Notre Dame is Brady Quinn. And there he is right there with a big smile on his beautiful posts. Even Georgia women he's a pretty guy. Hey, he's pretty guy. He is. He's a true freshman from Dublin, Ohio is supposed to be a phony for a make-belief freshman. Coach, you love that's my favorite sport. What a true freshman. What? Yeah. As opposed to a red shirted, uh, I've been here in the yellow belly, liver, uh, and he's a true freshman from Dublin, Ohio. Probably we named the starter for the next game since the current starter. Carlisle has played poorly and the Irish don't like that in the popgots all porkt off about that when Brady is six four, 210 pounds. He'll have his 19th birthday next month. Wow. Here next month. Here's picture of Brady. You might like it. It says more baby pictures available at in-skud like his long website. It would quarterback heaven dot pro board. Grower to back heaven. Woo. It comes to you. And that put that over my special pile over the right side. Okay, now yesterday's pool. Amazingly now. Maybe this is accurate. I don't know. I don't want to like say anything negative to her because she was a real sweetheart and we loved her dearly. Thanks for calling. But I think that some people got carried away and like goose up this pool somewhat. Who's your all-time favorite dead person not on the previous pools that we took? How many previous dead people pulls did we take? Not third man. Yeah. The thanks for calling lady. Thanks for calling. Wins hands down. Now obviously there were some. Happy plan. Focus votes on air was soon but. Don't take any bulls. From his. 232 votes for the. Thanks for calling. Lady who says. Have the season. Take off. She was great. Walt Disney 85. So she wins. I mean we don't believe the result. But we, yeah, we're pleased with it. We'll take it. We'll take it. 232 for Walt Disney 85. The small potatoes. Mickey Mouse Ben Franklin 76. Albert Einstein 73. Dave Thomas 64. Thomas Kraper 57. I see. Isn't that interesting that they're side by each? Right. Because of eating enough one these you'll surely. Right. Head right for the Kraper. Especially with all that. Right. Oh, all that juice all the fat. What are the guys say yesterday they put in there? Baby food like strain baby. Yeah, something baby beef duty. They put in there. That man. Just delete. And I'll send you straight for the old Thomas Kraper. So Dave Thomas 64 Thomas Kraper 57. Thomas Edison Charles Darwin 54 Edison 43. See your shirt. How can they do that? I mean still a few patents but Jesus Christ. And say baby baby on our veterans. Angely what was it that he used to say? Say goodbye goodbye. Remember that the old Edison. News when he's got a hundred and fifty. And see. And he had a hit like that. That was the one I like. The work for the most. That was a bad. Say goodbye goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye. And I was very sad. Very sad. Carl Sagan 42. Mark 234 Leonardo da Vinci 32 Leo de Caprio. Luckily didn't make our list. Oh, no. I'm luckily did make our list. Because if he would have been on list, that means he would be dead. That's bad. You should be wishing things like that on Leo. Do you? Yeah. We're at leave off. Dr. Robert Atkins 29. The old Slip and Fall Guy. We love you, Dr. Bob. William Shakespeare 21 Ernest Hemingway 19. Nicole a Tesla 16. Henry Ford 7. Johannes Gutenberg 6. Simon Freud 5. Barbara Capitman 4. With her yellow teeth. Louis Pasteur had only three. Are you thinking he did so poorly? Nobody was who that was. Robert Fulton and the old steamboat. The steam, like whatever her name was, she had to. He had to. Charles, now see this is embarrassing because Eric shows his ass to the world again and believe me it's fat and pimply and growtently my fault. What we meant to say was Charles Lindberg. I mean anybody doesn't know Charles Lindberg is got to be some kind of a moron. I don't know whether it's you or Eric or the both of you. But Charles Lindba. I mean don't rush to judgment on that. But that's pretty goddamn embarrassing. Charles Lindberg. Look, look, look, look, look. Remember the Lindba baby? I don't know. I don't know. So anyway, Charles Lindba, and again, we apologize for Eric's ignorance. There are good yellow momma, Kony, which I don't even remember mentioning him. And Alexander Fleming each had one out of nine hundred and some on votes. So that's yesterday's poll and let's smith can it. We got two for today again. The poll I like the best. There was the one that shows Bush way down and Wesley Clark up. Even though, you know, I'm with holding judgment. I'm not going to be one of these quick band wagon jepers. I like the fact that Clark's already had 49.46 movement. The polls. I like that. Aren't you? All right. I'm just don't forget, though. He's an ABB. Oh, what? Anybody but boy. Anybody but boy. Oh, yeah. Absolutely. I'll vote for him a hundred times if I have to. If, you know, next year, if he gets it. But the point of the effect of the matter is he's a little, you know, he reminds me a little bit of kind of like a military Arnold, you know, like, well, what's your position on this? So what's your position on that? Well, I'm going to meet. But I've got to vote for him. And he got the waffle. They're the first couple of days about whether he supported the war. He didn't support the war. He's thinking about it. Maybe he said the wrong thing. So he, you know, he's like all of this full of crap. But he's not bush your right. But we will be hearing from Bush momentarily. So let's do the break. What that'd be exciting. Woo! I want to see the sweat porn office for him. 26 past 10 a QM, hey, speaking to your forehead. If your forehead goes all the way back to the nape of your neck, that means you've got a gigantic bald spot. Here's what you do. Doke a lot and get him. I'll see you looking. Must wear a weasel. It looks like crap. People laugh their ass off. Don't get holes drilled in your head. You'll be bleeding all over the place. Don't take those dangerous drugs. They don't do a damn thing for it. Except take your money. Charles Alfie always got the best hair piece in a business. The latest technology gives you the natural hairline system, the worst like real thing. Like real hair. That's going out of your scalp as opposed to a barnyard animal. Tell from the sky on your head. In business for over 25 years, Charles has been making the wealthy and the slupper's in and between. Look their best because no matter how much you pay, you can't get a better looking hit of hair. And everybody gets Charlie's 30-day guarantee. If you don't love the way it looks and feels, Charlie gives you a full refund. Call today take advantage of your $200 or Neil Rage's discount just for matching my name too. Charles Alfie or a studio as you'll look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again call full free $100, $32124. That's $1,800, $32124, $13, or log under their prestigious website at Charles Alfie or E.com. My life and love this is for 20-56. You and your family. Don't lie. All the hard burn. Don't go, don't every time I see. Don't go, don't go. That free garden in which. Don't go, don't go, don't go. My G.D. Please, breath it and come. Repolicate muscle men and in our cake is easy. I don't know why. They are one and one and you have a nice year. First comes the next four years. Would present in them. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. What I get to you got most on small and get to we all hold it more. Here you are best. Don't go, don't go. Lift strumming, stupid heat. Don't go, don't go. I'm this drug in rich kid. Don't go, don't go. Easy, then. Lumber than me. Your heat's President of the... You don't care what it's all. You got him in my heart from the wrong. I'm the Christian. I don't want to see you and I. But he'll don't be here. We've got a great leader here. With friends at end, though. The president of Brazil is going to speak and in the L-President, the Bushmaster. W is going to be on it. It's like everything else. It's like they told us it was going to be 10 and about. I turned man. I'm 30 nights like, wow, but I beat, but we all are the other crap. Can anybody do anything on time? No. Isn't it always a breath of pressure like for example in Europe, the trains? Most of the time 90% of the time the trains run on time. When you're sitting on that train and you see the little hand hit the big hand and you feel, you know, you hear that whistle go to doors are closing and you feel that thing rolling man. And you see, you think yourself, man, what about, what about a higher even if you know what that means? What a wonderful thing. Like somebody can actually do something on time. Everything, dragging a feet. Well, it's going to be about, you know, just like when you're going to not some kind of a press conference, you know? And well, they keep showing you that they're setting up for it. There's the microphones and there's some engineer coming out there. Fix it is didlin stuff and twisting it around and Bob, Bob removed his doing cartwheels, you know? So I do something on time just once. The whole world's on a Cuban time. Right. That's the problem. Is that what they call a Cuban time? It is. It's true. Okay, the best. Here's our first poll. We've got to get to this before I'll present it. It gets in our, I think we can get the next break in. Well, this is good. We work out well, you know? Because that would be embarrassing. There is, is that the prison of Brazil? But I would have viewed it. I don't know. Block us all the time. Yeah, there's one thing that we don't want to hear. And you won't hear one word of your better not hear. Is this whiny, Aaron Brown? So help me see an end. Certainly not news. They've, they've reached new lows. You know, they got Paul Azan on there. What some guys want to look at Paul? That's okay. She's, she's mediocre. But, uh, whiny, Aaron Brown. I mean, Jesus, K. Christ this guy. Yeah, he's the worst whiner in the history of television. Okay. What a worst red hair piece. I've ever, in fact, today's got, he's got on the part of it is red. What do they, what do they call us? Remember we standing, we have that argument about the shoes. What they call us, uh, oh, the young. Didn't what? Again, not the oxford's the young. Whatever. How they were like, that'll soon. Saddle shoes. Saddle shoes. Is that it? Yes. He's got the saddle. We've gone today. Aaron Brown. It's part red and part black and little green around the edges. He's like a clown, like a freaking circus. Well, he winds all of them. Yeah. I wonder, nobody watches CNN. Okay. You sucked. You people are embarrassment. You're humiliating and degrading and Christian. I'm on poor head at right. You sucked ass man, altering that erecting. You set the whole. Just like CNBC did the gambling channel with, with all those dot coms and forestop of us. Those are guy damn money. And the same thing with CNN, MSNBC. And of course, box was without saying, at least they got an excuse. It's the box Nazi news network. So at least they were living up to their reputation. Bastards. So we don't want to get Aaron Brown's voice on air. If we do just chop it off or something. The best fast food chain. The reason I got it in this, we've done it before long ago. But it's worth it when again, because I got all carried away with that burger King yesterday. Right. And I noticed burger King. Oh, it's only an outscout one. Because the new pulls up there. Twenty eight people already have voted. I voted for Taco Bell, which was tucked between Taco Bell and Wendy's. They've each got eight votes tied. The best fast food chain. Taco Bell's got eight Wendy's eight McDonald's tree. Shame on you. Kentucky fried. KFC's got two. Hardies has got a pair. They're in that many around the heart is pretty good. Let's not hear. Yeah, that's what's not there. Pizza Hut one. Burger King one. Church is one. Boe jangles one. Sonic one. Arby's don't have any. And I don't want to make any comic. Cause I get another host to litter from that asshole. Or a host of all from that smuck that worse at Arby's. The heat's be like poison. And just Tony like it is. Okay. Arby's used to be great years ago. And now it sucks. Slain. And if you have any others you want to put on there feel free if we let anybody in. And then later on a pool. I'll save the other pool. I like the other pool. We never done that before. No, we haven't. And you notice I said, well, I will tell you what it is. Who's your favorite sports cast or all 10 sports cast or doesn't necessarily mean play by play. It can be a color guy like the mad dog or it can be like somebody does a sports talk show like the hump or that or which. Yeah, it'd be a whole the whole thing. And then we still have the category on there. I hate sports for people that don't have a favorite because they don't want any part of it. All the way, I think George might actually vote for Rick Weaver. I'm gonna vote for your next. Huh? I'm voting for Hank. Oh, that's right. Like I said, Hank is on there. He's voting for the hump. Why was Hank going to do for you guys? He's really mean like hey. I'm just kidding. He's your very sensitive. Just like for real. Just like for real. Just like for real. Yesterday acted like a little pussy. I didn't want to bring it up again because I don't want him to be burdened back to that again. He's he's great. He's kicking ass man. He's got about an H here and your most got his two. His two points. He's he's got his two points. He's he's got his two points. So that's why he's got. I'm sorry. There's a week. Haven't seen him in a while. I forgot what Ellie looked like. Hey, maybe if I didn't check our website. Look at how Wendy's pulled in the lead. When he's got 12 Taco Bell's got eight McDonald's got four. Okay. You know people are both from McDonald's. You need a taste taste but test. It's the prize, strictly. The fries are going to kill you. What do you mean? I don't know the kill you and you don't care about fries but the best fries in the way. I don't like fries. I know. If I never had another french fry in my life, we'll be too much love fries and why they're fries best. That's what you go to a fast food restaurant for fries. You ought to go to Amsterdam and write on the damwack. It all those Thomas Freetas. Okay. Whatever they call. What are mayonnaise and brown sauce. They put on them. Oh, me brown sauce. Yeah. They have some brown sauce. It's the kind of the kind of those canals. I'm on my way. Real Tuesday. Yeah. Don't forget the kill. Because I want me to get a thousand dollars to them. I'm going to be really distraught. We've got to get the 25 grand mark. There will be a quarter of the way home. From 11 to one today, Miguel will be at the computer technology showcase at the Broward County Convention Center. The best in the LCDs will be available and the Mohar David Keate. And some of them add dog mayonnaise, meat, and some bunch of stuff. And you can also thanks to the Marine makin' him take it. There even we didn't want to spin the fries wheel from our own tickets. Spin that wheel. Speaking of taking it. Yeah. Up the, uh, pop on your, uh, website there. What do you mean by that? The home page. Okay. The guy from Brazil's planet set a precedent in Brazil. Everybody else set a dog on your Roger's. You know, man. For this head in. He's looking for an unfortunate his remarks according to AIDS, a call to. There it is. You got to check out mearajus.com immediately. Okay. Oh, man. Look at that dog. He's got the, what's the name of his dog? We have any idea. I don't know. Buddy. And we don't care. Oh, and well, and that's, uh, real butt buddy. It looks like me. Yeah. Now if you want to see what a butt buddy looks like there it is right there. Wow. That dog's eyes are just a poppin. Remember that movie, Helso Poppin? Then the eyes are poppin. Look at that. Wow. He, you know, he's got to get through, relieve that stress before he goes for this big speech. Okay. Let's do the breakers. I think he may actually speak. Speak, buddy. Speak. 20. 20. 21 till 10. 11. 11. What about that? It's a Q.A.M. Hey, when it comes times heavier carpets clean, you can open up the L.A. Just play Russian real out of those expensive carpets. Don't do it. Don't do it. Call my good friends. It dry concepts. They've been cleaning my house for a coupons age over 20 years. They've dried clean your carpets. They're the only people in the world who do this. And you'll see the difference. Believe me, you'll smell the difference too. And I'd like concepts. Office, you would chance to say 15% on that. Next carpet cleaning. Just call dry concepts. Tool free at 1-800-248-5071. Ask them to put out of you understand violence. Then dry concepts will cut in the next time. They've got an opening in the schedule. It's like when you fly stand by same idea. If you're available, then they have it opening. They'll not. 15% off the price. So column a day. They give you written guaranteed price before they start. Your carpets will smell. Look and feel. Lemon. Fresh. They're drying a couple of hours. It'll be like a miracle on your floor. So call today. They might even have it opening for you on the day. You call like today. Call 1-800-248-5071-182-4. Or check them on the web at dryconcepts.com. My life and low. This is for sure you'll buy six of them. You'll be away from me. It was to be here at Outline a new budget. I throw Darcer to board to come up with a number for tax relief. And my plan. No one will get relief. For lower income families, you'll never get ahead. And this president doesn't care and won't pay. My attitude is government should stand in the way of families achieving their dreams together. We will do so. I hope you'll join me in standing firmly. On restraint. Some say my daughter is too big. Others. Others say it's too small. I respectfully disagree. This is right. Okay, wait and for a president and a couple of minutes. Somebody says stay in shake. How can we leave them out? I'm not going to vote for them. Huh? Could they're not here? Or they're up by you? Like McDonald's based on a fries. People can like stay in shake based on a shake. Even though the burgers are not what I used to be. You may stone the liquid cheese they give you with the fries sometimes. We're saying. Staking shake. Oh, they give you that liquid. I like that. They can order cheese fries and then they give you a dipping sauce. Which will like that liquid cheese. You're probably like plastic when it goes into your guts. It probably like it hardened. It turns into plastic and makes your little spastic as in spastic colon. Pow. And anyway, the Brazilian guys now speaking of God would have beard. Do we care about Brazil? Brazil. What's up? I'm a man, I'm a woman, most of them are too. We don't care about that. Okay, let's take a call or two and I'll keep an eye peeled on here. I just want to make sure I don't put Aaron Brown's wine. He voice on because that would be a disservice to the audience in the world. Just like CNN is doing a grotesque disservice. How can they actually put him on the ear? I don't understand it. I don't get it. This is a guy who was a weekend news reader at ABC. That was his claim to fame and CNN puts him on. And he's like their domain guy. Not that Bernie Shaw retired a couple years ago. They put this bozo on it with a bad hairpiece. Why, why, why, why, why, why? He's awful. He's an abortion man. CNN ought to be like not right off the ear for put that asshole on there. And anyway, I can't have said it about it. Here's a call from Davy. Hello. Hey, how you doing now? Pretty good sir. Best fast food restaurant got to be chick to lay. What is it? Chick to lay. Chick to lay. Best chicken sandwiches you're kidding. Is that a chain? Yes. Okay, never heard of it. But I'll hear from them in the malls. Chick for the rest of the night. I don't know if they're at that free stand. Hopefully they're on their way down. Oh, in other words, we don't have been soft for a yet. Not yet. They're in the malls in soft floor. But they're in the, they're free stand and up the north floor. It's tough. Okay. All right. Thanks a lot, Pally. All right. I'll see you chick for a, one of these days. They're not bad. Are they really? They got these waffles fries? Oh, I'm sorry. Fries again. No, but why see waffle fries? Now you could you pick by interest? What the skin still on them? Hmm. See it. Oh, no. You're talking about something I could really get into. And the chicken is really good too. Yeah, but just like your ordinary pedestrian fries. For example, let me ask you this. When's the last time you had fries without anything but on a catcher, breathing on them this weekend? Really? Right. You don't, do you don't put no catch up? Sometimes I do sometimes I don't. Ah, I don't. I don't have to go eat half the batch and then maybe I'll put something on towards the end. Every McDonald's fries. Tastesless. Tastesless. You like mashed potatoes without the gravy or butter in the oven? You like mashed potatoes with no gravy dry? No, with butter. No. Halt and butter. Uh-huh. Here's a call from Papano, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Hi, yeah. I was calling about Dallas Cowboys. More than you and Scottie were talking about. It names Lance Ritzel. No, no. Lance Ritzel was the flasher. Right. One of those marriages you're either. Right. Lance Ritzel was the flasher. I'm talking about they had a place kicker. Was it Rathiel set the end or was it somebody else? No, that one I don't know. I think I'll take the lantern and pull. Well, I guess they had a lot of prouver. It's okay. Okay. Go with the territory. That's what Jimmy's Johnson said. I don't want to say it was Rathiel set the end because I don't think it was. And then this sees. So I take that back and make it a disclaimer. It might have been. Scott should know the answer to this and I'm surprised for Reldon. See, this is one thing about for Reldon. He shouldn't be talking about sports at all because he doesn't really know anything about sports. And he's really a hoot if he just talks about getting laid and stuff like that. And big rags and big these. Those things, you know, I want to fill. Right. We have he does fill. I mean, I rather have filled on there rather watch playboy TV then Aaron Brown whining to a Paula's. Yeah. Yeah. God, how can he be on the year on TV all around a guy named Moral? You could be an Amsterdam. You could be in Australia with your boyfriend. Or have it had you are. Seriously, iners freaking Aaron Brown and you wonder why the world is in the shape that it's in right now. Go in on our hand. When the hell is this presenting guy going to show this trap already? I guess I better do the break early, huh? Okay. Because the speech is going to be 22 minutes they timed it. Okay. They did. It's 22 minutes long. Here's the lady in high, a hello. Nails. Yes, man. Hi, how are you? Great. How you doing? Pretty good. Nails. I got one for your pole. Okay. Okay. I totally agree with you to talk about totally talk about. When you're just speaking ass of the day, what? Good. When is this good? I agree. But when did you get a hit around lunchtime? So you can get a nice piece of meat. If not, it gets a little of a meek, it's a little dry. Nothing like getting a nice piece of meat around lunchtime. I agree with Aaron. Sure. Sure. I know the only thing that I find disturbing about Taco Bell is I'm sure you've, you know, you've done, you know, a couple times there because you like Taco Bell. But isn't it disturbing how they don't use gloves at all? I never know what's that. Oh my god. It's so disturbing. I mean, you see these kids there and you know, they're just kissing their head like you're meat? Exactly. I mean, it's very disturbing. I mean, that's all the only thing. Like if you don't get something like a Mexican piece or something that they have to nuke, you can't help but the wonder, you know, you know, about what you read that back up quarterback for Notre Dame to work at Taco Bell. Anyway, so what's your choice? What was that? Yeah, I thought you had another name. Another choice. Well, yeah, I do. I do. I just started listening right now. I don't know if you have it on the pole, but how about quiz notes? Oh, quiz notes is great. Yeah. So they didn't they send us food one day, yeah, yeah, quiz notes is sensational. You're right. Yeah, that's pretty good. Yeah. All right. And that's all I have. We have me here in Toronto too. All right. Cool. Cool. All right. You two, thanks. You two, thanks. Bye, bye. I don't want to rush you, but I'm trying to rush you know, because I want to get the break in because he may actually have got to be better. But we don't want to miss anything that I'll present to you as to say, do we? Is that twenty US, but you can't at least finish them for a few minutes, or you had to walk them round with you and all else. Which is to be included. That you so tribute to that, do you, deep and strong. get 0% financing for up to 5 years. And you can lease a 2003 Pontiac Grand Prix GT2 at Hallit right now for only $279 bucks a month for 36 months. You get $12,000 a year. Pay only $2,000 out of pocket. You heard right. You pay only $279 bucks a month. Incredible. Hallit's also got two pennest deals on U-cons and in all these. If your credits been a problem in a past, you won't be in Hallit because they'll work with it. It gets you with your cut. And of course, Hallit's also got an unbeatable slush to great pre-owned cars, trucks, and SUVs. The best in town. In 2003, New Rogers blowouts, hell, it's going on right this second. And Hallit Pontiac GMC, 134-1-Saut, Tixi Highway. That's US-1 across in the falls open every day, seven days a week. For more info, column toll free, 1-385-344-4-4-8-8-534-4-4-4-4-11-O-4-Giv. All these deals submitted to credit approval, CR friends and Hallit 40 tales. That's Hallit Pontiac GMC, who be professional. Grade. Five and a local, they've saved these five six years. You're in your own yours. FOOT! A Q&A! Well, that's a lot even loves Neorodgers. The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to dumb at people killed. With the gas that we sold in Marmers time a crescernation and they only won that's going. Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing. Forget about Korea and the nooks that towed to Memphis were right. Queen is drilling it over and over it to our head. On daddy, rag, has some weapons of past destruction. 3,000 people killed. Our now-per-gotten, let's exploit them instead. Hey, there's oil to be gotten. Going after St. Tom too. Planked, O'Sama, there's no longer mention of the name in Latin. But no-asleep concern does. Come be in complacent. Believe in every word of this cartel-in administration. Back in Trolls is my fear through me and the manipulation and the right. Queen is drilling it over and over and to our head. And I rag, has some weapons of past destruction. And who would you like me? The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now, not the ash crop is saying. I have nothing to hide. People's partners all are saying. I know Bidian, can't hold on to him. And he is a vegan, proud of provoked Babylon. We're the annihilation, all regimes must fall and have a burden and stoke with no objection at all. Tell the crackdown how the falls have some right. Queen is drilling it over and to our parade washman. I rag, has some weapons of past destruction. Only I drag myself with the past destruction. The Puppy 7560 CUM, sir, getting on as far ahead of ourselves as we possibly can, right? Load up to make, to make, we're loaded up. To make way for this 22 minute address. And the president of Brazil finally shut his mouth. He said, boy, we can kick your ass and soccer man. That's what he said. He said, you may have a little bomba gronday, but we'll kick your ass when it comes to the big one. Now where is the doofas? I mean, where's all present days? No, no. That's the Brazilian guy to pat him on a back saying, nice job. And I give him a little sack of money as he went out. I wonder what he said. And they just had a little briefcase full like on Mark Hundreds. So I'm assuming now as there's the service pause and the action. So right now. So I think it'll be sometime before you get significant troop levels there. And then there, do I dare put on CNN because you know, I got it. I got it. I'm not going to take many nations to keep the peace. Oh, the soon. The soon. The soon. Oh, the soon. And I apologize to you. Who that whiny boy. Yeah. Aaron Brown. Well, what was that? Aaron Brown. On acceptable, on fit for human consumption. On acceptable, Aaron Freakin Brown. Another reason that CNN is absolutely a piece of turd. Okay. Ted Turner wants to apologize to the world. Okay. Now who is this goofball? Who's this guy that they keep showing on there? Because you'll notice when the person in Brazil was speaking, they'd, and none of the networks, including nobody is putting the audio on there. So evidently, whatever he said wasn't that important in the head of the dude with soccer. Oh, there is a goof as a sitting there. He's got a big smile on his push. The sweat is pouring down his forehead. There's colon power. He's still holding up those maps. He said, hey, you believe me? No. Oh, let me show you where all those weapons are right here. I've got a market of math. X marks the spot. And they're all going. Yeah, sure. Cole and tells another one. Maybe Cole can do a stand-up deal. Yeah, again, he's whining. I don't want to put, I'm sorry. I can't do that to the audience. He's also a conservative. Linda Doyle says, hi, by the way. Hi, Linda Doyle. How are you, sweetheart? What's he doing there? She was doing some business. Oh, do them business? Oh, speaking to do them monkey business. Here he comes. Here he comes. Oh, boy. And this press. Shut up, Paul. The president's going to be speaking. Show some respect. Mr. Secretary General. Mr. President. Nice talk up, Neil. I think which delegates ladies and gentlemen show some respect. 24 months ago. And yesterday in the memory of America. The center of New York City became a battlefield. And a graveyard. And the symbol of an unfinished war. And what did you rack-happened with that? Since that day, the terrorists have struck in Bali, Babasa, and Casa Blanca, and re-ad, and Jakarta, and Jerusalem, measuring the advance of their cause in the chaos and innocence suffering. They leave behind. I racked it all. Last month, terrorists are you on a merry board. Are you on a merry board? No, to the United Nations itself. The UN headquarters in Baghdad stood for order and compassion. And for that reason, the terrorists decided it must be destroyed. Among the 22 people who were murdered was Sergio Biera, a mellum. Was that me? Over the decades. What a good and brave man from Brazil. I gave help to the afflicted in Bangladesh. Cyprus. Mozambique. Lebanon. Cambodia. Central Africa. Kosovo. And East Timor. And was hating the people of Iraq in their time of need. America joins you. His colleagues. In honoring the memory of Sr. Biera de Mello. And the memory of all who died with him. In the service to the United Nations. By the victims they choose. And by the means they use. The terrorists have clarified the struggle we are in. Those who target relief workers for death. Have set themselves against all humanity. Those who incite murder and celebrate suicide. Reveal their contempt for life itself. They have no place in any religious faith. They have no claim on the world's sympathy. And they should have no friend in this chamber. Events during the past two years have set before us the clearest of device. Between those who seek order. And those who spread chaos. Between those who work for peaceful change. And those who adopt the methods of gangsters. Between those who honor the rights of man. And those who deliberately take the lives of men and women and children without mercy. Or shame. Like our military. Between these alternatives. There is no neutral ground. All governments that support terror are complicit in a war against civilization. No government should ignore the threat of terror. Because to look the other way, it gives terrorists the chance to regroup. And we prove. Can you answer to me any question for a better body rack? What is this happening with the president? They can all nations that fight terror. He's getting to it. As if the lives of their own people depend on it. We'll earn the favorable judgment of history. The former regimes of Afghanistan and Iraq knew these alternatives. And made their choices. The Taliban was a sponsor and servant of terrorism. When confronted, that regime shows defiance. And that regime is no more. Afghanistan's president who is here today. Now represents a free people who are building a decent and just society. They're building a nation fully joined in the war against terror. The regime was sat on the same. Cultivated ties to terror. While it built weapons of mass destruction. It used those weapons. An acts of mass murder. And refused to account for them. When confronted by the world. The security council was right to be alarmed. The security council was right to demand that Iraq destroy its illegal weapons. And prove that it had done so. The security council was right to vile serious consequences. If Iraq refused to comply. And because there were consequences. Because a coalition of nations acted to defend the peace. And the credibility of the United Nations. Iraq is free. And today we are joined by representatives of a liberated country. Saddam Hussein's monuments had been removed. And not only his statues. The true monuments of his rule and his character. The torture chambers. And the rape rooms. And the prison cells for innocent children. Our clothes. And as we discovered the killing fields. And mass graves of Iraq. The true scale of Saddam's cruelty. Is being revealed. The Iraqi people are meeting hardships and challenges. Like every nation that has set out on the path of democracy. Yet their future promises lies a dignity and freedom. And that is a world away from the squalid, vicious tyranny. They have known. Cross-erac life is being improved by liberty. Across the Middle East. People are safer because an unstable aggressor has been removed from power. Across the world. Nations are more secure because an ally of terror has fallen. Our actions in Afghanistan and Iraq was supported by many governments. And America is grateful to each one. I also recognize that some of the sovereign nations of this assembly disagreed with our actions. Yet there was. And there remains unity among us on the fundamental principles and objectives of the United Nations. We're dedicated to the defense of our collective security. And to the advance of human rights. These permanent commitments caused the great work in the world. Work we must do together. So let us move forward. First we must stand with the people of Afghanistan and Iraq as they build free and stable countries. The terrorists in our allies fear and fight this progress above all. Because free people embrace hope over resentment and choose peace over violence. The United Nations has been a friend of the Afghan people. The stripping food and medicine. Helping refugees return home. Advising on a new constitution. And helping to prepare the way for nation-wide elections. NATO has taken over the UN mandated security force in Kabul. American and coalition forces continue to track and defeat out catatarists. And remnants of the Taliban. Our efforts to rebuild that country go on. Have recently proposed to spend an additional $1.2 billion. For the Afghan reconstruction effort. And our urge other nations to continue contributing to this important cause. And the nation of Iraq. The United Nations is carrying out vital and effective work every day. By the end of 2004 more than 90 percent of Iraqi children under age 5 will have been immunized against preventable diseases such as polio. For burculosis and measles. Thanks to the hard work and high ideals of UNICEF. I guess he's talking about the ones where still alive. Iraq's food distribution system is operational. Delivering nearly a half million tons of food per month. Thanks to the skill and expertise of the World Food Program. Our international coalition in Iraq is meeting its responsibilities. We're conducting precision raids against terrorists and holdouts of the former regime. These killers are at war with Iraqi people. They have made Iraq the central front and the war on terror. And they will be defeated. Our coalition is made sure that Iraq's former dictator will never again use weapons of mass destruction. We are interviewing Iraqi citizens and analyzing records of the old regime to reveal the full extent of its weapons programs. And its long campaign of deception. We're training Iraqi police and border guards in a new army. So the Iraqi people can assume full responsibility for their own security. And at the same time, our coalition is helping to improve the daily lives of the Iraqi people. The old regime built palaces while letting schools decay. So we are rebuilding more than a thousand schools. The old regime star hospitals of resources. So we have helped to supply and reopen hospitals across Iraq. The old regime built up armies and weapons while allowing the nation's infrastructure to crumble. Like ours, so we are rehabilitating power plants. Water and sanitation facilities bridges and airports similar. I propose to Congress that the United States provide additional funding for our work in Iraq. The greatest financial commitment of its kind since the Marshall Plan. Having helped to liberate Iraq, we will honor our pledges to Iraq. And by helping the Iraqi people build a stable and peaceful country, we will make our own countries more secure. The primary goal of our coalition in Iraq is self-government for the people of Iraq. Reached by orderly and democratic process. This process must unfold according to the needs of Iraqis. Neither heard nor delayed by the wishes of other parties. And the United Nations can contribute greatly to the cause of Iraq's self-government. America's working with friends and allies on a new security council resolution. Which will expand the UN's role in Iraq. As in the aftermath of other conflicts, the United Nations should assist in developing a constitution and training civil servants and conducting free and fair elections. Iraq now has a governing council. The first truly representative institution in that country. Iraq's new leaders are showing the openness and tolerance that democracy requires. And also showing courage. Yet every young democracy needs the help of friends. Now the nation of Iraq needs and deserves our aid. And all nations of goodwill should step forward and provide that support. Success of a free Iraq will be watched and noted throughout the region. Millions will see that freedom, equality and material progress are possible at the heart of the Middle East. Leaders in the region will face the clear evidence that free institutions and open societies are the only path. The long-term national success and dignity. And a transformed Middle East would benefit the entire world by undermining the ideologies that export violence to other lands. Iraq as a dictatorship had great power to destabilize the Middle East. Iraq as a democracy will have great power to inspire the Middle East. The advanced democratic institutions in Iraq is setting an example at others, including the Palestinian people. Would be wise to follow. The Palestinian cause is betrayed by leaders who cling to power by feeding old hatreds and destroying the good work of others. The Palestinian people deserve their own state. And they will gain that state by embracing new leaders committed to reform, defining terror, and to building peace. All parties in the Middle East must meet their responsibilities. And carry out the commitments they made it aquabar. Israel must work to create the conditions that will allow a peaceful Palestinian state to emerge. And Arab nations must cut off funding and other support for terrorist organizations. America will work with every nation in the region that has boldly for the sake of peace. Have we heard anything new here so hard George? No. Second challenge we must confront together is the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. All are regimes that possess nuclear, chemical and biomarkiler weapons, and the means to deliver them. I'm going to be able to use blackmail and create chaos in entire regions. These weapons could be used by terrorists to bring sudden disaster and suffering on a scale we can scarcely imagine. The deadly combination of outlaw regimes and terror networks and weapons of mass murder is a peril that cannot be ignored or wish to weigh. Such a danger is allowed to fully materialize all words, all protests will come to length. Nations of the world must have the wisdom and the will to stop great threats before they arrive. One crucial step is to secure the most dangerous materials at their source. For more than a decade the United States has worked with Russia and other states of the former Soviet Union to dismantle the destroyer secure weapons and dangerous materials left over from another era. Last year in Canada the G8 nations agreed to provide up to $20 billion. Half of it from the United States to fight this proliferation risk over the next 10 years. Since then six additional countries have joined the effort. More are needed. The marriage of the nations to help us meet this danger. We're also improving our capability to interdict legal materials and transit. Through our proliferation security initiative 11 nations are preparing to search planes and ships, trains and trucks, carrying suspect cargo and deceased weapons or missile shipments. They raise proliferation concerns. These nations have agreed on a set of interdiction principles consistent with legal current legal authorities. And we're working to expand the proliferation security initiative to other countries. We're determined to keep the world's most destructive weapons away from all our shores and out of the hands of our common enemies. Because proliferators will use any router channel that is open to them. We need to broaden possible cooperation to stop them. Today I asked the UN Security Council to adopt a new anti proliferation resolution. This resolution should call on the moment for you and to criminalize the proliferation. Why am I hearing this? I don't know. I just changed my mind. He isn't going to say a goddamn thing. I'll get into his go to and say, you know, seriously. Two words, three words. All right. Because that's what this is really all about. I don't even say, but that'll end. That's all. That's what he had to say. Long history. I'm very good at doing that. Let those stay home. Anyway, I apologize to the audience for carrying this. I really thought that maybe this was going to be something monumental that he might actually say something significant, something like that. I thought so too. Didn't happen. And I ain't going to happen the next four minutes because he's only got four minutes left. 11 18 our sponsor much more important than whatever the hell he's going to say because it's going to be the same old tired crap. And they're going to go along with it. And whatever you say, see, Kyle and all other. In fact, it wouldn't surprise me if he sticks that hand out like on our website there. I sure hope that what's in the name of the dog. Yeah, hope buddy is there going to be okay. I'm honored to welcome so many people who devote their lives to the well-being of others to the Rose Garden here in the White House. There are around 5 million hardcore users of the illegal drugs in America today. We must do. And we will do drugs. We must increase the floor drugs into America. This will make working in close cooperation with Mexico a priority. And we, and fathically disagree with those who favored respect for law, respect for others, and respect for themselves. We also recognize the benefits of alcohol abuse and alcoholism. Okay, I love it 24. So you said more poignant stuff there in 30 seconds than the 18 minutes. And he's going like, way beyond 22 minutes. So it's a good thing I bailed out of there. We got to get in our spots. That's what we hear for us to get the spots out of make some money. Not to sit away. Listen, we'll bunch our rehashed retreadal crap as this guy. And you notice there's no, no admission of having done anything wrong. We're going to be doing something. We're going to be doing something. Even though we got the warlords over there back in power and Afghanistan, the cars I sit in there looking like, what they think of the others. I know it's like, would it help you? Don't forget in the gal, the lovely Miguel right now is a computer technology showcase at the Brewer County Convention Center, but the best in the LCDs, the Mohour David and Luke he changed. Did you manage key change? Spend a deal for some oil and prize tickets. We got the mad dog at to the San F. Nill and they, uh, Humper at four or six, third would they affect our five to six. So under two and half. And I have some of those, uh, Humper's got a tough hour and a half show today. Nice going. How are you going to have show? Marlins I deck at six, thirty. Philly's at the Marlins. This begins the biggest three game series in the history of the team. I would say other than a playoffs in the world series, uh, 705. Am I right. Scott, biggest serious, uh, in history at 797. Yes, sir. And then you got any candid. I'm all game to a Marko. And I, uh, better be a sell out there tonight too. I'm going to be pissed off. Greg Hanson still wants to hire me in W.S. Y.T. and Detroit. The program director, Facts as me in the answer is, no, I hate Detroit. Detroit used to be. Really great to legurna down, Greg. He says, email you a parody tune about the Schmitti Detroit Tigers as rightholder of the Tigers. We can't hear it on W.S. Y.T. Thought you might like it. Maybe not. It's getting cold here. Where'd it come to work? No. No, actually it's beautiful here in Toronto. Sun, you're going to be, uh, like, sixty seven, sixty eight today. But you're so, we got a fast. We should, you know, I really feel so bad about this. Was he done? Yeah. And that's been the mass destruction. He's done. He's done. He's done. Good timing. That was excellent timing. It was almost not quite, but almost as good as, as, and track. Is that day? That was, that was, uh, once in a lifetime deal. So, uh, and these, I'm sure you already have, and I'll end it one more. The fast food chains. Yeah. I'm not so sure we, uh, we really ought to do the other pool today. You know what, maybe I don't think we've done it. Huh? What's the rush? No, that's why it's saved that for tomorrow. We'll say the other month for tomorrow. Make you like, either is your Eric, but we have to add, checkers. Right? Right. Long gone silver's pop eyes white castel out some put crystal on there with a cave. And we don't have it in south Florida. It's all over a Florida. The other one's already on there. How big are your heart? I've got to use it. I've got to use it. I've got to use it. But crystal is not. No. No. Okay. To 143 votes. Well, I'll present. It was battling the same old crap. Uh, people are busy voting. Best fast food chain. Wendy's 95. They got a hands down to your pants, baby. Taco Bell 44. McDonald's 21. Ha ha ha. Kentucky Friday 18, RB 14, Quizno's 11. Quizno's good stuff. Hardies eight, Sonic eight, Burger King eight. Oh, oh, oh, oh, eight. Some real crap from Burger King is what the eight stands for. Eight some rubber. Do they have good fries? No, the burger. No, the burger. No. Uh, anything else? You know, they used to have a veal parm sandwich. Which was one of those limited edition. I never that. That was good. And it was good. And then next time we haven't. Yeah, that was good. We haven't had a bag. That was nice. He likes to go and sign up and I want to read the project with me. And that, that one nothing yet shown in terms of the depth of the designs one way. The pictures were so cool. You don't have to read the old Schultgejoff cute ones. Did you HDD a single click that you thought it had a I think the lack-taffy in the sense that I think this gentleman our president is not going to go ahead and hand To the UN no matter what no matter what because he can't make no mistakes That's what Bill Crystal said don't you dare 28 past 11 at 5 60 WKM if you're trying to lose weight You've tried all the others you've tried the low carb you've tried the low calorie You've tried the grapefruit died you've tried like richy Simmons you name it and you're still fat Balance for life could be the savior for your life because a lot of people are getting great results I did including the beast I guarantee we've saved his life even though he's like up and down and all over the place And he's a real retard we saved his life on balance for life. We'd like to do the same for you It's easy to do because there's no cooking no shopping no cleaning or calorie counting no worries No carb counting none of those things. They do all of it for you all you have to do is go like your little menu once a week And you have facet to him and that's it you have two choices for each meal We did a Toronto program and don't forget balance for life is the only outfit that lets you have those two choices And when they deliver your black sack to your door by 6 a.m. every morning And there's all the food you need for the whole day to keep us satisfied and full unhappy three delicious Core-made meals total is just next all made with the best freshest ingredients no preservatives nothing frozen No crap so that balance for life. How to get rid of that weight will be seen results within a matter of a days column at 9 5 4 5 6 8 30 29 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 Or visit them on a worldwide wicked web at balance for a life dot com 30 in the morning you just take in a 15 minute nap You won't like a name of dodgeball you've cleaned all your racers recesses almost over and you've just done duty in your parents It's Miller time Okay, we're caught up now. So you're playing a short pit there to get us caught up plus you Is it's the 11 30 which is about 11 33 close enough? So now we're all caught up. I mentioned as only because of my dismay and disgust would see it and then they just continue making me nauseous on their website I don't even know what I want to say it. It's almost it's even more embarrassing than putting your Elp present the honor waste in 20 minutes of our precious airtime. Oh say it been in Jen back together See I told you Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez really puts Philor they playing the news media like a strata various it as as they continue putting their picture Over the accorded reports in the Atlanta urinal constitution in the AP the celebrity couple known as better for or to some wags Afp's was spotted Monday at the Liberty County Courthouse in the southeast Georgia town of Hinesville about 30 miles from the coastal city of Savannah Well, then we're applying for a marriage or a gun license for simply completing some other paperwork was unknown despite rumors about the first two Possibilities does anybody cared? Oh, no talk about overstaying you welcome over playing your hand talk about just nauseated with Ben and the F peasant Oh Jesus Christ all we can say Yeah, take a hike Man down the old turn pike So how are we doing here when these is when he's is it? No, kind of the state time. It should be proud when they yes He would why to hear was tougher me. I did vote for Taco Bell all the when he's is a 275 would be fine with me when he's one oh three Taco Bell 45 Nick Donald's 21 Kentucky fried chicken 19 Who's no 17 RB 15 Sonic 11 bow jangles nine burger King eight Arties That's what it's so far I'm sure we've left him off here's Carl Springs Hello, yes, sir. Listen at missing a place kicker looking for I believe his name is Afron Herrera Was that the one yeah? That's the one I mean that here in that place kicker you're looking for that name for sure I believe so I believe so I believe so for sure, maybe It listen they'll get into your pulpy or greasy burger. What about steak and shake their delicious? Yeah, we had we put it on it, but I think is it on the pot yet you're a genie? Yeah, I ought to be everybody forgets they put their toppings On the very bottom and all the directions on top so they shit don't slide out there And we all hit it with that happens That was great yeah, they're supposed to be under we're done on their yet. Well, Eric will get around what? Well, Eric gets really nervous when we do the food polls because he gets eager to all shaky everything Oh shaky's would be good, but they're waiting to dinner more How about let's not fast food. I was gonna say godfathers not fast food right? No and not an existence anymore really But even by that That doesn't the guy are you not close people at the roof has gas station? Yeah, yeah, with all due respect Here's a call it says from Saint Pete, but it's online nine hello Hey, you know, yes, speaking of a listed drug you listen a very beginning of Present w's speech is sounds like you a little bit out of breath maybe he was putting some nose candy up his nose I think he was sweating up a storm if you actually Rubber and quite frankly his speech did blow Yeah, you talk about the kicker. I I'm on who's certain is Rafael 70 and because I don't think I don't think it was Fron Herwell the late 80s are early 90s he got in some serious trouble with messing with with kids little girl Yeah, yeah, so I'm not a material meal. I have to go pee. Bye bye. Okay. Good. Okay. Good. Good. P 560 505 60 pound everywhere likes a good pee pound five 60 on the 18 and 10 Verizon wireless line Crystal see I'm now it's starting to stimuli my appetite. This is not good not good good thing I got my sub from house There's Taco Bell's all over the place here, fact is there's just about all these is also a quiz nose But what I get a quiz nose because they're thinking basically his subs, you know right Hot subs hmm Eat the guts out of my Iraq and it's a little bit high. I noticed nobody here mentioned the subway today Do we dare put that on there? Yeah, let's put it on there just to make a jurid happy. Okay. That fat slot me in the good old jurid. That is name yeah That's up on there even though of course somebody blows Plus my friend don't only subways no more so I don't have to say that no yes now Well, no, I mean I always said that even when you say that for anyone's what I said that well, because they need the money Understand From Miami, hello And you was mentioned in that the trends or something We're gonna be coming out soon and also there a website where we can go to look what he's rating on a radio I think what we have here is a failure to communicate 567.0560 pound five 60 on the eight don't you? I think that's what we had right there a failure to communicate my dark and collected friend Let's go to a hell and they'll ho Hey, no, I know it damn good pound really good I got a suggestion for you poll. Okay. How about the bacon shake? Did we just say that it was just going on there? You probably hear me say that. Okay, you say that well, it should be on there. You're right because you're okay So we send it along but Eric's got a bug up his ass about them. You know, they got some good burgers Huh, they have good burgers. Well, I got to be honest with you. I when steak and shake was before came to town When it was strictly a tamper Orlando kind of thing It was a little my favorites in a world under shakes are beyond reproachers shakes are great. Oh, yeah It's the burgers at the one there by me. You know by the saw grass In the beginning that we're really great and then they've gone down hill and then like the meat is falling apart And it just I don't know what the ideal is but it's not the same as wasn't the beginning It's nothing like a homemade burger, you know Yeah, it's true nothing like taking some nice sirloin and Making a nice sized burger out of it and putting on a grill and nothing like that There is nothing like that You have a great day me and you too. Thank you. There's nothing like a I'm a homemade burger. You know And like that's what he said I don't what Ellie was talking about well, that's true, but of course most people are lazy We don't want to go through all of that and of course you you put it on a grill and then you cause all those carcinogens to come into it Because you're grilling a high temperature and you're you know probably cousin a big tumor right? So you don't want to be doing that. That's what makes it taste weird. We're lazy. We're lazy We want to be fat plus plus making your own stuff at home. You can't forget nearly as fat as you can go to the fast food joints. That's right Because also when you go to make it at home, you don't have to make it with a bun you know Schmidt can to bread Just make a nice big burger with a big slab of cheese on it and some grilled onions and maybe some mushrooms. Oh, man But now that we go to mix in your strained baby food beef and you mix in a little bit of your strainer You mix that in there too and swallow it all up. Show that your people When these one eleven Taco Bell 52 prisoners is moving into third they passed McDonald's oh, I hate McDonald's They don't What that was phenomenally, you know that yeah, I should go to the track right now. I should head off for Mohawk what's a is it? Yeah, I should make it until 740, but I should get in the early start. You got to walk all the way Funny till noon. I feel like we caught up now again. I apologize. I probably shouldn't apologize Because I thought I was doing a pubic service and it might be something really important at earth shaking I mean after all we did we did just conduct a a war that we you know we made up preemptive strike against nothing Against no weapons a mass destruction against no alchita ties against no terrorist over threat to us against no chemical or biological weapons But nevertheless we conducted a preemptive strike and in a meantime Haliburton and Becktail and George Schultz and all these are the grave robbers and Richard Pural and the Paul Wolf was there all robbing their hind legs together Have it a great time Even buddy Holly and a cricket sir, or not to To stop about it Buddy Holly really was bad. I'm so sorry I Well, no, but I'm just saying I feel bad saying that because he was like considered one of those you know in the early days of data But it was bad Just like building the comments you were bad one hit wonder even though they had more than one hit I'm just saying how forget about how many hits, but they weren't good Bill Hane in the comments and we rock around a clock was not a good. You know was crap you didn't like his spit curl Remind me of Johnny Depp and what's that movie? I keep asking the Nanny Rye baby. That's the one and if you ever see it you'll cry I will I love Johnny Depp though. Hey Johnny never see Johnny Depp with a quarterback from Notre Dame together What they're doing 19 till noon a Johnny from what I hear he's got around is that what I'm hearing you know I mean around what anything that moves around It's been said that everything you do the big things the small things even the everyday things can change the world at least in some small way The idea that everything you do has the ability to affect somebody else is something the people that Vermont Teddyberg company truly believe in It's one of the many reasons they put so much attention and pride and love and they read little beer They make they want you to feel confident when you send a Vermont Teddyberg You're sending a gift that will bring some love and fun to somebody's day and be cherished for a lifetime sending it for my teddy bears as easy as calling 1 800 829 beer or visiting for my teddy bear dot com Send it for my teddy bear to surprise somebody on their birthday. Welcome a new baby or make somebody who's out of the weather Feel a whole lot better Whatever the reason or occasion for my teddy bears are fun creative way to make a difference in somebody's day call toll free 1 800 829 beer or shop online and Vermont teddy bear dot com when you call be sure and tell me across the old meal Told you you call 1 800 829 B-E-A-R We're sports radio 560 U-A-M It's day In my every town At 560 W-Q-A 1 800 89 We're not crazy But many bad ones Eat them News The reward is with me While God is talking about disgusting things And faking a chess Family And what I say But death is finally goodhit Not to think of them What's all what to think about this since far from it? Always on good stop Also think about human waste Yeah, you're in places And who? It's disgusting I can't get through a hill If all of us meet I and I But I know what I'm gonna do Hey, I always come To my friend I am in the soup Thanks Off I go It's a crazy I'm always been crazy I know that 1147 I have a little in the calls Swiss cheese here to tie me over with all the sweet talks Get me a drive me a little bit Cringy, I have to have a quick and wall Why? I'm having ham and Swiss Well, there you go Now we're here in from a gal at R and I I haven't What does that mean? I don't know Well, that's not going to be good Because maybe you're caught in about 45 minutes Say nobody showed up here I'm leaving the hour How that goes? I'll bet you'll come in 45 seconds Maybe nobody's leaving You're in our finish doing the deed And they're on the way down the old Hershey highway From now on, we'll want to clock to lovely Miguel's at computer technology Showcase with our best meal stuff for a band and Perrescue That's it The Brawkown Adventure Center Best meal is there The best of those key chains Absolutely And More Howard David and Amanda We've got a few of those left And you can spin the wheel for some Arlon tickets That won't you have a giant a Crowther Wouldn't you think? Oh yeah, at least because we've got to be Now who they play in the last three games? Scott, who's the last few is against? The Metz Oh, the horrendous Metz Boy, what a lucky break that is Oh, man 17 of their last 19 The future in Metz Or just so bad, it could've been a fixed game How psychic and I dubbed that You've got a full story today You have Metz live story They put in there That was very good So anyway, so it's got to be There for the full fed off of you series Which starts at tonight Or the Metz with last year's When the Emeralds can basically Wrap it all up for the wild card And everybody can jump on a bandwagon I mean if you can't be a real fan Jump on a bandwagon That's what we say in South Florida Here's for Waterdale, huh? Anyhow Yes sir How about Waterbugger Drive of Texas? Waterbugger? Yeah Are they with Waterbugger? Waterbugger That's the name of the It's like a trick But it's called Waterbugger No, not Waterbugger Waterbugger Waterbugger Waterbugger? I don't know Waterbugger? Waterbugger? Get out of here, you're an idiot You're saying like Waterbugger That's what he said He's an imbso I think he's talking about Waterbugger Isn't Waterbugger one in Vegas? No, that's Indian Outbugger Well you're right, it is Indian Outbugger What are you saying about it? That's what I hear But it's not a chain I mean it's not a big chain I mean we could put some of those west coast things on here Like what's the Carl's Junior? Right But that's crap I mean in plus nobody in our audience had it could be in Because it's the poll just says the best fast food chain Is there enough to be in South Florida? But nevertheless, remember going to put that crap on waterburger? And that's my favorite You don't have a burger You just drink it Here's grilled gables, hello Why are you so miserable? Burger in a glass Here's for a waterdale, hello Hey Neil, how are you doing? Pretty good I got something for all your constipated listeners All they need to do is go eat a proper burger king Yeah And I mean within five minutes You know why it's called the water don't you? You're producing a mass in one I'm telling you, you'll have the cramps that looks like you You'll have the cramps throughout the end Unbelievable Uh-huh Burger king is serving up You'll have so much irritable ball you need extra towel Oh my goodness I mean I tried to them like a second and third chance Because they're like really close to my home You know, they're very convenient There's never anybody in the drive relay So you're going to win I went to win I whipped through And with an assignment of eating anything out of burger king I'm racing Race in near its bathroom I got a offer Come to baby I got a better idea for next time you're in a mood for that If you're a little bound up go to the pizza lots of foods I held a lot better but you still have the same end result Stay away from Burger King That special sauce I think it's prepared by the guys making the burger in the back Okay, I get to get the drips I'm gonna get the drips I'm gonna get the drips I'm gonna get the drips I'm gonna get the drips Exactly That's what you'll be saying in Burger King Like you said, whoa Whoa Nelly 560 70560 Pound 560 On a Sunday So Miguel didn't call 45 things did he? No, I didn't You know what? I call him in sight and can't hear the radio So I'll call him Well, I give he was doing some business When he probably called and tells us he's got like 500 He's only got an hour and eight minutes to go You'd think And if he doesn't get a thousand dollars for a band of per rescue today He don't need the bother coming back Let me just put it that way I don't play hard ass Go buy the coming back That's what the Reinsuit do No, she didn't She's still hoping for it Pining Here's for Lauderdale, hello Emil has gone Okay The guy that called yesterday about the beefed puree And the McDonald's burger The baby beef puree and knowing when he's he said Yeah, a Wendy said I know that McDonald's is beefed Callow in both their burgers and also in the fries That's what gives the fries That's what kind of the vegetarians I've been out of shape Screw that Right, they've had long things Exactly But you know the worst thing about about McDonald's is that they It prepare all of the burgers in a regional commentary They have cooked them and then they ship them to the individual restaurant And finish cooking them Right, that's why they're all the same now come from the same joint Literally and figuratively, yeah Exactly Hey, now I have another tip for you all So you're talking about greedy Quinn Now I'm not gay, but I think I can't I understand, we believe you Exactly, right But Your own college, Michigan State has two quarterback You can take a look at it Not just smoker No, Drew Statton The back up The back up You didn't more ways to work Yeah, I mean, yeah, take a look There's cheese going in, who's yelling? Oh, he was disappeared, he vanished Well, he just took on it No, that was a minister of disinformation today They don't have cook McDonald's burgers and ship them Not those are the french fries And they don't use beef towel anymore They use vegetable shortening now Since they got sued that time by the Vegetarian groups All those india people All those schmata heads Yep Ron, here's something Scott finally knows something about all You know, the fact I'm believing you show us how easy I am Five, six, seven, by the way, it comes Did they win last night? Oh, did they lose? Oh, they didn't play And I'm Arlington or game head of the police That's the way it is right out there 80, they're 16 games over 80, 60, and 70 with 60 Go See, right off the top of my head Nothing complicated, not difficult But it's good that you get in the sports glove Ron, because that's that's excellent on the show We don't want to be sports in the sports No, you're not on the show Who is? Yes, it goes lost, it comes your type for first now, it wasn't wrong 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T And Verizon wireless flying target about their division Here's called it a Cree Hello Yeah, Neil Yes sir Yeah, it was a crappy setup game by the way That time was pretty sure that's it I'm not sure I'm having a different tactic You're getting back with the bandage on this ass Right But in a waterbore where you try to pick up water, it's water Like waterbourer That's why I get sender when you know water burger Wow Yeah, that's a large tank, it takes just about a bit of time to take a treat Well, we'll put it on there anyway, just take it Put it on, we know what tank this has on, no But, uh, shlopky What is it? Shlopky Shlopky Shlopky Shlopky, yeah Shlopky What's this obsession with shlopky? No, shlopky, the sound is shlopky Never heard of it, that's in Texas you're talking about No, no, no, shlopky is everywhere In Florida there's shlopks, I'm pretty sure I'm seeing one since I've been here I think you've been doing some bad weed man Have a good safe trip man I don't have bad day And don't let the bees least grab your banjo on away pass naples Shlopks, what do you say? I don't Ha ha ha ha ha This is great Let's go out to lunch, where do we want to go? Shlopks Shlopky I'm better than I'd fur from shlopky I'd rather go in the corner Just take hell and they'll be full of art But you get to use one, you just keep going to east Another seven or eight miles right there It shlopky 118 votes for Wendy's They're like more than doubling the competition Dave Thomas is pleased this punch He only wishes he could be here to have Another triple cheese with extra onions And actually, once in a while, if it's a drive through in these places You get what you order, not very often But it's a big run man If I could tell you the number of times I mean, there have been time and it's my fault Because I'm one of those people I try to be too polite if there's somebody behind me in the drive through And I feel like I'm, you know, because I get pissed off And other people that are sitting there dill in a round So I feel like I got a pull away, you know? I got to pull out so people right around the front And check your food there because that way And so I'm grabbing up the Hershey highway and I'm looking into bag And I ordered maybe like a double cheese with onions only And inside is like a fish sandwich Which we're like extra mayo and whatever And order of fries The best food chain is when these one-eighteen Taco Bell 54 Quisnose is doing sensationally well 27 McDonald's only 21. I'm proud as I'm pleased to see that All right RB-21 Kentucky Fried 20 KFC Son of 16 Burger King is got 12 and we would like to, we'd like to find who those 12 people are Or can get you some maybe they work there The name anonymous B-K-A Burger King and the eaters anonymous It must work at the corporate office Hardies 11 Boat Jangles 9 Pizza Hut 8 Stake and Shake 8 White Castle 5 Subway 5 Churches 4 Checkers 4 Long ground silver street Poppies 3 and 1 for Crystal Man Now if you ever had that because it's only like an arrest of the state No Should we ever have Crystal? No just stay can shake and Tampa I'll be damned One thing about those little burgers if you get a whole bag full Don't make this SHIT MY MY MY LOW This mark Morgan is the 12-to-one hour on Q-8-M Well good morning This is former Vass president and former President The French-Occanolat Al Gore I'm here to wash the rumors I'm alive I used to be the man who was in control I used to be the man who was on a roll Now I just then home in my undies and songs Looking for that key to my damn lock box Object Chaining You think you're flesh-o-o-dick-chaining You think you're some clown Slayer Mr. Popular VP That down impresses me much Your at least the spot is on And your ball would Now don't get me wrong One moment please Just in California election We'll be held October 7th you ready for that? Nope Just stay and cut think you're all right But how many times does your heart beat at night? You don't impress me much Slap Scary Now onto your boss Is the real big man he should write Thank you notes to Afghanistan There's only two types of things from text You know his dad's been card-run He's a little chill Oh George Boach You think you're special Oh George Boach You think you're some of it out So your Mr. Popular President That don't impress me much But one of the hurtful I can be so your ears Thurped bigger than rocks Pro Now don't get me wrong George I think you're all right But how many bears do your girls drink at night? You don't impress me much Don't let the real President A real man And what about brain? Look at me Find the failure of perception Draw amongst a miss a cat I'm a flashy sad The reaction If the chin No, I'm beautiful See now you're lovely George is ruled that the California Recollection Will go on October 7 Oh, I'm there for odd old man and California Aren't you excited? Oh thrilled, I'm vibrating in there No, it's just something going on The best fast food chain we're looking for today In the universe Wendy's got a hundred twenty one votes And there's nobody touching him I'm going to Wendy's after the show I think Okay, or maybe Taco Bell I think is closer I don't know where there's a Wendy's around here But I want to eat it when he's anyway Burger without the bun like he always did Yeah, you're right But then I have to sit there in front of everybody I'll see it's one thing to do with a car when you go through the drive through Yeah, it's kind of hard to go through the drive through with no cars So I guess I'm not going to be doing it I could take a cab All right, I could take a cab and say take me to the nearest Wendy's And go through the drive through and then I can eat it Then the cab driver would see me like you know Eating the meat without the bun So what's wrong with you? What are you doing? When these one twenty one Taco Bell 56 quiz those 30 see an Amsterdam it doesn't bother me I'll sit right there at McDonald's and eat without the bun Because in Amsterdam no matter what you do it doesn't make any difference It's not hard to be an odd ball in Amsterdam All the kids might Here's my me late, so Hey, yeah, sir Are you just asking them to go through those outending machines and those little scores Automats? Yeah, whatever those are called And we're talking about the Wendy's thing How they all get everything wrong that is such a true statement Every single time I go on there they get it wrong Every single time Now I would like to add my entry as chicken kitchen Chicken kitchen at the chain That's the chop chop place All the doors put a better rice Then they'll chop up a chicken breast Of both hot with whatever you want on it But place is really really good But is it chain or huh? Chicken kitchen It is a chain or several locations you're in South of the top of the board Okay, thanks a lot, pal Bye, bye, have a great day I guess we won't be seeing him at Wendy's anytime soon Because they can get the order wrong, okay? Can get the order wrong Yeah, they do Order the single cheese with tomato and ketchup No fries Get halfway down to road Here's a chicken sandwich with the ketchup onions and mustard And the two orders of onion rings I'm trying to think if the enemies are good at Wendy's I am, I'm not gonna have onion rings They do They do They're not good They don't? No, I've never heard of such a thing They have big potatoes They don't have onion rings at Wendy's Not that I've ever heard of Well I guess they're probably better than the burgerings They're fries are really just not good No I'm trying to think how to hold my potatoes Yeah, I get back to pizza I say this with all the difference to my good friend Jeff Cohen, ponytail I told him I told him not to open that second restaurant But anyway, I say this with all the respect because he's got really good stuff But pizza hot really for a chain Is it not that bad, you know? I can't stand pizza hot pizza I don't care what you say I'm just trying to for a chain is not all that bad In color and Germany in the train station They've got a big pizza hot And I had some a crack there Well I was waiting for a train And I waited was pretty good Two stone pizzas better than pizza hot pizza No No No There is no freezer No grocery store pizza That's really worth a crap I'd rather two- No I'd eat pizza Okay Next time I'm there I'm going to get a pizza I'd eat a pizza I'd eat a pizza I'd eat a pizza I'd eat a pizza I'd eat a pizza I'd eat a pizza How's my old buddy red? Now what who now was he? He was really the resulten right? He was like his father-in-law I don't know Don't you remember I was talking about red The guy from Pizza used to bring his pizzas at Zeta 100 years ago Jesus Christ George You're getting more seen all than I am I never knew from red Well I've talked about him about him a lot of time I've heard of man Sure You know red Oh red You know old yellow Yeah Well what's wrong with old red And old yellow stain I guess maybe having a version of red heads Like I do Oh That's really Yeah I do It depends on what you want I think it's saying that because people can't control What color they're here I don't know what you're talking about Red heads can have a particular look about them Oh It's kind of like a spaceship look Yeah You're out there in the sidewalk Say hey how are you? By the way what time did the ship land And when does it leave him? How soon can you be? Can you be out of here? That's bad You know it's like my talking about fat old balding I mean people like me you know Here's Miami hello Yes sir I can't believe no one's mentioned Fudrockers Yeah Fudrockers is right there in the corner of sunrise University Yeah there's one there in I'm insurer I ate there on Saturday I ate there with a Fund of yours Chris bush Yeah good Okay, I hope you had the Chris and he had the bush Where's the other way around? Fudrockers is The food tastes good But all man He sure calms down Don't fuck the bun Wow wow wow wow wow Talk about slider How about that weight And make everything fresh Yeah It takes like half an hour to get food sometimes Yeah but it's good If you can if you can survive long enough If you're a survivor No the food I have no complaint with a taste of the food And you know why we like about fuckers When you go inside Yeah And you get to put they have like all the big tubs Of like the I'm not talking about liquid cheese You know I'll like the poison Oh yeah, it's kind of good stuff That's just your ordinary pedestrians stuff But some really neat stuff And you can get the red onions there But These sure and tell them if you have a sensitive stomach like some of us Don't butter the bun plays It's like going to Ruth Chris They broil the stakes in butter At very high temperature Now of course it does make him juicy or even better But the stakes there are so good you don't need the butter And if you have a sensitive stomach When you go to Ruth Chris I told the butter plays on a steak and they will Although last time I went there I didn't tell them And I didn't have any problem I didn't like that Which should have told me that I was a do for about a IVS We just a little bit a little bit too good to be too Follow my drift No Oh, what are you eating early in the day and go to Ruth Chris And then have them butter the stake You'll be busy all night Although my IVS the good news is it's on a way out It's almost gone that great news I think part of the reason part of the reason for that is I lifted this chair up a little bit the other day Because for months and months and months I've been sitting here leaning over her Got squashing my kiss cues, you know? You know how that is? Yeah Like when they first put that ridiculous old green chair That's in my bedroom here If you could have seen that you would have paid your pants laughing You wouldn't believe that anybody could be that stupid or cheap That Bob removed wouldn't go out and like spend a couple bucks to attempt Even even like a folding chair Would have been better temporarily It's one of those big old old fashioned Cheers that you like grandma used to have you know what I mean? Yeah, and you sit down and you fall into it So basically that first day I did a show here the first day or two I was like sitting on the floor Nice gone Bob for both you redneck you Yahoo you civil And they're still talking about you and Amsterdam by the way Bob They said don't come back anytime soon If you know what's good for you Twelve but I'll look at it on old's all excited Get out of the race so we can take over the government ship They're desperate to win this and if Schwarzenegger comes out looking like he can win Looking stronger rather than weaker the pressure on McClintock is going to be enormous There you go Bill Schneider from CNN is a good guy like him Is your like him who Bill Schneider to guy it does it tells us on the polling all the time I'm CNN the guy with a glass is bald that guy he's pretty good He's a little bush rig But he's he is now suggesting he's another one has CNN is just they ought to take it off the air I mean I believe in freedom of speech except in the case of CNN take them off the air now please Somebody else under two we ought to get off the air he's made his money You're home talking about Uh-huh Uh-huh Twelve but it's past noon at five sixty if you have my can't believe we haven't heard a word from the lovely Miguel did you call him? No, I've got him you try to find out what's going on over there I'm gonna tell you guys aren't exactly giving your nose to the grindstone on his best in the ill You're gonna be real sorry when I start calling in six for five six months in a row already Attention all mortgage shoppers the following message could save you a Schmidt load a case tens of thousands of dollars Interest rates for home loans are shooting up dramatically just like some of the people on our station They're shooting up dramatically, but there's still an interest rate available. It's just 1.95 percent It's really dramatic when you have to scrape them off the floor That's right just 1.95 percent from financial group if you want to find out about this and save yourself a lot of cash Call 1-800-940-land It's truly kind of these changing so if you've been thinking about refinancing your home If you want to move up to a better real estate investment call financial group and get yourself 1.95 percent financing 1-800-940-land that call can get you these kind of payments if you take out a hundred thousand alone your payments You just train with sixty eight a month if you have a two hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are only 736 bucks a bunch of bucks a month So call financial group and get that low interest rate that you've been praying and dreaming and hoping for 1.95 percent 1-800-940-land It's the number to call there were equal housing letter credit restrictions apply Rate subject to change monthly 5.19-APR It's my life and low this is for 2562 You And they're coming around the door and they're coming into this business they're coming down to the finish It's sick right Terry and winning the continuity by co-owned links We all know what happens to derby winners ever wonder what happens to the loser If you're tired of burgers and things chicken's on the back Come visit the jockey for pride horse in a bag at Kentucky fried horsey a great place to tie on the feed bag Hey, the horse won't need it anymore Hello Welcome to KMH can I take your order? Yeah for our main course We like a thoroughbredded buy And they're on a bucket of noses extra crispy And they're in the home stretch And the trough of out-to-pasturized milk please What a finish What would you like to have a lunch and go with that? Hey you choose the winner now you can chew the loser at Kentucky fried horsey Well 18 at 560 WKM, there is a big scandal in Japan here a couple of months ago Did you be that sir about one of the Kentucky derby winners from your few years ago was like Put up to the glue factory? No Yeah That's what they do with horses in Japan Why? Yeah, just in Japan I guess he wasn't like I'm real was a gilding or maybe he just wasn't very successful as a staggin And as a result, they said yes, grum And they sent him out there and probably in a percent of the canning factory How to submit happens a lot all over the world Do you think? Yeah Do you hear the story about the the horse killers? Did you see that on one of these 48 hours or date line or something like that? No, I did not see that Yeah, there are people who make a living murdering whatever killing horses for insurance money Oh yeah, of course you have to see that Yeah, race horses They would have to support them and they had this for the insurance policy Sounds like a good idea I'm just that just a joke all you animal lovers out there especially with our abandoned pair rescue it's obviously just a joke Isn't it? No, horses are pretty dumb Yeah, but they're great noble creatures They are noble creatures, but they're extraordinarily dumb I mean, who else would that somebody sit on top of them and they run around for a mile I mean just but anyway, that was a big scandal over to the jabs and then of course years ago I toyed this before but with your Alzheimer's kicking in heavy duty I can repeat a lot of old material There was a place called Henry's hamburgers in East Lansing where I went to Michigan State I remember this story about the horse meat Yeah, yeah, and it's running down because allegedly they were using horse meat Did I breathe there? I survived it I think I probably may have had to all I really liked satellite hamburgers in East Lansing Oh, did you have anybody in the audience remember satellite? Oh, condos were good And of course when you're college you're a wise ass or real asshole So you know, you're all these different stupid things to like one up everybody else like eat the horse No, so so at satellite you could get like double burger trip But you get with us, they were like real thin patties I say of beef and you get like a quadruple cheese Or like and we used to have contests just to see who could have the mouth I want one kid once have one would like 12 patties on it Yeah, cost them a lot of bucks I'm sorry man Yeah, just for the burger, but he want to contest I think you see him no more Just like when I was in Boston we were friend of mine you know, he used to go to a brigms You ever eat at brigms I scream a joint? No, great And the contest used to be who could eat the most hot-fut Sundays in one day Of course you don't only have like two in the same place than the embarrassment factor would sit in And so then you go to another one about five blocks away because they're all over the city Have you ever had brigms I scream? No, hot-fut Sunday at brigms? Oh my god, like in the tin in the old fashioned days These used to put like an a tin thing you know as opposed to like an a cup Right and it looks like the big long dish I mean yeah, hmm No, not along this you don't know what I'm talking about you have so much to see yet Man hasn't been to Amsterdam hasn't been to brigms in Boston California's recall vote will go ahead and schedule on October 70 11 judge federal panel rule today The ASU has filed super question to validate later that punch card voting machines could be updated And the court said today no screw you How do you like that? Whatever The ASU has the option to file on appeal to the US Supreme Court any emergency appeal file What the US Supreme Court would go first to just the San Rodeo Connor the justice to act your attention over the appeals from the nine circuit And of course, he's probably sleeping with Arnold on a weekends So good luck to them right? Yeah, Arnold and they're scabbin of California I mean, seriously, if there's anybody out there in California listening on the internet and you vote for Arnold We're gonna come and drag you ass away. Honey like that No, do you think on screw you Arnold you a little bit asshole you go back to Austria with all the other Nazi friends who did daddy? I'm Nazi The best fast food chain is Wendy's man. They are often running speaking your Kentucky fried horsey 127 say Wendy's You're right, so they don't have a onion rings your Wendy's never thought about that I guess you're right. They don't I wish well then again that their fries are crappy What could their onion rings taste like crap? Taco Bell 60 quiz no 34 McDonald's only 24 they will only move up three of votes in a long time I think I'm Burst and McDonald's people away good stop eating that crap. Okay You mean you stop taking your little kids there and destroying their lives Take them to Amsterdam when they still have a big banner up over the original McDonald's and the city says Mcdeath It's been there for a hundred years still sitting there Mcdeath But a skull and crossbones on it RB's 22 Kentucky fried horse out chicken the 22 Why haven't you any of their stuff now? They make burgers Who? Oh, they don't not me not they make little chicken burgers at the KFC. Yes, they do Chicken burgers. Yeah, you never had those? I mean you're like let me hit you know Scott is so guy damn slow that it's a good thing We got four hours for the show because the delayed response is like he's trying like you know He's putting his finger to a skull like Greg Reed, though you know trying to try to compute all of this It was thinking about it. What are you talking about? They have like little chicken like that. All right, chicken plate. Okay, they're not bad. No, those are good. It sure beats that so-called chicken that they make has got about a pound and a half of batter on the outside Mm, batter is better. Christ batter up Sonic 17 Burger King 15. Oh, man Stake and shake when I'm late. It's already got 13 hearty's got 13. They both go by Burger King like they're sitting still And they should be some way 10 pizza hot nine bow jangles nine white castle eight, which I sure wish we got Wayne Arles But that's royal castle. Yes, there is no white case white castle anywhere anymore Not in here. Not floored down. But I'm talking about in the country is there really still white castle on the injury. Okay, like I said good place for it White castles got nine Checkers seven Popeye six long johns over five churches four crystal one whatever one chicken kitchen He's got one of four records don't have any out of four to 17 votes. I mean, went on recently, but fuck rockers. You have something shouldn't it? Like let's put it around the bun Go on. I'm serious if I have that buttered bun at flood rockers, and it's a good thing I live close to there because the ride home isn't at far. Well, you could wear depends I wonder if June Allison eats At flood rockers she says depends on the moochies. It's which is five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and team Verizon Lomga demand coming up at two we got the hump or with a really tough show today man for until us about six thirty the way I look at it And five to six is the Patrick's or 10 hour so the hump is basically off today good job hang Marlins on deck at seven or six thirty fillies at the Marlins the game of the season 70 five tonight I haven't seen that for days, but they all aren't that thing yet. I almost forgot how to say that amount what I called Miguel Any can't get a baseball game, Joe and Mark are right and then Moe is on him are tough assignment for him. He'd had that big tough ball game Sunday night And he's going to drag his fat old ass out of bed to come in the morning and Miguel said the reason that he hadn't called with any updates is because there weren't any he was taking his first twenty dollar order while he was on the phone with me What we have here Is a failure For anybody to use their brain The computer technology showcase at the Broward County Convention Center. Seriously if they're going to do appearances in places like that then we might as well just forget about it We might as well just suspend all activities and just throw in the town say what we gave it a nice try, but that's it pretty crowded there when I went the other time Then when it was the problem I don't know maybe nobody's listening to anything that could be the problem Unless there's somebody listening to phones or all jamed up we got eight million votes on the poll I think that's a schmitty place to be doing a play where people have to go inside the convention center that that's not the way we ever do it. Do we ever do that? No, so what rock and scientist came up with that idea. I have an idea probably that freaking Dorina lying bitch Dorina. I almost said the seaboard that time. Yeah Yeah Keep her ass out of our best of Neil okay tell her if she wants to Neil she can do it in a morning when my girl comes in at the elevator Tell her to Neil on this See in the in the problem with a lot of these deals is that they do a little bit places to try and I'm sure that this one must be some kind of a an insist to wish the only know without a doubt the computer technology You should guess for them if you haven't heard yeah, right so it's it's some kind of a thing where they try to pacify and share somebody because the sales people promised them all kind of crap And to me time he went through a race twenty dollars in the two and a half hour and now when I have I could go on here on a goddamn corner raised twenty dollars in two minutes for quite an hour with a tint to spare some change mystery Have a nice day and I wear a raise twenty bucks in two minutes I might start doing it the way the thing is going man. This is a disaster is what it is. It's not an unmitigated to say mitigated disaster And just think about a little poor puppies out there. They're going to wind up going without a home and starving to death because McGill and Doreen can't get their goddamn ass straight Wouldn't it been nice after an hour and a half a single nobody there if he would have called and said by the way there's nobody here Can we get this plug this thing push it shall it find it's a hope on to embarrassed to call This is the QM promotions department. What was I just screaming about yesterday the same thing again? Okay, too many chiefs that enough Indians too many people with title sitting around on their fat ass doing nothing which is why we didn't even bother doing the best of last year as you recall Because it's like a big imposition here They're like because there's nothing to do with sports. You see what you're going if it was sports. They'd have like clearance himself personal would be out there on a street corner Right now would have got them cup collecting money. Yeah, can you give us a money for the dolphins for the Marlins the freaking Panthers how about a few bucks for the Huracun But no not for our stuff. I'm I'm pork man. I'm really port How I speak into that how about play with cup of calm. That's right How do we leave them off on a side out of mind? They're a good block away. Yeah, they're only a block away. He used to be real good friends They're as put that on their play with top of cal for the Eholios. Oh VIP sportsbook calm is south for it is best sportsbook there the largest and oldest sportsbook in the Netherlands So you know they gotta be really good I'm like a lot of these other bookies that you hear about on our radio station They're located in the jungles of some tenth world country and you'll be lucky if you ever see your money again If you want to play whiskey with your other plunging go right ahead But if you want to really have complete confidence and call VIP sportsbook calm 100% legal and license to call I'm tall free in 1 866 VIP bets. I guarantee you can vet Scott's life on it This is not thought as best sportsbook sign up now even that all the soft photo football and basketball teams do Street all year long you want to bet the dolphins. It's 100 to 100 you want to bet their Huracun's it's 100 100 so forget about the vigorous all times get a 20% cash bonus not some funny money max play bonus either VIP sportsbook.com That's where you're located online or call them toll free one he raised 20 dollars in an hour and a half 1 866 VIP bets tell me heard about it here on QAM the home of embarrassing radio VIP sportsbook.com where you are the VIP From the wine democratic Massachusetts now an official candidate for his party's nomination Don't interrupt go to some phone calls you're watching Larry King live Denver Colorado. Hello Senator Kerry how will you pay off the deficit you're gonna have to kick back in more money now and by the way We're gonna penalize every family in America for great. He Florida. Hello I'm gonna carry is it true that you used to work at series as American? Oh absolutely you have 19 years experience Olympia Washington hello Senator Kerry why would you do it health care? I had health care because on the United States Senator and I could afford it And that's why I'm gonna see to it that everyone in America can't get what I got we can't serve all of you because we don't have enough money The reason we don't have enough money Larry is because I party God near Massachusetts. Hello Thunder to Kerry how's that? What do you are you really nice to ask? I'm able to say that I am cured and I want to stay that way. Thank you Senator will be seeing you again soon Thanks so much Senator John Kerry now an official candidate for his party's nomination And don't say he's scary yesterday. Carol mostly brown announced the official as if was any big surprise anybody vote for her no Is it just an ego trip did you see that on the CBS evening news last night? I thought that was pretty interesting no I mean they said Carol mostly brown announced today and there's like for real. Is this just an ego trip Yeah, I thought that was kind of interesting Almost as interesting as the fact that McGell got to 20 bucks. See I just heard the spot and we're delighted to take their money We'll take anybody's money on QM because we're a horror business. Okay. We're not respectable like this. It didn't work We're a horn network. Remember that line when they were having lunch around there a shatheb ons of whatever they're eating their Caesar salads But the bottom line is that this was just under pacify a client and has nothing really do go into a place where a lot of our people are going to be because it's a very highly specialized narrow focus kind of thing you see what I'm saying Focus focus it's very narrow and focused so the likelihood of any of our listeners being there and participating in buying any of our stuff or having any I do my guillars see it's one thing when you go on a paid deal Like the bill titles right and they look at you on a sandwich man Samutamani you know and they go get the free food and only banana of the beavers in there look at you like a hood how are you and That's one thing because you're getting paid to go there Right, oh, and it doesn't cost people to show up and meet greeting by their product when I'm in the middle Sidal thing right, you know like cheater wherever I'm going to blend up in exactly that's my point But in this particular case what we're trying to do is find a nice location where enormous numbers of our listeners might be fairly close and convenient So they can come there and donate to the charity and get some of our merchandise exchange and it's not at some highly Basically what I'm telling is that Miguel and Doreen between the two of them are sticking at deep in my Go and don't feel good. Okay. I'm not in the bad. I think the girls choice where they sent him like I said Doreen is sticking it in my ass And I don't play that game okay no matter what she straps on I don't do that. Okay I don't bend down for nobody right Ted the world a plausible plan to correct this colossal failure in our Policy give him a direction to the United Nations the presidential taken responsibility What he wants or his administration students mistakes in going of war without the broad support of the international community We need to involve the United Nations that are meaningfully in the transition in Iraq our policy cannot be All-take and No give The president should work with the United Nations as long as it takes to get an agreement to help our troops and bring stability in Iraq Our troops are doing their jobs in fact that Now President Bush must do his job in New York. Oh President I yield. Thank you Ted. Nice going baby Boy how much weight you think you need in this week He's starting to rival Marlon Brando how come he can't be present okay? Just because the chap acquittic and if you're a little minor things like that and a little bit of a booze problem Stuff like that and Joan and her booze problem and Other Kennedy baggage that they carry God damn would he be great you know it Yeah, he would be I like him a lot See because now that's what you got to get their your own crooked rich people who are and bid with these other crooked rich people here Because they're all bunch of crooks right But you got to get the ones who aren't like tied in and owned by the other rich bastards like the back-tell on Halibut and crowd the Cheney and Wolfwoods and Pearl crowd And that's why we need the Kennedy crowd in there right? Okay, so that's why we need Arnold. Oh, that's the Robert time Well, he's kin hello He's part of the family I mean stop and think about it. This is no longer. I mean October to seven what's it today today? Today's the a 23rd death so the 30th is next Tuesday So to following what Tuesday okay, right in my right two weeks from today is the election California All right, I say is oh my god, oh my god, and they're actually our people They're doing these interviews on MSNBC. I don't know if you've seen any of them where they're like the man on the street kind of thing And they stick to Mike and he face in these very intelligent looking respectable looking people who look like they have an IQ larger than their thumb Facet on their haircut and they give it all of these reasons about while he's in the sports world He did this and he opened up avenues for that and and I'm thinking of myself and these people just crazy or what? They must be the ones that call it all the time. I'm crazy. It's got to be them Could you could with a straight face could you actually a punch a hole stick a lever or anything for Arnold? No, maybe with a gay face Maybe with their for well California they got a lot of gay faces out there 560 560 pound 560 and they were very were just dismayed beyond of what I can tell you $20 when you told me that Then an hour and a half went by before anybody came in your right. He's probably too embarrassed and he humiliated at the reen Sent him out there to a place where we didn't have a Chinaman's chance in hell the reen is sandbagging I think that the reen should have to like adopt 50 goddamn animals, okay? All the more afraid of what you might do with them because she's that desperate You haven't eat doubts what I'm talking about look at that president of El Presidente and Bushi and buddy, Bushi what's his name? Bushi and buddy his Bushi buddy his Bush buddy. Yeah On our website today you got to take a puke at that that's that's worth the price of admission right there That's what she's doing to us and our fundraiser is here by taking a spot like that Look next up the oh not next up. He's already done the entire planet whoever did this was very creative But you're a little bit behind he's already screwed the entire planet all of us all of these things come and doctor rice Oh Doctor rice. I mean are you are you shimit me doctor freaking rice you look at her it Is written all over her post okay And now that I'm really getting an assar mode because of the fact that the Miguel's getting shut out there now I started thinking about the fact we had a stop playing the original of that the unended and kind of Lisa That really frost my ass what a bunch of cave in pansies we work for us in this company. Thank you Caven pansies you beastly's okay, but you have pussy's have no balls Of course they're part of left there balls up there in the tree when they hop down with a banjo, you know Copy got stuck on one of the limbs 20 till one is five 60 WQAM hey if you're out on a limb because you're gigantic and humongous And it's really taking a tool on the way you look and feel if you're the third-degree egg no energy Maybe your diabetic or right on the verge of it believe me diabetes is no fun. I can tell you the personal experience You got to cut weight down all the things you love can't eat them Try balance for life because this will help you lose that weight and divert all of these horrible things that can happen to you when you have that gigantic Puppac balance for life is the only company that's to choose between two alternatives for each meal I mean it's run a program and they deliver right to your door by six and a into your work to your home to your Overpass wherever you're hanging out a little black sack and that's where it's all at in your black sack is all the food You'll need to keep you full and happy and delighted all day long and plenty of it three gourmet meals totalish his next I'll made with a freshest-to-best ingredients. There's omelets and frittatas and chicken dishes and beef and all kinds of really neat stuff pass on the ababa ganoosh Balance for life is the way to go beast is lost how much you do you lost on it Customizing 50 in fact he's lost so much weight and balance for life. I expect one day You'll open the door and just just be like a little puddle where the beast used to be Or maybe he just left it behind let balance for life help he lose that way you'll start seeing results on your scale in just a matter of days column today nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or Check them on the wicked worldwide web at balance for life.com My We take you now behind the scenes as Arnold Schwarzenegger meets with political advisors How about I say something like I want to make California strong again by returning back and Then going forward to the future. That's good. It's very important though, aren't you? That know whatever you say it has to make a lot of sense. It's got a hit hard That's why I should say something like I want to make California the entertainment capital of the world Dreaming back the economy moving the forward What the Arnold colored already is the entertainment capital even better. It's already happening I'm moving thinking it wow Well how about the energy crisis Arnold. Hey, schnauth man. There is no energy crisis in California That was New York. What's wrong with you? I don't care about New York. It's California California There's a major energy problem not here my step to the moon state of climate is fine I have power let's go back to spring and California to the future. It's a good position I will exactly if you want to do that. Let's think about that. I want to take it forward. Good not backwards. All right by going forward Should you mention great Davis who's that you know the guy you're recalling? I didn't call anyone I've been working here with you a great Davis. What do you want to say about great Davis? Great Davis is not from California He was the dancer from the rat pack. I'm not going to make fun of him. What are you talking about the patch guy from Oceans 9? You mean Oceans 11. I don't see the sequel. I don't think sequo's have any merit at all You're talking about Sammy Davis. We're talking about gray. Oh you do a sequel. Super the way Hey, I don't do sequo's I'm talking about taking California to the future and taking down that big white sign as this Hollywood We need a new sign says on the wood No, that's like a fly you're fired You're fired I'm a dude you like my idea now on he would sign. That's a great idea California's future is about on the world yet into the future for the future and not back not back The man who bankrupt the California recall effort is insisting that one of the two leading Republicans of the governor's race dropout and to make it happen Positioning a political threat Congressman Dural isa is afraid that Republicans state Senator Tom McClintock and actor Arnold Schwarzenegger will split conservative support and Guarantee a victory if you're democratic lieutenant governor Cruz boosted the money of California's governor as we called so now ISIS says one of the two Republicans must drop out or He'll dramatically reverse his stance and start calling for the recall to be defeated like a petal and child. How do you like that? Hey ISIS spent $1.7 million putting the be called question on the bow. He was the right wing asshole who got behind started this whole thing in the first place Yes, and now he wants to guarantee just like they pulled fast and loose. You see the way this this is all unfolding sure boys and girls It's a political coup without any blood the bloodless coup in California just like they pulled off in Florida Where they stole the election with a help at their friends and these supreme Another one to do the same thing out there. They're gonna make McClintock drop out because you know I don't know they're gonna do it cuz McClintock hasn't got a Chinaman stance in purgatory So they get the time McClintock to drop out and maybe I don't think you can put them over the top Because they want to be guaranteed that they can steal I mean that wouldn't the governor ship in California I mean so blatant man in the public's respect Like that when he was sure good in the permanent in movies he was really great. Oh, huh? a wonderful octa the best fast food chain. That's our poll today on egorodges.com Wendy's 138 no contest over the races over Taco Bell 63 quiz those 39 Out of these 27 McDonald's only 26 only 26 of the golden arches Kentucky fried chicken twenty two stake in shake twenty two a late edition is zooming up there Maybe they may come back with their burgers. How do you maybe? I don't know they do have onion rings Oh, they need good. I don't know. I don't mean fries Well, yeah, they do have the good cheese fries He always got really good cheese fries Crystal Oh Scott said that at the same time. How you like that wow great minds work like crystals got the best damn cheese fries The thing to do is drive over to Tampa don't stay there cuz you'll hate it But no or drive maybe after a lay those little closer in it. I was one a fortloader down There's a crystal and four lotterdale and you haven't told us about it yet. There's one on power line bring your gun, though Oh, it's in like a dark neighborhood I didn't say that what you trying to say well, that's what you were implying. I said dangerous Dark so where is it? I'm power line road in one Oh power line sunrise Oh that's right somebody told us about their long time ago in a george. Yeah, we forgot And we forgot all about a plus we don't want to go there like late at night or in a broad daylight, but other than that Maybe they'll bring some down Anyway, steak and shake 22 Sonic 19 subway 18 Burger King still stuck at 16. Well Good luck to them. Hardy's 13 which I guarantee if we had more hearty's and so forth. Do we have any hearty's? We keep going through this there was the one down there and then we got all those conflicting reports You know, yeah, around bird road or somewhere I forget where the hell it was Just one out by coral springs. Are you shardies or are hearties? Hearties are you sure the age? Yes in coral springs? Good shrimp burgers. I think they import the shrimp from Amsterdam. He goes to get like a chicken breast with Swiss and the shrimps and bacon if you want Mmm, yeah, not like hearties. That's why it's not in South Florida White castles got 11 bow jangles nine pizza hot nine whatever. We're nine Checkers eight polio trepocolles seven. We just put it on there. We apologize Popeye six churches five long johns. So far The chicken kitchens got three crystals got a pair and photorechers finally got one out of nearly 500 votes 42 So far. I'm sure we've left some all five six seven. Oh five 60 pound five 60 on the eight I'm still just in such a state of This may And outrage of what is bogus the van hit not an event in a place where it's like how many people do you think are in there? Some computer joint. I mean, I'm not not gonna affect they can enter convention But what kind of a place it reminds me of what how many times we were talking about this before the show today We were telling Scott about Times one we I would he said Alice been it after the Miami Beach convention Rebovers know where they have been started. There was nobody there how many times that we try to do that? It never ever works It never never ever works ever You got it We got it And it by the way because I shouldn't say this. Yeah, I think they're I don't think it's free to get in there ah So in other words we're sending him to a place where people who are going for a very specialized reason Have to pay any mission price to get it because you know if there was any chance I mean we're given away the prize field with Marlon tickets as hot as the Marlins are now It is many bandwagon jepres as we have in South Florida and you I mean just for that even if they didn't want to pick up any of our merchandise Just that alone we'd have a line spinning the wheel Seriously this this calls for a goddamn congressional investigation I we should tell Bush forget about this other bull crap. Okay. Let's start the checking on what's going on in a recueway I'm there needs to be an investigation. I think this is second only To the OJ golf tournament scandal. This is second only the bad We agree and all these that we've been raising money for charity IRB, but I think you're forgetting something And what is that? Don't care No, I didn't forget that. Now we have to do that and spy to them and spy to the man mismanagement there These are the same people who resent the fact that we've got a website that in one day gets more hits than they get in six years on areas Yeah, reasoned not fell from it not take pride in it not delighted the fact that it brings attention And we have a link to their our sports nerd website no Resented bitterly I think I'm playing the original kind of lesion. I wanted to our let me call some people here's West Palm Beach, hello Yes, sir pretty good. I have one people how about Nathan's hot dogs Nathan's hot dogs is damn good Appreciate that's all I got here now. Okay. Thanks, pal. I'll see you. No, okay. See what extra onions Nathan's is good greasy, but it's good You know where they have a lot of Nathan's where on the on a turnpike and like any Ocahumpka Plaza Right the the rest stop the rest of places on the turnpike Nathan's is very big there You're right. I mean if you're gonna be like driving. Oh, it takes forever to get out of Florida And you're already in the really depressed mood. So why not make a stop at the Ocahumpa turnpike Plaza and go into Nathan's and get Again, oh 20 or 30 we years to go and maybe a little of the Mrs. Field's a chocolate chip cookies to across the way Go to Stinkies and get yourself some peanut brittle and then go to Stinkies and write all your teeth out with some and at 75 year old peanut brittle Boy, I can read that brings back some memories from a hundred years ago those stukies Some of my travels around the country he can log's oh Yeah, and after you that stukies you drop a he can log in the old and he pulled bowl 567.0560 pound five 60 So so in other words, that's it. This it was a wash out today the 20 bucks is probably always gonna get we can't even get to 24,000 much less to 25,000 Because we're hiding the merchant has been got Miguel locked away inside of a place that nobody can get into if they wanted to they got a paid to go inside Huh? What if you would have told me that before the show started today I would have done the show under the under the counter here. I would have just done the show on the flow. I know that's where he was going today He facts that to you Yesterday right all that I know about it. I didn't know and didn't I say to you earlier? I said in other words This is not the a van isn't gonna be he's gonna be inside someplace Remember right I do what this was all about yeah, he's inside the freaking convention center with a bunch of computer nerds Here's a call for Miami Buenos dias Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I think we ought to pay the pocket get into that building also probably know you do You gotta pay that park you got to pay to get in you got to be there for a specialized reason and we're sitting there with Miguel with his thumb up Is that's wondering how come we're not selling any merchandise unbelievable? Exactly crap Keep it up Neil thanks a lot. Thanks for the bad news. Thank you. Well, there's a guy with some more information and a good point to got a paid up park got a pay to get in But there hasn't bargains No comment because they're one of our fine sponsors here on your horrors station Anybody with up prostitution was illegal in the US hey, you're listening to a horridio Q.I.M We got around and when I'm up in Boca Tiga slapping all women with painted lifts around the pole. I listen to the new Rogers one to two In Preg Me I'm a country, I love, I'll let America hit this on my throat Walk the goods and chat to you, no, my love Rummy, oh, you shiny, oh, pair of lovely, oh, way to run on my way Swat, Jan, oh, my post-cating staff Isn't it me watching balls, swat, and oh, my dad Come on with Christian brother, he'll make it off As I gain some home on Nicky, this is Jan, as grown Younger, and I'll do just like George's brain That's why I'm voted to me, you know In the tractor, I'll be his best husband, dad He's a craft feeling to live in a tree I'll be your favorite, love, you love, fucker He's a great guitarist, a perfect regalist And I'll believe in the perfect thing they should All right, one, two, a five, six, two, a wq, a much our gigantic mammoth one two hour So basically the big news of the day is three things Number one, a president went to the one and said, Eeeeh, nothing, please help us out Please, please bail us out because it's the right thing to do I didn't hear any, please, no, he said do it Number two is the court in California said, we want to have the election October 7 because it's the American FNWA And so they're going to do it October 7 And number three is, we got stuck in it and we're getting sabotaged Our fundraiser this year for all those poor little animals That's that to me is the big story that day For our super-seed and the other two I think you're still under the wrong assumption And what is that? Anybody in the station cares about our fundraiser Now see there's something you don't understand that is this What business does Dorine or any other nasty needle nose bitch in that radio station Have to do interfering with our ability to go out and raise money for the best of deal Did they help us to make the CDs? No, did they help us to get the goddamn key changed on? No, so you're still not understanding everything that Miguel does for us He does that the detriment of the things that they pay him to do over here Yeah, he does it on his own. So in order to, this is basically this is just one of those QAM things Like Joe and Mark are going to be Yodi Yodi Yodi Yodis And they're going to have the stuff with him And maybe somebody will be there to come buy The salespeople sell these ad packages They throw in van hits and appearances with Miguel and the van And the prize wheel is part of the package and it's Miguel's job What he gets paid for you see But you understand this is the way we've done it in past years And you're Alzheimer's kicking in past years And they would say to me Miguel would say Where do you want us to go today? We're going out. Where would you like us to go? When he's angry with us He would say, hey folks, where would you like the event today? In Kendall, I'm a day-land in Carl Springs somewhere Whatever on the days that he isn't scheduled to be somewhere else By whatever deal they've hatched back there Yeah, but see, I was always led to believe that this was one of our deals See, this is the best in the old fundraiser Is that what it looked like? No. I got the sheet running front of me, Mr. I'm wearing it. He's just tying it in. It says best of Neil today, I love it a lot of things They can be atty atty, atty, et cetera And spin the prize wheel from our lunchegets So this has nothing to do with us. We're just ancillary We're like an appendage. This is just the way to pacify a client Because some asshole sales person like you We promised him a bill of goods and we're going to do this And you'll be able to let Miguel's ass into all these other things And maybe look around his balls a little bit We're piggybacking our deal on two things We're piggybacking. Don't sound kosher to me, Mr. No. Pigskin is one thing with that football obsession Now this radio station piggybacking, that's another thing And I'd go a reen bitch. He'd like to piggyback Miguel I guarantee you that right now. She would claw his ass to pieces That bitch. If she could just get those pants unvocalled and untied man You'd never see that thing again She'd take her home as a souvenir What are you laughing about? You know it's the truth She'd claw that thing off with her damn fingernails Five six seven five sixty five sound a little bit Worked up excuse me okay, but we've been had again a QAM Always getting laid down a garden path But you hit it on the head you're right Sam I'm in denial. I'm trying out to admit because it's so ugly to have to admit They don't give a flying crap They wouldn't let the goddamn finger No And by the way, how the tracks coming from the people inside the building We've always been so helpful for us in the past for a band and pay rescue I realize it's early we got to the end of the year It's only September 23rd How are those coming? Are we going to the yet? Here's a call from Boca. Hello. Hello. Yes sir Yes, I just want to thank you several years ago We gave away flags after this September 11th I don't know what you're calling. I think I talked to you Yeah, and we gave over 3,400 flags away just by mentioning your name Right, and if you all want a location, we'll give you a free location And we'll make a substantial donation to you Great At the Dolphin Mall Every year, you know, we do the Halloween stores But we make a donation and give them a location And we get thousands of people that come through there Okay, and when is that going to be? I think it's a Halloween time You know, I need time between 9 October 31st Anytime you want to come Okay, let me put you on the phone Yeah, you got to scout your number and we'll take advantage Thank you in advance Well, thank you for all your efforts You better thanks Okay, that's online six ticker that the guy there Maybe we can get something going Maybe we can start raising somebody because we're obviously aggressively going to have to go out Because like you said, you're right This year, it's strictly where on our own man We're like a bunch of steps children with a bunch of Step children animals We're all a big bunch of steps children been thrown out in a cold See, they haven't allocated any resources to us It's just Miguel doing it on his own because we want to And they don't stop him because then you'll bitch more than you are already Yeah, like I knew it was for it The bitching just started today Because now I understand why this thing is creeping and crawling and Stretching along because we're not doing it Because we're not doing anything that's why Oh, brother, when I think back at the history of all of this stuff And at OJ, golf tournament and the lies that we're told Including Greg Reed and screw in And the virulative part of Sam and all of these stories Oh, we had nothing to do with that We didn't know nothing about it Somebody come to find out to be found to find out They paid for that piece of crap that murdering son of a bitch to Fly it out of South Florida at that time We was still living in California They paid to fly him in They set up the whole goddamn thing And then they tried to put him on the air with me to top it all off Because there are a bunch of sports obsessive nerds in that place Including Phyllis and screw in who both have OJ pictures And paraphernalia all over their office, okay I think screw in's got an OJ autograph on her I think that's what I think The rest of her got pretty screw in Or does her ass is still ample sized In fact, well, I was there last time Looked to me like she's all ass With OJ's autograph Hey, I tell you one thing I'd like to see OJ coming in and coming to our office Without machete swinging a little bit, you know what I'm saying? Here's the call from the more louder deal, hello Good afternoon, sir A couple chains farm basket, Miami subs You guys got Miami subs, yeah No, we don't, but that should be on her It's excellent, Delta Igo Tokyo bull What we even slowed down slow down, was it was a taco one? Delta Igo, it's pretty big, I don't know if they'd have them out here Delta Igo, yeah? Never heard of it Really? Tokyo bull Never heard of that I've heard of sub Never heard of that Oh, I'm science-bagal, so okay Okay, thanks Polly Thanks, my show See, Einstein's bagels and Miami subs I don't like Miami subs myself, but nevertheless he said he liked it He used to be great, used to be really good And now I think they saw, I could be raw, maybe it's good I should look, yeah, I mean how much am I there? How many days a year? About 30 minutes Yeah, so what's all the wine now? And Einstein's bagels is all over the place There's one every street corner, you don't have to be Jewish Oh, I've got a Einstein bagel, and there's a great via rocket scientist Which means that Greg might want all our Greg It's too much, it's too much, it's too much, it's too much It's too much sushi, you wind up like, like, like, like, like, like that Just like that Like that bitch, Dorine Oh, brother, see what an aproposite If you tell me this morning what a freaking liar she is That was good, because it kind of like was a psychic Like a premonition you had of what is there was going to materialize in our fundraising thing Into a big pile of crap I've your intent, he want the Thomas crap Or must I had Dorine in mind when he invented that bull, you know? He must have just envisioned a picture of her And her and her ugly fat ass And then thinking about that bitch, that slut That disgusting dude, I think piece of turt In fact, I think I have to be on mosa da net when you know it I think you were right, Mo. Absolutely Here's your field, hello Hello Yes sir No, just to have Dorine what we have here Oh, I said Here's Miami, hello Hello Yes sir I wouldn't have a need a Fault in mark Okay, nomination accepted Boston market, how many of those are left in the world About 30 man Yeah, not too many left There's one right by the lights in West Boca Should point out Right If you say so Oh, we always say that in the spot, don't you pay attention You're supposed to be known on my every word on a spot You're not supposed to know a tune about Right next to Boston market is the lights of West Boca open Daily 10 to 10, seven days a week Oh yeah, they're on a spot that they're going to free plug I think what we're going to do, let's face it Okay, because it's very obvious that they got budget meetings next Monday Miss Muffmater or Tuesday, whatever day it was Muffmatering a big solid answer this morning Which is next Tuesday for why he won't be there to pat us on the head Unless there's a Marlin game in which case the big budget meetings will be rained out Or some crap like that, you know So he's already making excuses why they won't be around Because if that makes a difference of course, because I know that between our operations manager And our program director and our ticket give a router And all these other people, they are really very helpful And it comes through our best up campaign if you aren't there Oh yeah, right And like you said, they don't give a fly and fork is what it boils down Do they couldn't give a fork less right? They couldn't give a fork full less, how do you like their maples? Of sushi Too much that sushi, rocks your brain out, Greg, okay? Maybe that's why too much of that comedy you're playing Yeah, yeah That's how come they're doing it with the two 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T line As far as the poll is concerned, and you know, we welcome more additions The best fast food chain is Wendy's a hundred and fifty More than doubled the next closest competitor, Taco Bell 68 I'll take Taco Bell, thank you I mean, I like Wendy's, don't get me wrong But I just, I don't like to Taco Bell A triple cheese with onions and ketchup That was back in the days when I could eat that Right Almost that About 30 years ago, and I thought I could eat it Taco Bell 68, quiz those 42, doing that, I told you they're good I think I may search one out here, they're all over the city And T-O Stake and shake 30? Stake and shake moved up they got About 30 man McDonald's 27, RB's 27 Kentucky Fried 22 Subway 19, they came from nowhere from Adolf Field Probably what's his name, voter of unfair Sonic 19, Burger King 17, White Castle 14, Pojo, Tropical 13, Hardies 13 Hardies is doing well, I wish we had a bunch of them all over town Me too I like Hardies I like those room burgers, man What's the options at Hardies? I like rooms And I like that What were you saying before about the kind of cheese that they used? Not always I said Swiss, that's an option that they have various And they have all different kinds of cheeses Right, you can get them Or is it a good Swiss? Or do they have all different kinds of cheese? Cheese Cheese Cheese If it's a surprise of cheese, it's cheese Crisht Yes Checkers 9, Vogue angles 9, Pizza Hard Only 9, come on What a burger 9 Just for old red sake, let's give pizza one or two Chicken kitchens got so I don't know if it's good enough, I like the name of it The chicken kitchen There shall I say it in a chicken If you get like a tingle in your mouth it feels almost like a sexual whisper The chicken kitchen Ooh Squirtsport Wow Long John Silver's 6, Popeye's 6, Church's 5, Crystal 3, Fud Rockers 1 None yet for Nathan's who bought the market out of 525 votes They just went on there Yeah, you had a good idea to drag that I mean keep this thing going No you're right Because I'm so bent out of shape about that Miguel Gooder Reen Business That just frost my ass I mean see the other ones where it says Well, you know, Joe and Mark are going to be at somewhere And they'll have this stuff I realize that's just a regular appearance of theirs And if you happen to be interested in it, you see what I'm saying? Miguel also does regular appearances But I was led down the garden path to believe And I kept saying yesterday we want to get to 25 grand And I got this thing like oh here you go Here's the answer to your prayers fatso You fat old fatg toured you And it turns out to be just a third part Not even a fat one So there's no more update Is that it? Love it to one is done He said he'd call it anything else I want everybody in this audience to sit right wherever you are just freeze Okay, just freeze pretend it's a whole lot of the phones ring Could it be him? Could it be the lovely Miguel? What would be the grand total for today At this highly touted convention of the Broward Convention Center boys and girls The grand total is Is We're less than We're waiting Let me say it again Underpaid Overwork Underappreciated Maybe you're an asshole like Todd Reckon did deserve it Here Here This old was ready your station How the future is in doubt We've been talking about five sons Ever since gots pulled out now We'll work with a person The person that we've been having We've gone to work with a person We've gone to work with a person We've gone to work with a person We've gone to work with a person You're my thing that is a bummer And Bill Henry's gone Are you sure? Say goodbye to Aaron Summers Say hi to Ron And Ron And Ron And Ron And Ron And Ron And Ron And Ron And Ron And Ron And Ron And Ron And Ron And Ron And Ron And Ron And Ron And Ron And Ron And Ron And Ron And Ron And Ron And Ron And Ron And Ron And Ron And Ron And Ron And Ron And Ron And Ron And Ron And Ron And Ron And Ron And Ron And John And Ron And Ron And Ron And F21 And the next 3 to 4 Now 2 Roo the team channel out of an on cheap channel I'd be syndicated on 6,000 stations across America the day and would have to be worried about raising $20 at the time for a very year worth of charity. I could be raising like $20,000 a day. You follow what I'm saying? That's a point. I think I made a wrong incision, norm. Saw his fault. And then of course there was a lot of want to go in it. Well what's the use kind of respulpto golf for him? It's you know? New York Post says by the way that the smoking even in the privacy of your own car could be banned under one of at least five state bills introduced in the past year to limit where a person can light up. See this is what's happening in America. You can hear the step of the boot stop and all around you man. From public beaches to carnivals to persons private vehicle, the legislation would make it more difficult as smokers to take a drag. I'm one of them faggotts. Post's morking us a smoking forces fear the ultimate goal of some lawmakers is the Bansigwethensigars completely in New York. This is a well-fanned strategy to essentially eradicate tobacco use in backdoor methods that Audrey sick silk co-founded the New York City based pro smorkers group clash. Where do they have that silk pie? See I'm food intensive now. What is popular? Like French silk pie. That's like a mother butter pie, maybe? No, no, no, no. This is a dessert they have at the someplace French silk pie. It just caused was it a steak and ale? I don't know. Some place where they have French silk pie. Oh my god, was that good stuff? My uh, Irdible Boudges kicked up again when I said that. Five six seven oh five six feet and what what's he so he actually raised $20. It was like one slightly or something that he dumped about where they're and I was in. Correct. In two hours. Correct. So if there's anybody in the audience who wonders about my first racial level around disgusted nauseated and revolted with a kind of assistance that we get or not on this radio station. Now you understand this is this is the reason why we just smidkanted. It's kind of like, well, do you think we ought to do it? You want to do it? No, no, no, no, I don't think so. No, and I you do it. Let my key that you know. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Hey, male, dude. Yes, sir. You can hear me on it. I hear like you're right next to Wow. Um, two things. Could you happen to want you to be in the office of the money nice before fall last night? Not a second now. You ran a spot on air for NFL dot com in which they have different radio announced their voices just to agree. Right. Often everything they ran like seven seconds to manage going like tremendous a rock. Not a single order from North North. Good, excellent. You know, so how they contract on to about him having to tone it down. It's funny. I am a thought man. I am. Yeah, they're there on tomorrow. They know they know what's all about I wish you was gone. Um, and then the other thing was um, did you ever go to the metal lamp? Yeah. My dad had horses raised in there. Deons ago. Right. I just thought I'm going to have a little kid. I just remembered it's like a little home. I was at the metal and racetrack once. I had a rental car and I parked it and this is my metal and actually one a few bucks. And I left after like the second-alance race. And I could it took me like a half an hour to find a car. You know, because a rental car, unless you really look at it close, you even know what that looks like. And it's like 20,000 car sitting out there outside the racetrack. And it took me a half hour to get out of there. Yeah, we went when he had horses. We met the car and we went there and uh, I know it's the old and the table and they're wonderful lights as a kid. There you go. He's causing the old abugas. Okay, and dumb man, she's just gone. 5 6 7 0 5 60 by the way, Dick Findberger, if you're listening, I should have mentioned this earlier because a new pompot park copy. It says, have you heard the new song? Why can't we blow up Saddam by the Austin lounge wizards? Have we heard that? No. No, have it heard it. Haven't heard it, Dick, but if somebody can give me a copy, it will be, in fact, it says on here. Oh, no, I thought maybe the email that to us or something like that, no, they didn't. I'm thinking of something else. And we haven't heard that. We don't know where to get it, but we sure like to have a copy of it, Dick. I just mentioned that for my close personal friend, Dick Findberg, who probably is sitting right next to Dell man. She's right now. And Bob Boe Mar and Buddy Gilmore and Levi Harner. What are you laughing about? It's serious business. I'm sure it is. And of course, the McNight's Ed McNight Jr. and senior and all these people. Here's plantation. Hello. Hey, I don't pal. Pretty good, pal. Listen, a couple of things. In other words, these people, Dorine and all these went, they're loosened for this and that, they're worsened out, huh? By the way, something I want to say to you. Hi, pal. Yes, they are. Okay, listen up. Was it Doctor Who kind of, you're, I'm going to split with that Bruce Berkowitz? No. No. Okay. It's not this thing real quick. Public now is putting covers in front of a like clammer and certain women's magazines, because the moral majority called them and said it's, it's not in proper case when you go to pay to check out things. So I cannot put that's not it. The first murder before you baby, taken gigantic strides back into the stone age. I mean, they said, I said, how about the star and the ink wire and the glow. That was, yeah. They don't, I mean, these probably make in under $1,000, you're on profit off of this and then the more majority, the Bible felt people are complaining that they're showing too much cleavage on the clatter and vote. I think they're not showing enough cleavage. Yeah. Okay, closing up your late 50,000 for the end of the week. Okay, thanks, pal. But we're trying to raise 100,000. What we were, that's what George is talking. I think we're getting to 25. We usually do like 89 90ish. You're crazy, man. We're, we usually do. You're, you're dreaming. You're dittler with a man. You know what you're talking about? That's an association. You're thinking in the past days when we used to raise over 100 grand every year. Like it was falling off a log. No problem. No sweat on IOD because every other show participated in it. Right. Even though I talked it, they did appearances whether they were, it was like a group effort on this radio station. We're like lost on an island out in the middle of the guy that met a terrain. We're like on Corsica somewhere. It was like on what though, we're like on Elba with Napoleon, Easter Island. Although I do like a good Napoleon. Friends look pine. Nobody called him tell you to answer that yet. No. But why do you say it that way? Like no, you're, you're, you're sad, man. I know you were asking me. Well, who, who, how would George be known at George ain't taking a call? I know a lot to screen calls. I just, I just asked where they're from. But you see they wouldn't, you wouldn't have to screen them if they would just call say, well, I'll, I'll tell no, Neil, for, no, Nelly. I told him to hang up on anybody that says that. Oh, I see all orders. You're following, or you're taking orders from George. He's got the naked pictures. I see. 127 at five, 60 WQ. If you want to see the best in horse race, somelcasting, speaking of the del mange, he said over to Pompano Park, harness. Pompano Park, harnesses open seven days and nights a week featuring the best in harness, doorburn, the highlight action from all across North America for you to watch and wage your on and general parking and admission are always free. In your plentiful, free seating, hundreds of TVs to view your favorite track from, or get you a private box seat with your own TV monitor for just a couple of bucks. And it's all done in a smoke free environment to people in the York would be proud. Come watch and wage your this Saturday September 27th on the $400,000 Kentucky Futurity and the $300,000 Bluegrass date at Lexington's Red Mile. You've been there, have you? Oh, and don't forget racing fans, Pompano Park will be back next to you with a start of their 40th anniversary season of great harness racing, beading Friday, October 10 with the return of high stakes poker too. If you like your poker, Pompano Park, a block south Atlantic Volvara and Power Line road call 9504-972-2000 for daily summer cast race schedule or check them out on the web every day at pompanopark.com and find out the complete summer cast schedule. Pompano Park, horsepower you can plunge on. Roar! Journative's road! win away! ait You be the big yabang to die. Cry! I'll smack your hand and lose a feeling body the way you die. A rat! Throw away him. You get my bones rolled all in strong. Cry! If you carry their body to hold it in no care if it's raw. You're not a big yabang. You just be my son. The kind of big, please, I. You know how to prove that. You gotta deal with those things you've done. Go! Twenty-seven till two at five sixty-one. If you're a good contest, it's the biggest bitch, the reener screw-an. We'll just take it inside the building. Probably be a flat-footed tie. Here's the call from Fort Lauderdale. Good afternoon Neil. Yes sir, good afternoon to you. I might have an answer to you to your thing Neil. I know that day. Do you think it's a mother-button of Sian Denny's? What do you think, George? Your thing talks? Hello. Go ahead. George is trying to be a comedian. Go ahead Neil? Yes. Yes. It's not a funny divide. It's a mother-button of Sian. Sir, listen to me. Mother-button of Sian. Mother-button of Sian. It's a kind of a dessert that they serve at a particular restaurant, which I think it was taken ale, but maybe someplace else. Okay. All right. I misunderstood you. But getting back to what's called horse meat Neil, it was Ali Sheeb of a one-to-contecutive dairy that they brought over to Japan for breeding purposes. And when it's breeding, it's not actually, I guess, dry up to stuff. Right. Not a good stuff. They put them into what they call it. It's enough. And to the glue factory, and I was doing it really got the people in Kentucky. And they've actually signed a petition now that any champions, right, and all that. They go over to Japan for breeding purposes that they have a right to divide them back if they're going to go to the slaughterhouse. That's what's caused a big problem over there. And you're going to write on the head. Originally from Boston, Neil, and Greg and Zyte's dream is the best. Especially when you sprinkle those Jimmy's on there. I'll see it Quincy Market. 560560. How I always say, like, little things like that at the end. It's like, yeah. And then I wonder, why did I say that inside? Some people will. And I go, why? That I waste my time doing it. Well, the 30 people that get it. 560560. So we got $23,490. Now, how do you like that, Mr. Hachah? Good. Got Almighty. It's just embarrassing. And you're right. It's hard to admit it. See, and a Q and I OD was no different either. It was different on this as far as the fundraiser because the whole station was involved. It was station. But in terms of anything that the station couldn't make a buck on, and what immediately comes to mind is those glorious vagus trips. The Bob Lincoln. Oh, yeah. Talk about being left in the lurch. Hang out to dry. Thanks a lot Bob Green. You little smuck. You little pusala. See, they didn't care. They wouldn't get involved. Well, you wanted to do what you know. It's his problem. You know, why to do it. And basically, because they couldn't make a profit on it, the station wouldn't lift a finger to do anything that extricate us from that nightmare of Bob Lincoln and those vagus trips. Oh, not one. But two, not having learned my lesson the first time because I'm a schmuck. Remember that? I did. I did. Damn, you're, damn, you're putting in a pine box because of the stress of that. And once again, but they don't care. They don't care about doing anything for the community or for the audience. They'll put on a front up. Oh, well, we're going to have a golf tournament. How many dollars to go really wide of go to the charity? About 30 minutes golf tournaments. Who the hell are they kidding? Just like just like that golf course. What's what they'll golf course? Was it you remember you won't? And I won't either because I hate golf. I remember they were outraged and they sent me that letter and they said, We're going to copy this screw-and-win it. Can about the OJ thing and they were all, I'll write. And then, you know, like two weeks later, oh, and QAM is going to be a such and such golf. They were right back. They're sucking each other's ass again. You know, they don't care. Finding anybody. It's really going to be principles or stands on principle. Man, you could find one in a billion. I forget about. I saved that letter. Did you? That's somewhere. It'll go get you. Well, look, look, I'm on the board. I'd like to find out that any of that golf course again because Bob had a bunch of two-faced phony bastards they were. There were sucking screw-ands ass about two weeks after that indignant letter. And we were outraged and Mr. Rout and then I talked about on the ear and they were like long gone. I'm putting it in the fax machine right now. Oh, you got it? Good. Excellent. Let me rip them and ask, too. Maybe I can help screw-and-lose an account. I'd love to do it, screw-and anything I could do to help you lose money, and take sleep out of your life. Maybe I have a few sleepless nights rolling and turning and twisting in the anking, although I'm sure you'd unplenty of that. Which team is she going to be doing that with? Roy! Here's some rise, hello. Neil, how you doing? Pretty good? I'm a French silk pie. I mean, that's a dessert that's made in a lot of the turns, but I don't know. You see you did a lot of the bishy-in. I might have taken what you. That's his phony. He's breaking up. Your phone is breaking up real bad. Well, I'm sorry, is that better? A little better, yeah. Yeah, I used to eat it at big boy. And I was thinking maybe that's where you used to have it. No, I have big boys to me. The strawberry pie was the famous thing for big boy. Lies, brothers, not just in Michigan, but everywhere. In fact, there's one on the Davy Road extension. Yeah, well, no, there's a shone there. I don't think there's a big boy. Oh, that's right, shoneies. But shoneies was big boy, also shoneies and a lies brother's big boy. Well, they still have a lies, but there's up a Michigan. And I used to get it there all the time. So I was thinking maybe because you were a Michigan used to get it there. Now, I'm thinking it's off-floor to the basically it's steak and ale, which I don't even know if they're in business anymore, steak and all. These are pretty good place. There's a steak and ale still on commercial just west of the term pie. I can still there. Okay. So, okay. Well, sorry. I thought it might have been big boy. I'll see you in Lafagna. Okay. Take care. Skiper's table. What I was with those of the days, man, when men were men, Wolverine harness raceway. Jack, race, Connor races. Tarness racing in the evening. And the president he afternoon driving between one track and the other. How did he like that, George? Oh, I like it a lot. Oh, my fast paper is messed up. Oh, I mean, damn it. I don't want to let me do the break. Not better, I've straightened up. Might be something important. Oh, I'm trying to do something important because it's whatever the thing is you were facts. You see, that was an active God probably. Oh, good. To get my attention to the facts machine real quick, because aren't you facts me that thing and the thing is jammed up again. Okay. Oh, the break. I just refuses to come through probably the QAM block. Probably they be easily. They put the block on the line to make sure I can't get a hold of that thing. 20 till 2 a QAM. Hey, if you want to plunge your guts out, you want to do it in peace and make sure that your money gets back to you when you have it coming. VIP sports work dot com are people you can trust. These aren't people located in the juggles of some tenth world country or on another planet or in as they say in China, Yenemsville. These are people the oldest and largest sports book in the Netherlands. 100% legal licenses well listen to me. Call VIP sports book dot com right now at 1 866 VIP bets because they are to put it simply soft float as best sports book. You can trust them. You can know them. You can plunge your guts out with them. Sign up now. You can bet all the soft float of football and basketball teams do free all year long. You want to bet on the dolphins? Well, good luck to you. It's 100 to 100. You want to bet on the hurricanes against one of those little girls teams they play. It's 100 to 100. So, forget about the vigorous. All signups get a 20% cash bonus too. Not some funny money match play bonus from my Yenemsville. I like saying Yenemsville, why don't you say it? Yenemsville. Oh, I need the Yenems here. Right. VIP sports book dot com right. I'm not sure you find them online or even not to bet. Work on it. Or call them toll free at 1 866 VIP bets. He don't know them from Yenemsville. That phone number again is 1 866 VIP bets. Be sure and tell me heard about it on WQAM. Please. VIP sports book dot com where you be the VIP. My life and law. This is 42550. You want a new A&M. Girl, I can't do cool. I don't care if you do cool. That's nice. When she turned off all the lights, there's no crazy girl. I'm on the way. Oh, she was gonna get her. Oh, she went out to kill her. Oh, she went out to kill her. Oh, she went out to kill her. Oh, she went out to kill her. That's nice. One day, the cherry's gonna set free on day. We're all we know we've got to head your way. Oh, yes. We don't think gonna get you. If true, oh, yes, you don't have come after you. And then we'll get away with that one too. Oh, yes, oh, yes. Oh, she's gonna get you. Oh, she's gonna get you. Oh, she's gonna get you. Oh, she's gonna get you. Oh, oh, yes, oh, yes. One night. Okay, okay, okay. You killed me. Oh, you killed me. Oh, okay, okay. Okay, okay, okay. You killed me. Oh, you killed me. Oh, you killed me. Oh, beautiful. She's gonna get you. Oh, she's gonna get you, nice. Oh, she's gonna get you. She's gonna get you. Oh, oh, she's gonna get you. Oh, she's gonna get you. I was in trouble the first time Norma Kent brought me for the tour of the building after I signed a contract with Beesley Greed, broadcasting, and we walked through that building, a real toilet, the carpets were like, yeah, all milledude all the salt running with mong and cumb and crap on it. And I walked through there and I see on the walls of two offices screw and when it car sales managerists and Philist, so whatever, I don't even know what her life name is. Don't even say it. I see all these pictures of OJ and I'm thinking of myself, are these people crazy and then come to find out that they're like big groupies because anybody was a jackstrap. Oh, you see, that's part of the whole sickness of the radio station, the whole concept of this sort of incentive obsessive like, we reasonably not obsessed not, you know, over the line, got to a lot of ball games, hockey games, you know, like your average ordinary bag, I mean guy, but there's something really, really there's an element far beyond which we've ever been exposed to before before we came to QM, I think you would be the first to agree with that. Yeah, an element of sorts like neurosis that even Freud would have been shocked and dismayed with. Yeah. Anyway, here's that letter from Machu Picard, the general manager of the Lago Mar Country Club in plantation, no less. And about the blind sighting us with OJ Simpson and on second thought you just played light was, and Yadi Adi Adi and we were surprised and very reluctant host and your strategy to get him on a property was underhanded but effective and you're coming to me that all publicity is good publicity may hold true for radio station, but not for a country club. The only protection we have from a recurrence when dealing with these seatful people is not to deal with them. Therefore, WQM will not be welcome back at a Lago Mar. Additionally, Lago Mar will in the future rectal advertising dollars away from QM. This was dated October 1st, 1999. I think since then they've had a few tournaments. I've heard of that. But QM out there could be wrong about that, but I'm things to tell you now. Because I know we're like almost immediately after this that the smoke past maybe maybe ESC went out there personal, you know, and kiss some wood, I mean Tiger's wood and you know, made up and kissed. But I'm going to save this for my file for my diarrhea because this is really special. This is really choice just to go to show you. The kind of crap that they pull for anybody listening who's like a relatively new listener, we're doing a fundraiser. And I absolutely, because I despise golf and I know that most of those golf tournaments very, very little of the money goes to the charity anyway. I don't want to get involved. Oh, no, it's going to be great. Baba, Baba, and they were just using us so they could get in and once again using the charity as a way to, you know, siphon money out of the golf club and to go in there and pitch a whole big song to dance. And Tracy Caracito, who worked with us at WID in those days with the promotion director and I told him specifically and you said, and I knew the witness. Yes. If OJ is coming, we don't want anything to do with it. Oh, no problem. He's not going to be there and we promise you when we swear up and down and that's the only way they got us to go along with getting involved in a golf tournament for center one for charity at that time. Right. They like to hit. Come to find out behind the scenes. Here's Greg Reed, here's Scran, here's San the promotion man. Back in those days, the dearly departed San, the illegal alien woman, Heli, came from Venezuela, but have been a banana on his knee and they're pulling all the strings and setting up for OJ to fly down there, paying for the plane tickets and they're got the limo to pick him up and bring him to the golf tournament. San puts him on the phone, tries to put him on the air with me that day. Then you had a stroke on the air that day over that. Couldn't believe it. Couldn't believe it. And then of course, I'll try to lie their way out of it, made San the sacrificial lamb and fired his ass. And of course, he just didn't show up again. San the one day he disappeared. What? San the lamb. San the lamb. Not that anybody shen any tears over that because he never looked at a finger anyway, but nevertheless. And that should have told us everything we needed to know about Greg Reed, measly weed broadcasting, screw-in, when it can a whole concept of really going out and getting involved in the community, raising money for charity, doing something positive that you really don't have to do, just because you want to do something. Yeah, like that. But what does it have to do with sports? What does it have to do with sports? What does it have to do with making us any money? Any profit to keep the beeslies off his ass? And the answer is nothing. No. I'm going to head it now from this whole deal. You know? I just can't believe it. You can knock me over with a feather, just to right now. One of these days, I'm going to get you. Just like, oh, gee, I'm going to get you. I'm just going to sit here. You're not going to have any idea how long I can sit here in a way that I can. No long time, Mr. Leave you me. I'm very good at that. I'm just staring out the window. It's a beautiful day by the way. The sun shining. It looks really nice and fighting. Place for a nice lunch in a few minutes about seven to be exact. Who's counting? But holy, Toledo. What a bunch of rapers. That's what we have a QM man. Rap, no wonder most talking about rap all the time. Because it's a plate is a rape place. Like it says in that sign on the wall, right to your right. Just give us the effin money. That's all. Just give us the effin money. Like I was talking about yesterday, the client feedback sheets. And they looked at that. And they looked at me like I was like, I was a crazy person. Are you out of your mind? Because you're on a note, the clients are getting results from your show. I mean, you must be a crazy person. We don't play that game here at QAM. Like today that we had the threat of that hurricane and Brian Norr cross was under hyperventilating and scourine. And I'm desperately asking, well, we're doing these spots. But are some of these people like open today? Are these restaurants open? I mean, because Mayor Pingu Piccini was on a year of screaming in the yellow and everybody should like batten down the hatches. But I was the hurricane that went up to Palm Beach and never hit a couple of years ago. But I hope it won't work. And meanwhile, behind our backs, Grant was telling the sales department, oh, don't call your clients because then they'll cancel their spots today. Remember that? Of course I do. Like it was yesterday. Just give us the money. We don't care if you're going to do any business today or not. We don't care if your spots are going to be effective. But you just got a contract there. Give us the effin money. It's in hand it over, man. It's like a stick up. You know what they, well, you know those things that they put on a wall called stick stick clear to the stench? That's what that's what it is. There's a stench of stick up. This is a good idea. First stick up. So while you people listen like I said before, when I said freeze, it's a stick up. Okay. Yeah. Right through your guy named Speaker. Man, am I worked up about that guy named bogus thing with that scrowan and Miguel and Dorian. Scrowan wasn't even involved. And that must he probably was. He probably had her finger in it. Can you imagine? I don't know about it. 155 and 560 QA by now you've been here to talk about Laminates Arrest and how Laminated would flooring from Laminates Arrest is the easy to smart little man and Salt and the natural wood flooring which is nice but mighty expensive. Laminates Arrest is the best place to find Laminated wood flooring from Peridore, Pergo Wilson Art Unifluer and Quiftest. They've got all the top names all installed by Pergo certified installers. Here's another smart reason to call Laminates Arrest. Their prices are so low. It'll floore you. Right now get there's September kickoff special for just 1995 bucks. That's right. There's 1995 gets you have to 380 square feet of beautiful Laminate wood flooring. Unbeatable. Uh, and Laminates Arrest will match any legitimate written offer too. For a free and home estimate, call Laminates Arrest toll free and tell them that old cranky Neal told you to call 1-877-777-3336. What could be easier? They give you free carpet disposal. Free furniture moving at 25 year warranty and years and eons of beautiful easy care Laminate wood flooring. Call Laminates Arrested A toll free. It's the smart thing to do. Call 1-877-777-777. Call 1-877-3336. 5-6-566. 3-0-1. P-O-A-N. W-U-A-N. Go-B-O. It's the video to hot for TV. Free, scorn wild. Find out what these wild men of a clock do when they lose their colours. It's wild, wild, wild. See, France systems vigorously are noinsing their flock. The body dominates and sprogging in an after-hours vingo boiler. It's all on free's gone wild. Free's gone wild is hot and as fairly illegal seminary students, Barter Rosary Beads at Marty Grough. Tell the light order today. Free's gone wild. Order now where see the bonus video. Seminary slots. They're young. They're hot and they're sharing a steamy sauna. Operators are standing by so order now. To order free's gone wild, have your credit card hand in call 1-800 UltraBoard. May not be suitable for children over 15. Okay, here's the deal on the pool. Best fast food chain when he's 166 Taco Bell 72, Quiz us 48, stay can shake 35, McDonald's 33, RB's 30, about 30. Kentucky Fried Chicken 24, Sonic 20, subway 20, Burger King 18 and downhill from there. And by the way, Doreen, McGill says he wouldn't do you with your juice. Bye bye bye. Go fuck your behind, go back behind it again or under it.