That's a great deal. Whoah! Baby launch a couple missiles. To our place we know. The name on that of Phela. Whose first name begins with hope. There's one thing we all understand. You're healthy, though won't be finished. Until we blow up Pakistan. Alright, we could chase them round forever. With our tanks and all our troops. Break hate guilt, but special forces are so tired. I've jumped in through them rules. You'd throw only need another airplane. Now let's cut out all the nonsense. And we'll blow up Pakistan. Break hate guilt. We can't get a needs and nuclear tank. We're white don't we stop pussy food. And we'll blow up Pakistan. Kill some people. Let's go on, Mitch. I'd like to hear the beast on Christmas on New Year's Day. Would you really? Yeah, you know the guy you fired. Who fired him? You did. How are you guys in the tower? Hey, Mitch, let me ask you a question. Based on what intelligent insight do you have this information? You fired him. How would you know that? You fired him. How would you know that? Shut up once and ask the question. You fired. Answer the question. More on. You asshole. Oh, wait hang on. Must be another one. You're married. What? You can't ask the question. How would you know that? And then we keep repeating so. You know what it sounds like to me? Another one of the train monkeys. That listens to ginger riders. Because that's always got his train monkeys. That listens to that jackass. I know three at five sixty WQM happy Monday to you know something George? No. Sometimes what comes around goes around. You know what I'm saying? And payback is a bitch. Oh, Greg. Just just by accident without doing anything. I caused a man without even knowing I was doing it. That's the best part. A lot of angst over the weekend. And I'm ecstatic about it. I got two words for you, Greg. Terinoid and delusional. Look them up in the dictionary. Have somebody look them up for you. Have the water not see. Look up those words for you. Perinoid and delusional as in kind of like losing it. I think are leading. Yeah. Maybe he's a couple of realization that after he had last year he's messed up so many day parts that he can't put it. He's done the Humpty Dumpty to QM. Can't put them together yet. Yeah. So I was just saying to people usually the other day. Oh man. I'm serious. If the audience had any idea of what's gone on the last like since the show I'm Friday. They all be committing themselves the institutions to rubber rooms. Think it's going to start getting very crowded in there. Had a lot of responses, not votes because it wasn't a kind of a pull where you'd be 1629 responses to our pull on Friday. Saturday March 1st was the old 27th anniversary on here. How long have you been listening? We asked you just how curiosity is sake. And also did Carlos did a great job of getting new bedtime stories up again Saturday and Sunday which I facts to him. Anybody see him? No. I must have been a few. I don't know. We'll try another couple of weekends and see if it builds up on a weekend. See what I'm saying? No problem. No. I'm serious. I mean if it's worthwhile and people want to read that stuff on there, then we'll be delighted to put it on there. If not, if it's just an exercise, we don't want to do that to wait. No. Just a freaking exercise? Because all of you who's believed me don't do no exercise. There you go. 481 people have been listening over 10 years now. Really when you come right down with, it doesn't make any difference what the numbers are here. Because still most of our people can't vote on these polls for whatever reason could be a well-suxt. But the percentages remain very consistent throughout 29.6% of the Saudi's bill is over 10 years, 360 for over 15 years, 22.2%. Since we came to QAM 5 years, 270 to 16.7%. Over 20 years, 222. There's that 222 again. You like that? Or just change the 223. 13.6% of a couple of years 154. All 27 years, this is shocking. 82 people, which is 5% of the over 1600 people who have put their thing on this. Me, they're Mark. Let the stain. 5% of the listing, all 27 years. That is because first of all, do you realize how many of those people must be dead? What are you chuckling when I say that? There's nothing funny about that. Including we got the first week of KAT told me, you'll never make any year when this market, Mr. You'll never make any year. You suck. That old guy, he's dead. Oh, yeah. He didn't make it a year. In fact, now that I think back on it, do you realize how many people I worked with with a WKTR-D? No. A lot of a lot. Sonny Hirsch? Right. Joe Fried, Bob Allen? Um, I'm thinking. I think you're all done. I do believe I'm not sure. I think so. A lot of dead people from KAT including most of the audience because those of us who were working here, we were like teenagers compared to the audience. It was basically the old Jew audience, as what it was around the beach back when Jews lived on the beach before you people moved them out or heard and sent them out all the way up to Boca. Anyway, a couple years, 154, all 27 years, 82, less than six months. They'll see these last two categories very revealing. Less than six months only 30, about 30. 1.8% less than a year, 22, 1.3% so only 3.1% of the audience in that number stayed very all the numbers, the percentages stayed consistent all the way through. Because there's nothing really crank on this kind of a survey. Why bother? Right. 3.1% of the last year. But now that we got those billboards up and up and forms me this morning that he saw my billboard on a way to work and it was just magnificent. I'm 95 in Pembroke Road to their boots. Have you seen it? No. Huh? No. Have you haven't seen it? No. How about Carlos? You've seen it? No. Well, what are you guys laughing about? This is all the psychosis about the billboards. We got to get these billboards up. I take their word for it. Hey, by the way, Greg, right in our much-check already. Okay, and stop back and let an asshole stop being a smuck. Stop being paranoid and delusional. Tea line he isn't going to work for Cox. I'm not going to work for Clear Channel. George isn't leaving to go to work for the light bulb. Y'all he's not going to go do the Panther play by play. Speaking of the Panthers, Panthers here in Toronto tonight. Sure, pick the nice day, Rimmer. And I get off easy. No meals for him or you want it or why? Why? Too cold. Too cold. That's her it. He picked a one this day today. It looks beautiful from my window where I said, now the sun is shining. It's kind of Vegas, blue sky again, but. But. Let me give you an accurate temperature right now. Okay. The windshield is minus 33 and the temperature is minus 24. Celsius. So if I 50 below zero. And windy. All right. I take that. Yeah. Winds the 12 kilometer. If I seven miles an hour. It's going to be to be a high of minus 13 today. About eight degrees Fahrenheit. So it's just this one bizarre day. So when he panther fans that came up here for the game tonight. Sorry. Sorry, Miss. A man and Mr. Pick the bad day. So kind of day we just stay inside all day long. And hope for the smoke to clear it. Smallville was great yesterday. Did see that. Talk about that a little bit. Have a nice facts about that. Also want to thank a couple of factors. Came in at the end of the show on Friday. Here's one from our friend crazy John at little caboose. What is that under? Is it under caboose that thing where PD Lemmy's daughter did that thing? I don't know what mom is says about the meat. Guys are sharp and she found a true. Yeah. I didn't forget your anniversary happy 27th PS Peter Leonard is still an asshole. Ha ha. Best of luck in the future. Thanks again. Crazy John at little caboose. It'll turn your loser up there on in your field beach to offer a soft car line road. Thanks crazy John. And a real nice fact. Don't let me forget to tell you what Greg almost gave me for my anniversary. Okay. Another stroke. But I'll tell you about that. Paranoid and delusional. Crazy person Greg you're losing at baby. You're losing it. You can't see. Remember what happened to Pinocchio how his nose kept growing longer and longer and longer and lighter. Well with Greg it's that hole in the head. It just keeps getting deeper and deeper and deeper and pretty soon it's going to like She'll write out his back home. I think. Just calm down Greg. Okay. Just take care of this. Start paying some people to live up to your expectations and everything will be just fine. Okay. And don't be bugging me with a bunch of crap that I don't know anything about. There was a series of phone calls here. Oh I guess who could did call before I get to the armadiloccafay facts. Yo costelokalbe. Right. That was one of my few rational calls over the unfriety. Yo called just to see how I was doing. And then I had that little stroke. So remember that thing with Jim Sarni on Friday that idiotic column where he ripped the guys in as though and they filled in for a hang last week. Talk. I forget because that we're talking about Britney Sears. I think you're starting to see your snorting cocaf the toilet see the idiotia. Well I hate to break the news to you Jim Sarni who says, oh well you start with that stuff instead of sports and air goes to sports audience. Guess who inspired them to talk about that. Let me give you one clue. Oh right. There you go. The mad dog was talking about that as he is want to do about Britney and who's the hottest in the mall. And that story about her supposedly snorting cocaf the seat and so in the tablet. It's said I'm in song. So they picked up on it. Which has been able to happen on this station. Like in the morning, especially. And the Jim Sarni and I know this didn't criticize the mad dog for that because he would never do that because you wouldn't have the balls to do that. Jim Sarni would you would you have the balls you don't have even one little baby Sarni. But Jill and Mark who are easy pickens and of course who didn't belong on the afternoon anyway although from all accounts he did a fine show is what I heard. Yeah that's what Joe said. Well I mean he's impartial. He said they did a fine show. I said they had a lot of calls they touched all the bases. Everybody was happy said even muffin clearance or one or maybe both came in and. And looked around the edges of both of them. Which I didn't know that they were their type. But nevertheless that's what I heard that's what he said good said they had a good time. But Jim Sarni got a throw a cheap shot because he doesn't have the balls to throw a cheap shot in any of the. A full time sports center is on QAM. So he picks on a couple of underlings Joe Joe. Well what's his name is hundred dog friends see out of sight out of mind Joe Rose. Who knows who the hell he is. Gap to that no more. Seriously I forgot his name there for just a half a second that's what a stroke of duty a Greg. Give me all stressed out here with a bunch of psychotic calls and of course he don't make the call. He's got his lackey poured duck. You wonder why duck was halfway to the loony been last summer because duck has to do all the dirty work because Greg don't have the balls to deal with your face to face either on a phone or even in person. Except me can psychotic calls with a lot of forward words to my lawyer to court of his six on Friday afternoon. Hey Greg. Yeah pay back to bits we'd art I'm glad that Norm got your all psychotic. It's about time you're on a receiving end of some of the crap you're always dishing out with everybody. Well deserved paranoid and delusional. Anyway here's the nice facts from our friends at armadillo cafe Kevin and Eve. Congratulations on twenty seven years here in South Florida from all of us here at the armadillo you help getting the word out 14 years ago. A bodice here in TV and the move to our new location last year we made a big difference you're the bomb it's it. How do you like that the bomb the bomb. P.S. we're going to be open for lunch for you soon. We love to bring you some taste next time you down in Florida. Thanks for all your help. Kevin at the armadillo cafe and that nice very nice. Very nice. Thanks Kevin. Okay, we'll give you the new pool. We'll give you a like go a whole a whole bunch of crap also that small bill thing. I did think that was really cute there at the end when they did a little P.S.A together right stem cells baby. Yes stem cells and of course the president said no he's still going to put you guys in sales if you don't stop making trouble. 913 at five sixty wq a monob beautiful Monday man is son of shining it's at least almost 15 below zero that bad. He's still reluctant about ordering a bed over the phone don't be because over a million people of bottom actress over the phone from our friends at dialometrist plus hundreds more are doing their few weeks mark people. You know our good friends at dialometrist by now I hope we talk to them about them all the time on his show and nothing is a bigger impact on your life each and every day than a great night sleep. Call 1-800-MATT-RES right now and you'll have a great night sleep from dialometrist believe me because I use them all the time just call 1-800 mattress the easiest piece of shopping you'll ever do. They carry silly surdu simmons and king core larry size and style and dialometrist is right numeral uno and customer satisfaction. dialometrist is more repeat and referral customers than anybody else because they know how to treat their customers right and once you buy a mattress and dialometrist you'll never go back to a show where we can. Don't forget when you buy a mattress and dialometrist they set up and take away the crappy old vetting absolutely free heard me right. dialometrist sets up the new and takes away the crappy old vetting for free so make the call now to dialometrist and drag great night sleep for weeks and months and years to come call 1-800-MATT-RES. That's 1-800-MATT for dialometrist the easiest as smart as possible way to buy you a great name brand mattress at an unbeatable price. My local year sports video 5-60-U.A.M. Yeah. Yeah. M-O-N-D-A-O-I-S-U-C-K-S. Oh no. You're not unmasked to be still the direct syndrome players present Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet. What light through your window break it is the East and Juliet is the slot you pay your parents. I think the world is playing a real presentation of Romeo and Juliet on tonight. I think the end of the day. I think we've got a short show today by the way we're up 10 minutes early 12-5-1 in like last Thursday we got Marlins exhibition baseball. No segment Marlins in the Dodgers at all because I'm definitely not on the ride. But it's only 10 minutes. I will take it. We'll take any extra edge we can get. You know what I'm saying? Right. Here's our poll question in today. Who was or is the most despised public figure in South Florida history? I'm sure there'll be more names added to the list. I couldn't think of any. I thought it was a good poll question but I think if you're like all I'm any candidates. I'm sure I left many out. Well these are the real contenders right here. You think I did a good job? I've only got five. I mean somebody, I mean we could come up with some more but I don't think anybody that's going to come close to these people. Maybe somebody online five has got it here. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yes I'm warning you. Okay. Hey I love you doing a great job. I'm happy. Okay thank you. Okay here was. Who's pushing that far enough and she think? Yeah that's a loop. I was wanting her people. I'm a little lame. And because yeah my little. Who was or is the most despised public figure in South Florida history? And while I've got so far as H Wayne Hive Zingha. Myor landscape. Mm hmm. Although he was too walking his dog and Collins Avenue when he lived on the beach. Joe Carrillo. Alice Pingu Piccania Penelis. Or Mohal or David and that's all I got so far right. Have you think Maurice variable on his under? Why not? Why not is not a very enthusiastic response? Not why not. Why wish he was she when? No well who who was that guy with the suits? Remember the hot suits? Sure is how wasn't Maurice for Ray. Are you talking about Xavier Swaris? Did he hot suits? What did he? Was that his thing? I see they all. He was going around the day and morning not get on people's door to get there. But he is bathroom and he certainly deserves it. Okay Xavier Swaris okay. We're adding to these okay now you're marking these down? Yes. Xavier Swaris. Oh well that's the order. This will be something for the audience to do. Oh look at that. Are we putting on the rings on the? What? Are we putting Maurice on there? No he went for what? Just asking. Just because he was dumb. I mean you get disficed somebody just because they're dumb. That would be like an amazing Greg. You know we can't help but that's just him. His middle name is oh I guess who died by the way. And who is he talking about? Oh yeah that. And I can't find a twist. We can't find a song either. We got 8 million oldies from the 60s in there. We can't find the twist. Can't find the twist book of runners all alas Simon for you. Because I'm sure it's how I got to go out and buy any records when it's 15 below 0 out. It's just this one. It's not that it's all I called here yesterday was okay tomorrow's going to be like 36. We just have this one bizarre frigid day. For remember in the panthers I guess. Anyway, Hank ballard's dead. He died. These singers are ready to heroic the twist. I should've nationwide dance craze in the 1960s. He's dead. Ballard who was suffering from throat cancer. DiGestadate is home friends B.S. Friend and caretaker Anna Ayala said ballard's birth record indicated he was born in 1927. But biographical information list is birthday to 1936. So you pick whichever one you kind like most birthday, you know. It's probably about 9 years apart. He would claim to be like maybe 55 and 9 years at it. He was just a very good man and loved by so many people Ayala said in 1958 Ballard wrote and recorded the twist. But it was only released on the B side of a record. A year later, Chubby Checker debuted as own version of the twist on Dick Clark's Philadelphia TV show. It soon topped the charts and launched the dance craze that prompted the creation of other twist songs including Twist and shout by the Isle brothers, twist and the eye to away by Sand Cook and then of course to follow in year. Chubby Checker desperate to bring it back. Let's twist again like we did last summer. Remember that? Right? What about peppermint twist? Joey D in the Starlighters. The reason that they did that, they used to perform the twist at a place that was the name of the joint. In Jersey I guess, or in Philly I don't know. I had no idea. That was the name of the lounge. The peppermint twist lounge. Do you know that? Nope. There you go. It's not even 930 yet. Now already we're learning on this educational program. Oh man. Let's go. The peppermint lounge was the name of the place where they performed. And that's where the peppermint twist came from. The only reason I know that is because I saw a show a couple of weeks ago about the twist. And it was, I'm one of my funky channels, you know. And the whole thing was about the origin of the twist. It was pretty corny, but it was okay. Guess what else I saw? I'm the same funky channel not too long ago. Oh, that movie you were talking about? No, refer madness. You! I know! I know! It's cool! I don't know! I'm stupid! Yeah, I'm stupid! Yeah, I'm stupid! Just when they were doing the thing, play a faster. Faster than that whole pixel. Yeah, it was great. It was great. Faster! Faster! Faster! Faster! Faster! Faster! Faster! Faster! Faster! We got back! Yeah! And of course he had that craze. When he felt like he was playing the piano hit that craze you look. He liked to look on Greg's face when he was in there in front of you. A lot of eye shadow. On Greg? Singer, songwriter, hallowed by Harold Ballard, his dad. I'd ask him, Harold Ballard. Whatever. Hank Ballard. Harold Ballard was the hated owner of the Toronto Maple. You see that was a slip of the tongue. But they're both dead now. That'd be a good pull to take some day because this audience is very hockey intensive. Who is the most despised public figure in South Florida history? H. Wayne, H. Zingham, myor, landscape, Joe, Carreño. That wasn't a good one. Joe, Carreño. You got to take a deep breath. Alex Penales, Mohour, David, and Xavier Swars. That's the short list. I'm sure we'll have many additions. Fort Lauderdale. Hey, how about Sheriff Nick? Nick, the virus is a good one. Thank you very much. Thank you. Huh? You don't like that? Excellent. Are you kidding me? I might vote for that. I see. I'll decide out of mind. You know, except that time I saw him and trying to meet the... ...roost-free. Going away. Navarro. He's the cause of so much grievance. I know. He has today. Navarro. Navarro. He's leaving. Navarro. He's just a good step away. Just a good step away. We got Colleen Cheek Mohamed. We got him over to Wakein. Let's hear it. All right. But now we'll be safe. Now we won't. In fact, the headlines and a lot of the newspapers this morning is now that they got him. It's likely we're going to have a lot more terrorist attacks now. Because they stirred the nest and got a lot of arrows. Pistons. Geez. That's how that works. I don't know. We'll find out, I guess. Stay tuned. So anyway, speaking of beautiful actresses, and I'm really ashamed that none of you people out there ever got your finger on her. And I bet you'd like to. I'm watching this horrible movie over the weekend called Incredible, invisible circus with Cameron Diaz. And so the actress who plays her sister in the movie who's just a beautiful, I'd say she was in this movie maybe like in early 20s, like 23 or 4-ish. Yeah. Would jet black hair and just one of the most beautiful women I've ever seen in my life. And I've been talking to God. She looks awfully familiar. So at the end of the movie, I've clicked on the thing to see. Make sure I got the right name of the movie. And I went to the internet and I put it in invisible circus. And sure enough, Cameron Diaz and Jordanne Brewster. And so I go to Jordanne Brewster. I do a search on her to see who it else she is. And sure enough, she was on as the world turns and all my children. I remember not too many years ago, raiding about how beautiful she was and all my as the world turns because it used to be on right before guiding light. Yeah. Two ends. Would this make a difference? Well, I'm going to do a story. I'm going to put it on a pool. I didn't know we didn't like her. No, I'm going to look her up. I don't know. Just one end. Jordanne with one end. Brewster. As in punky. Punky pie. You ever saw her? No. Man, she is. She makes Brittany look like a pola dog poop. Well, I may be getting a little carried away. You know, but she's a lot harder than Brittany will ever be. I'm serious. She is just beautiful. And I remember going on here when they in sin back in those days, there was another act as the plate Michelle on guiding light, who was just, this is a few years ago. Phenomenal looking. But this Jordanne Brewster, she's right in there. One blonde, one brunette, little something for everybody. I just mentioned that in passing. Not as pretty as Tom Walling, of course, which will get to smallville momentarily. And then a lot of other names for our survey. You see, when it comes to something like this, somebody that despise the list is almost endless. Some of you are just revolted and reviled by, for example, like, you know, great. Yeah, like that. 560, 560, pound 560, got me 80 and see. Just calm down, Greg, okay, take some pills. Just got a whole desk full of them. They start popping some pills and relax. A little bit too high for these days for the rest of us. You're going to grab us all up the wall. Right, there it was. There was our furless leader. How many times have you heard about an opportunity? You didn't act. You didn't grab it. And you missed out. Oh, there's nothing worse than not grabbing it in a, flies away. But right now, as one of those times, rarely does an opportunity interrupt you, but this one should. 3.45% financing with our friends at financial group. Call them, 1-800-9-4-0-LIM. How long will these low interest rates last? Who knows? But when you look back on history, not very long. It's a window of opportunity, so jump through it with a financial group and get 3.45% financing and save thousands of dollars. With 3.45% financing. Call financial group and get all the details. Call tool free 1-800-9-4-0-LIM. That's 1-800-9-4-0-LIM. D. Local 3.45% financing due to monthly payments. Here's a couple examples for you. If you have a $200,000 alone, you pay only $900 bucks a month. A $100,000 loan cost to only $450 bucks a month. So don't wait till the ball rolling by doing it now. Call financial group 1-800-9-4-0-LIM. They're an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change without notice. 5.34 APR. 5. And low fall. This is 4-3-0-56. Way and way and way. It's day. You buy any child. 5.6-0-56. WQA. And the preview says it will tell us what those crop circles mean. We're the made by humans or made by some little man who are green. It was written by M.L.I. Shyamalama Ting on the guy who did 6-6. But it also did unspeakable. We're genuinely at a white bench. Both sides. The kids will be sized. Street dogs coming in and taking a year off span. If they do, they'll see lots of dollars. 5. M.L. M.L. M.L. M.L. M.L. M.L. M.L. M.L. M.L. M.L. M.L. M.L. M.L. M.L. M.L. M.L. M.L. M.L. M.L. M.L. If they do 5-6 to I think you gotta get him. She, one of those just circles and all those symbols mean on the end of the barn there. Huh? Oh, those symbols. The ones in smallville. They mean you're gay. I thought that they're right in. Come on, don't be picking on Tamolean Clark Kent now and John Schneider and Mama Kent. And even you were saying that it looked awfully close there. Well, get to that. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh, by the way, you're right about Jordan. Is she hotter? What? Do you know who she is? I do know. But I mean, have you seen her before? Is that, uh, she was in a lot of movies that I never saw. So no. Oh, I'm serious. See, I kept thinking though. She was the star of the movie because Cameron Diaz. I mean, yeah, she's, she's a medium. Right. He's okay. Fine. But she ain't, uh, she down the same category would do, Jordan. No, I absolutely not. Oh, man. I meant fine as in just fine. And, you know, I'm slipping. I hate to admit. Thank you very much, uh, Adrian. You're Adrian. How about OJ? OJ was the whole reason I came up with this pull question in the first place. I leave him off the list. Man, it goes to sure. I think Greg gave me another stroke over the weekend. Thanks a lot, Greg. You jackass. God. Making all kind. And I hate to break the news to you, Greg. But the same number that Duff calls here to speak to me was the same number that you could use, but just don't even think about doing it, okay? You asshole. Right. Always have to have a messenger. Anyway, I was just saying, well, Bertocen Pedro, I'm going to think that Moses would be too happy about that. Well, put him out. Anyway, what was my not? Oh, I was just agreeing with you that somebody might not be too happy about it. Who would have? Alberto San Pedro, Ralph Martinez, Jeff Bush, no, because he's not a soft Florida. Well, he isn't. But I think, you know what I mean? Right. People are really soft Florida people. Thanks Dennis. Okay. Oh, I got this great story in Time Magazine. Can cold cuts kill? I saw that. And Time Magazine is a matter of fact. And if the Bush people have their way, they will kill you. Right. Here's a nice, a lovely facts from Nadine. In Morris Plains, New Jersey, no less. She says, what can compare and she's right, man. She's got her thumb right on it. What can compare to the gorgeous natural and best smile I've ever seen Time willing to display at the end of the show with Chris Reeves? That's what we're sending when I promo together. And then they started cracking up and yucking it up and laughing and that's it or? Right. One looked so edible. It says, I felt connected to you because I know you were watching on Sunday. Yes, I was Nadine. What's the deal with the show that followed something woods, not bad. What do you think? Is that the tiger what she's talking about or ever woods? I don't know what they'd like. Oh, yeah, everwood. I've ever woods. On easy watch Sunday. I don't know what that's all about. I can't get it all those other shows. Okay, Nadine, sorry. She said, I try to say thanks for all the 20 years plus I've listened to you. However, the phones were busy. He had listened to the rest of your show on the internet. This part of the internet is hearing you with New Jersey. I met you at a park in Kendall about 1975. Been hooked since a park in Kendall. Do you think that was like the the garlic festival that was 1975? I don't think so. A little bit after that. Anyway, PSD remember Uncle Dirty. I played back in with him in the early 70s. No, I don't remember Uncle Dirty. Think I heard about a Joey Reynolds show. Do you remember Uncle Dirty? No. Of course, we never listened to the Joey Reynolds show anyway because he was a pin in the ass. Alright. Anyway, she says okay with her. I'll care. Thanks for having Lynn on. She's good. I live only 60 miles from where she broadcast, but I can't hear her. Sorry, Lynn. Here's Nadine who lives in New Jersey, but she can't hear your station. I'm on Kyle. I'm sorry. She wish you she could. God. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I know. First of all, the answer to that question about the guy with the hot suit's fellas former county manager, Sergio Pereira. Alright, that's right. Out of sight out of mind, there's been so many. And my vote for the most despised person. That's the lady from the alley on days. One with a two-color hair that looks like a skunk. Oh yeah, what's that was her name? Hmm. Oh yeah, the one with a big head of like grayish hair. I forgot her name, but I was so sorry. No. Actually, if I can split my vote in between her and Caesar Odeo. See your Odeo, Caesar Odeo. Yes. Okay, thanks amigo. Thank you. See you. Let's, and Sergio Pereira's small potatoes, but Caesar Odeo, I think he belongs to Hunter. He was kind of Odeo. He had an aroma coming from his ass. You can't think of her name either, but she was just obnoxious. She was one of the alienito people. Okay. Well, I don't know what else to call him besides, you know, asshole. I'll come for a lecture. Huh? And isn't it interesting how many D.A.s. who is the current mayor, Hunter? Many D.A.s. He was also one of the 75 attorneys that were trying out the Ruby day. Remember that? But I guess everybody forgot about that and I'll come where to his predecessor. It seems like a really wonderful guy as Mayor of Miami. Anybody who followed Joe Carroy or would have a lot of good will, I guess. And didn't his kid wasn't there something about his kid was making up $5 bills or $20. Counter-fitting wasn't that many D.A.s. Yes it was. What was? Here's one from Alex who says, I think, Jan, and Rina would get some votes. Well, okay, we'll put her down. I don't think she's going to do that great. Maybe she will. You think? Oh, that's right. I forgot, but that's not our crowd. Well, put it on there just for maybe we have a lot of Julio's out there. Well, this weekend we'll have to do that yearly ethnic survey that we do see if we have. Huh? Good idea. That ethnic and demographic survey that we do see if we have anybody left listening. Because based on what we're here and especially from a certain friend of ours, we don't have any audience left. You know, the trends are really terrible and the set of ones so on. I wonder what the reason might be. Hey, go up those checkered pants. Yeah, that might be. We might be driving them away. They may be they're blinded by the light from the checkered pants, you think? Can cold cuts kill. Oh, but before we get to that. So the OJ thing I started to mention, I'm all over the place because I got so much crap, including Superman's pal was gay. We knew that about Jimmy Olson. We didn't know we had in the fair with Montgomery Clif. No. With Monti Clif. Everybody knew that Monti Clif was one of those and also that Jimmy Olson. What was his name, Jack Larson? Right. But now he's starting to spill the beans so to speak. He's starting to like elaborate and saying ain't it great? On the front cover of this week's National and Quiver, the Daping March 11th, which means you'll get a tinder at about a month. Dauder saw OJ murder mom. This is what inspired me to do this most despised public hearing sound flow to pull. And I forgot to put him on it. And there's a picture of OJ on a front page again when you go to the supermarket. You got to see this picture of Walgreens. And he's got a skull on it. Nice. He look on his pussy. And then there's a picture of his daughter who looks more like a guy in this picture. By the way, what is her name? What is her name? What does her name? The Queen's Breewell. The Queen's Breewell, I think is her name. I can't well I'll get to this story. But anyway, and just a picture, it says the truth behind or recent 9-11 call. And now she remembers everything and claims in a store which I'll get to. The Chief saw it out the window. That she was awakened or in fact she probably wasn't even asleep in a first place because they had just gotten home. Isn't it suddenly? Sydney, very good. Well, see it's what you couldn't remember that. Well, what was that horrible show with Tony Randall? Love Sydney? The whole thing was in the store. Huh? So horrible and ever saw it. Yeah, where you played the gay, oncolor or something like that. Didn't last too long. Try to tell you people all those fag shows except for the one. What's the one that's on now? William, is it William Grace? Yes. With her token fag, who's the real swish? Like I told you. Cold cuts kill. The processed meat industry is padding itself on the back for getting the Bush administration to water down the new plan aimed at keeping a deadly bacterium. Listeria, mono, uh, sighted gen, whatever. Listeria out of deli meets. We're always heard about this. Thought a history about Listeria. U.S. agriculture secretary and venom impludged the step up testing after last year's outbreak of Listeriosis. Seven deaths, three miscarriages and dozens of hospitalizations, was traced away tated to Tainted Turkey for a professor near Philadelphia. A professor, a processor. A Tainted professor. Now that's the one in Tampa. Venom and came up with a blueprint directing federal inspectors to hunt down Listeria on the equipment surfaces and drains of every major producer I've ready to eat meat and poultry. Though the USDA selectively inspected process meat for Listeria, and it left testing of plant interiors with a bacteria can breed to the companies. The National Food Process Association, the NFPA, voice of the $500 billion industry and a major Republican donor, called Venomans Plan, very owner-risk. The donor-risk said it was owner-risk and predicted that universal government testing of plants would result in under-recalls and delay meet shipments while test results were pending. The final directive issued to a little notice on December 6th made the industry a lot happier. The USDA will limit its plant testing to those that make the riskiest products and to plants that do not do their own testing or don't share the results with the USDA. The final version dropped plants to fine companies where Listeria was discovered that changes outrage consumer advocates who claim that the USDA is compromising safety to satisfy industry. The NFPA gloded native member of Leather's members only newsletter obtained by Time Agazine, the number of key USDA personnel have bought into much of the industry proposal, and then at that the tough federal directive was averted as a result of industry efforts made at the White House level. Officials of the NFPA reached by Time Refuse to elaborate on the group's lobbying efforts, the White House to raise spokeswoman denied it had any role in the final directive. USDA under Secretary Elsa Marano-Ranorek knowledge consulting both the White House and the industry before the final directive was issued, but insisted it was fine-tuned, solely to advance public health. Right! So once again, big business wins out with these gray robbers we have up there in Washington and new people out there. And you can hear guts out. You've been spending a lot of time at the bull. If it's not over the bombs bursting in air, it's certainly going to be over the bombs bursting in the bull from Listeria. And you like that, huh? I don't. By the way, he can put this pull off any Tammy Wandskarlos, even though he was building him going to add to it. Just mention that because I don't like leaving this other aircraft up, you know, I just leave it in the hangar. It's not good. I hadn't facts to yet because I didn't know, uh... You haven't facts to yet? Well, I didn't know what and we were going to stop adding. Ah, Jesus God Almighty George. Now, if I say I think Greg is right about you. 942 at 560 W. You made a nice call from Tom Lamin on Friday. Thank you very much Tom. Welcome engine Joe Prater's name a couple of times because you're like that. From our good friends at Halipotti, GMC, their proud to be dispossessed on this program and their proud one out three gray neo-rogors, Neil Deals, going on right now at Halip. Neil Deal number one, if you're self-zero percent fine, answering anology MC 1500 series pickups, you heard me correct, 0% at all 1500 series pickups. Neil Deal number two, Lisa GMC on work for just 299 bucks a month plus tax, for 48 months. You heard right only 299 dollars a month plus tax. And Neil Deal number three, by you upon the act vibe, and it'll cost you only 199 bucks a month, 199 a month and Halip. Halis also got great Neil Deals on use cars, trucks, SUVs. If credit has been a problem for you, if nobody else can get you approved at any card dealership in the universe, get yourself the halip because credit is never a problem for you. At this great joint. It's the great Neil Deal triple that are going on right now at Halip upon the act, and you'll find them in the same great place they've been making great deals for people and treating them right. 134.01, South-X, you highway that's US1 across from the falls for lack I said over 35 years, they've been doing it. Open every day, seven days a week. Call the Neil Deal hotline tool free at 1 tribulate, 534-4211. That's 1 tribulate, 534-4211. Don't forget all Neil Deals has submitted credit to approval, see dealer for details. Halip upon the act, GMC, beyond a shadow without they be, professional grade. 9, 9, and low. This is 425-60. 2, 1, 2, and 1, and... The Rogers got. Joe takes aura. Joe takes aura. Stake a bite of Sarah's little horror of 40 million lost tips. 1, 4, and such you like the midway. Joe takes aura. Joe takes aura. Got a million bucks to meet your store on the market. Joe in France, just to tell me, A vis-raver on their pants. Why? Why? Why? Why? The key of the money. That was the big lie. The twist hit that of his army. Sarah was a guy. Joe takes aura. Joe takes aura. He said it. He hit the cheese on four of back to your full door. I have a happy life with your safe life. When you could have had that, who she's there and calls her. 947, sunny at its minus 24 Celsius. Interrano. Do you want what that means? Yeah, I do. I got the scale in front of me here. Let's take a look and see what minus 24 is. It's minus 11.2 Fahrenheit 11 below zero. It looks really nice though. Looks really tempting. Put on your shorts, little sleeveless T-shirt and head out out there and the basket in the sunshine. 11 below zero. Just one abort date of March. It's going to be 38th there, saying, ah, they're like that. And this one day like I said before is an honor of the pants being here. It's our freeze out. Let's see what we got today. We got no one mad dog. Well, he sure should be really happy and not about the brother. You see how he's going to get screwed over all your long now? Right. See on on the one hand. You know, I guess it's nice having these days off because the ball games when we have them. These afternoon games all like basically not come up again the day off. But by the same token, his ratings are going to be like, clobbered by Marlon baseball. Hate to write to no use, Jim Mr. Sanson. But nobody listens to Marlon baseball on QN. The numbers are unemichead, but certainly not the kind of numbers demand. Those sticks under between one and three. Not even half I bet. So when we get the Marlon's in the Dodgers at 1250 for a clocky got the Humper from Schulestake 2. That's right after Marlon baseball. Perfect to follow. Should go pants appeal with 7. 730 the Panthers in a Maple Leafs right here at the M.I.R. Canada Center. Eddie can't do the hockey game into a Marko overnight. Delusional and paranoid Greg. I got a great radio story. Did you see the bedtime story that I facts you do? I put on our website. Which I'm more Harold. Which I very seldom put anything from the hero to the Sun Sentinel on here because you can read those stories yourselves. But Adam Jacobson did air question Mark music friends the crylack of variety in local radio. Yes, good story. I'm looking for a giveaway. We'll get to it. And we can hear the quote from the Ansel at the Chief Channel. And by the way, Greg, people, just as high. I mean, can you imagine anybody believe in a room? I'm going to go to work for a clear channel. Where did that room are come from? I don't know. Pete Lane. Maybe the same guy that sent that anonymous thing from uh, where were the hell came from from Arizona? Yeah. Since then, it sends me a copy and Greg and copy. Pete Lane is going to work for Cosbrok as right away. He's calling a meeting. What is wrong with this man? He's coming on glued. Air V Day when I get an opportunity. A Rip Clear Channel and ask David Ross. Pete E. Bulger, all those go a man. Grey robbers. And I'm going to work for them. We're going to have a time when I'm going to be on. I'll be between Dr. Laura and Laura and Lars. Like between uh, 11.59 in a morning and noon, one minute a day. What is this man talking about? Yeah, that's for you, Greg. Huh? After three. That's here's the one they talking about. What do you mean after three? They got the shrimp mice to honor. I'm going to replace them. And he works sheep. Yeah, replacing my ass. He works cheap. And in fact, they're letting go most of their local any talent to the good. And they've got and they've put an acidic. The crap on everywhere. They're not hearing anybody new. They might put George on if he'd worked cheap enough. Here's a call from Kansas City again. Hello. Uh, hi, Neil. Happy to be in a nursery. Thanks. Hey, you did steal my thunder with the O.J. I was jumping up and down screaming about that. Yeah, well, that was the reason I started to pull the first place and I forgot. And then the raw Martinez and uh, the fisherman. Oh, yeah, the fisherman. Wow, he's he's. He's. He's. Yeah, so I believe most. Small pita's in this one also. Um, I'd rather listen to them. Marla's baseball than George. Yeah. But uh, I'm out of material. Okay, obviously, I think he was out of material before he started, you know what? Call it from Kansas City to uh, to be yellows with that tremendous material. Don't call us again this year, sir. You're head your two calls for the year. He'd rather listen to Marla's baseball than George. Another grid, two of his shot from the evil doers out there. I know I can't sound as excited as him. Yeah, Kansas, I was excited as him or the guy that we got through in the ball games. What else is named Dave and boring? God is that guy terminal, pondress. Up, up, out of way. It's a home run. Wow. He's he's terminal. But he fits right in with that team. Nice going by the way. That was the previous regime John Henry. Nice going John Henry before ran off the Boston. What is a baseball bat between his legs. Screwed over uh, Joe Angel, the wind up going out to a team that played in the world serious last season. And then they did that so they could have the honor of keeping Dave O'Brien, the highly overrated Dave O'Brien around the generous sounding Dave O'Brien. And then he like, uh, right after the season starts last year, he says, well, I'm going to the SPN. Okay, that's okay. Bye. Remember that after they screwed over Joe Angel, who was a great guy who was like, uh, you know, like, by almost everybody. And then they bring this stiff in 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Oh, and by the way, Yieldy's really going heavy duty for Judge McDonald's eye. And it just could do the game in where they play the other night in New York, 39. He's going for the jugular. He's going for the jugular. Because jugs had learned justice. In fact, he and Rimmer have had the same thing, which I'm starting to worry about that. Tung kissing. Yeah, because I asked Rimmer yesterday. So while you weren't kind of sleeping arrangements, you guys got on the road. I'm thinking that they're in the same room. Jugs into rim man. But at any rate, so Randy Moore read your Randy had a line up doing a play by play on a game setterny from New York. And I'd sure like to hear some spy reports about that. I'm sure we won't get any. Because nobody listens to those games. Because it was on TV for free. So, Jugs now, evidently, thinks that both Randy and Geli are out looking for his job. Is Droomer that I'm here. He knows your actor. I'm Geli. He's on the, he can feel the stab wounds in his back. And Geli's also like I said, bitch in and moan and whine in everybody. We'll listen to him. Hey, what am I going to do about Mo? What am I going to do about Mo? What am I going to do? Just having an interest breakdown. I just meant, and that's even after that trend came out. He knows it's bogus. He knows it'll never happen again. Just quit your Wip-Ren Geli. Here's a call from Pompano. Hello. Hey, Neil. I got one for you. Okay, sir. How about a sheriff Nick? We just put him on there like 20 minutes ago. All right, didn't hear you since name. How about a program? I didn't hear you say his name. Sheriff Nick. How about Gilberr. He says, thing? How about who? Gilbert. Yeah, okay. Uh, boy. Who is or was the most despised public figure in San Florida history? H Wayne, Hizenga. Myor landscape. Joe Carrillo. Alex Pinguepicania Penelas. Mo Howard David. Xavier Suarez. Nick Navarro. Oday Simpson. Rol Martinez. Alberto Cent Pedro. Sorry Moses. Uh, Caesar Odeus. And Janet Reno. And many more to come. I'm sure. Don't you think? Sure. I'm sure. Kind of stuff that this audience just dwells on. We want to hear a lot of lady callers here today. Don't wait. Huh? No. Get that one bit. It'll call in and tell us how to do the show and do 30% of this. And 20% of that. And 10% cover high grades. About 30. Yeah, about 30 man. About 30. Oh, brother. She's something. Seriously, I would like to club her with a baseball bat. Or what? What are those things that they've British use in cricket? What do they call those things? Uh, paddle. I don't know. Yeah, they have a name for them. I don't know. I don't know. You know? A cricket club. I would like to have her tied wood chair. The cricket is just a club her. Uh, mercilessly. I was going to say to her, Brains popped up. But I think you'd find any. Oh, yes, you have to. You went George. Are they going to want to do this? You went George and Randy. I hear them start to talk about Randy and about these other. When I get those chronic radio talk nerds, then I know where to eat trouble. Guess who else died by the way? I give up. Not just Harold Ballard. I mean, Hank Ballard. Tech keeps saying that. It's a hockey sub. Not just Hank Ballard who wrote the twist. But Steve Carlin. No, who that is? No. Neither did I. George's brother. Producer rigged the $64,000 question. For all the old farts like me and Boca Brian. Steve Carlin and ingenious and irrepressible producer of television game shows, including the $64,000 question that others that proved to be rigged has died at the age of 84. Did you die? Yes. Mr. Carlin was executive producer of the $64,000 question. The $64,000 challenge and other shows that were dropped in the late 1950s. When the numbers ended, all games shows offer in cash prices. Though rigging game shows or pre-planning outcomes in the fray phrase favored by the producers was still legal. Did you know that? Yeah, actually. I didn't because of that movie. Right. The public in spouses would not tolerate them in their new suddenly tainted context. What was the name of that movie? Uh, geez. Quiso. The Mr. Carlin, the shows were simply great entertainment. Following in the division of radioquiso, which it turned out and also been fixed. I didn't know that either. He saw them as less about money than I was celebration of the working class. Just like all these so-called reality shows and people get indignant. Oh, well, this was all fixed and it was phony and that's what it's all about. And the TV show dummy. It's entertainment. It's just entertainment. Kind of like the a presidential election. It was just right. It was just entertainment. You know, I mean, the outcome was fixed. But it was just entertainment people and keep them out of trouble for a couple of months, which it worked like magic was almost as entertaining as alien. I can't believe that we don't know the name of that broad. Is somebody a factor or a sense that in yet? No. Call it in. You know the one I'm talking about. I know what you're talking about. The fact that we don't know her name. I can hear her right now that bad-headed bitch with a multicolored head of hair. You don't get any votes. Nobody's going to know who it is. Oh, they're doing. God, she was just obnoxious. Yeah. But then again, there were so many obnoxious people. During those days, a cadre. From our motto, could you hear us without same white shirt that he wore for like 45, 50 days in a row? And who's that that Ramon Saul? How much is? How much is? Yeah. Slipper to the rescue, whatever it hell is, deal was. So many from the alien era. Well, we'll figure that out. How about what's it? What's her name? Maris Greasy asks. What about it? Do you think she murdered Savannah? No. Small potatoes considering the people on this list. Okay. 1957 at 560 WCM speaking of small potatoes has the beast wounded. We do a weigh-in last week or did this. You know what? Friday came and went. And I don't recall no weigh-in happening. Oh, my God. Wow. Oh, what am I going to tell the public then? I'm doing the spot now for our good friends and balance for life. We'll give them a moment of silence. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Now seriously, what are we going to tell the world now? I don't know. I don't know. I'm going to tell the world now. I don't know. I'm going to tell the world now. Well, I got the wrong copy out here. Okay, Troy. And that's your fault. Did he ever bring you that copy Carlos for that other spot that's going to start momentarily? Yeah, I got it here. I'm going to fix it during the break. Excellent. Nice job, Troy. I'm telling one person in our sales department. Let's say something nice today about somebody tries to add for number 23. He demand. Yeah, nice going, Troy. The only one in that sales department that cares enough to send is very best. Which ain't much, but at least he sends it. Anyway, if you try to lose some weight, everybody's talking about this diet and that diet and they got all these pills they want to sell you. Everybody in the world, who's also now peddling a healthy lose weight 20 robins. The guy with a big head in the 48th. I saw a channel surfing last night. He's on there peddling. He's going to give you the right psychological attitude to lose the weight bull crap. The easiest way to lose the weight is balance for life because they make all the decisions for you. The only choice you make is every week. This is any little menu and you pick between two alternatives for each meal every day that's run a program. And that's it. No calorie counting, no cooking, no shopping, no carb counting, no cleaning. No worries. And just results. Balance for life delivers you that magic little black sack. That's the key. Your little black sack. In your sack, there are three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks and deliver right you. Do whatever you're going to be by six o'clock every morning. Your home, your work, whatever. And believe you me, it's all based on the very complicated zone diet that take the complication out because they do all the figuring for you. It's not a drastic or dangerous crazy diet program. It's a delicious way to lose the weight steadily and reliably. So if you want to lose the weight once and for all, do what the beast has been doing. We'd like to have, I know he's lost more than 50 pounds. We know that much. And he better get his fat ass in there soon. Okay, or else. Let balance for life. Help he lose that weight and get back in the health again. That's the important thing. That's just looking better and getting normal sized clothing, but getting healthier again. Call balance for life at 9.5.4. 5.6. 8. 32. 29. 9. 5. 5. 6. 8. 32. 29. Or check out their website at balanceforlife.com. 3. 8. 8. 3. 8. 8. 9. 9. 8. 9. 9. 9. 7. 8. 8. I'm a woman! Yo, yo, wait there! Hey, hey, welcome to the house of O.J. N.O.T. We be your sports doctorate. Would you be in the man? I beat my breakfast. What's up with you? You haven't touched your sausage. I don't have a mouth. Here. Use mine. Chill out baby. I also don't know. Not on my share. I always keep on having it. In case I encounter those clairvoyance who were killed my wife. I feel like you'd be looking forward to. That's right. I know we'll show up on the golf course one day. He can't have. Did you hear about the meat you eat is underworld? Yo, even heaven himself, all by himself. He should have gave me a call. I'd do the job right. Relax, Lassen, devil's hand. Oh, get you devil's you. By the way, I'd like to take this opportunity to thank the Waternancy and Roy. To give it us this opportunity of being heaven-owned. No, no, we can squat like the Waternancy. What'd you be talking about? He was outside the stadium the other day. I saw what squatting in the park in the night. When you got to go, you got to go. Yeah, she went all right. In every way. That's right. She was squatting and dipping and twisting and kissing. And leaving souvenirs. Now understand. And all this time, I thought I'd be kicking an alligator. I'm a who's there. Who'd have be? Who'd have be a who? That's a whole grand direct. What do you want? What do you want? You know you'll be happy to go. Get out of the place you want, who's there? It's Nick's old night at WQA. Or 1003 at QA, I'm out of pending a weebley. I believe them. They got the good stuff. Donner saw O.J. Murder Mom. In the National and Quyre and the March 11th issue in this week, this is the one that's got his angry picture on the front cover. You got to see it, man. Actually, she looks kind of cute for a boy. Maybe it's because her name is Sydney. It's just a boy's picture of Rona Franco. I'm sure she's very cute. And while one thing about his kids, man, they're both the real white. Have you ever noticed that? Yeah. White and blonde like Nicole. As Sydney, well, she isn't completely white. She's like kind of like real light mocha. He's great. As Sydney gets older, her memory of the incident is coming back to her. Below the incident report filed when Sydney called 911 in January. And it's got a, uh, public ended up that, okay? The O.J. thing because guess who's went into pull so far. Don't look. I won't look. Oh, Jim. And I damn near forgot to put him down. What a moron. I am. Am I dumb or what? Yes, I am. 68 votes. Who's the most despised public figure in South Florida history? O.J. Simpson, 27. They hate you, O.J. You know, he does listen by the way. Yeah, I do that. And we'd be delighted to put you on the O.J. today that you want to admit you want to confess. We'd be ecstatic to put you on. Good to be all the time you want. If you're in a Reno 10, now that's surprising. I don't think we do that well. I think that's the free. The what? The crank vote. Oh, it's your people. H. Wayne Hypinga, eight. Chocarroyo six. Alex Pingu Pequangia six. Mola Howard David and four. He's tied with Nick de Vattro. Ever seen them together? Although at least Nick's got his own here. It may be white, at least it's his own. Role Martinez three. Albert is 10 paid row one. No votes for Xavier Suarez, Myerlanski or Caesar Odius. You know who we left off here so far? Who? What about Ricky Tickie Sanchez? You think he deserves to be on there? Okay. Huh? Get put him down. Let me just draw a line here and start. We'll start some additions. Hey, hey. What are you talking about? You only get Eric said it. But don't be yelling at Eric. You're not doing this right. Hey, Carlos, is he like out of it today or what? We never know. Yeah. First of all, we're supposed to be facts, Eric, to pull. I fanged into you like it's 730 this morning. I'm not sure. Anyway, but just in the interest of saving time. Well, no, but he's not going to put the new ones on there one at a time. I don't think when we get like a few more than you are Carlos. How are Carlos? Can you call him? How are we doing? We're doing a new deal here today just because Greg is out of control. Anybody out there in the audience wants to come away. Ski at Gary, Osaka at Rick Institution. WQM qualifies. We got more crazy people in one building. Man, you know what? Even at Bellevue. I hate this play. Exactly. I know it. 560, 5050. Oh, here's this copy. Hey, look at that. See, I hate to break the news for ourselves people and thank you very much, Troy. But it would be a real good idea. If at the top of a piece of copy, they would put like the name of the client would be good. I know that that's probably pushing. Are you starting up again? Yes. I realize that is like asking awful lot. You know, I mean, like the name of the CE and the date, I mean, forget about that. I'm giving up on it already. But you just, you finally just cave it and say, screw it because they don't care. They won't do it. But just for the hell of it, just to make it look good, it would be nice. It's like, click the name of the client so we have some idea what that is. As opposed to just a sheet of paper with some words on it. 560, 5050, 5060, pound five 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a call from Papa. Hello. Another poll show. Get out of here. Get lost. Get lost. Dial wicked death. Okay. Go on and play in traffic. Go on and play with yourself in traffic. Got on mighty. Same pathetic tragic losers and they're their airbie goddamn date. Just like the asphalt over the guy damn pavement. They're there. What do you want it or not? The old ass. That's them fault. Man. And I'm right there. But he's not the one with such a boring voice. It's a tasteless boring terminal sound. You know what? Like the sound of a test pattern. I think it was Greg. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello Neil. Good morning. I have a suggestion for your despise list. Yes. How about Miriam Olafon? She gets my vote. Nah, I'm not even close. What are you talking about? In the canterware with these people with wind highs and get OJ Simpson in these? Well, she's cruising up pretty good. Yeah, she had my own doubt to add. I agree with you. All right. Well, there was a suggestion. Nice try. Thank you. Am I wrong? No. I don't think she's despise. I mean, she's just most people think she's incompetent. Most people are like, uh, not at least four shades darker than OJ. But other than that. See, I don't think they understand again. She never would. I think that guy's right. These pools. There's nothing wrong with the pools. It's just that the audience doesn't get them. Never. And I understand them. Who is or was the most despise public figure in South Florida history? Miriam elephant? Small potatoes. Yes. She's not even like those little appetiters that I can ever think of the name of those little red potatoes. Right. Who did she kill? That we don't know. Exactly. She didn't kill nobody. She didn't rip off the public. Well, I mean, not directly. Like H. Ween High Pinga. See, there's one thing we don't like on a show. It's people who lie through their teeth. Do you understand? Where is that thing? And I'm going to tell you something right now. And you can mark it down. Broward County would change their mind and decide they want to build this facility. I will not play here. Because I will not have you guys. Look at me for the next 10 years saying, here's the guy that said one thing and went out and did something else. Wait, I'm losing. I want to look at that. He's moving up on O.J.s. A little bit. I see that close. O.J.s. got 39 votes. And the, uh, or Wayne, Mike's just got 20. And Janet, we know 16 Alex Pinga, Pinga 15. Oh, how are David's moving up at 11? Remember last poll we didn't. He was on there. He didn't do it. Well, real mediocre. What was that poll? Uh, who has the best hairpiece? I, I, I, yeah. Wow. And I, he'd have to win that one. Who's got the most colorful hairpieces? Oh, let me forget the O.J. story, which, of course, if I read that, it'll embellish the whole thing. And also the dead air about the music and the radio and sound photo. Right. Who? Oh, goodbye. Ferrett. likely to celebrate the opening of their 2003 policymaking season tomorrow, with grand calls for insurance reforms and prescription drug benefits, but the battle that matters most comes down to this question. Can Florida's governor persuade lawmakers and infect a public to erase the constitutional amendment that 53% of voters approved last year, capping class sizes? Vosho will probably not be as blunt as in a state speech tomorrow as he was when he was caught on tape in the heat of his reelection campaign last year. When you're sure lawmakers have got a couple of devious plans at this thing passes. Fight together or am I sure? Sure. Sorry, jab. What was the most at? Jebys on one of these cable channels. I don't want to hear them. Lies through his teeth. Goes on, gets caught on tape and a public still goes out there and puts it back in again. Right? So like I've always said, the people that you're the electorate and Florida get exactly what they deserve. Okay? Just like those old Jews that went out and voted for Papy Cannon. I'll vote you on you. Shame on you, shame on you people. All the way do love that show. But you think we need a few more right wingers on here and MSNBC and all these other? Do they have room? Anyone get to the aded air thing, but where's that one line? Uh, we're gonna hell is it? Oh yeah, here you go. Rob Roberts, the head of programming for the South Florida stations in the clear channel to train the anxious teeth channel, saying, and by the way, I'm not going to work for them, Greg. Hey, to break the news to you. He says if you're 44 years old and you don't like hip hop, the beat WMIB, we don't care. This is Rob Roberts, the head of programming for South Florida stations in the clear channel, which also includes news talk WD, smooth jazz love 94, contemporary hit radio while 100, classic big rock big one oh six, right? Alternative Zeta 4 and Fox Sports Radio. I don't understand that every station is trying to get its targeted audience what it wants. Isn't that a great line? If you're 44 years old and you don't like hip hop, the beat, we don't care. In other words, screw you says teeth channel, okay? Screw you, I believe they're doing a great job of that. They've screwed almost every guy there, everything they've touched has turned appear on an elevated crab garbage, swill. Including WI and Zeta, it makes me want to scream, it makes me want to cry, it makes me want to shout, speak of the Isaac brothers, have been worked there for several years and then of course, it's Zeta, what I see what they've done to that station, 50,000 watts and first it was all talk with their fractions and then it was then all sports with fractions. You can put their holdings to the guy they am telephone booth because that's the cheap channel and fnw. And Greg Reed is going around, stirring up rumors that Neil Rogers wants to go to work for a huge channel, right, Greg, right. And I got 7,000 acres in the Everglades to sell your real cheap to, okay sweetheart. Get some help, get some help, Greg. You're coming on Glude, baby. Just like our lineup. Oh, in a best line of year, in this hysterical exchange with my attorney with Norma Kid over the weekend, is that Norm turned me against him, right, poisoned my mind on Greg. Like I needed Norm to tell me the kind of crap that's been going on for five and a half years. Wow. I noticed your silent, that's okay. Uh huh. No, that's probably good. That's a good move on your part because Greg, you. I know. 10 13 at 560 WCM, Marlon baseball come up at 1250, any interest. No. I'll let everyone guy in Kansas City read the Marlon's in you. Are you home on a long way? I've got a question for you. Is he interrupting my spots again, Carlos? Yes. Faster. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. All you home on is out there. There are a few things worse than going out in the backyard for a nice refreshing swim, looking at that once beautiful poolier, and saying, oh my god, what the hell happened here? It's stained, it's dirty, it might be cracking in the pool too. Well, don't look at that mess anymore, just say no more ugly pool, and call our good friends at Atlantic Marseight. These guys are just a couple of slupped-a-dicky pool guys who want to clean the service out of a pickup truck. Their real construction company uses full-time employees, not subcontractors. Atlantic Marseight specializes in the most incredible innovation at the pool business, Diamond Bright, and they do it right. Atlantic Marseight's been pouring it on for 12 years. Their license and ensured professionals they even train other companies internationally, how to do Diamond Brighting. And you get the same price they give to the contractors so they're unbeatable. Enorth Miami, Broward and Palm Beach call Atlantic Marseight are the biggest installers of Diamond Bright anywhere in South Florida. They come out to you and give you a free estimate. They also do for a pool and deck renovations custom lighting, pool heating, and exotic water features too. And the best call Atlantic Marseight tool free. Like I said, don't do business. Let some slupp out of the back of his pickup truck. Mess with your expensive pool. Talk to the experts at Atlantic Marseight call him tool free. 1-800-558-8883. That's 1-800-558-8883. Diamond Bright doing right because Diamond Bright is a pool's best friend. There's a buck as smell and kids not, and kids not, and kids not. That way, my thing is such an asshole. He held that finish that pre-turned because he would take a shower with ankle work asshole. And I want to give you a kiss betweenizing a suction asshole. He's just like Hitler and Ava Brown. What's that? He's mildly gone. The 21st century boy has four 2002 technologies ways to keep obesity series, not to hurt him. 1865-5090QM-560056ey ball, 560VK, and a 560-80T key garage door. Was it a fall? Wayne, hi, Zeng. I remember those great glory days when we first came to QAM. Remember then? How could we forget? And Christine Moore was on here. Oh, I don't think he's ever going to be on this radio station. And can you imagine the first time that he knocks Wayne, hi Zenga, and Yadiyada Yadiyani. See, he was right. Oh, was he? You knocked away. Was Christine the Moore on, do anybody heard him lately? No. Maybe on the SPN radio at about two an morning on a weekend sometime. Somebody says Rosanna Dana, which I put on there already myself, did you put that on? Yes, I did, and Jose. Jose, who? Lincoln D. Esbalar? Yeah. He's belong on there. He's small, but there's nobody knows who that is. All right, I'll scratch it. Get out of there. Ilyana Ross, late, and which we know it's L.E. H. T. I. I. N. Because they got here, Elina Ross, L. N. And it says I know I spelled it wrong, which you did. Yes, thank you for acknowledging that you're a. Ilyana, gross late, and Rosanna Dana, obnoxious, despicable, grotesque, predictable as the day is long, man. So anyway, we captured Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, who was allegedly responsible for mass demanding the 911 attacks. Now, have you been watching the pictures they've shown of him? Yes. Have you ever seen him in Ron's Jeremy to getting it? Oh, that's very good. I mean, seriously, a walking fur ball. God, grotesque, that'd be a good pull to take one day. The most grotesque person you've ever seen in your life, not including us on QM, because we've taken enough of you saw already. Wouldn't that be a good one? Yeah. Transfer people to bash, they like bash, and man. Here's another one. I'd like to add to your list, Dr. Kennedy from the Coral Bridge Presbyterian Church, and Steve Kane, Mr. Rigo, small potatoes, small potatoes. You want to put him on there? Yeah, you're right, small potatoes. I mean, he'd like the most despised. I mean, Dr. Kennedy might be okay. Huh? That's Dr. James, Kennedy is it not? Yeah, let's put that on. Dr. James Kennedy isn't a DJ in smile, Jane. Look at him. Whatever. I don't know what he is in being bad. Okay, we're building the list. Another one of those polls that gets that guy all whipped up into our frenzy. He's squeezing himself right now. He's reaching 40s gravity. How does he know that? You always do a poll. What? How does he know that? Does he have a friend called him? Because he listens every minute of every day. He's out there right now. He loves it. He's squeezing it with a tweezers. He's pleasing it. And pleasing it with the squeezers. OJ's since in 50, the most despised public figure in South Florida history, that includes all time OJ. That includes the last 50,000 years even worse than the Boopo codes. They despise you. You're obnoxious. I think even bro, it's starting to turn on your man. Don't let me forget that story about his daughter and the inquire. Okay, it's in potent crap. OJ 50, Wayne, I think we helped him along a little bit with that song. Changing again on me. It's changing again like a freaking comedian. OJ 54 Wayne, high ping of 41. See he's moving up. Pretty good battle. I'd say, give him a run for his money. Alice, ping up a ping at 20, janirino 19, jio carolio 17. Well, how are you? How are you? David, did not do in badwood 16? I mean, for being there only one year 16, votes a two shabby. You know what? Nick Navarro 10. Oh, and his matter of fact isn't it coming up like in about the 10 or 11 days most one year anniversary on QA March 13. I believe was our unlucky day. I wasn't. I think so. Better check that out. Nick Navarro 10, Rall Martinez for Alberto San Pedro appear Xavier Suarez, one. Myor landscape and Caesar odious each have the big. Oh, nobody don't like myor landscape. That's too far back, you know, right? Put it home. Remember soon. Additional witch like I said he had a cute little dog. He was always nice to be a ladies on Collins Avenue. Never stole a free train. It was good for the chamber commerce used to tell everybody the hotels here. You know, pretty then just a retired investor. He was just a retired adventure living on a pension. That's all he was. God damn it. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. We're on the Marlon pregame show by the way Marlins is 1250 Marlins in the Dodgers with Dave Ann Boring, Pino just neighbor. One more please and just name her yes or my name. Oh, um, happy anniversary to you. Thanks. Then when the people who found you by accident in 1992, I read we rented a U-haul truck and the FM radio was busted. Yeah. That's how we found you. Hey, um, who's the one who gave us Metro Railway in the 70s and 80s? Um, Maristirheim. Okay. He's still around. Um, and also who's the one who got the the new Metro Railway tax task last year? Now let's think of Piccania. Oh, all right. And also he's Joe still in Australia. 560560. You know who that sounded like to me? Ho. I could be wrong. Maybe everybody said you're gay. Yeah. And congratulations winning your fight over the weekend. Where were you on? You see that? No. Where were you on? One is a big fight over the weekend. 5607. Let's hear what you're ready to hear about boxing or tiger woods. And the good news. You'll be very excited. No, I'll use sports nerds out there. It's starting on Wednesday and all the rest of the week to the weekend. QM except for us of course because we don't count. QM's going to be heavy with golf at the rail. Oh, yeah. Everybody's going to be out there doing their shows at the rail. Even a morning sure Wednesday after rail. You ready for the big day on Wednesday because Wednesday is also fast for the war. It is right. Marked on the calendar there. Was supposed to fast? No. Slow. Yeah, I was fast real slow. I'm not going to fast for the war. What is that mean? The Pope said you got it. I screwed up Pope. Okay. And you did you see that's there about the suggesting he goes over to the human shield. Did you see that? Oh, what an excellent idea. How can we get behind that? I think that was on Lens website one moment. Oh, oh, I did. Well, while you're finding it, I'll tell you about Jeff's neighbor. Yeah. Who you notice you haven't gotten a fax from and now he's because he gets he sends a hundred of them over here and I throw them all away. He's not because he's very frustrated. He's sending like, you know, two, three, four the same facts. David cuts a crad David. We're not going to use them. We're not interested. You've overdone it. You've worn out you're welcome. Just like a lot of the chronic colors. You've worn out you're welcome on a fax machine. That was not on her website. Where do I see that? God damn it. Oh, no. After the eight million websites that I checked this morning, and I can't find the damn one about suggesting that they use the Pope as a human shield. He'll be able to use Jesus power to deflect the missiles. He can do just like in the war. The world's in hold up that crash. You know, as I walk to the balance of the shadow of the hell, I don't fear no evil. Sorry. Didn't work too good. Oops. You know, this way, and have any calls about Jordan and Brewster because they have no idea who that is. She's hot. She is hot. She should be a lot more famous than Cameron Diaz. She's a good actress too. It's not all off. But that's where there's no justice in this world, man. There's just no justice. There's a lot of marginal people. You make all the big bucks. And really hot people who really have a lot of talent. Well, unless they're looking around the right places, she looked pretty then good to make. What is your name again, Jordan? Have Brewster. I just mentioned that for you guys out there want to check around on the internet. Now you said there was some pretty good pictures around there like naked. I haven't found any naked. Would you want to be looking for him out with not on the station computer? Oh, no. I'll come back in there be just a big at these face with that computer used to sit right and bars on the door. Oh my god, 10 27 at 560 WQA and how many times you heard about an opportunity and you didn't act. You didn't grab it when it was right there in front of you and you missed out. Right now is one of those times rarely doesn't opportunity interrupt you, but this one should. 3.45% financing with the financial group. 3.45. That's what I just said. Call 1-800-940-land. You might be wondering how long these low interest rates are going to last? Who knows? But when you look back on history, not very long. It's the opportunity a window of opportunity go through with the financial group and get 3.45% financing and save yourself thousands of dollars with 3.45% financing. Half an inch of group tool free, 1-800-940-land. That's 1-800-940-land. What will 3.45% financing do the monthly payments? Bring away down, for example, if you have a $200,000 loan a cost only $900 a month, if you have a $100,000 loan a cost you only $450 a month. Don't wait, get the ball rolling. Do it now. Half an inch of group tool free before the rates change. Call 1-800-940-land. They're equal housing letter. Credit restrictions do apply and rates are something to change without notice. 5.34 APR. When it now check it out, 1-800-940-LAND. 5.34 APR. When you apply system, 2-AM. Air of exploding balls. The turning general, Janet Reno, as purchased a red-forward pickup truck. Hi, I'm Janet. What am I, I'm Graham. Today I've got my travel and companion, a legal alien paco by my side. Paco is my full-time houseboy and part-time off-slave. I'll be riding shotgun with me until we hit Florida. Then I'm going to dump his title, can't can in Miami and push him off with a volleyball and an inflatable super bowl chair. I need some meat time. It's all about Janet and the open highway. I've grown weary of Paco anyway. Oh, I'm Uchachan. He's believing his stinky cigar is all over my apartment. Trying to convince me to do a magical win ski for him. That's not for me. I told him, hey Paco, dance and exit. Oh, I'm Uchachan. Plus, I got a shot at Hook and beat up with Alan now that all fully ballony and his out of the picture. Nothing like rambling down in interstate that clear your mind. Oh, I'm Uchachan. Be looking for Janet Reno's red-forward pickup truck traveling the countryside. Waiter this month. Even more Howard David has beaten her out. He's got 20 votes. He's got 19 poor Janet. 1032, a five-sixty, W. K. W. M. So over the weekend, it was kind of a mixed bag, you know what? They captured Khalid, she shek, shek, my ham and who looks like Ron Jeremy on a bad day. That was the good news. The bad news is that Turkey said, no, take your 16-bed unit, 22, you're 32-bed unit, whatever the real figure is and stick it. How do you like that? Yeah, the Turks. Mm-hmm. And then all of a sudden Friday afternoon, just when a lever starting to destroy over the weekend destroy their missiles. The Iraqis, right? What the fuck? The Iraqiis and every fly-shire Friday afternoon says, oh, well, weapons and mass destruction alone ain't gonna cut it. We have to have regime change. And all these people in the UN are going, huh? What? Stop what you said before. That's not what that was not in the resolution. Even fraggie Jean-Creche, and up here said, what the hell you be talking about? He said, he told me, oh, acceptable. And the Arabs that they're meeting over the weekend, they said, well, if it's regime change, they're this week, who the hell's they're gonna be next week, you know? Right. So I keep try to tell you this, but of course there are people out there who just don't want to get it. Not that they don't get it. They just don't want to get it. The die has already been cast. It doesn't make any difference what they do. They can destroy not only their own weapons of mass destruction, but everybody else is too accept ours, of course. And that's still wouldn't be enough. Because now they're bringing back that old song in about regime change. Oh! Where you got it? I just mentioned that in passing, and I want to get into a whole big song in advance. Somebody suggest Jorge Masconosa for our list. I put him down there immediately. As soon as I saw that, no mass, no mass or hey, no more. Now not no more, but remember that in the world, no mass. Yeah. Oh, who is, who is or was the most despise public figure in South Florida history, H. Wayne, H. Zingham, Irland's Kijoka, Royo, Alice Pinga, Picania, Pinellas, Mohara, David, Xavier Suarez, Nick Navarro, O. J. Simpson, Rol Martinez, Alberto San Pedro, Caesar, Odeus, J. Rino, Rick Sanchez, Iliana Ross, Latelyn, Dr. James Kennedy, or Jorge Masconosa. O. J. Pulling away again, they despise you, O. J. And what have we got in the list? Or we don't have the news on there yet. Yeah. I am. They're coming to it in 28 votes. O. J. has got 74, Wayne's got 47, and Pinga Picania 25, J. Carroyo, tied with Mohara David, it was 20. That's quite an accomplishment, Mohan, just one year. It would be time with Joe Carroyo, huh? How do you like that? As the most despise person in South Florida history, you've got to admit that's a pretty damn impressive accomplishment, wouldn't it, impressive? It's time to get it on. Oh, that's not the one I like. I like them all where he says one moment please. It just, it doesn't before me. You asshole, oh, such emotion. You asshole, who? It says me right through the ceiling. You asshole. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Daughter saw O. J. Do what says the inquire. I don't forget to read about Sydney seeing O. J. Killer Mom. Adam Jacobson and the hero of the yesterday says music fans the cry lack of variety in local radio. And basically says that most of local radio sucks and blows. Didn't mention our name in there. Of course he doesn't realize I'm going to work for third channel pretty soon. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, the. Yes, sir. Hi, how are you? I'm doing okay. I don't know if this is the mention yet, but this is the most acceptable person. I've over that. I've done work for the guy. Everybody knows. I can't believe anybody didn't say them. Nicky, the tricky erasum. Oh, my hearers and that's yeah, he belongs on there. Yeah, and this will maybe not be good, but they've heard from them. No. I'm not. Mom potatoes. Do what fact in New York you got out of our here? So a lot. Wow. But I will say this to an honor of a first spell. There you go. Have a great day, pal. Thank you. Remember that? How can we forget? Did you ever like that? Why did they push along to you? I would remember that. We don't want to talk about that. Get the hump or off set. We don't want to do that. 560, 560, pound 560, the odd EAT and T and T and Verizon wireless line. Our pull question today is who looks better? Tom Welling or Chris Reeve? That's bad. Oh, huh. Or Jordan and Brewster? Who? Well, pretty or Tom Welling or Jordan and Brewster? How much in a Dean would like to vote on that? Name Dean from Jersey? Here's a call from Miami, hello. Oh. Yes sir. Yeah, right. Great. I can run into tell you I best buy an online 95 and how they'll be full of all that's right. You're a real ad. Oh, no more. Here's our first call on the billboard. Oh. And how did it look? It's really beautiful except for one thing. Yeah. I don't think. Right. Listen, don't knock it. We'll take anything we can get. Well, that's what you got buddy. Okay, thanks a lot, pal. Thanks. First one is our first buy report. It's one of those that changes to like fear for other things. Oh, it means they got a real cheap. And then when you find out that the only reason they went and got any billboards at all is because they thought that they were getting sued for not having it. That's really embarrassing, isn't it? Isn't it boys and girls? Isn't that embarrassing? Yeah. Find out that after five years of doing spectacular work and making these people all this money and get all these gigantic ratings. That the only way that they would actually live up to that end of their contractual obligations was threatened to get their ass sued. Oh my god, Greg. Wouldn't you be embarrassed with that, huh? Uh-huh. No wonder when he went into the other day and I sprained some comment about pain and his money went one or another. Like somebody shot him and he asked with a cannonball. I just said it like, you know, I could say that anything. Just out of thin air right away. Oh, blah, blah, blah, I still asked about all this other crap. I'm gonna tell you, I had the most neurotic psychotic afternoon here on Friday that I've had in my life. I'll based on stuff I didn't even know what that late were talking about. And let me give since month one of his assignments in areas tough as I'm in is listening to the show every day between nine and one. I was almost at 10 and two. Never gonna happen, Doug. Let me just suggest this to you, okay? Next time you call this number or any number that I'm at. And you say Greg wanted me to call and say, and you know what you're gonna hear immediately if not sooner? I got an idea. I'll give a clue. Yeah, that dial tone. I'll Greg wanted me to say, and then you're gonna hear that right off the bat. I don't take calls from pins from intermediate areas, from messengers. You thought I want to say? Right. I want to hear it direct on the horses. That's a mouth. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT and T in Verizon. Wireless line. We're radio-osure at QAM. We got a book and we're billboardish too now. Yeah, we're little billboardish. We got billboards up there like on a time. Sure, my quiz goes up there for like two seconds. And then they're like 75 other different things that pop up. And then maybe an hour later there's meals. Pussy again if you look real quick. Excellent. Great job, Greg. Here's Palm Beach, hello. Hey, Leo, what's up? Yes, sir. Hey, I know what you talk about these fan-to-fans all the time. I bought one of those lithograms, pictures of the comfort. And I must have seven eight people say, who's your buy and they said, who the half does that? Yeah. You didn't even know who the comfort was. Good old comfort, wasly. I saw him playing an AMOQ in the Montreal uniform where I play off game against Alicia, the Nandleaf TV. Wow. Wow, Mr. McCluff. Hey, I was down the island last year and I've granted to bunch of people from Toronto and this before Toronto got knocked out of the playoffs. Yeah. They had a hatred for Sunday. Any input on that one? No, they don't. The people here love Matt Sunday. I don't know who that was. People are must have been about your frogs, okay? Probably some candy and a mask, right? Yeah. Yeah, well, they've been there. Everybody here loves number 13, man. Make no mistake about it. We're not talking about them. We don't go. Go, Lee Scull is especially night when they play the Panthers at the Air Canada Center of the ACC. Turn down the ACC at the ACC at the ACC because it's already like 23 below zero outside. It's cold enough, I think. In fact, you know, something they could play right out on young street. They could play the game. Like a skating rink. Kind of like Greg, you know, he's skating up tonight. 560560 pound 560 on the ATT. Just that was kind of like a default call. You know, it comes for isly. Eddie Jackman, Red Park. Let's start talking about some old hockey ESO. That's always good for ratings boost. In fact, you know, who I could have had here on the show today to do a hockey show? Yeah. Could have had him right here in my little studio. Well, call him up. No. 259 votes. Who is or was the most despised public figurine softloaded history from the bottom up? Caesar Odeus, Alberto Cent Pedro, Myolanski, and Xavier Suarez each have a pair. Roll Martina's his four. Nick Navarro, and now we're starting to move a little bit. Got 15. Jan Arino 19, Joe Carrillo, 22. Mohara David at 25 is Pacio Carrillo. Unreal. And his on a verge of passing Mayor Pinguapakania, Alex Pinalas, 26, and Mozoni won on his behind. Then it's a long way up there to H. Wayne, High Zingle with 57 and O.J. 83. They'll never catch him. Huh? He sure can run that. That's caused. That's right. And smudder those bad knees, man. He can still move it. He can still move it. That O.J. 19, before 11 at 5, 60, W.C. W.A.M. They can move it at Pompano Park. I'll tell you that. They're moving it in the flying. Right around that track. And tonight is a big night at Pompano. All you yantas out there. All you people who enjoy a good free meal. It's free spaghetti dinner at a Pompano Park by a Pompano Park program today. Tonight, and get a coupon for a great free spaghetti dinner. Enough said about that. One of our famous free spaghetti dinner ice at Pompano Park tonight. Get everybody from Pompano Air, from Cemetery Villas. Get them all together and head out to Pompano Park. Just by the program in dinner is free. The only horse racing farward stunt show in the world takes place this Friday, March 7 at Pompano Park. It's called Hot to Try. A strike in stuntman Vincent Silvester on his Wonder Horse Handbees silver will amaze you as Vincent stands on the shaft of his O.C. race bike. Holds the rain in his teeth. 15,000 camel par marine flares in his hands. And while hand me silver races around the dark track, shoots off more than 2,000 rounds of farward from the back of his race bike. And the Grand Finale is exciting his marks July 4 display. As Macy's, whatever it hell is says. General parking admission is always free at Pompano Park. Firework show is 9 p.m. this Friday along with exciting harness racing action course. Starting at 7 p.m. free miniature horse rides free face painting and clowns for the kids and lot of music too. I can't wait to see fair riches with it. What is a face painted? San Francisco, a lot of paint. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. We got great live racing for it. Pompano Park located at a block side of the landing bullet heart on powerline road. Easy to get to from both I-95 and the turnpike. Don't forget the big Hot to Try at Horse Racing Firework stunt show this Friday. March 7 and don't forget to come out to Pompano Park Saturday, March 15, week from Saturday. In when a vacation trip for two to pressure K Resort and Marine and Abacobahamas, great racing and lots of other activities going on for you. And, Samuel Casting every day, seven days a week at Pompano harness. Sly and local have your sports video 5, 60, 2, and 2, and 2, and 1. I'm getting palad. Well, congratulations, General Life. That's fine. I'm honored and grateful that you would see me today. Tell me, my most valuable friend, for what reason do you bother me today? I want a station at it, I'm low, tell me. And what is the potential reserve set you've paid? It's a mean man of every mean man. Do you want to be mob-aligned? Really set him up to, but I will have a date in Toronto. Thank you, Katana, Katana, for... For the joy. What? The joy. The joy. The joy is for. The joy is for. The joy is for. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait a second. Yeah? Yeah? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, well, Benjo about time for some sets of me seeing Krans. What are you, Harkin? Yeah, but the fun I was saying didn't yet. No, not a dimension. Hey, man, I'm not talking. My time to get a wiser. I'm a fan of it. I'm not mo. I'm giving you a mo. I'm just filling in today. I'm Boca Brian. Oh, I'm Brian. I must have got a compilage this year. I get neck. It looks like a nice guy. Yeah, that doesn't matter. So, uh, where's Mo? Well, he knows Gildy put a contract out on him, so he's siding out at Scoogins. Scoogins, huh? Yeah, and he's using Clarence for a human shield. I know that, Glyne. Come on, let's go. I gotta drive this up for the jackpot. Okay, to the love bump. My punch card is full of what you will like another Kittikothi. Yes. Oh, you're a good one. You know, Clarence, what do you say we blow this pop stand for a little sport holds, who's yet to do you? Oh, I really should have been back. What? Oh, don't say it back. You know, I guess. Sports. I think it's good to show. Sports. I don't know one. Sports. Sports. No women. Just a man. Nice. Dad, you might have a little bit of a... Ha ha, I've got him. Then digs up, Paul. He's hurtin'. Yeah, what about? I can do a show. He can say ginger. Take off the pink chicken, Tim. Hey, everybody. This raises me. I'm not a hero. Look at it. Dad, I'm a judge. Who's the one who's having fun, Mo? Who's the judge? Are you little a saint? Yeah. What are you doing about wicking five inch shields? Well, my wife likes it so much. I always dress like this now. She's above a bow. You're like him better than me. Sports. Mmm. Sports. Sports. No, no. How many did you before? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? 1049 at five, 60, W. Q.A. Here's a tremendous quote to be able to this week's time magazine. You know, in the notebook, where they hold these different outrageous quotes from different people? Yes. The last one. Well, let me just tell you who it's from before I give you the quote. President Bush. Okay. Well, this is, oh, I see. This is former. Oh, no. Even worse. George Herbert Walker Bush. Number 41, former president. When asked whether Britney Spears and Justin Timberlick should get back together again. Don't even know those two kids don't want to know them. What? They print. Number 41. Don't even know he doesn't know Britney Spears and Justin Tinkerbell. And then incredible. Well, no, it's very credible. Silly old koot. Five, six, seven, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. This is a very, very great column which you facts me, Carlos. This isn't exactly what I was looking for, but it'll do. About the Pope's sending MSRs to Baghdad to be, you know, human shields, etc. But it didn't even rate to make a long story short. That's not the one that was going to profile in the little pop up somewhere. Five, six, seven, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Don't forget to, or remind me about the OJ story about his daughter. Don't forget about Sydney. And don't forget about Adam Jacobson and the HOD yesterday. Dead ear questioned Mark music fans. You quite like a variety of local radio and how it blows. And how this asshole from cheap channel makes an idiotic comment to insult everybody who might be listening to their stations. What a moron, man. Of course he must be working for that company. I heard you're going to work there. Right. Here's Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes, I am. How you doing, buddy? Okay. Hey, man, I haven't been able to talk to you since, uh, why I've called you twice, but I've been listening to you since the late 70s, early 80s. I think you were with, uh, who was it the bird back then? In the late 70s, early 80s, yeah. Hmm. Yes. No. Hey, yeah, I think you were. Anyway. Well, he said 86 87 the bird. Really? Yeah. See how time flies when you have a good time? Time does fly, buddy. Yeah. Hey, whatever you put in that bit with the Dwing Stop. What about it? That bit used to have these to play then? Yeah. You do? You play on the way. No. No. Wow. Woo. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Huh? I'll tell you one thing. It's a good thing we do come up with some pull questions. And what about the ladies? Remember, I said we're going to get a lot of women calling in today. It's just the response to a pull question. Doesn't require a lot of time. Doesn't require a lot of energy. It doesn't require a lot of creativity. Even if we say no, it's a bad choice. Doesn't like that. Nothing. Zipo. On your sports station for the new millennium. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the 18 team. So we find out that we got that one bill board up there on Pembroke Road in 95. That's a switch switch. Roosheard time when it's got like 35 other things on it. And if you look real quick, there's my push, but you can't read it. Because it's not there long enough. Now where are the other ones? Huh? Huh? We're all the other ones that were supposed to be in the hop-around. When you think there'd be, I'd have a schedule of where they are. When you think our program director could be right on top of that. A lot of virtual locations. Some people are. The people who actually are listening can look for them and give us fiery ports. Oh yeah, we saw to one over there on by the turnpike. Whatever wherever they are. You would think. You'd think. But instead, he's too busy making phone calls. He's being the Pemp and instead. Making phone calls on behalf of a certain other Ojo-provocative or Goyum. Don't do it again, Moff. I'll tell you here the dial tone real fast. Here's Hialia, hello. Any? Yes sir. Long dead, still taking Brian. Send me my lander. Who was it? Henry Mylander. He was before our more teammates. The American version of our more teammates in Myalia. I remember reading about him. Yeah, very corrupt. Thanks, Neil. Thank you so much. Henry Mylander, should we put him on there? Who? Nobody's going to remember who that is. No, he's the eye on the stouty sand. Yeah. Guys been dead for 100 years. Well, this is a guy that's been around a long time. Okay, a lot longer than we have. Apparently. I only been there almost 30 years. And you, I mean, you know, you only call it off the rubber raft a few years ago. Right. Yeah, Carlos. Wow. Little fear board. He just came across the Mexican board about six months ago. George found Carlos under and overpassed by the way. Is how why he showed up at the station. Was a little sack, little knife sack on a stick. Took pity on me. Don't ask us why. 560, 50560, pound 560. Where's the women? I want to see. So here you go. There's a lady in Miami. I knew I'd get one. Hello. I knew. Yes, man. I'm the first broad calling for the name. Yeah, the first bag. I mean, the lady calling right. Cool. You know who I hate was a passion. Who's that? Ken Jennings. He's Fox. Ken Jennings. Can I keep my legs? Ken Jennings. He blows. Okay, thank you. I need to take my vote back. So that I can vote for him. Yeah, Ken Jennings. Jeanne and E. Mm-hmm. Broward County Sheriff. You're right. We've had a long list of Broward County Sheriff's to our assholes lady in your right. See, I told him we get some lady in here. You know, she's got a little bit off. She was all right. Frog face and canome. Ken Jennings. miserable nasty. Swing Club Buston scumbag. Okay, that's him. Can't stand him. And we used to have Ed Stack and we had Bobby butterworth another goody two shoes. When it had to be ever going to find somebody a little progressive. A little open minded, a little fun. Somebody that wants to make Florida into a fun place instead of an outdoor funeral parlor. God's freaking waiting room. The only person I know that even likes to have Florida anymore is Lynn Samils. And that's because she's bad to get out of the cold weather. And because she's just about got one foot in the waiting room. And she admits it. That's what she said. She says she's been old. He entered out. She's ready for a place like that. Who the hell would want to be in a place like that? Volunteerly, I would ask you that question. Maybe a few young people like to son and surfing and stuff like that. They don't want you there. Don't you understand all you punks? They don't want you there. They want you out now. It's there time. It's death time. Just roll down the window in your car and smell it. Creeping virulent death. Permiating all of a sudden Florida. I mean, who the hell wouldn't want to be here sitting in my chair right now? Looking out the window. Beautiful, bright, brilliant sunshine. Huh? Yeah. Not a cloud in the sky. All the way up to 22 below zero Celsius. What the, I'm more, could you want? Huh? Not maybe going outside once a gray while would be okay, but who do I want to do that? Looks like I'm a convenience store real close bug. Get my diet sodas over there. An occasional something indulged and little something in there. Better not. No more like a crap, Mr. No more eating crap. Nope. And what's that thing with the beast that's showing up on Friday? I'm pretty porked about that. I'm pretty on about it. I'm doing a weekend of course I had the bad cool. You know, I worked all last week. I don't want to tube my own horn or start sounding like a prima Donna. But I worked all last week as the audience knows. Did not give you a note on Monday and I said, I could buy it today. And I said, I think I got a bad cool. And I still came on with the early finish that show. Right. I did all the rest of the week. Did a show the day after my stroke. Did a show three days after I went. They when I thought it was going to die right there on that day. And the appreciation that the 27th anniversary gift I get from Greg Reed is a bunch of psychotic calls from his pimps. Sorry, but I'm up. My lawyer my agent is an asshole. Why would he know that, okay? I already know that. I don't need a phone call to tell me that. But deal with your own battles. Okay. Don't try to stick me in the middle of all your problems. Okay, Greg. All the problems of your own making to I should point out real fast. And thanks for the near second stroke as my gift. Huh? A real stroke of genius by our genius leader. A man with his head buried so deep in his head. Eeeeh. It's been a fallout his back. Oh, what are these days soon? Just go away, Greg. Don't go away. Pist off. Just go away. Leave me alone. Right now, I'm going to introduce all your dog lovers to a great place. Bark Avenue Pet Resort in Hollywood. Too bad tiny isn't here to enjoy, you know? He would have had a good time there. Bark Avenue Pet Resort is the only all natural Pet Resort in America, or like it says here, America. A beautiful 10,000 square foot facility that offers boarding, grooming and daycare, whether just for the day and they're open 7, 8, 7, 7, and 7, and 7, and 7, over night, or for several months. Here dog will enjoy the comforts of luxury, with oversized towels, sweets with their animal print beds, filtered, smell free air cleaner than most of your homes, purified water for drinking, bathing and washing too. Bark Avenue top-matched groomers, Todd and Francesco offer, expert cuts and all breeds while only using pure chemical free soaps and champoos. At Bark Avenue, your dogs aren't cooped up all day like at most places, and your dogs socialize according to their size in large play areas on soft agility mat flooring. And your dogs are always in the presence of a counselor while at play. Bark Avenue also offers feline boarding in their kitty condos area, hammocks included. If you want to take a look for yourself and see what's going on, log on to bark Avenue Pet Resort.com, and take a virtual tour that allows you to look in on your pet at any time while they're there. Bark Avenue Pet Resort is located at 1400 South Federal Highway, you can call it a 9, 5, 4, 9, 2, 5, bark. 9, 2, 5, bark, or log on to www.bark Avenue Pet Resort.com. Bark Avenue Pet Resort The Vacation Spot that your pet will absolutely love. Sorry, tiny too late. My life and love, this is Fort Real by City. I'm so glad you're here. Will you do it? Yeah, go, fuck yourself. Whether you're a Muslim wanting to get rid of those annoying curds, a Sikh trying to rid the world of Hindus, or a Christian wanting to eliminate abortionists, there's only one place to shop for all your religious weaponry. Religious weapons supply company. At RWS, we believe in the rights of all religions to physically observe their prejudices against other religious groups who don't agree with us that to values. RWS supplies all organizations with a vast range of weapons, and we ship all over the world. For only a small extra charge, we offer an engraving service to have the name of your faith and subscribe to each weapon indicating to your God your level of commitment. So before you start an SGHOD, stock up now at RWS. Religious weapons supply because you know your faith is going to be. So your secret God wills is any fruit to their menu over near British trials? No. First of all, they have enough fruit over there already. You'd better. They're adding fruit to their menu. I have some fries with my fruit, some watermelon fries. No, is that fried fruit? Probably. The fried. That sounds good on a deep fried watermelon. Deep fried candle. Deep fried strawberries, different chocolate, breaded fried banana. Mmm. Nothing like a British banana. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, I sure hope it ain't spotted. pound, 5, 60, ah. On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. We're just killing some time for you today until that Marlon game comes along. I'd play off 50 Marlon's in the Dodgers. Exhibition is baseball. Yeah, with Tannel's serve in yesterday afternoon and it was at Saturday. Maybe it was Saturday because there was a bunch of hockey games on in the afternoon. I'm Tannel's surfing and it was like some exhibition baseball on there. Good. On WPIX to head the Yankee game on and on SPK they had some of the Red Sox game on. Guess how long I watched both of those games put together. I don't know. That long. Just that long like you just hear about two and a half seconds. Here's a call from Hollywood. Hello. Yes. How about how they can stick out and you're good? Down the straw. Yeah, you're good. There'll straws on a wrong coast. How's that conceco is good? Go to think? Sure. Can Jenny just one on here. I'm sure he'll get some votes. Make no mistake about it. And cause Jose Conceco probably get a couple of two. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and T and Verizon line. Who is or was the most despised public figure in South Florida history? Eighth Wayne Hisinga, Myer Lansky. Myerie, do it to good is he. What? We got 244 votes. Myer Lansky's only got two votes. See on this show we like the guy. I like the guy. And Mickey Eris and we just went up there momentarily ago. He ain't got any votes. Come on. Let's let him the Mickey baby. Let's get Mickey Eris in a voter too, dammit. OJ109. They can't touch you. OJ. They can't touch you. Eighth Wayne Hikinga's 74. Mohour David is just edgeed in the third place. Let's hear it for the Mowmysster. 31 votes. One ahead of votes. Joe Conroy and Alex Pingu Piccini with 30 of peace. Jan Arino 27 and Nick Navadro 20. All the others are a small potatoes. Like Frankie Pintangely. Like George, small potatoes. A-he. Here's a call from Cutler Raid, Chello. There was a meal. Yes sir. On the ladies name that you're here. Oh no no no no no no. Four is out. Sylvia Adiana. What is that? Rob Cuban lady. Sylvia one? Ariana. She's that great here lady. That was always off with on Alien. I think I think it was Sylvia but on the Alien it doesn't ring any bells with me. Does it ring about with you George? No dress guy does. Drunk. Drunk. We trust you. Drunk. Sure. Okay. Thank you. We trust him. Well no I mean why are you so negative? Just because it was one of your people. I was so one of those guys either the negative. No it is all not was one of them. It is not. It is not. All right everybody who sounds like they have a voice right away. And it's been going to be a little paranoid but everybody who's got a voice. All right that's our reference Joan. All right did that before that's right. Huh? I think George is actually right on this one. What? That was what it was guys. Whatever. What are we care? You're gay. Maybe he had the right information. Do you think just because his eyes are those guys? He might not contribute. I don't think that was your name anywhere though. It was Sylvia something though but every you know I don't remember the name. Do you know what if they got the right name I would recognize it? No not Sylvia's right but I'm I would bet at least a half of your paycheck. That is wrong. Huh? Anyway somebody will know that maybe and maybe not. It's just we just don't have those people listening anymore. Since the alien episode where our Julio people went you know they went buy buy. I've simply Christopher Chris for the cranks. Everywhere we're video slept. We're bad people now. We're evil. We have no ethics. The sparks who they all left after Condolese you know they're all gone. And then of course after Ali on the as who they was going to speak. And so what do we got left? We got a few red necks and of course they like bush so they're all gone. So what we got left alienating the whole audience. Of course they've out of town in nine following mole and people are like him. Sure he does like poison. So those people are gone in nine o'clock. What do we got left? Squat that's right nothing. And then we got Greg making his typical phone calls all day and Friday. What does that tell you? Places coming on good boys and girls. Q AM and we're radioish. Here. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hello New York. Yes sir. Do we have mirror in my lawn zone at Luce? No we don't somebody suggested that but she's not in the same league with these other people. How she's you know a steaming bitch also. No no most the most the most despised public figure when South Florida history. She's more local I guess. We just took a poll and 85% of America said we're Emma you know. Good God. Daughter saw O.J. murder mom says the National and Quarromarch 11th issue. The one with the very angry O.J. picture on a front. In a bombshell new development of the O.J. Simpson saga. Did you hear that? The word that they used in a bombshell? Some family members now believe O.J. Daughter's Sydney saw her father murder her mother Nicole. The inquire has learned exclusively. Oh. Sydney repressed her horrifying memories for years but they're working their way to the surface relative say and they were an underlying factor in the blow-up with her dad that led to these 17 year olds much publicized 9-11 call in January. Now as you remember everything declared a family insider, that revelation doesn't surprise Nicole sister niece Brown. She told the inquire where she believed Sydney's 9-11 call was a cry for help and she may well be struggling with frightening memories that stem from when the singer mother's death in 1994. But if you really want to know for sure ask O.J. Daughter and he said he was there. What a sense of humor that Denise has gone. Too bad we hate her like poison too you know. Yeah. She's a real bitch Denise. Anyway, now where's the scenario they have here? Oh, here you go. A family insider says this and but a bit but a bit but about Akito the dog was barking so she couldn't have been asleep in a fast asleep because Akito the dog. Not Akito Kailin. Right. He might have been barking too. It says Kito the dog slept in Sydney's bedroom so even in the unlikely event she was asleep the dog could have woken her as he left her room barking. This is when the uh, stimulus was going on outside. What's more the mystery of Nicole's open front door is a significant clue that points to Sydney having seen the murder. The insider there's always an insider and other family members believe this is the scenario that likely unfolded the night of the double murders that I O.J. murdered both Nicole and Ron Goldman. A wound up said they didn't fall asleep while she was woke awakened by the barking dog or by the noises. From her bedroom she heard her mother arguing downstairs near the front door. She went to the landing by the top of the stairs and peeked downstairs. Nicole was outside arguing with an enraged O.J. Nicole would not have left her front door wide open with her children alone in the house. Sydney walked downstairs and opened the front door to see what was going on. There on the walkway she witnessed Simpson savagely murdering her mother. A horrified Sydney ran back upstairs to the safety of her own room where her mom and told her she would always be safe. Hoping it was only a dream that Sydney still in shock, repressed what she had witnessed so she wouldn't have to deal with the gruesome images. Having already lost her mother she was faced with later losing her father as well as the insider. So when investigators asked her if she heard a sign anything, she honestly answered that she didn't because she had repressed the incident. But a year later as Sydney gets older her memory of the incident is coming back to her, a source posted a Simpson case told the inquiry that O.J. has always believed Sydney's sorrow heard something that night and that's the reason why he never allowed her to testify as murder trial. One of O.J's own investigators believe that Sydney heard her mother arguing with the man it was a fight. When O.J. was told as he vowed, no child of mine is giving evidence at my trial according to the close source that will be over my dead body to which we would say, oh right, yeah, wouldn't we? I would, oh brother, I would dance, I would dance a jig. I'm telling you right now. But only forget about the Jimmy Olsen story. Okay. It's in the same inquarer. This is definitely an issue you've got to go out and buy a set for the fact you're going to get it for free. Right. Alright, if you went at finally shows up, how come you invited a way to get on the soprano's he knew a call I'd bad. The a drug kid? Which one? Robert Tyler. He's lost a lot of weight as he's aged. He could be the one the series started. He was just out Pudgey little kid. Yeah, he's 17. Almost old enough. Huh? Almost. He looks almost human. So, Pranos kid partying his way to his master, Robert Eiler, underrated drinking and drugs could land the trouble team behind bars. Oh my God. I do like that. Ah, small potatoes. Don't have, yeah, don't have a good time with him in there, I guarantee. Woo! Man. Don't get so about a Robert. Back to him. Yeah, that's right. Where does that Jimmy Olsen story, damn it, I guess I'll have to look for it during the break. I had it. And now I lost it. Oh, here it is. Superman's pal was gay. But we all knew that right when this, this has been out for ages. What's the guy's name? Jack Larsen played the Jimmy Olsen gay. But he reveals some other fairly interesting stuff and here which we'll get to, it's some of our gay banter today. 5605056, the pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Here's a call from plantation. Hello. Gail. Yes sir. How about that famous ambulance, Jace, or Elliott Rubin? Ellis Rubin. Ellis Rubin, excuse me. Or Elliott Rubin, whatever you prefer. Elliott, Elliott, right. Yeah, Ronnie Zamora, make it out one of these days it said. I didn't even get out or they just shortened a sentence. Something like that. They shortened a sentence. They shortened a sentence too. Okay, we'll put him on here. That's cute. Ellis Rubin. Ellis Ellis we've been thinking that your career is really sticking. Ellis Rubin, let's put him on or just put him on. Just put him on. Okay. All right. What? That's an I. 5605056, the pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. OJ, they'll never catch you, baby. 120 votes. Wayne, I think 80 and after that it's real small potatoes. It's a two horse race and one of the horses is like nine troughs. One of the horses is a secretariat. They're 50 likes to head in widening their lead. I think they're spraying bugs spray in here by the way. Really? Yeah, time. Oh, try. It might not be bugs spray though, George. Might be that wicked gas that Greg or promised to get you with. Maybe he thinks I'm actually there today. Maybe this is where getting even with Norma can't. No, he knows better. An average display on Friday, Greg, an average bizarre unacceptable childish display of peak. See, I guess he just doesn't like the fact that somebody else played his own game on him from what I'm getting and kind of like told a little lie like he'd already filed his lawsuit and got him all whipped up into a frenzy and psychotic and making all these phone calls up here or having tough make all these phone calls up here. Somebody else had it like threatened you to get to and they still still don't have his money from what I'm gathering. Norma still don't have his money. He's got money. Kind of a sad situation when you have to threaten to take somebody to court to get them to pay on time especially a publicly traded company like measly broadcasting that pretends to be like a responsible broadcasting institution Greg and people have to continue threatening and doing all sorts of legal gymnastics and gyarrations to try to get you to live up to the promises that you make. Very sad Greg, it's all I can tell you, okay? Invite away, Duff said in one of those calls, one of the 80 calls I had on Friday, he said be sure and mention to George. Greg, he did say that couple of times. 13 past 11 at 560 WQA, it's interesting that he knew this number that he called here about a year ago. Yeah, almost a year ago to leave me that message about how congratulations on a great book and by the way, I'm going to terminate to our drug regus because Mo is doing it, my he didn't really say, but we knew what it was later on. Remember that? Oh yeah. He knew the phone number then. No problem at all, didn't have no intermediary call me to tell me that message. Call right here on my guide to him phone. But how he was firing little Jordan Rodriguez because Mo was throwing a snid over a couple of silly emails. Good, Golly Miss Molly. Embarrassing man, I'm going to write a book, I really am. I'm just a silly. I am these ghost writers. You don't have to do anything. Just answer some questions and they'll write it all up. No, I'll write it. All right, believe me, I'll help. I'll write the guide to him. Think nobody will even believe it. The crap that goes on in this business 27 years of insanity I've seen. Absolute insanity. Some more so than others, but nobody even a kind of contest with this guy. That this is a guy. You could have a heart attack and be in a hospital in intensive care with tubes that up, you know, you can come up to you said, did you really send you a low emails, George? Hey, if you're standing at the edge of your bed screaming, I should have to see if he could induce another heart attack. Leave me alone, Greg, okay, leave us all alone. He's still reluctant about ordering a bed over the phone. I don't understand why because of our million people about their mattress over the phone. From our good friends at Dalamacris Plum, plus hundreds more, do it in every week. You know, our good friends at Dalamacris by now. We talk about them on a show just about every day and believe me, nothing has a bigger impact on your life each and every day than getting a quality night sleep. So call 1-800-MATT-RES right now and you'll have a great night sleep guaranteed from our friends at Dalamacris. That's what I do. Just call 1-800-MATRIS. The easiest way to shop for anything. They carry the bed, silly, sort of Simmons King, Coral, every size and style. Dalamacris is right. Number one, a customer satisfaction. Dalamacris has got more repeat and referral customers than anybody else because they know how to treat their customers right. And once you buy a mattress and Dalamacris, you'll never go back to a show where again, you'll never waste the time they effort into money. And don't forget when you buy a mattress and Dalamacris, they'll set it up for you and take away the crappy old smelly bedding for free. That's right. Almost unheard of, but they do it. Dalamacris sets up the new and takes away the old bedding for free. So make the call now because it's the unbeatable way to do it right. Call Dalamacris and enjoy a great night sleep for years to come. 1-800-MATT-RES that's 1-800-MAPREST for Dalamacris, the easiest, the smartest, the most intelligent possible way to buy you a great new mattress. My life and love all this is for 3-05-60s. You way, you way, you way, you, you. You all, me. Mr. oblivious, say that I'm an idiot and that I'm well-seed at that age, man. Here. I've got the right attitude for it. When things go wrong, you go I trust it. More and I like nights and nights, and nights, and nights, and nights, read a brief easily, and nights, got more money than you. You can't stop the rules, you can't stop the rules. Call me reprimandseable, why not your dispenseable, I'll find out the relation or truth. I don't care what you say or truth. I just turned the other cheek when the sales holes lie on me as the numbers died out the truth. So what the station annoying me is, it's just a great bitoid of me. I've got to get to my trailer by truth. To pick up my brand new books, robbers, too. I'm not a real idiot. Love an IT boy, that's perfect for the, you know what? Yeah, I'm not kidding, like the glove on O.J. is thing I didn't fit. 560, 560, pound 560, and Zagjani a cockring said, if I don't fit, graceful or shmit, and that would be said, that rhymed anyway. So when you're going to go to work for a cost broadcasting right away, that's a little problem with the number 30. Yeah. How would be good, maybe you and PD Lenny can be together again. Big reunion, right? Here's a fact that says I didn't come to South Florida in the last or word, but what about the church leader that led the fight to run a kids out of four letterdale on Spring Break? He turned out to be an extortionist, just something was vanished from his huge temple of a church. Who the hell was that? I don't know. I vaguely remember that, but nobody to somebody will know. Somebody will also know the name of that Sylvia, whatever her name is. It was definitely not Sylvia Ariane. I don't think that's right. Was it? Maybe it was Ariane and Hupington. Yeah, that could have been it. That's not her name. It's Sylvia something. And you're right. You think that's why we just can't think of it. It means they won't get a vote. The fact that nobody can think of it. But we can see her because she was on the tube there. Every goddamn day, Hawking about alienism, for alienating that and the Miami family, blah blah blah blah blah. And all the crap, with our Montague de Yares and Réoles, Saul, Sanchez and all other, Saul or crap we went through, man was epithetic. Tragic. Fun. And the freaking fishermen and Mirius Grecia and then Lazaro and his drunk and the hell was whichever relative or what? I had drunk and brother. Something, both of them, the drunk and uncles. Was it Sylvia, Eviondo? Oh, that's it. Yeah, Iriana, my ass, okay, Iriana. Iriana, Iriana, that's her name and you're right. Nobody's in a who that is. I'm not going to put it on there, but that's Sylvia, Iriana. Iriana. I'll get back here. Iriana. David's post, you're right, and it was one of those, schmucks. But who cares? At least he had the first name, right? You're such a hard ass man. You just don't want to let these poor bastards under to do their thing. They're whole life, he volves her about getting out there and doing their thing. I know, that's why. And what are you doing? You're trying to screw their lives up. But I want to be a hate you like poison. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, listen, I might as well laugh after the day I had your own body, man. Screwed up my whole weekend, until yesterday morning when I had that call from Norma Kent who would lay down and he all is using information about how he finally terrorized somebody else. Nice going Norm. It's about time. Oh, yeah. Payback is a bitch, Greg, and Alan. Oh, yeah. It's okay when you do it. But if somebody else plays the same game with you and kind of like terrorizes you and stresses your ass out. Oh, then all of a sudden they're bad. Their mother effort is. And we either would have said, we've been invented in the history of the human race. Yeah, that's right. Now we're bad guys, Greg. We're in a bad guys. You're in a good guy, and who lives up to his word. Right. Here's your call from Miami. Hello. New. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Great. All right. I got to suggest I'm for the floor here. You know, someone I hate poison like poison personally, but uh, yeah. Yeah. Rick snatches. He's on there, man. I don't know if he's getting any votes, but he's on there. How's he doing? He's like, uh, huh? 11. Oh, that's pretty good. See, I told you. It was a late edition of Ricky Tickie Sanchez. Already got 11. Excellent choice, sir. I told you, and I came to be like a little bit late, but better late than never. I already have a homosexual relationship with Neil, so I might as well have one with you too. Oh, and by the way, speak in the bad. Guess who's on, you know, I'm always talking about MSNBC. How I enjoy watching the Bill Press and Buchanan thing from 2 to 4. Mm-hmm. Guess who's on there, beats before, uh, to a clock. I give up. You just heard his voice. Really? And they got him squatting over the map again. Oh, god. Now let's go to the, uh, what do they call it? The, the war not the war room, but these, oh, let's go to the war situation room. Oh, my god. Not that the media are getting us all primed for war and stuff like that. Right. Not that they're getting sucked in and being a, you know, doodafold of the administration. But now let's go to the war situation room with another one of our 45 retired generals who needs to the work, because nobody wants to talk to them. And nobody wants to buy his book. Don't let me forget, man. I'm writing that book. I am writing that book inspired by the incidents over the last few days. I'm absolutely positive. I'm going to write that book. And let me tell you, Mo, when I write that book, then we're not holding anything back. Then it's all coming out, including the crap that, uh, Gildi's squealing over town out too. Oh, George. Yeah, they're doing a good thing. He's sucking up to you. Now, how do you like that? Okay. Now that won't do it. That won't do it. You're screwed, baby. Only one thing we can say about him. M. Oh, R. Oh, and yeah, and he can spell it right, too. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on it. How's he doing on the pull by the way? Oh, and that isn't third place holding on an edge of a vote over Alice bigger pergene. We got a real battle for third going on between Mo, Alice, Pinga, Picania, and Joe Carrillo. What do you think between Mo and Carrillo, huh? They could do a show. The Mo Carrillo show on the flow. Here's my short as hello. Neo. Yes, sir. Hey, listen, how many from our last could you just two? I believe just appeared. That's pretty sad, isn't it? Oh, he. He. Yeah, hey, you remember the cast waves? No, he's up to three now. He's got three. Yes, I do. It didn't. He used to hang out over there in the cast waves? I don't know. Beats me long before my time. You were a monster, you were a monster. He used to live in one of those high rises on the beast. But before that, he lived in Halenville. In fact, in godfather, too, remember the scene where Michael, they drive him up to the, I'm a, I'm a highman, raw house. Yes. In Halenville, Florida, that was where he lived. Hey, listen, that's true. That's true. Hey, listen, I got a request from my love partner here in the village beautiful. That dueling poops that you have there. You know, that you guys side by side in the dueling poops? You know what I'm talking about? No. Oh, I'm just going to disguise the side by side in the stall. Oh, you're talking about that fanboy thing. Yeah, can you do that from my partner, Michael? I'll work on it. All right, they think. Okay, sounds to me like you're already doing it, Tom. Well, what is that call? Is it like Greg and Highboy? Oh, not another Greg bashing, but how that would be bad. Wouldn't be overdoing it a little bit? Good. Is that what it's called? I don't know what it's called, but I know that's what, uh, for how am I going to find that? Well, I guess we can take some time and look forward to looking up some good time. Here's Jeff Hi, cheerboy. I'll tell you one thing, he better take care that silly S neighbor has David. You're just wasting your time, David. We're not going to read him on the air. And George is beginning to hate you like poisons changing the heading all different ways. And I'm going to work. How about a little Jerry, is he still a doing a squiggly stuff or not? Yeah. Is he really? Yeah. Must be frustrated as hell, no one at the never going to get up here. Not going to see him Jerry, you're wasting your time. You're spinning your wheels. Maybe leave him your red dress up. What? Give you red dress up so they can mail them to you. Yeah, right. I'll give you my direct tax line up here. You can tax all that crap. Okay, we can waste 50,000 sheets of tax paper every day. Are you idiots? God. Must be tremendously frustrating than knowing that they just they just can't get through to me, man. They just can't give you to see their swill or crap. I can smell it the all the way up here. That's a good news. 416. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. OJ, man, he's got to be with a stick with a machete. He's so far down the field. Look at that. If he could have run that fast, he would have had like 15,000 yards of season. Maybe he should have run the Mexico he would have made it. Probably would have found Tom Cruise in the John Stockweller. Oh no. Oh no. I just had a little policy to use for all over on a floor here. Oh, maybe the book of Brian taking a dump on right on top will see. We'll see how it all floats out. 1127 at 560 WQAM. Now's this the new copy from PDLany finally good. Thank God boys, he's slower what? I hear he's going to Phoenix. The lights are west book is a superstar for the Akins that when he low carb sugar free diet and a continues to add new low carb food products every single day. This month the lights is introducing three new flavors of their low carb crunchy rocket chips is that racket or racket. Racket RACQET their rocket chips and their new low carb brownies by carb control and four delicious flavors with the only one carb for serving for all you brownie hounds out there. So whether it's carbolite ice cream, breads, muffins, cheesecake, pasta and sauces, or any of the other 600 low carb foods, the lights are west book is the place you've got to love but you'd always sample before you bite. They have an eligible staff that knows dieting inside and out the open every day, seven days a week, ten to ten and they create the most complete line of Akin bread products in the world. The books, the vitamins, all the good stuff, always 25% off all day every day. The Akins diet is rated number one so head to the number one low carb sugar free store around. The lights are west book on the northeast corner of blades and 441 right next to Boston Market or column tool 31877 low carb or check them on the web if you like it low carb.com. Don't forget there's only one the lights are west book and it be your official Akins retail centers. We'll table and rate me. Welcome back to the Mohawad Dabida show. Where we're jack full of zany but good clean family fun. You know that pipe smoke and gizbers let things rapes funny. Is that funny? Plains crash into buildings as funny too huh? What? What? What? Since when is gang rape funny? Especially when it's me getting my deep bag ramped. Where are jack is? Hey! How about the zooies? Lemon and a dokel tap there so when I talk. This is important. They don't know comedy. I'll show them comedy. Today I brought my collection of Laman Abna tapes. Ooh? Laman Abna yam moron. They even named the restaurant at the lumb. That ya cluelish muck. Look at back that out later. Right now it's time for our transcendent mid-show snack. Bring the morning mayo his food. Ah, here they are. My favorite place to die is I go to booka. Dig in a very buddy. What is it, shrimp? Looks like a donut. Not served the vain dumbrials from plant parent hood. They didn't hood. But it's good. Yeah, too. Try it with the cocktail sauce. Hey, hey beast. Complete an Alice Cooper record. Okay. Dead baby. There's a little atmosphere for you to help it go down the go. Hey baby, I really dig that Alice Cooper seat. I'm with an omg. I'm a hefty of food. The people pulling the walk is good. Here. That's a more sensitive. I'm going to put a bunch of pellet. Thanks mo. That's bad. All right. Oh, we got the meat head mad dog coming up at one. Followed by that fat jewel right after the quay and the spritz. What's that? It's a play. The play. Good boy. It's headed right for your asshole. Then the quay. It's 113426 till noon at 5.60 W to QM. Marlon baseball can up and less than an hour and a half. Anybody excited? No. Anybody going to be listed? Now this is a good facie just sent me. Oh, the list. Yeah. Yeah. Mark shine Bob. No, see this. Unfortunately, he's a light bulb person. Doesn't get it. But the other ones are excellent. Right. I mean, we do have a bit of a Mark shine Bob. But we don't ever play it any one in a while. Nobody knows what that is. Very good. But other ones, it's a and it says South Florida most Tata nominees be sides me. Do I might supposed to know who this is MS? Mark shine Bob. Oh, that's hit. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Anyway, is that pathetic or what? Talk about a self-aggrandizing. Anyway, I need a Brian's good. Huh? Yeah. Certainly. Right. Oh, there he king is excellent. What do you say? Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Very king's good. Chase his ass out of town on a rail. And then he wound up, uh, you know, covered in a bucket of Schmidt. Pete Bulger is excellent. Of course, that's kind of a radio thing. Petey Bulger. Gonna put our we put these on there better. Yeah. And he'd be a Brian Lerick king Peter Bulger. Uh, buddy, what packs and I don't think so. Yeah. Wasn't here long enough. Bob Cooce? Should I spell it that way? No. K-wenty Z to one. How do you spell it? K-wenty K-wenty Z. Z. And the coach here is great. Now they don't hate Jimmy Johnson. Oh, we would want to hear Jimmy and Danny. I can't find the, uh, the Greg and Fat Boy taking a dump out. Because I don't think I have that up here. But you got to do it. Don't look. Oh, yeah. Okay, so we'll play that come out of the next breath. Yeah. I don't have that here. I don't have it here. Boca Brian, I just mentioned that in passing. All the way should. How's that pull coming? He'll don't let me forget that article by Adam Jacobson from the R.O.D.s. Day by the social media. I'll get a video below and clear channels about your great robbing assholes. Yeah, I guess if I was going to be working there, probably wouldn't be talking about that. Greg, God. No, that's not that. That's why you're smart. Another thing when it comes to radio rumors, aren't we pretty good in terms of hearing about every radio rumor that ever comes down to pike and sounds right? I didn't hear that rumor. Of course, I've never heard that from anybody. Anywhere at any time. And yet here's, uh, their corporate attorney on the phone. Wow, uh, great. Serenia's rumors about Neil is going, everybody's talking about this all over the market. If everybody's talking about it, we must be the last ones to hear, right? Neil's going to go to work for Chippe Chan. But the direction of the people over there are friends of ours. They would have to go up. That's right. I think when you just start hallucinating when you do too many magic mushrooms, you start spewing all kinds of crap, Greg. Anyway, the poll, who's the most despise public figure in South Florida history, which the list is now growing thanks to a marchai bomb? Can you believe that? I'll always saw Craig Warding the other night. He looks he's still alive. That's going, Craig. And you can't have a second meal. OJ Simpson 135, H Wayne High Pingu 91. And they're like a million, uh, the eight, Wayne's closing the gap. You notice that? Mm-hmm. He's closing right in on OJ's ass. Oh, I'd love to see that. Oh, no. Moe Howard David at 40. He's pulling away from the, the, the, um, heirs. By the way, something. Yes, you notice that there is a similarity, a commonality with the top three. OJ Simpson, H Wayne High Pingu and Moe Howard David. What is that, bad here? Feast sports? Oh, sports. Okay, Clarence Albena to shape. Alex Pingu Pingu 35, Joe Carroyo 33, Jan Arena 29, Nick Navarro 23, and Rich Sanchez, moving up to latter fast. Nice going, Ricky. Oh, hey, hey, too. He's got 13. But only Paul LeCaston over here to see that. Remember when Sanchez left to go to MSNBC? Yeah. And Castro will win on the, you're in head, called him on the phone and sucked his ass. Oh, geez. God. The disgusting man. Right behind Rick Sanchez, right in his ass is Eliana Rosanna Dana, with 10. And she's also related to this. She's doing well. Roll Martina's six Xavier Swar as five Marlansk, only three Dr. James Kennedy three. Well, he was out of pull we had last week. What was that about? I forgot evil do it. I don't know what it was. It was something like that. Caesar Ode is two Alberto San Pedro, Pierre MacIerson two. One piece for Jorge Mascarosa, who's a cancoco in Ellis Rubin. And none for Ken Jenny. Ken Jenny has zero. Oh my God. Oh, Jesus Joseph and Mary. And I thought this was the station where the swingers were, huh? Okay, be that idea. Well, if it's your thing, it's your bag. Dragon, your poor wife, all those swing clubs talking about swing and essence, swing it in everybody's direction. And so, pastel, where's the ball's in his face? Yeah, man. Ball's in his push. From some 80 year old Fag troll. Why sure what love you was seeing that? I love that. I don't want to see it live. I'd puked. I'd like to see the picture of that. Joe Castello with some serri old troll swinging his nuts in his face. Tell it to one change. White toes were to cringey. None for Ken Jenny so far. Well, I guess the audience likes to fight the right and all them swing clubs. That's just, that's an easier creation. And the fact they don't like using. I say, it is. Twenty-till noon is five sixty WQA and for the past several weeks now have been talking again about an old friend of ours, Flora's Pizza. And what a great place this is. If I Julie brought a scoop from there back in January, remember that? Yep. I was gonna say it seems like only yesterday. It seems like a hundred years ago because, boy, I tell you, Jones and For it. The sauce was incredible. Everything was fresh. At Flora's nothing comes out of the can, including the employees. You can tell by that just made fresh taste from the sauce to the freshly made pizza, and fresh baked garlic rolls that everything is baked fresh right there on the premises. Nothing out of a can or a jar. The portions are more than generous than these more cheese and meats on the pies than anybody in town, which is why when you walk in there you wise, the smell that oozing cheese, you know? That oozing melted cheese. It's fantastic, which is why when you get a pizza, Flora's everybody is fighting for that last slice. Don't take my words for it. Find out for yourself. It's a soft-loaded institution. There were at 731 Northeastern United Street, up his gain, Boerbart. You can call Flora as a 305-758-5351 and get your stuff delivered. They'll deliver from 34th in Biscayne, all the way to 135th in Biscayne. They'll go to Quayside, Cricket Club, the Jockey Club, Flora's even delivers as far west as 12th Avenue east to columns 71st. You know who I had to dream about last night? Greg. Dr. Mark Laporta. Oh wow. Yeah. Dr. Mark? Sure, of course. I had a dream about him. I think it was a nightmare. And in my call, Flora's have a nice little Judy, she'll tell you about the great pizza specials. Like 1399 for large cheese-bile, lead with soda and sister-licious chicken wings, and she'll even point in the right direction where Dr. Mark's office used to be over there in a beach. Call Flora's anytime at 305-758-5351. That's 305-758-5351, and be sure until our friends at Flora's that fat-old meal sent you by. Oh, my God. We're supposed to be in a spicy slur. You, A.M. Tarnished with the sore of this place. I think, of course, for God, because he had to evacuate something. He had to go out and take another craft? Yeah. You gotta be kidding me. I thought he would this is the second time in just a few days. He was supposed to like, you know. Yeah, but this time you really forgot bad. He's coming in on his knees because he's so upset about it. This is so far. Nice authentication. Oh, sorry. Yeah, me too. I have a plate. I had a chicken in pay. One day she flew away to Tioano, where the moon is blue. Dabos. But with our right wing censorship, there are words in mussel slur. Who truly tell you how I feel for it. That's it, boy. So. This is the cave you're too odd. I'll see you with Tioano too. Oh, now if you see cave, tell her I'm a service day. And the SEC won't let me sing this song. I wrote a song, now if you see cave, take her hand. Tell me, say that after this transmission, I'll be out in 90 days. Oh, Mr. C. K. M. T. I. One. That's how C. U. K. I. One. I go on a go. I got a T. The T. I. One. I. I. I. 145. 5. 60 W. K. I'm just an hour away from the Marlins baseball. Wow. Pretty impressive. It's kind of like an honor to do like a pregame show for the Marlins. Don't forget Panthers that are Maple Leafs here at the Air Canada Center night seven o'clock pregame show. They should go pan the prebu 730 game time with jugs in Randy. I'm assuming jugs will be making a comeback. Who do you ask him? Nobody can hear me. I'm just saying that because you don't want to like uh, I loan your glove to willow gear. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, what'll happen? In fact, guilty might be on a special flight all the way up here just to do the game. Hey, by the way, Gellie, we know you're trying to stop Jack. A jug is a jigs and a bad dub. Jigs, stuff is junk. Mike, here's a good facts from Mike who says, is this an authentic chronic fancier either? I don't think Jordan abruosters not only attractive, but also smart. Not like Fred O she's smart. She attends Yale University in part because your father is a press person of the school. She's of American or Brazilian descent. Thank you, Mike. See somebody knows who the hell that is? Good. Bill sent a fact that you're just going to love. It's hysterical. Okay. Is it about Jordan abruister? No, it's about the pole. Is it about punky breaster about what? It's about two sentences. It's about the 10 words too long. Bill, George is wrong about the similarity between OJ, H Wayne and Moping, sports, it is murder. OJ killed Ron and a cool. H Wayne killed the Marlins and Moke killed something alongside the highway and placed it on his head. I've gone Bill, excellent. Oh, look at this. This is hysterical. Here's another few things. That was funny. Yeah. Wait a minute, if you think that was funny, remember that scene in that work? Right. Toronto. First, the wedding, then the divorce. Now the revelation. This is like saying that Ana and I were with. Confirming a long-standing rumor in the sports world in general, Sergei Fedorov of the NHL Detroit Redwings and tennis star Anna Kornakoya, when deed married Fedorov told a hockey news. Anybody believe in it? When asked about the rumors that he and Kornakoyov were once wed Fedorov said, they are two. We were married all via brief and now we are divorced. This is the chick that's a Dayton and Rikai by the way now. She's a hot and heavy. And the Pavell Brey. Fedorov 33 told the hockey news. He had no lower keeps in touch with the 21-year-old Kornakoya. The nature of the Russians relationship with the Russian tennis star. How is teammates felt about it in Kornakoya's rumored relationship with NHL star Pavell Brey? Now of the New York Rangers, among the topics Fedorov addressed and a wide range again if you're the March 14 issue of the hockey news. Got him, I'm not going to talk to you this time. At least the audience doesn't. They don't care about that. Oh look at this, this is how it's standing. This is great. From your Sarpus's the Jeff Isle neighbor day. Yeah. Okay, George, you won. Good vibe of the New Yorkers show no more faxes. And it's got the unhappy face. Big circle with the 10 in the big frowning. Yeah, big unhappy face. Well, you know something bye-bye, Dave. Oh! Yeah. In other words, he wouldn't, he's only going to listen if we let him, you know, we humor him with his 8,500 views on his axis every day. He didn't say he wasn't going to listen. No, no, that's the implication here. Goodbye. And guess what, Jeff Heiz neighbor? Bye, bye, bye! You see, when somebody, when their whole life is based on being an appendage, you know what I reminds me of Sam, remember Sam? Right. Who was always attached to somebody else at the hip. He never had an identity of his own. He was always like having dinner with O.J. having dinner with somebody else famous. He was a lived once met in week A. He was always attached to somebody else, but had no identity of his own. So guess what, Jeff Heiz former neighbor, Dave? Bye, bye, bye! Bye, bye! Don't let your fax machine hit you in the ass on a way out the door. By the way, yes, something the poison gas is really, really strong in here. All right. Another reason for me to be here with my nice air purifier machine, which I think does do pretty good. You notice how much better I sound today? Because I crank that thing up in my bedroom pretty hot over the weekend and the purifier too. This is getting dizzying. Well, there you go. I think it's probably because Greg is all bent out of shape and pissed off from Friday from the day that he went into a big sniff. Greg H. And keeping that in mind, he's probably since he can't take it out on me. He's probably going to do the next best thing. Greg, what up? That is give you the old gas, huh? Now in the next break, like coming up at noon, we will play that bit if it's the last day of the interview. But we've got a 30 second break. I was only gone for a minute. Yeah. I'll tackle him. I'll tackle him if he tries to leave again. Yeah, and I'll let him leave until he fires that thing off. Okay, which I wouldn't mind, but I just don't have it here. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. I got a good pull-up going here today. And we do it not over that guy that hits our pulls. He's a pull-hater. Probably don't like pull-up. Pull the speed, believe it. What does George Hamilton do it on there? Oh, and it looks like we're not quite done with them. Family to the Palm Beach 6-new, we're returning. We have these series on TV and March. Charlie's full. Thank God, let's get some more Cowboys shows and Detective Shosa. Some more sitcoms. Television blows, okay. You know what I'm going to do today? Even though it's very cold. Yeah. What? I'm going to go on by me a DVD player. Is there a one up here? Good plan. We talked about that. You didn't go. You bore on the fourth of your life. Ah! Especially right now, the whole, that's what the whole movie is about. Is it the scam of getting wrapped up in all this flag waving and fanfaring and going off and taming? Oh, and scam. You know that, you know something I'm so glad you mentioned that. Among all my other great bedtime stories, which not nearly enough people are reading that on our website on www.nearardures.com and it pisses me off. There's a great column here by Bill Moyers. Did you see it? No. Ah, and then there's the thing about the Naked Antite Warden and Stratus sweeping the world of seven, fortunately not there. Sydney Australia, hundreds of Australia and women have stripped off in the naked show to find against the possibility of the West Blood War on Iraq. About 300 women buried it all in yesterday's protests laying down on a Sydney sports field the spot out the words no war. You know, we have yet to get to really good photo coverage of any of these events. Yeah, and you're pissed off about that. What a hell of my, oh, here it is. I knew I'd find it. I got a big pile man. I got a pile. Can I take his thermometer read this? Yes, I can. It's not long. Sure. So if Bill Moyers writes, Patriotism in the flag. He says, I put the flag in my lapel tonight. First time. Until now, I haven't thought it necessary to display a little metallic icon of patriotism for everyone to see. It was enough to vote pay my taxes. Perform my civic duty. Speak my mind. I do my best to raise our kids to be good Americans. Sometimes I would offer a small prayer of gratitude that I've been born in the country whose institutions sustained me, whose armed forces protected me, and whose ideals inspired me. I offered my hearts affections in return. It no more occurred to me to flaunt the flag in my chest than it did to pin my mother's picture of my lapel to prove her son's love. Mother knew where I stood so does my country. I even took a Valentine of my tax return to April 15. So what's this flag doing here? Well, I've put it on to take it back. The flags have been hijacked and turned into a logo, the trademark of a monopoly on patriotism. On those Sunday morning, Torchou is official test to fear a dorn with the flag as if it's the good housekeeping seal of approval. And during the state of the union, did you notice Bush and Cheney wearing the flag? How come? No administration's patriotism is ever endowed only its policies. And the flag be stores no immunity from error. When I see flags spreading on official appeals, I think of the time in China when I saw my little red book on every official's desk, I'm the president and on red. But more galling than anything, or all these moralistic ideologues in Washington, sporting the flag in their lapels by writing books and writing websites and publishing magazines attacking the centers as an American. There are people whose order for work grows disproportionately to their distance from the fighting. There are in the same league as those forms of corporate lobbyists, wearing flags and prowling capital hill for tax breaks, even as they call for more spending on war. So I put this on as a modest ripostomend with flags in their lapels who shoot missiles from the safety of Washington think tanks, or argue that sacrifices good as long as they don't have to make it, or prove a bribe in governments to join the coalition of the willing after they first dashed the cash. I put it on to remind myself that not every paper thinks we should do the people of Baghdad would have been lawed and did do us. The flag belongs to the country, not to the government, and reminds me that it's not an American to think that war is set in self-defense is a failure of moral imagination, political, or a democratic skill. Come to think of it, standing up to your government can mean standing up for your country. This is Bill Moore. Pretty good column, huh? Nice one, I believe. Great, I'm going to go buy a pin. Yeah, and stick it. Yeah, and don't forget, it's not weapons and mass destruction, no matter what they destroy. Now it's regime change, baby. Yeah, we just had to change a heart. Right midstream. A regime change apart? Yeah, it's right. A regime change a heart. What a joke. Good column. Like I said, don't know if people are winning these bedtime stories on our website. We're in Georgia, Carlisals, a pretty pissed off about it. That was straight. You should see him. No, seriously, he's not happy about it because it takes a lot of work for us to, you know, I got to find him and he's got a stick him. He's got a dittal around him, make sure we get all the right ones on there and put it on an every enter. How about that one? We head over the wicked about that gigantic penis at Harvard. That was great. Well, that cute. Thanks a lot, Lynn. I was from Los Angeles. In fact, that was a story that she had on there a few days ago and for some reason, the link cuts grew up and you couldn't find it. And so she headed on there again the other days. And so, you know, you know, me, I see a penis and why I jump. And that was one big as penis. It was a snow penis. And it was a big flap on a Harvard University campus about the snow penis. And should we take it down? Is it sexist? Yeah, I looked like a nice penis to me. I mean, but why no, you know, I've seen a couple. Like Robert Blake would say, I don't want to say that. Five, six, seven. I have a bit of way to Robert Blake thing is going to be on again a little while. I just mentioned that in passing for those people who are wanting to hear the Marlins in the dog your game. Don't forget Hank will be on after the ballgame. So I stick around for Hank. And check back what is later when we have something I need might want to hear like the Humper from Shulas. After Marlins and Doggers, the exhibition is baseball. Oh, God, is that going to be big? Here's the call from Ilamarana. Hello. That's everyone new. Yes, sir. I'm about to have John Henry. Donald Rocha and so, versus. One out of three ain't bad. I thought they got no more here on you. Okay, thank you. I think John Henry's okay. Joe Gershten and me out of sight out of mind. By the way, we're taking care of the Marcadies. Joe, I haven't no fear. What was the big deal about him? So, you know, crack or, you know, whatever. Yeah, same old stuff. And he took off, you know, took off. Let the all is crap behind. Everybody does that sooner later. But John Henry is a good one. I think, you know, out of sight out of mind, but I think he was certainly despised in revive. I must be crazy. I must be sure. I hope I forget that great line over and over again. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. I don't forget after this next little interlude here. We're going to get the taking a dump, jump high in your buddy Greg. I'm toasted note on my head. In stereo. Less than an hour away from Marlin's baseball. And the pressure is building its mounting man. I feel like one of those real Canadian Mounties. And it is cold out there, you know. So you said, well, I don't know. It looks nice to me. Oh, it's all the way up to minus 21. Oh. Oh. Oh. Woo. And then just out of nowhere. Just this one bizarre day. It's just a quick froth that's coming through. Thank God. It's quick. And that's it. Just the one day that the panthers in murmur and jugs and all those people aside to show up. Sorry, man. Which means I can't buy lunch here for them today. We even did it last night. Just too cold to go out. You know what I'm saying? That's what he said. Especially after you heard I don't want to go to Ruth Chris. I mean, if you just had a stroke to which school would you want to go to with Chris? Now, an artery clogging meal? Yeah. I don't think so. Yeah, if I was paying for it, I'm sure you would. You know, for years speaking of good health. I've been telling about the health benefits of all the homemade which you'll be pleased to on poppin my post every day now. All the men and I'll keep telling you because the stuff really works. All the men soft yels contain pharmaceutical grade olive oil. I'm not just ordinary olive oil that you buy in a bottle somewhere. This is super concentrated and loaded with health benefits. All the way, every day can up reduce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol. Plus there are 14 different oleomate formulas for you to choose from. Each one combines the best olive oil on a planet with vitamins, minerals, and herbs to support specific health needs from bones to blood pressure, to your immune system. Just pick out the formulas that are right for you and what you need. And now there are three new oleomate formulas when to help you sleep. Want to help you control your weight and cook you 10. By the way, speaking of controlling your weight did we ever hear from the beast? Nope. Asso. You'll find all you made at publics, records, wall greens, whole food markets, and everyone's who don't know, or order it online at oliumatamerica.com. For more information about that products and what they can do for you and where you can stick them. Call them toll free, 1-8-6-6 oleomate. And again, thanks to my good piezons and oleomate for shipping me a bunch of it up here. That's 1-8-6-6-6-5-366-33 get your oleomate and start popping it in your push today. Set a home-lancet security top-bridge advising you to put duct tape on your radio when I raised the morning color to pink for the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour. Do you and there? Yeah. Hi, Pauy. How's making? That's your Greg? Why yes! Dapper is always in the finest of menswear. I hope you don't mind if I borrow the adjacent stuff. What are you doing in the staff, Charlie? Oh, I was in the area. No time to waste, you know. So, let's do high-boy. I'm fat. Yeah, yeah. Are we really up for sailgrain? Say how about them, Dolphin? Yeah. I guess it's true what they say. Yeah, you watch that. Do you and do do doesn't stink why, of course. Always a delightful aromatic bouquet with the freshness of morning dew. Each drop slides with cigar cutter perfection to the shape of a hership's tooth. Yeah. Yeah, you know, in that moment, this is doing a wonderful job. I know you think that forced Brooklynese makes them sound so so knowledgeable. What did you say? Well, you gotta go. And there it is, another one of those quick endings I love those. Yeah. From O2, to Minnesota's past note at 560 WCM, the Marlins in the Dodgers 1250. Exhibition is baseball. It's coming. But the elected are not. Hey, Goldberg from Schuels at 4. Should Copant of Reboot 7. Panthers at the Maple Leafs of the Air Canada Center here tonight 730. And he came after the hockey game, Joe and Mark overnight. And that's it. And it's, uh, what is I think minus 21? It's Toasty, baby. Who was, is or was the most despised public figure in Stoffloader history is our poll today. Another poll to piss that guy off, which we do every day and assure we've been doing that for what about 100 years? At least. OJ Simpson, 148, you can't touch a man. H Wayne High Pingu is given it his best 100. More Howard David, they surprisingly strong third with 48. Alex, and when you look at the list of people at his beating out, that's what makes it very impressive. Alex Pingu per can you 40? Joe Carreroio 36. Jan Arena 30. Nick de Varrot 24. Rick Sanchez moving up the list 17. He's climbing it. Eliana Ross late and also doing the same. You know, it's how she's right on Rick Sanchez. He's got a nose in it 13 for really Anna Rosanna Dana. Well, Martin is nine. If you're swars, but you know, so many Julios are on this list. Yeah. Just dawn on me. In fact, you were talking about the top three and the, uh, whatever was about the sports. Right. If you go beyond that, you got Tonellis Carroyo Navarro Sanchez, uh, Eliana, uh, is realm art of it all the part of it. It's kind of so fulfilling. You can't discuss politicians without discussing all Julios. I've Dr. James Kennedy five of the Coral Ridge Presbyterian hateful church. Can't Jenny's got five now. It's about time. My or Lansky three. They don't like to vote for the Jews. Oh, it's been like the era of dirty linen. Or clean it. Alberto San Pedro two sees your odious two. Jose can suck a one. Ellis Rubin one. Now let's see. Is today the day that the house is burning down and on passions. That's a rhetorical question. Oh, and Louise, and that's right. I forgot because I don't want to win for anybody, but I will anyway in Louise and Sheridan get out. And at the end, they discover Beth is out there. Hey, Beth, what are you doing out here, huh? With all that gas and that match? Look, it's a little suspicious to us. And I'll see you. One of the shows getting really intense. That guiding blade. Hmm. Oh my god, it's getting heavy duty. And I think it's, uh, Tonell. I think Tonell. He's the one that grabbed the bomb from that studio and saved Reaver and everybody else. He's trying to play the hero now. I think Tonell done it. Because how else do you know the bomb was in that thing he grabbed and they ran out and threw it down the stairs, huh? Don't you agree? Oh, absolutely. Whatever you said. I think you only just like. I'm talking one thing you'd like to add in a bruise there. See, I can't do that. Even though you're always giving me crap for the stuff I watched. But when I see a hot person no matter what Deli or animal vegetable or mineral, I know it. I can, I can feel it. I can so smell it. She's hot. She is hot. And no, except for that one guy, Mike, nobody even knows who the bomb talking about. You better find out before it's too late before she gets old and ugly. I don't think that'll happen at any time. So she looks like she's going to age very gracefully, you know? Good. Five, five, six, seven, five, six, seven, five, six, eight, five, six, six, six, six, six, six on a AT&T line. Here's the call from beautiful Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I care about the baseball game. I'm going to be listening. You care about what? The baseball game. Yeah. I want to listen to it so that you ask if anybody's listening. I'm going to be listening. How old are you, sir? How old am I? Yeah. I am 60. Come on, give me an honest answer. That's how old are you? No, you're not. When I wanted to taste the long for you to come up with the answer, he forgot. Yeah, get out of here. He's 60 like Mo is 60, okay? He's interested in the baseball game. He's 110 if he's at age. Another one of those old baseball codgers that we got out there. No wonder the stage didn't have any young audience anymore. God, baseball is an old conqueror sport now, and then of course people they drag their kids along with the games of Triano. Forget about it. All those little kids they want to go to a hockey game in a band of football games. They don't give a flying crap about baseball anymore. Especially after what's happening this town. He's waiting to listen to it. There you go. There's one for your clearance. Mark that down on your sheet. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Happy 20, 7. Thank you. Listen, I've been listening to you. It's probably since like 89 to 90, and moved away. I've been listening anyway. From the IA Michigan on the phone and then on the internet. Now I'm back in South Florida. I'm leaving again to get away from this place. Good. Excellent choice. Don't make the mistake you come and back again. And now I've been looking for a long time. Maybe you could help me out. I heard a bit at the end of your show something about you cannot play something to do with condolese or rice or whatever. That's the first time I've ever heard anything. Like were you said, hey, I can't do that because of something. That's right. Can't play it. Can't play it. I've never you play some great stuff. And all of a sudden, I mean, can you, I don't know. Can you tell me, tell us why or you just you just got your hands flat or what? Can't play it. Management man can't play it. They've caved in. They've caved under. That's the first time I've. It must be because we have a Republican super president. That's that. Now you go. There you are. Right with the right wingers fox news. Right wing. I'm packing my bags and I'm going back to the position state that way when the government takes on at least I know the boys with the guns. Well, there you go. The government taking me in. They can't go to Toronto and say hello someday. And you guys have a great another 27 years at home. I'll see you Jackson harness raceway man. I got you. Okay. How about northfield downs? Now what are you going to say? By the way, Brad Kramer wins with a 30 to one trial last night. 24 to one shot at the Windsor. I just mentioned that in case that Rich is listening. Winds by six likes 23 to one. Nice gone Brad. We still I would have had it. We still I would have won those accounts. Wouldn't that be great to have on those TV accounts where you can watch the races on the racing network? Which I do have the racing network but I'm not bitten. Man, can you imagine how much I could lose in a week? 560. 560. 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Mark McDonald. Can't miss my smart show. Mark McDonald or Jim McDonald. What do you think? Who? Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, hey. Now how's it going? Okay. How about I have the anniversary? Sorry about the dog and I hope I covered everything right now. Yeah. Well, radio. Don't forget about my cold and my strokes. Throw ahead. Okay. Okay. I can't stand caught in it. These are not clear. Channel radio. Yeah, but he does the show from Tampa. Oh, well, he's down here. Florida. He's down here in Boston. Don't be a big piece. But he's trying to circle it up first. He's a Tampa person. He's a Tampa. He's a bushwanna be clone. I mean, a rush. Yeah, with both of them. Yeah, where's John a B? Take out his own posters on all over the freeway. Yeah. And I like this he's down here. Yeah, he's got 75 billboards. I got one that's sure. That's sure with 75 other ads. I remember the key time. There were two seconds. I haven't seen one yet. And you want to make a special exception. I'm putting him on. Yeah. Got the button. Half full. Big time. Okay. Okay. And nice day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 6, 6, the only AT&T. I want to put him on. He's not a stop for a public figure. The tampon. He's a tampon person. And you know what we say about that. Small potato is number one. And number two, we always say. Yeah. And we mean it. All the way. I did pick the bus to win a Super Bowl. I was right. They like that. And that's where he's not there today. Do you know that he doesn't even, I mean, like 27 years. I don't want to be picking on him on the day that he's not there. Maybe he'll remember tomorrow. Do you think he acknowledged on Friday that was my 27th anniversary? I don't know. No, no, seriously. Do you think that it was one word of mention about it? Good Hank. I don't know because I'm out. I don't just sit here listening to the rest of the radio station. No, no. We hear a couple of minutes after after I'm done. What else do you have to do? That's it. I think about side and freeze. No, no, seriously. I was depressed. Look at all the nice people. People that don't even work on this radio station. Like my close good friend Rick Shaw, who made a nice, very emotional call Friday, which I appreciated very, very much. Rick. Mr. Suds Coleman. Right. People are sponsors of ours. I mean, of course, just ordinary pedestrian listeners out there. And people wanted to suck around a little bit. What's wrong with that? But on your own radio station, did Mo wish me happy 27th anniversary? Good. Good, because I'd consider the source. Might be a little bit suspect like his hairpiece. But when a mad dog just see that's another thing. Like I said, there's no carryover like they used to be. You don't need that Hank to bet. There's not a lot of that anymore. You don't have that QM family anymore. We even used to have a little bit of that with the first team. Remember, right? Sure. Would you know what's his name and the Jeff? What's his name? He's the old road. Oh, no, seriously. But there's no more that airB buddy is an island now. So when you sit in airclarence with your little grabs, your little charts, and you enmuffs it in there, pretend you got some authority, which you don't. Try to figure out what's institution we're going to send Greg to. And whether we should put the rubber ball as well or not. Stop and think about that. But the difference between the way it used to be and the way it is now, where every show was like an island under itself. I just, you know, just a little bit disappointed in the mad dog, you know? Don't you think? Of course, maybe he said something. He didn't put a tree anything. He said nothing. How do you know? He said nothing. And then he starts in with a Britney stuff and a Coke on the toilet seat. And then you want to take the four because Jim Sarnies afraid to take a little shot of the mad dog. Not that he deserved to have one. But he's afraid to write that. Stick to the sports or returning to the dial. He takes a shot of a couple of punks. And I tell you, what a, what a perfect market that is. Look at the Tom, Jika and Jim Sarnie. You realize the Tom, Jika hasn't written anything about local TV and radio in about 14 years now, right? Since the do-off shop piece. Every single day when I go to the Sun Sentinel website, that's the first thing I check. To see if he's got a column about anything at all local. Oh, well, you know, Neil's out of touch. My, my, yeah, right. Touch this down. Touch your balls. But covers a lot of territory. At least, least mole covered his up. Anyway. Fulvin is passed known at five 60 WKM, you know, who did not cover up his ball spot? Oh, the beast. He's going to have a ball spot from head to toe if we don't hear from him. Find out what those going on. Because he's our poster child for balance for life. Balance for life has changed his life. We've kept him alive. I think I hope. Is he still alive? I think so. I don't want to do. Yeah, I want truth and advertising around his commercial. I don't want to be like saying, hey, the beast. We kept him alive. We lost him a lot of weight over 50 pounds. And then find out that he choked on a like a chicken bone over the weekend or something. Balance for life works for it because it takes away all the guess work from losing weight. You don't have to figure out anything. No cooking. No shopping, no cleaning, no calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting. No worries. Just rate quick, redellicious results. And I say delicious because they don't have any frozen food. There's no prepackaged food. Everything is fresh and delicious with the finest ingredients. You'll be amazed at when you see in the little black sack. You'll be shocked. And plenty of food to keep you full all day long till you won't be starving on this program. Three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks in a deliver right here, door by 6am every day. To your house, to your work wherever you're hanging out to the track. Atkins even writes about the benefits of the glycemic index is a useful tool for selecting foods and how eating three to four full meals a day is essential for keeping your blood sugar steady and it is. So all the way around balance for life is the smart way to do it. The only choice you have to make is between two alternatives for each meal every day that's around a program. So I'll menu you check out what you like and there it is in your little black sack. So quit being out of shape and looking crappy and get your health back to by losing that weight. If you've tried all the others and failed this is the thing it's going to work for you. Balance for life. Call on at 9-5-4-5-6-832-29 and they'll be happy to answer all your questions about what it's all about. 9-5-4-5-6-832-29 are visit their website at balanceforlife.com. 5-5-6-9-6-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9 9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9 5-6-9-9-7-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9- U-S-9-9-9-4-4-S-9-9-9-9-1-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-6-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-7-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-8-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9 You almost let me forget about this very important article by N.O.O. I wasn't gonna let you hear what you said today. Yeah you were. Um. Then you're a question mark music fans, the crylack of a variety in local radio. No Schmidt. Rob Winis hit the road on a recent Saturday to bask in a picture postcard day on the intercostal waterway with a friend. You know Rob, don't you? Oh yeah, good friend of mine. Never heard of him. He punched his car audio system hit scan and his radio hopscotch to its way up the dial. Winis realized something there was absolutely nothing he wanted to hear. Certainly it was on FM. All the songs Saturday too. Like I said it could be an AMR FM. My choice and way to do is to waste a music. My choice of music was Tito Point. They got Brooks and Metallica. He recalls of what he was looking for on the dial in the vein. That's when I said to myself, you know this music just blows. That's when I started thinking about getting satellite radio. They have these amazing things Rob. They're called CDs. Welcome to Life in Sound Floater where the radio offers less variety than just about any other region of its side. Did you hear that line? Let me see again. Welcome to Life in Sound Floater where the radio offers less variety than just about any other region of its size. Oh, hey. Looking for local news by a newspaper. Want to hear rock and esponial load up the CD player. Crayway AAA adult album alternative outlet like those never cities that play such new talked about artist as cool play in origins in John Mayer before they break through and is currently big on David Gray, Beck Dave Matthews and Susan Tideshi, Axe Harda, find on the radio here, get a moving band. And if you have a desire to hear classical music on FM, well, tough tubas. How about alternative country, progressive alternative hip hop or Hindu chance at the dance beats? You're kidding, right? Miami's 36 English language and 17 Spanish language stations have each carved out their little piece of the pie, which generally narrow playlists and their owners are perfectly happy about it. I give up because the owners are basically the same two or three companies. Now, here comes that really ugly obnoxious line. If you're 44 years old and you don't like hip hop, the beat WMIB 103.5, we don't care us as Rob Roberts that are programming for soft flow to stations in the team channel chain, which also includes new stock WIODs, smooth love of jazz, love of the four, contemporary hit radio while 100 tacit rock big 106, Zeta and Fox Sports. I understand that every station is trying to get its target audience what it wants. Right. Which is why a bunch of those stations have got numbers that you couldn't find with a guy damn telescope. God, if there were ever a lucrative target, it's winners, a 33 year old book attorney, with radio nationwide hyper focused on the 25 to 54 year old listener, conventional wisdom suggests that a market is biggest subflota would have multiple stations competing for winners' ears. And Miami, there's just one to satisfy his rock craving, Zeta. Do you call that rock? No. They must have left the first C-off and Arizona's in crock, a crock, a crat. Winness is lucky enough to be also able to listen to the buzz, 103.1, a modern rock station in West Palm Beach, but he doesn't like it much. In fact, when it's actually preferred to plan it, which often a different variety of modern rockets out of Palm Beach County, until Fair Channel replaced in January with the Palm Beach version of Lund 94. You're in Miami, you have one rock station, when his women's who's no fan of Zeta either, find me good music to tap as a fisting a music one, listen to a step above the billboard chart charted just isn't there. And it goes on to say travel to Boston, rockers heard on no less than eight stations there, Phoenix butt line, you know, one of the reasons for that? Why? Because Boston is a young market, they got all those colleges, universities, and schools, etc. And they got mostly people under the age of 100. I say, as opposed to South Florida, which has mostly people over the age of 100, which is why they can't find the demographics anymore, and the numbers are so screwed up, completely, and getting worse every time. Phoenix has five stations to please rock fans, take a run around the dial in the radio stations just seem better, more variety, different music, why they're not South Florida, and this clown Adam Jacobson says there's no clear answer. How about third channel? That's the answer. One reason there are fewer non-commercial outlets, those stations on the left side of the FM dial that are off and run by local university, and specialized at Ventura's program. He must be talking about like KPS. I see. And I'll be just mention it though, he hasn't discovered them yet. And those that do this, such as WLRNFM or WDNA FM, have a narrower programming range in some of their counterparts elsewhere, like Los Angeles as well known NPR outlet, KCRWFM. Perhaps a bigger reason, now we're starting to get warm, perhaps a bigger reason why South Florida's radio dial seems so constricted is the rapid consolidation of the radio industry that started 70 years ago. When the FCC struck down limits and how many stations could be owned in one market by one company, as a result, cheap channel now operates 15 radio stations in South Florida. Oh, oh, oh, oh. This means each station's playlist in a market is kept tightly focused, so the stations don't stuff any other musical toes, such was the case in Miami with Kairing to Rocklist News Robert says. One of the things with radio is that we really get up in a morning try to get people what they want. He says, right, that's the whole concept of radio. One of the things we tried to do with Rock and Miami is moves data away from the classic Rock Station Big 106. We said, let's serve two separate causes, data plays new rock and starts with their van. So to make a long story short, they screwed them both up like I and Z and I OD. They screwed them both up. Use suck, okay, Mr. Roberts, whatever your name is. Robin Roberts. What is his name? Robert Roberts. I was post. Robin Roberts. How does that guy and magic programs that off a musical dose his name? I don't know. Bob, Bob and we've something like that. So to make a long story short radio on South Florida sucks, we ought to have a 90 share. There's nobody doing anything different. There's nobody doing anything outrageous or interesting or anything off the wall. To say, mold cookie cutter crap. Airbie got the amstation. Except this one, of course. Limited hours. 560, 560, pound, 560. Here's a call from Hobbsown. Hello. Dale. Yes, sir. Back in Fort Lairdale, that's trying to clean it up and run off the spring breakers. Oh, Dan, what's with me, my lady? No Jeff Dan's a girl. Yeah, I mean, Tommy and Kathy will look a little black folks. He was in a closet, right? Right. Never heard how's Bill was in a closet and he was on the outside. Exactly. Yeah, small potatoes. Yep. Okay, thank no, his name actually was Doug Dan's a girl. Now that I think about it. Doug, right? Doug, I said it. You were talking. I'm sorry. Doug Dan's a girl that was his name and what happens is to make he was on the list with everybody all in town and the Kathy or husband's name was Jeff. Right? And he was on the inside of the closet watching. He was having a good time. Whatever happened to Kathy, she's still making the movies as far as I think. I can't have an orgasm just driving down I-95. Ow! She was the best, my good post personal friend, Kathy Willard. Hey, Neil, it's true. I can't have an orgasm just driving down I-95. But only if you're driving beside. Yeah, right, pasty bitch. Well, I tell you, she's really, some people, some women are like models. She's like a model. I can't have a pleasure. Oh, man, nasty. Anyway, 26 past known at 5. 60, I guess Doug Dan's a girl. He was a religious crusader and he was on the list. Oh, I forgot all about that. And I shouldn't have because they just had a TV thing on it and I too long go on a biography channel. About South Florida and about spring break and about how Doug Dan's a girl was in her. He was crusading, year by just spring break and all his disgusting young punks who were doing all those sexual things and drinking. All of that sin. I mean, he's going over to Kathy Willett's house and banging at bitch while her husband is watching for her goddamn broom closet. Huh? Nice, nice going Doug. You scumbag, you hypocrite, you phony baloney, you. Think he cares? No. 26 past known at 5. 60, we're less than a half hour away from Marlins baseball. Oh, yeah. And only a little over half hour away from my lunch. Then, because I got food in here, you know? What do you want to be? 70, 80 degrees below. So you don't have to go out, slap it around about groceries and stuff like that. It's a damn good thing you're got some good crap in here. Hey, guys, size makes a big difference in your life and I'm successful. You are quite a devoted department labor computer professionals. All of them have got big ones. And we're talking of course about big fat impressive paychecks. According to the state of Florida computer careers are among the highest paid and the highest demand still. Past rank and up you achieve that new hot pain computer career in just four short months count them. And the trend got locations all over town for them count them. And Kendall Miami for the other own pepper pines and they've got day evening and weekend schedules. So no longer is there any excuse to say in a crappy dead end job working for some schmuck that keeps pick and see that of his head. Pick up the food and call fast train toll free. One, eight six six fast train. That's one eight six six fast train. They got full time job placement and guaranteed financing to call fast train or check them out of the web. If you're like a fast train dot com. Six six fast train. Now you two can have a big impressive paychecks. My life and local six is for three or five six. Where you can weigh them. But stop at the next. I only got to work with the car for the truck. But it doesn't matter if you decide. But the road she wasn't alone. And the shots. No surprise. The one here is. Maybe. Maybe. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just a joke. I don't know. Just a joke. Just a joke. I don't know. Just a joke. I don't know. He's number four. And fall in way behind Moa to hear that enough to good Joe. Joe is trail and mole and I'll tell you another thing about our pull. That's very disturbing to me. Set. I need to branch Larry King Peter Bolger Bob Cuncid John Henry. The late editions on there. Do you think they're on there? No. I've got on there. Who's fault is that Carlos? It might be mine might be his might be Eric somebody over there on that. It's not on this end. I'll tell you that. Not that we don't make many many mistakes here. Like showing up every day. But I'll tell you though among those five. Tony of votes waiting in there. Need a Bryant Larry King Pete Bolger Bob Cunc and John Henry. I'm looking on here to see how Bob Cunc is doing. No matter how you spell it or pronounce it. No votes. Why? Because he's not on there. I'm sure there'll be right on there. 559 votes and it's a two-way battle. OJ 162 the most despise public figure in South Florida history. And history, OJ. H Wayne High Pingo 112. Moa Howard David at 59 of very, very surprisingly strong third play showing. You'll kind of know Alex Pingo Picania tied at 42 and Jan. We know 32 and on down from there. How's Rick Sanchez doing? He's moving up with 18. Kind of slow. Yeah. Just like our phones right now. All of a sudden what happened? Err. You want to know what it is? I give up. Remind me one thing. Don't let me ever again until we get right up on the break of it. Mitch and Marlon's baseball coming all over. That's right. Every year this happens. All I have to do is even just breathe it. That we got Marlon's baseball coming out. It's like an invitation for people as it gets closer to it game time. Okay. Well, we got to get out of here now. They don't want to be touched by it. They don't want to know from it. They don't want to take the chance. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the AT&T. But you know what it is? Why we got to have it because it's sports. There you go. Sports. Here's the call from Lake Worth. Hello. Hey, Neil. Good afternoon. Yes, sir. We're talking about the Marlon's. They had a big thing on their spring break opener up here at Roger Dean Stadium. 2200 people showed up. All right. Yeah. It's going to be another one of those. You're loaded now. Have they announced how many season tickets they sold? I am in red now. They got a bunch of red wiggas. They made that big signing into big announcement. They said, oh, well, you know, people are really excited. We've got like seven more season ticket orders or something silly. Like that. It's a pretty interesting number. And they don't want to tell you because the number is so low. It's embarrassing. And it is. Anyways, I wanted to wish you first of all happy bullied anniversary. I didn't get a chance to call you. Thank you. And sorry about little tiny. I'm sure a dry concept of business is probably all 50% with his. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. You're not telling your what, man. You probably you should own half of that company now. There's as much as you've touted them over the years. I forgot. You know, I'm surprised you didn't put Mickey Eris in on your list. Yeah, we did. You did. Okay, right about it. I didn't hear his name. We mentioned him. Now that you mentioned that, let me take a look. Yeah, there he is. He's got five votes. Okay. At a point. But he's small potatoes compared to Wayne. That's, you know, I'll tell you what. I mean, you've talked for him. I've talked about him for years. And I'll tell you what, man. Everything is that guy touched in this town. I mean, just it's just trying to crap. It's, it turned the gold for him and crap for the public. That's the thing that's going to ruin everybody off. I mean, he came in. He came to town. You know, he was like, you know, people are like, wow, he's coming in. He's fine. He's often's. And it's, you know, and then eventually everything that he touched, he lined his pockets. Everybody lost out the public lost. And, you know, I just made it a point to stay as far away as possible from anything that that man owns. Yeah. Hey, one thing I wanted to ask you with all that's going on with the war and so on and so forth. Have you? And I know you read a lot. I read a lot. I started reading, morning, doubt, and you are right. She uses a lot of words in there. I don't know what the hell we've been. Yeah, but she's great. I read her article this morning. I love up here in Palm Beach. So I do get the Palm Beach paper, which I do enjoy. But I have not read or heard or seen anything for at least a minimum of two months about Dick Cheney. Did I miss something? About Dick. Have you seen him on the news? Have you seen him in print? Have you seen him? Have you heard him? Have you seen anything or heard of him in the last two months? Not one word. I haven't seen Dick. Now I haven't seen Dick. And I was rude to him. He's curious as to what was up with him. He's probably probably got that big hose hooked up to his pacemaker up to the world of thing over there. I'm sorry, so you see him on there once in a great while. You'll see him, but he's maintaining a little profile for next time. I have to stick his ass and hiding again. I was wondering if he was so sick because it was rumored that when it comes re-election time he's not going to be on the ticket with the boat. Yeah. With Bozo. Well, the good news to be when it comes re-election time, neither one of them be on it. That would be the best news. Good. I love you and you stay warm. Okay, thanks. Thanks. The goal is to go tonight. Baby Panthers and a Maple Leafs tonight. Bush X Macanad. Did you see this by Marine Dowd? No. Well, I'm not going to read it. Like he says too many big words. But she's great. It's just that she writes columns in New York Times and of course there are a few intellectuals. And a lot of pseudo intellectuals who read it. And then the rest of us slums who don't understand the words. That's okay. Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, Neil. I got a couple of comments. Yes. First, I just want to say watching a local news and everything that Joe Rose, this guy he's just pondressed man. He gets, as you would say, more and more pondressed every every day. Yeah. That's my first comment. I like to leave me. My second comment is more of a question. When it comes to all this war that's about to happen and everything. All this war you have. One thing that has your colon, pali. Five, six, seven, five, six. You must have been Jeff Heiznabre, you know what? Don't you think? No, he was waving the white flag, remember? Like I said, they never waved the white flag. Okay. If you think any of those people will ever go away, you're in a dream world. North Miami Beach. Hello. Let's go to a con sucks. Okay. Thanks for the bullet. And that was Woody. Yeah. Didn't hear what he said. But he said, let's go to a con. Oh, wow. What a giveaway. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Neo. Yes. Yeah. Just out of name for your listener. How about the famous or infamous Joe Gerson? No thanks. Already been there done that. No thanks. It was the same the first time. No thanks. Small potatoes. Let me say again, who is or was the most despised public figure in South Florida history? Joe Gerson? The most despised. I bet you if we went out in the sweet quarter right now. I was doing in 441. Right. 100 people's. You asked 100 folks went by who that was Joe Gerson? There will be 20 of them know who you're talking about. Right. Exactly. That would be the answer. We're talking about the most despised. They don't understand the magnitude. They don't listen to the question. They get a little bit of the drift of it. And then like, oh, well, here's my 85 favorite movies of all time. Here's the 45 best actresses. Here's the 72 best looking people. I mean, it kills him good time that way. Which we're all. That's what we're here for quite frankly. You know what I think about the billboard. The more I think about that, the more rest there and the piss me off. With part of it. Because all the time that Muff was making a big deal about, wow, see, I didn't realize that there was this pressure run and to get to billboards by a certain date. Because that wasn't aware of all the other legal crap that was going on behind my back. Which I knew nothing about. Although now that I see it, I'm all for it. As sad as it is that you have to do that. But in the meantime, so we've got one person saw one billboard, my billboard. That's a time share with like four other things on the same billboard. They keep changing. And that's it. That's it. You know what I'm thinking? What are you thinking? I'm thinking that ain't gonna cut it. My life and love. This is for 205. 205. 205. 205. 205. To Fudge back in? 560. W. Q.A. Of Breezans. Arlen's baseball. Wait. Don't touch that dial. No, please. Please. No, sure. It's not what you would seem. I won't you listen anyway. Please. Come on. We have a multimillion dollar obligation abroad, cast these games. Whether you like it or not. Even if a dozen or so cubids may show up on occasion. He's still with like a new stadium. Anyway, here's the Marlin. That's all for Neil today. The Marlin's after play. I'm sure Neil doesn't find going home. No. Now two or three sport modes. And here a team that blows. And rest of us with life. Turn off the radio. It's our face. It's boring and it's taking part in the face. It's small. And such a goddamn pity. Design for those who don't like to think. And get excited from recock the sinks. It's our face, call. No one can't stop. Or get the entertainment. The Marlin want their payments. Attractual agreement must be met. Despite the ratings given. They have to pay them in. And hopefully time that audience and brains are dead. It's our day's fall. It's time to make a sandwich. Our day's fall. I'd rather hear your men in. Exciting as the sound of drying paint. Design for those with trouble getting late. It's our day's fall. Life was asshole smuggled. You want to smile open in the rosé. You can finish fun and add in this. It's our day's fall. How would it be? It's fun and a little trickle off the third baseline. A very good one. Take the final third baseman. Spend things in on the first 18. I'm a member of the band. How old are you? I'm 26. I'm 26. I'm a lady in Miami. Hello. Yes, ma'am. First of all, congratulations for your anniversary. Thank you. I love your program. I hear you every day. And you helped me through the day. Thank you. I'm sorry, but your dog died. And that's a bit that you have today. It's wonderful. I really like it. Did you both? I'm going to. I'm going to. But it takes a long time to get you. I thought I'd call you first and then I vote. Okay. And I heard on the day and of the my car, they have forbidden you to play the condolences. That is correct. I can. Wow. That is incredible. Welcome to Nazi Germany. That's right. Sensorship is alive and well. And how come when you when you had the joke or role and all the other ones? Nobody complains. I mean, it's what the day philosophy sense of humor or what exactly. Okay. And whoever said they're right wing of fanatics had a sense of humor. Yeah, I guess not. Yeah. Okay. Got a run. Thank you very much for taking my call. And thank you for making your call. Bye bye. Bye bye. You're Jay. I'm a little bit. And this is great intro to Marlon's baseball every time. Sure. Don't forget, don't ever let me again promote the fact that we got a Marlon game come up. Bad programming move on my part. I apologize. See, I lost the five public figure with Scott Foda. History so far. Oh, Jay Simpson, 171. H Wayne, high ping, the 129. Mohal or David at 62. Yoca Royo 48. Alice Pinka, Pagania 43. Everybody else small haters. Don't forget, thanks after the game. Hands are going to leave the LITC C. Move, Gellie, and the bad hair piece tomorrow morning. Yes, I think my heart is capable for that. And it's all the more fun. Take me to the TV. Go get it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. Go get it. I'll do it. I'll do it. Go get it. Go get it. Go get it. You be telling. Go get it. Go get it. Go get it. You be telling. Roll. Go get it. What was your trip, Jim? Hey! You won't let it get to keep that. Hey! What was the easy way to play? Ready, go get it. And put this next button. Deep. James the button starts. One, two, go. Deep. And you find the way to talk. That's fun. Down, out, it's back. You know what? That's deep. That's dope. You be telling. Yeah. Yeah. You be telling. You be telling. Yeah. You be telling it. You be telling. Yeah. You get it. You be telling. Up like thing. Do It's time to get it on!