You have to be stoppersons to act up everyone. You might mention my name's Rice Master Gary. C— Ah! He is big deal business had two billion siete of moly that's what I'm gonna say! You're making more! No tricks. Oh, no! I don't think that's true! This is true! I know 3 and 5, 6, you WDQ, I'm nobody musselsausd you, they. Yeah, sure, all the time. Oh, Brad, it's an email, Brad, it's a fight, it's a fight, Brad, it's an email. Anyway, happy Thursday too. We're just rolling along Stingham Song, the best we can under impossible circumstances. In fact, it's fast that you send me to start to show today as pretty shocking, which one? One from Joe, Joe Mama, yeah. So as I can't believe how we targeted WDQ in sportscasters are, I try but I can't listen to hear something new about anything other than football. I don't know, I'm always just talking about golf. Whoa, man, first he listed all the top players in the world, not a footballer at the rail, and I listed a bunch of people that most folks have ever heard of. Do you notice how in like Neil Rogers is next? Did you hear that? Too late now. Oh, baby. Oh, cool. Oh, wait. Don't be like going into somebody's house, you know, when like stabbing the death all their kids and saying, hey, that's order of pizza. What kind of pizza? Anyways, is it really believed in talking about why we seevers all spring and summer? Why me? Why do we seever, huh? I think we got a few people around a building like a wide one. It says, please kill these guys, even mad dogs, sign Joe. That's probably Joe Rose. Haha. Because if we kill all the sports guys, at least to go pick up a little something for him. That's a little hole, a little slot for the crazy dog. Speaking of crazy, but I've heard of these wackos out there had a lot of fun with our pool last couple of days, and that's good. Keep them off the street. Especially your people. Look at that. How do you know those are people? Get out of here. How do we know what's your people? It's every your people. It's never your people. It's not only else, you know? But it's my people. I admit it's my people. You know whether it's Bob Dylan, still whatever it is. I admit when it's my people. But your people are always in denial. That's somebody else. It's the weekend. Yeah, right. They get it. What's the one place in the world you've never been to? You want to visit the most Cuba Cuba 127 votes. Do we believe it? No, whatever you make. What do we know? I've actually at least four or five real votes and is pull out of 1100. Cuba 127. Amsterdam, 122. I have a feeling that was the real winner. Amsterdam. I want to go there. It's section drugs, drugs and sex. Uh huh. Don't eat no food. Not too much. We not too much of that wacky. We do get hungry and there we go to Mickey D's all the time. I put mayonnaise on. Yeah, just slide this mayonnaise on it and your food too. Next to them, 122 at Melbourne, Australia 105. That was really suspect. That was the crank vote before we put Cuba on there. So that had a see. I think we should have probably just put Australia. Right. Because Sydney is more popular than Melbourne, isn't it? I would think that they had that funky look in stadium. There were a lot of bags there in Sydney. New Zealand 99. That was Georgia's choice and I still have no idea why. And I don't want to know. Hawaii 63. Excellent choice. Hawaii. Beautiful, beautiful, pristine beaches. I'm talking about on the big island. The other island. On the other island. Wahoo, aloha, who there a lot of beautiful people. And of course because it's so congested and crowded, you can keep going. Oops. Oops. Excuse me. Oops. Yeah, that kind of deal. So he these 60, Florence, in the least 60, but ends. See this is in Rome 57. I realized that Rome was the late edition because they're going to say, how come Rome is non? And how come Rome is non-nergy, idiots? And Carlos and Eric pages continue to do whatever they want anyway. You know, they won't listen to me. Because Rome, I mean, seriously, if you have to choose between going to Florence or Rome, Italy, it's not a choice. No contrast. I mean, Florence is beautiful. Like I told I one color yesterday, but it's not Rome. Not even close. Rome is there more things to see in Rome in one day than you'll see in Florence if you spend two weeks there. I mean, there's plenty to see in Florence, especially if you like art or Jane or Ed. Peisus. But forget about that. If you could only go to one, believe me, Rome over Florence. Trust me what I tell you. Have we been there about 40 million times? Most of Eca 49 for those who like them young and hung and strung out. Prices right in Costa Rica, maybe that everybody says, oh, we go there to snorkeling and scuba diving and a beautiful nature. You know, anybody wants to go snorkeling and just go to the beach and have to go to Costa we could go snorkeling. Yep, those rainforests. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They go there because there's cheap sex miners. Prime 43. That was my choice only 42 others are going to progged. That's good. Let's not overcrowded. I hear it's great. I think it's 42 and probably the reason it didn't get more than that is most of our people by now have already been to Vegas. Whether they like it or not. 42 have never been there and they want to visit Vegas most. Stay at the MGM. That's my suggestion. I mean, there's a lot of newer places. But, well, I'm not going to start lecturing or we do whatever it had you want. They got a nice McDonald's there and they also have that water burger. Is that what the name of that choice is? Water burger? Don't know. Yeah, everybody's always telling us about that. Oh yeah, they got water burger there. See, if I go, if I'm going to go on a trip, I always want to check out who's got the best burgers. That's like people say, oh, I'm thinking to move it to Kalamazoo. They got any good top shows there. Oh, oh, oh. You remember those calls? We've only had my head all about two million those over the years. Yeah, I'm thinking to move it to Fairbanks, Alaska. They got any good talk radio there. Um. Egypt 36, the pyramids. Galapagos Island 35. I don't know. That can't be for real can it. I don't know. Maybe they're our Darwin fans Hong Kong 34. I've turned it. They want to see that to two can. If one can to can, if you're pan 28, more a bore a 20, it be the 19. See, I don't understand why we don't have more than 19 because the young and a beautiful people want to go there and we don't have the young or the beautiful they don't know from it. Mikano's Greece 18. What do you mean they don't know from a B-thak? Get out of here. Mikano's Greece, I probably know from 18, rhymes with queen. The tour your fall 16, Valencia Spain 14, India 12, Nepal 12. I have no idea I need to one of those why. Portugal 8, Maria 7, diarrhea couple, Capri, the Alica Pre 5 and Rangoon 4. Okay, that's it. I've almost 100 votes yesterday. I bet you at least 20 or 30 of those were real. You think? Maybe. And yesterday we did our office pool on the date for the start of the war. Now of course they got this new business about, wow, they're coming up with a compromise for his resolution and they're going to squeeze a few more days on this end. Mikano, why don't you just admit already? Let's just go ahead and do it. You know what? We're going to do it. They're going to do it anyway. Let's get it over with. I mean all this other stuff is a dog and pony show. The one where's the lotion. That's only to try to make Tony Blair a little bit safer politically which it's too way for that anyway. He's out. That's the whole reason. That's what this is all about. To try to cover his name, little bit white ass. The dye has been cast. Let's just get it over with already. Although of course the talking had no worse. They wanted to drag it on as long as they possibly can. So the British Daily Telegraph speaking of Brit says, troops told of Mart's 70 invasion. British troops had been told that invasion of Iraq would begin on March 17 with a huge bombing campaign being lost four days earlier. The Daily Express and London has reported now. Four days earlier would be March 13. Right? Right. I said yesterday my date that I picked was March 12 for the beginning of the hostilities. So, barring any further delays, I could be like a pretty damn close. You picked what they, the 14th, 14th were straggled right in the running and Carlos picked when the 17th. Wow. And Miguel Cors was way way behind. I missed the ground war. Oh, I see. Yeah, yeah. We didn't put an ask of the wrist next to it. Right. We put an ask. Right. Don't miss next to the little beiner boy. The British Telegraph quoted a senior government source who reported had direct access to the British military planning and Kuwait as saying that everything is being geared up toward a ground invasion beginning on Monday week. Meaning a week from this coming Monday was to be the 17. With the bombing starting for days earlier, which would be Lucky 13, Lucky for us, unlucky for them. We hope. British news papers also reported that Britain and the US were considering an amended new UN resolution giving Iraq a short time to disarm or face imminent military action. Or dropping what a bomb a ground day. So, there you go. What happened just a matter of time? All we can do is hope for the best. Right. Yeah, sure. Tum some high test and hope for the best. New Star Wars as celebrities face backlash. Quite an article in the front page yesterday, it's from a star that I've picked out. You realize that people like Martin Schienen and some of the other activists are being flooded? Yeah. Sludded with Randall? Right. Since Randan was hitman. Right. In fact, there's a new website that's been started by a woman who claims to be a liberal. Yeah, huh. Lori Bardsley. And her website is, citizens against celebrity pundits. She was a liberal Democrat. She told New York Times, but after a litany of superstar anti-war testimony, she said, I'd had enough. Per site was called as signatures for a petition in foreign celebrities to shut up about political issues. Has garnered thousands of names. I don't see. I mean, you can listen or not, listen. That's why I look at it. No, no. There's just a ton of time to speak up as anybody else. No. Shut up. Oh, I see. So here's the supposed liberal Democrat. Who tells New York Times she's got to do. What's she got nothing else to do? Do I guess? Other time on her hands. Here's our poll question today. After finding out that our lean Francis died, that's what inspired me to do this. And I know we've done this a long time ago, something very similar. And this is not politicians that don't be giving me JFK and FDR anybody with a lot of initials. What celebrity death during your lifetime had the greatest impact on you? I think we did this about three years ago. Something like that. Long time ago. And of course, I've been some people died in the meantime. What celebrity death during your lifetime had the greatest impact on you? And so far we have a very sure list of five Elvis, John Lennon, Kurt Cobain, Phil Hartman, or George Harrison. That's our list so far. Well, we like to make a mature list and it gives these people an opportunity to add to it. Don't it? Right. Problem at Saturday 9 at 5, 60 WQM happy Thursday 2. A war is coming any day now. So just relax. Just calm down. Well, let's you know. Let's you know what to start screaming. I have a feeling that George is going to be. Who will show the war starts. Huh? Just because I got the occasion coming up fairly soon and it's only by coincidence. But I think I'm going to be sitting back laughing up my sleep. While you're there, putting the audio from CNN and MSNBC on. Right. Let's put up your sleep. That's right. It's about time. Well, see, unlike what people are trying to say, you know, see, I was thinking about this last night. I was very depressed because you're right. The Gulf War I did bring us an enormous audience at IOD, but keep in mind that we had Chuck Meyer and Tom Hopkins. Jennifer Ram, a red jacket, you failed. We had where a news in talks. Stay's going to news department. We don't have a news wire. Let's listen to the first one. That's right. I have a news string. Yeah. Seriously, stop. I think about that. So people are going to turn into a sports station to find out what's going on with the war. I don't think so, Muff. Oh, Greg, what are we going to do? Greg, it's a fight. I'm 13 at 5.60WQM. How many times did you hear about a big opportunity? And you didn't act. You didn't reach out and grab it. And you just missed out. Well, now's one of those times. So don't sit back passively and forget about it. Because rarely doesn't opportunity to wrap your life, but this one should. 3.45% financing with financial groups is what I'm talking about. So call and find out about it at 1-800-940-0. How long would these low interest rates last? Who knows? But when you look back on history, probably not very long. So here's the window of opportunity that you would have fly right through with financial group and get yourself 3.45% financing and save yourself thousands and thousands of dollars. 3.45% financing. Call financial group 1-800-940-0. And the what will 3.45% financing, Nudia Muffley, Payme, maybe one day? Here are a couple examples for you. A couple of for instances. If you have a $200,000 loan, your payments are only $900 bucks a month. A 100,000 loan, your pay only $450 bucks a month. So don't wait. Get the ball rolling and do it now. Why do you think it about it? Call financial groups is no obligation. They'll be happy to answer all your questions and how this works. 1-800-940-0. 1-800-940-0. L-E-N-D. The renequal housing lender. Credit restrictions apply rates are submitted to change without notice 5.34 APR. The $500,000 loan. It's fake. You can buy every child. Have five six. Oh, W-U-A-L. Oh. Good bye, Chris Barley. You great big fatty. Always acting like a great big fat dump retard. And every filthy little baby. Two got more than a spade. His career could fake us. All he has left is that label TV show. He won't be making bloody movies no more. And you wanted to be just like John Bollucci. And have gone and these kids. You finally made it. But we're not too careful what you wish. You gave us lots of laughter on Saturday night. But you were way too young to die to commit badminton to a side. Good bye, Chris Barley. What did you eat to? Blow up like a big balloon eating like a fool. That would only bring you certain death. The farmers are upset. And all you left was some cable movies and a few tales of your parents. That will fill to make a immunity pool. And you wanted to be just like John Bollucci. And have gone and can these children. You finally made it. But we're not too careful what you wish. You're taking hold of piano. That's it. Why? Now you've reached the pizza. Is the sky. You got so fat. You die. If you hear what kind of Lisa said, but Hans bless your port of the wreckies have been much more Cooperative she said. Well congratulations. Get a light. Yeah. Anyway, so that bit right there is your pop to my knees in my head for the pool. Yeah. And I wrote him down. Chris Farley, John Candy and John Bollucci. Oh, the fatties. Yeah. These are drugs and more than one of the above. What celebrity death during your lifetime had the greatest impact on you? I don't know what I'm going to hold on these because quite frankly, I don't want to sound insensitive. Right. Celebrity. Not politician, not president, not a world leader, not stuff like that. Yeah. But what if they were a celebrity politician? Yeah. That's another thing. Like Ronald Reagan, not that he belonged to the list of the young. Booker brands sent me a lot of depressing stuff. By the way, I think that Muffo's an apology to Booker Brian, don't you? I think Muffo's unapology. Something happened. So all of you anti-war songs we got, all of you, let's go back and play those tomorrow. What do you say? Oh, get everybody all depressed. I thought of a celebrity politician that belongs on the list. Who's that, Sunny Bono? Hey, a lot of Sunny Bono's death had the greatest impact on my life. But a lot of the people here, he wouldn't get one vote. He raised all that money for those Republicans. He raised Sunny Bono. We're out of your rocker man. Share, praise impacted her life. Well, when she dies, that it affects somebody's life. Okay. Let's hurry up and see what happens. That's bad. I didn't mean that. Did I mean that? I would be a little care about her. No. Huh? I shouldn't say it on the air. But, it anyway. Like I said, Muffo is Booker Brian and Apology for getting me to like a, not we've got hot water, but like Luke warm a little bit there for a while. Getting everybody else psychotic. Oh, Brad, what do we got a two-print? Just sitting there and dummy up. Okay. Well, I think what we ought to do is lock him in there. Don't you? They'll keep everybody a lot of happy, all day. Give it. It's like a padlock and put it on the outside and 5pm sharp. It's like on a timer. It can automatically open and Muffo door can open up. It's closet door. It don't put him in the, it is desk. Just put him in a closet. Here's a call from Boca. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. Hey. Hey. You're going to put my two sets worth in the house. You're going to put it in the house. We're fine. Do you want to? Oh, there you go. When I was going Carlos, the little beater boy screwed up again. Sorry, sir. And my auto one. Yeah, you're on. It's Carlos's fault. He's an asshole. Go ahead. Bruce Lee was one of my heart-hit. That's the celebrities. And his son, Brandon Lee, both of them. Right. Well, which one you can only have one now? Bruce Lee. How about Pinky Lee? Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Oh, I'm so excited. You know, she's still alive. What about Pinky Lee, huh? Yeah. I don't have a heart attack. Right on the ear, I thought. But then it turned out that stir wasn't true about him having a heart attack on the ear. Hey, kids. You know, anyone. I was going to him. I was going to him. Pinky Lee. You remember Pinky Lee? No. Well, that's good. Because that means you're not a whole fart like me and Boca Brian. We remember all those little, like our lean Francis. But I said, when I found out yesterday that she was dead, my life is just turned inside out. Upside down. Do you believe me? No. No. I was old. I'm sure she was like 80 something or 100 something. That's, you know, nobody lives forever. That's old enough, Arlene. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Bruce Lee. That's a good choice. You know, if you're lucky to high karate, if you were high karate, which is your better walking out. We're in old spice. Don't be wearing old spice. People will start to talk mad dog. We're also old spice. They're going to be called old spice. Right. Because you smell real old. You smell like moe when you wear that stuff. Sores is Clinton and Dollas were off on 60 minutes. You ready for this? Oh, since you mentioned that. Yes. We still get daily, like at least 20 page facts of stories from somebody that you're not, you don't want to read and they're just wasting facts paper like that one, for example. You don't mean Jeff Heiss neighbor. No. Although, every once in one, he still tries to sneak one in. But no, this person just reans and reans the paper going to, you know, into the garbage. Yeah. Quick send enough stuff. Okay. Unless it's something that you figured right. In a prime time, we match the 1996 presidential campaign, former president of Bill Tenton, and former Senator Bob Dole with the limp penis of some contracts with CBS to do commentary segment on the news magazine 60 minutes sources of post-delta network told CNN. How do you like that? And the first thing that Clinton is going to say in a somewhat lower voice to dole is. You call that a penis? The two have agreed to do 10 debate segments in a revival of the show's point counterpoint segment, which in which any logically opposed commentators squrothed and made hot button political issues kind like crossfire. Crossfire. Okay. I hate that Bob Novak man. He makes me sick. I've actually even a conservative's hate him. Even if they agree with everything he says, which I find impossible, but even if they did, he's just such an asshole. And such a bad actor. You're on his second about the crossfire. You know, in fact, he belongs in South Florida. He's the poster child. Oh, speak of that. Speaking of Billboards? Yeah. If you look real close, you notice on the generic QM Billbore versus we've got balls. Okay. The one I'm talking about? I'll be right back. No. Well, I haven't seen it. What are you listening to me? The generic billbore says we've got balls, and then it's got like at the top. The logo for each of the sports teams that we carry in or the Panthers and the dolphins. Right? And then at the bottom, in very tiny print, it says, not with six exclamation points. 560560 pound when we use to have balls, but not anymore. Oh, great. It's a fight, though. We're much in nervous nellies, baby. Every time somebody farted, we have to open a window and like bring a whole bunch of Park tall distance to examine you, Roma, make sure that they're not after us. Talk about paranoid and delusional. That's our leader, baby. That's our leader. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. I know how you doing. Pretty good. Welcome to Death Central. Thank you. I'd like you to ask your polls, so to speak. Go ahead and ask. Well, the person I really directly affected me, literally, was a Jerigar CS since it took me off tour, and forced me to get a real job. So I just wanted to add him. You took you off tour? Yeah. I really want to be. You weren't one of the deadheads, were you? I was a deadhead. Are you cereal? Follow him. I'll be home. I'll be home. Salt, organic peanut butter, banana sandwiches. Ha ha ha ha ha. I guess the hardest thing was a bummer than to, huh? Yeah. Actually, I had to get a job and he stopped me from smoking pasta, but now you wouldn't want to go. That's good. George is glad to hear that. He's got a great chip in the chemist weekend. I like your ice cream too. Thanks a lot, pal. One more special request. Yes, sir? Yeah. How could you, do you know how to be tennis, or how to come it up? Could you please play the general for top ready, bomb bomb? I'm sorry, just for you. Thank you, darling. Say goodbye. Cherry Garcia, huh? And we'd like to do his fish food as well. So, what have you been for Jerry Garcia? We wouldn't have those flavors, I bet. Yes? The person we were talking about with all the faxes that I just got done through in 20 pages in the garbage. Yes. It's faxing them all again. Story, yeah. You've already gotten and talked about. So, might you just press the button that says a cancel to late? No, one day, it's never to late. Never to late. Probably to late for all of us's name. What we can't chavise? Oh. The Victor Chavelester was found guilty of being an accessory to murder for helping those two young brothers who bludgeon their father to death with a baseball bat. Ricky Chavis 41 was sentenced to the maximum 30 years in prison yesterday. Oh! After he was found guilty of accessory after the fact that first he'd be murder an evidence tampering. He received 30 years for the first charge in five years for the tampering, where the sentences to run concurrently. Chavis has been convicted of 17 felonies helped Alex and Derek King cover up the, go over 26 2001 beating death of their father Terry King at their home and nearby cantonement. Y'all got ya. We know this story very well. And of course, you know they're not too fun in the slamer of child molesters. Well, depends on what you mean by fond. No, I'm serious. They're gonna like, I don't think he's gonna make the 30 years. So how many days you think he's gonna last in there? Fuck 30. Oh, okay. I've got 30, man. Yeah, what? And how does it sound? I don't think it sounds too good. Fuck 30, man. Yeah, oh, that was nice and clean. When you played before the show, so I've like had all kinds of extraneous crap on it. That was good. That was in progress. Woo! That was lovely. I got like a little quiver. A little quiver in my liver when I heard that. Oh, it's speaking to that. How about David Crosby? Oh, that's right. He's got a new liver. Huh? He can start destroying it all over again. Yeah. Nice going there, David. I'm kidding. It. I'm 28 at five, 60. Do you know where to come? Look at the snow falling behind. Bill's Hummer there on CNN. And then exciting. No more snow falling here now. It's a little cloudy. We're going to make it all the way through about 25 today. Oh, not bad. No complaints, baby. No complaints in TO, least got a no one last night. And a big trade with San Jose. Finally dumped off that stiff Alan McCallion. I was going there. Pat, it's about time he done something. You stiff. You know, for years I've been telling you about the health benefits of all your men. Now keep telling you because it's tremendous stuff. I'm popping it my pussy every day. It'll come as better I sign now. You notice? Oh, yeah. What do you mean by that? I think I sound great today. You sound great. You sound great. Yes, it is. Onlyomets soft y'all's contain pharmaceutical grade olive oil, which is not just your ordinary pedestrian olive oil. It's super concentrated and loaded with health benefits. Onlyometrary day can upreduce the risk of heart disease, not cholesterol plus. There are 14 different oleomet formulas to choose from each one combining the best olive audio find anywhere is with vitamins, minerals and herbal supports specific need from bones to blood pressure to your immune system. In fact, my blood pressure is like many appoints. Laura now. I'm maybe it's not because of the oleomet, but it sure isn't hurt. Now tell you that. This is great. Just pick out the formulas that are right for you. And now there are three new oleomet formulas. One to help you sleep on how you can control your big fat weight and coq 10 for your heart. Pick up some today at public's Eckridge's Walgreens Whole Food Markets and a whirlwind sit on us or order oleomet online at oleometamerica.com. If you want more info on your products and what they can do for you, call them toll free and ask away. Call 1-866-Oliomet. That's 1-866-653663 for better health. I'll pop in some oleomet in your post today. My and local, your sports video 566-U.S.U.A.M. I'm on the hand. Hey, Drew, stand for Capriotti here. And when I'm at Slippin' Balls on the court, I'm getting stoned off my ass. And I get my best hits off the jetter for Capriotti, try to spot a ball can bomb. That's right, it's the Genobir Capriotti 10-Ball can bomb. Cops will never suspect his innocent looking can. Just empty the balls, screw on the ball, fill it with water, and your set to destroy brain cells. The Genopir Capriotti way. Ah, this is so smooth. It's the bomb that thinks it's a tennis ball can. A tennis ball can, that thinks it's a bomb. Proceeds benefit the Genopir Capriotti wrinkles the bets, but normal approved. 932-560-WM-M and I just had a fact that says you're wrong about the billboards. And about him it doesn't say not, it says we used to anyway. I say, Jason Williams-Reandide didn't shooting death. I just mentioned this in passing. Former basketball star Jason Williams was charged in a new indictment yesterday with a shooting death of that limo driver. Remember that stirring? Oh yeah. The new indictment charges Williams were the same counts as in the original indictment plus possession of a weapon for the law for unlawful purpose. The 100-in-county in New Jersey prosecutors office out the new indictment hopes of heading off a lengthy challenge to the first one. Williams is accused of recklessly handling the shotgun that killed cost as Gus Christophe, the shooting occurred February 14, 2002 at Williams Alexander Township estate. He could face nearly 55 years in prison if convicted in all charges 10 more years than the original indictment. I see like that, asshole, huh? Just another isolated incident in the world of sports. On in, of course, we got more on this t-shirt protest, which I did talk about yesterday. Who say you the thing my Dutch friend said you that facts? Yeah. If these people would listen to the show, they discovered that we got a pretty good grip on what's going on in a world. I mean, I don't get it. In fact, if they go to our website and take a look at our bedtime stories, I know they might learn something. About 100 people marched through cross-gates, mallet New New New Zealand, to protest the arrest Monday of the man who wore peace t-shirt while he shocked. But it's grace. An absolute disgrace. We just want to know what the policy is and why it's being randomly enforced, said Erano Bryan, an organizer of the rally. No arrest or reported and protest leaders were scheduled to meet with the malls manager after the rally. In Monday's incident and turning for the state was arrested and hauled into court after refusing to take off a t-shirt that said give peace a chance while shopping at the mall. This is the least second time in recent months that mall security asked people where he t-shirts with peace slogans to leave. Ready for that? Yeah. No more freedom of speech. Do others stand to be stopped or keep track of everyone? Yeah, we noticed that. Make no mistake about it. So that's a little update on that story. People are pissed off. They're protesting. They're marching. And all in the, if you look at a picture on that with that bedtime series on our website, is the picture included in that, I'm sure it is. One moment plate. It shows all these fat housewives with their rotisiers. They're wearing a big t-shirt. It's on there. If he's got a monor yet. Marcher's protest erected of man for wearing peace t-shirt across gates. It's a net it. And I put it on there. Yeah, the stories there. Okay. Don't pay any attention to George. He's very, very slow. In case you haven't noticed. What celebrity death during your lifetime had the greatest impact on you? We're doing death today. I'm going to show you why to hold not because. Because we got death in bloodshed on our rising babies. In fact, let's play Marvin Gaye. What's going on? And we'll segue it with the new one that George Michael song. That the Lynn was so crazy about. We'll play him by just side by each all day. I'll be at the towel. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Yes sir. Hey, about 24 years ago I was 19 years old. And I remember where I was and what I was doing and who I was with when I heard that sermon months and it killed himself crash in his plane. Really? That's about the only thing. The only person that's ever done. I was the Ake fan again. I was the Ake fan again. I was the Ake fan. I was the Ake fan. I was the Ake fan. I was the Ake fan. I was the Ake fan. I was the Ake fan. I was the Ake fan. I was the Ake fan. I was the Ake fan. I was the Ake fan. I was the Ake fan. But you know what? I don't remember me. Anybody else driving around with these and loving memory of sermon months and stickers on our cars. I got to see it on it with all these Yahoo's and the number three with Dale learn. I love being a Dale Learn Harder. Are you serious? I don't want to play. Oh my. You've never seen him on the pickup truck. Oh my God. It drives me. It's one of my keys. It loving memory of Dale Learn Harder. And loving memory of Dale Learn Harder with the number three on the I bet you've learned. Have you learned how if you put a hard name on this poll you'd be surprised on how many of you. I could see a loving memory of Dale Murphy but he's still alive. You know, he still got that big mole on his face. But Dale Learn Harder. Dale Learn. Happens all the time. I mean, I see him all the time. So keep your eyes open. I guarantee you'll start noticing him on the pickup truck. Good news is I haven't seen one up here yet. Oh, well, they're down here. They're all over the place. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. But I put him on here. I guess I'm right away. Dale Learn Harder. Yeah, everywhere. How do you spell that? ERNHAR tier with an L.D.T. I don't know how you spell it. Better look it up on the thing. Okay. Carlos. Make sure we get this spelling record. Eric, it's all been out of shape. If we get spelling wrong, especially if it's our fault. Would you rarely is by the way, Eric? I just mentioned it. Five C.7. We're going to have a recorded apology from Duff to Vulca. Brian. We're going to be playing around noon today several times. Do you think that's appropriate? Sure. Oh, I don't know. What you laughing about? Huh? I think that's a very least you can do. Is be a real man, at least for a couple of minutes anyway. What's some of the other, I don't know. He's got all these depressing songs on here. I think I'm very requires that if the one song on here that may be one of blow my brains on, this is the one. I'm our plaintiff and Carlos O'Missie in 1968 or nine. And WTPS. I can see the black label on this side. Can't you just see it? He's turned around. It is exploding. I was playing. Bullish loading. You're holding up to kill. But not for voting. You don't believe in war. I thought when we'd get lucky. He was saying gun yet talking. He was a bit even though. It ought to hear Barry Barry McGuire. Now let's see who the hell was Barry McGuire? Barry McGuire was, um, he was somebody. Yeah. I'm telling you he was somebody. He was a guy. Are you sure? Oh, I'm serious. He wasn't like really a singer. He was like, uh, what was he like? He was a disjockey or something. Look that up to why you're mad. Maybe somebody will let me know. Somebody will research that. Who Barry McGuire was. Because he wasn't like right now. In fact, you know something to hell with that. One moment, please. I'm going to get my billboard book out. You're right at that. You're not KC in the Sunshine Band crap off here. I don't KC. You look old by the way. So I'm at the airport. Did I tell you that 400 times without the makeup? Oh, he looked really bad. Well, you know, when you get to be 90, that's what most said. You start looking a little very McGuire. Remember, they, oh, he was a member of the new Christie minstrels. Oh, wow. Well, I told you he was somebody. And did you know that on that song? On the, even destruction? He's backed up by the original members of the grass roots. He's backed up. Oh, I love the grass roots. Of course. Don't we all love the grass roots? All of us. So let's start a grass roots campaign against the war. Eastern World. Nice. It is exploding. Okay. That's enough for it. He was with a new Christie minstrels Randy Spars. You know what? I hated the new Christie minstrels. Yeah. Like poison. Didn't you hate them? Uh huh. They can green. Wasn't that that song green? Green, didn't they do that? Oh, man. It wasn't one. Wasn't Kenny Rogers will want to them for a while or something. He was? I don't know. Can he Rogers roasters? I want to sell Kenny Rogers at Pompano Park at the track in the dining room. How do you like that? I'm at his brother. He came over to see a little bit. He was sitting there with a whole stack of stuff. Also, uh, Jim Leeland, the former manager of the marlins was there. Pompano Park one night. How do you get his brains out? His brother looks and sounds just like him. Who's that? Jim Leeland? Kenny Rogers. Maybe it was his brother. Here's cruel sprain. So, hey. Yes, sir. He's there for the war song, but you got to go with the country, Joe and the fish. You got to bring that out too. You mean like fish here? Yeah. Give me an eye. Come here. Come here. Come here. Come here. Come here. Let's take him in. Is there an Asian or what? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Oh. Oh. Oh. Come on. I want to make sure I'm there. Okay. It's enough of that. See, you ask what we got it, man. We got it all. Yeah. You are the best. Let's look around. For my urban brother, because he got all the, uh, the angles on your lips. You got to cut down Mr. Martin Gaye. Marvin Gaye, excellent choice. Yeah. Yeah. He, uh, I got totally into the, uh, with him and blues and learning more about the music. Yeah. That's a good path to the music. Yeah. That's a good way to get that. Okay. Let me go. Thanks. All right. We have our time right on to the one. Our thumbs on the post, baby. The pulses soft flour, which we can barely feel at the moment. The one that you'll want. The last two minutes of the, uh, Yeah. Love Marvin Gaye. Although, of course, George is going to go out about he wasn't as important as the beach boys again. 941 at 560 W to Q. I'm out telling where they're very important. At Pompano Park, just ask him. They'll tell you, we got great live harness racing Monday. Wednesday, Friday and Saturday at Pompano Park and the only horse racing fireworks stunt show in the world takes place tomorrow night. March 7 at Pompano Park is called Hot to Trot. Australian stuntman Vincent Silvestor when his wonder horse had me silver will shock the crap out of you as Vincent stands on the shaft of his Aussie race bike. Hold the reins. It is teeth 15,000 candle par marine players in his hands. And while hand me silver races around the dark track shoots off more than 2,000 rounds of fireworks from the back of his race bike. Even Donald Brainer never had a trip around the track like that. And the grand finale is as exciting as Macy's July 4th display. Of course, the Pompano Park general Park he admission to always free. And of course, the big fireworks show 9 p.m. this Friday tomorrow night along with the setting harness racing action starting at 7 p.m. and tomorrow they'll be free miniature horse rides free face painting and clowns for the kids and live music as well. And this Saturday March 50, or no, and let's see a week from Saturday. Got that? No. Next Saturday, March 15 in Pompano Park, a big giveaway vacation for two to treasure, K-Resort and Marine and the Everco in the Bahamas. Pompano Park where we got great live harness racing, but we got all kinds of good stuff and, final casting every day, seven days a week. You'll find Pompano a blast out of the Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road and Prestidis Pompino Beach. It's my life and love all this is for 25-60. We're doing it. Pompano Diana Kee. Good bye, Phil. Hard for him. Bring the view in and view in a real good guy that had so much fun together, but you've married a psychotic dude. Yeah. A drink of finger got his hitch. But the good news is that, cheap new herself away, cos everybody knows that it's LA. They let brothers walk every day. Another last-lar-hus-die, thanks to your psychobit twice, who had a stupid thing like, brim. And news radio was a main show except that, you were there. And some characters from the ships and the laws, they're boys. If time for that, your life would have lasted long, but she left you no choice. Good bye, Troy. Make sure you made a front-such. Phil, dead, high, sorry that expert, a robot has a gun. And funny, I just blew your head off. Now, line-up, let's get rid of. She's dead anyway. Saturday night, as fallen for the indicate since that the reason you left anyway. As it sucks that you died, those of your psychotic glass, with that stupid thing like brim. And the same thing, will never be the same again. No. And as those like your past, you're pretty fast, so it's a good thing she said, because nobody can defend that bitch. You had for a while. He prefers the company of men. And 47. At 560 WCM, here's the fact that says, in regard to your celebrity death pull, the one had the biggest effect on me was broadcaster Jack Buck. I knew Jack he was a hell of a guy very gentleman with a great sense of you, and we probably didn't get two votes on your pull, but he'd get mine since my computer is crap right now, I don't even give him one vote. Keep up the great work, West Palm Beach, it says that was, let's see, the one ahead the least impact, I think we can all agree on that. Yeah, I come around on that. Just like them out, let's probably probably like, I see about five minutes of that every day on the court TV, I can't take anymore. I feel so bad for him, I mean, I'm easy blathering, blathering. Yeah, she had a common, I mean, there's just such a thing, can we have like a special category like they had a common, and that's it. Christian warned her. You heard that he's a Christian? Christian, Brando. Yeah. Yeah, he warned her that if she let daddy out, he'd write a house in home. What is this crap? I have no idea. Oh, that is this. That you just facts me now. That crap. I'll have fun with this and our fine friend, the beast. Is this the same beast that's two, six to two, six to come and get weighed in? That's him. He can't get weighed, but he's trying to get laid. Oh, Clarence, you make me want to upshot Clarence with your cockah. With your cockah, with your juvenile childish cockah, man. Anyway, first let's do the promo for Joe and Mark, as long as we're going to be doing promos. Six to eight tonight, Joe and Mark will be out of pro player stadium for the Maroonie auto tensile, stopped by to spin the zeal for a prizes to get to see the heat the canes, and the four champions you've had to rail were all the good players ain't playing. Six to eight at PP Park would Joe and Mark tonight, stopped by and see what they look like, especially Mark, you'll say, wow, no wonder you're on radio. And in this from Clarence, it's the fine to beauty for the beast promotion. How come we don't have a fine to beauty for Clarence promotion? They thought they would have a better chance to do this. Hank is trying to find the beast or girls, or here's the deal. Any female over the age of 21. This to me sounds like solicitation. This is what it sounds like to me. I mean, isn't this the station that scared of their own shadow? This is the solicitation station. Oh, is now that it says on a Billboard WQM, your solicitation station? Yes. Any female over the age of 21, she'd log on to wqm.com and fill out the questionnaire that a beast has provided for you, and email him your picture. This is unbelievable. Welcome to Dylody. Holy cow. I'm maybe we didn't have some billboards, you know? That just have our whole new mentality. That's a gang rape is funny. Yeah, on a billboard, wqm. Gang rape is funny. That's coming next week, I think. To a billboard near you. A WQM panel of judges will narrow the, see, they're trying to like rip off the TV credits. They're doing only. They don't understand that nobody wants to touch him. Hmm. WQM panel judges will narrow the field of ten finalists for our live broadcast March 26th of Gatsby's in David. That night on Hanko, we'll show the ten finalists will appear and the beast will find his beauty and a trip or two to the Bahamas. Oh my god, let anybody out there. Get serious, okay? You know how much you beat. Why? You know how many entrance there are so far? Oh. One. No, you were one first. I was right the first time on. Oh, who the hell? Who wants to date that? What? Just because he's short and bald in fact. And are we? Oh. And Harry? Not a intense. In fact, you ever see him together with that, Mohammed Guy? As a matter of fact, his legs aren't Harry. The Mohammed Guy, I think, but what do we can't find the beast? The Mohammed Guy is him with a mustache. Anyway, here's the fact, this is very, very, very was an X-green beret. Also, it says, Do me as an idiot. Well, I'll be pick up on my boy Ty Do me, okay? He got three games in Darcy Tucker got five for that, but that's not really good. We're not going to do an Alhaki talk, okay? So cut the crap. Here we go. Okay. Now we're talking, maybe all protests all the time. I'm definitely a QA, if you're meeting and dating and raping station from New Orleans. For however it'll act. Isn't that funny just before the show Carl's Andrews or both tell me there was something in the ear? Yeah. Yeah. I thought there's a corporate disease in here there. Greg, it's in the sea, he's in the gym. It's a germ. Go get it. If I want you to give up off of butterfly met. And he can run up and down the hall, catching germs in it. Germans? Okay, here's our poll today. Let's get serious and get back to this, because it's up there already. John Lennon's pulling away from the pack, but he doesn't have the stiff competition yet. What celebrity death during your lifetime at the greatest impact on you? Elvis? John Lennon? I just voted for Elvis because I had a vote for somebody. Did you see the results on my brain? Because none of them had any impact on him. I mean, I don't want to say any, but, you know, Elvis, John Lennon, Kurt Cobain, Phil Hartman, George Harrison, Chris Farley, John Candy, John Ballushi, Bruce Lee, Jerry Garcia, Thurman Munson, Dale Earnhardt, Marvin Gaye, and Jack Buck, is the list so far that it's growing like Leafs and Bounds. What celebrity death during your lifetime keep in mind during your lifetime? I thought about somebody died like 100 years ago and I'd like Charlie Chaplin. Isn't he dead? Yeah. I was thinking so by now when you... And cold instead. Oh, Bella LaGosey, which we were talking about him yesterday. And it was another really silly vampire movie on with him yesterday on what was... I know we're somewhere with somebody, but, one of those channels that I wish I could get. Yeah. It was so bad that it was just... It was like a comedy vampire. And it might have been in that wood movie. Another one. Could have been. Here's a call from Pompeo, hello. Pompeo? Hello? Click. No, no, he wasn't his phone was doing something. 560, 560, 560, 560 on a AT&T. You're such a hard ass man. You just brutal. Yeah. Just cut these people a little bit of slack. Wait a minute. Please not too much. Just a little tiny bit. Just a scooch. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil, the... Selena was popped. I was 18 and the whole girl from the vacation was going on and that really affected me. I didn't think anybody else was under the age of 100. But for that? They don't even know who the hell she was. Selena. We'll give her a shot, don't man. So, Steve. Thank you so much. We'll give her a shot for Selena. Are we heading these on or now Carlos? You keep a track? Yes. Wait till that day learn her thing. I'm still in shock over that. Over our day. People drive it around with bumper stickers saying, Now what does it say again? In loving memory. Or in a more subtle way they just have a number three, the account or bumper sticker. What is that for made Ruth? Yeah. He was number three. I'm trying to think about hockey player war number three. Marcel Proneval war number three would leave about 100 years ago. Who was number three? I was going Neil. Thank you. But you're not too many people know that. No. I know my leaves, baby. I know my falling leaves. She can smell them all the way from my window. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Let's see. So far, Johnlin in 27 Elvis E. Levin. I thought Elvis would not let a big in this crowd. Does everybody get a vote? Huh? He's pretty big around the middle. John blues she nine. Phil Hartman nine. Kurt Colbaine six. John candy five. Chris Farley four. George Harrison four. Do you ever see a pair of Bruce Lee don't have any? Well, I won't go to the court and he might get their vote. Hop on it man. And of course we haven't added the important ones on her yet like Dale Earnhardt and Marvin Gaye. And Jack Buck and Selena right? And third one does. Whatever. We're building it. We're adding to it. Just relax. Just calm down. And additionally probably about want to clock there. Be some more dead celebrity right now. Well, either way that they're dropping like flies lately. Right. Here's a call from North Miami. Hello. I know. Yes sir. Great. John Wayne American. John Wayne is a good choice. They're there. And don't we wish we had to do command today to take care of these bastards? Oh well. I wouldn't watch paper watch the movie though. Okay. Anyway. John Wayne the Duke. The Duke. Marion. Right. What about rock Hudson? What about it? Well, do you think he deserved to be on there? Absolutely. He was in that movie with Fay Wayne. I mean John Wayne. You think? Sure. Sure. Put rock Hudson on there. You know we got to put some of these on there because some of the people out there don't have the balls to do it. We got to have one for them out of Coines out there. Rock Hudson. What about Tony Perkins? What do you laugh at about us, Ron? I love his pancakes man. Do we have a Perkins pancake house in South Florida? I know they have in Tampa. I don't think that's pretty embarrassing. I know I hate to keep dwelling on that. Yeah. There's so many good places in Tampa for his eateries and there are a bunch of mudwimps over there who have no taste at all. They're tastes in their touch. And yet they got Perkins pancake cows and they got crystal and they got they had steak and shake for years before we ever. And I bet to the burgers that's taken shake over there is still good. I bet you they have Sonic still. No. I never saw Sonic in Tampa. When did you ever see that? No they're north of the border like the Palm Beach border. In Tampa? I don't know about Tampa but they're in north Florida. I don't think there's no Sonic in Tampa. All right. I'll we'll find out. We got some Tampa listeners over there on the internet. We got any Sonic over there. What do you say? No. You got plombo? How about last it? 9.57 at 5.60 WQM. It's a death day here on QAM course when you work in a station. Huh. Everyday falls in that category. So they're trying to get the beast a day. Trying to get him laid. Huh. Good luck. What a joke that is. Anyway, speaking of exciting things, Brandy's is celebrating their 25th year in a shoe business in Pompatau Beach. Any independent family shoe store that's lasted that long and a transient god for bidding a place like South Florida. And a place that just is unyielding like South Florida has got to be doing them other things right. And they are like offering a fantastic selection. A men's and women's famous brand shoes that unbeatable prices like rock ports. Echoes, Mufisto, Timberland, Clark's SAS floor shaman lots more. They got a wide range of sizes. Men sizes 6 to 15. Women's 5 to 12 and wits from the very narrow to the very wide. And a professional sales staff will take good care of make sure you get a perfect fit every time. It would over 40,000 pair of shoes in stock in their 8,000 square foot mega store. You'll almost never hear sorry Mr. or man. We don't have that size near shoe or whatever because they got it. You want it? They got it. Brand is a great place to take your feet for shoes. You'll find it at 1290 North Federal Highway in Papua no Beach Brandys is open 89, 9 Sunday, 10 to 5 in this week. It's a great time to buy floor shime shoes at Brandys because they're on sale as we take 20% off the entire stockman's floor shime shoes. Only this week at Brandys in Papua no Beach. And look all this is for 2350. You wait 2 a.m. By 2. You're... Imagine there's no you'll go... A ride. And I'm still alive. Imagine there's happiness in me. But you'll go didn't survive. Imagine if you're a bullet. Oh, have gone away. Yeah. Imagine ringo's so bad. One little if you can. And George, turn to Jewish. Oh. Then the circumsize the band. Fuck. Fuck. Imagine cold and window. Eating juicy snakes. We have done you may stay around the river. But it's not bad being dead. I'm not here with, live with the ranching. And the whole life is good to be there. I was sure the word head was going to give me some or buy it I guess not. 10 o'clock to 5.60 w to Qm. We got the man dog at Derralo want to clock any interest in that golf tournament. Oh. Hank at Derralo 3 to 5.50 short show today because we got Marlon's exhibition game. Marlon's exhibition game 550 to whatever ends against the Montreal expose any influence in the Marlon No, and an exhibition game and then any can't for baseball until a Mark overnight That's our somewhat awarded schedule today a lot of golf Lots of lots of golf any effemists golfers that we should put on list who died About Ben Hogan to Ben Hogan die. I'm sure you heard that guy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I can't remember his name that guy I'm in the plane crash that Colleen goes oh, oh, oh, what the hell was his name? Yeah, it's right on the tip of my tongue What is his name? We have we have that drop in the near two. We could think of his name Oh, something No, I think it's the the people it's not Peter. What was it? No, I said I think it's with a pee, but it's not pee. What's with a pee? Who's with a pee? Yeah, well let's look under pee. Okay. I think I got to find it that way All the way do have Yeah, I guess when I saw a little bit of the other day it was ending in a redass all at the last two minutes Command O Cody paint Stuart paint Stuart very good. Thank you. You're right. Who's with a pee? Command O Cody how about all that show God. I haven't say rocket man ancient Saturday morning at the candy Otheter watches do every week there used to be the cereals. That was one of my favorite command O Cody Matter facts Saturday morning sometimes uh Serfing the cable sometimes you'll see like just for filler like on the movie channels They'll put stuff like that on there. I love that thing that that flying pack He's there. You put on his back and he would fly Oh, it was great Hey, man. Anyway, here's some facts as once as I think the celebrity death that affected me most is the Budweiser fair It's truly sad that he died, but most of his fans can take solace in the fact that Moe pays tribute to his legacy by wearing him as a two-pay You are Excellent, maybe a little insensitive but nevertheless right on target. Here's one from John Portse and Lucy who does this get it You're good guy John would like you a lot, but Didn't I make it pretty clear in fact that even mentioned specifically no JFK and OLBJ and OFDR no political people Yeah, John says I don't know if you're considering to be a celebrity Oh, but JFK's assassination was a huge shock to me Well, that's cool. I can relate to that but we'll do that another day. What death of what political leader? You know like right something like that huh sure some other time not anytime soon Let's see now here's one. Oh, and I don't have any of the music. I think you've got it all there I Know you celebrity death that affected me most was when Morris give died a mountain our hospital in January Not necessarily because I gave a crap about him, but because I was scheduled to have a procedure done there the following week I couldn't sleep a wink for the entire week and it ended up Shmitting my pants in the way to the hospital morning of the surgery It was a little difficult trying to explain the stain the admitting nurse, but suffice to say I'm still alive a month and a half later Still can't get that smell out of my car though. It's it. I pooped my pan. That's what he's trying to say. Well, I was easy getting that thing I think anyway, good luck, yes, sir So we want to put Morris give on there. Well, I guess my not it's recent right? And let's put all Morris on there what they'll never sing together again and This is one we hadn't thought about I have no idea why not that we you know we got four hours I thought I was gonna be together. Huh? I thought about it. Did you I want to let somebody else say Okay Yeah Okay, put it back in your pants. Come on good morning the ill endured the most influential celebrity at Jim Morrison War song unknown soldier by the doors which you just heard about 20 or 30 seconds too much up Also less kiter is alive and well and still cause football for University of Y and Honolulu Who says less near George that is shocking? Let's kiter is still calling football game. Hey, why he's got to be six hundred years old Too bad we don't have a sports step. You know somebody that could like look up and find one of you when the Patterson Johansson fights were I would say early 60s like 61 would be my guess Okay, I guess that makes sense because that would be like 40 40 one or two years ago, right? Well when Ken comes in He can look it up somehow. I'm sure or we remember it But about Clarence. So that's why Clarence is too busy trying to get the beast laid You know this whole thing with a beast is starting to get in my nerves a little bit. Okay. I mean, okay He's not a bad guy's a little bit pushy in annoying and he did get canned out the morning show because he was on professional 62 63 what's that the Patterson Johansson fight that's what I just said I said 61 so excuse me Okay, you know what I think it was 61 the one I'm talking or has they thought twice at least Actually, there was the first one was in 58 about that. Yeah They fought like four or five times. Okay, so like I said You know, who could around that time? But my point being that he was that that was one of his famous fight calls was the one where they kept knocking each other down One of them would get up and he knocked the other one down. Yeah, don't get up and whatever And anyway, so that would make him let's see if he was about 40 when he was doing the fight that would make him 80 some But I'm just picking a number out of the year. I bet you could find him on the web TE-I-T-E-R less citer. Did I spell it right? Yeah, it's a E-I-T-E-R just just checking and In fact, if they got his birthday dinner, it would get most birthday I know where he was really born if they go back to that far Well, he must have got to have all those records erased It's like you go back to the 19th century. You can probably find look at that daily Everybody on one April 27th, 19 19 So that would make him 81 and no 384 less citer or is that most? Now give me that date again April 27th 19 19 That's the date when Mo was born. Hey, kids stop. How do you like that? He still keeps going like the everybody cat. He takes a look and he keeps on ticking looking 560 50560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line and that's something less citer He's still alive He's got glasses. You got like these cook bottle glasses like somebody we know Here's a call from for a lot of day. Hello. I do nail great When I was a kid growing up in town on the New York We experimented with newspapers in the classroom and now while we're doing that three deaths happen 30 friends Jim Cochee and the one that hurt the most was Jim Martin Jim Martin Do you remember the character then on the Queenie and In Canada what do you mean do I remember it? In fact I saw the whole story of Tim Horton on one of the on the biography channel here last year Oh really and the fact is they didn't want to let him drive home because he had a few pots Home alone in a bad storm They tried to talk him out of it. They said don't do it number seven don't do it to me But of course if he wouldn't have done it, we might not have all those Tim Horton donuts shops today When he driving like a Porsche or a Ferrari or something or he was I don't know about that Yeah, he had a really fast car too. He was a great player with a great slap shot Fantastic for the same as Sabers Rouring John Stanley and Horton Bring back memories. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pally put him down or Tim Horton Got it. How about free friends and I forgot the other one he said yeah Freddy Prince and who is the other one he said? got damn it Freddy Prince yeah, how's Freddy doing by the way? You'll then I'm a girl suggested one and who's that? Miss the Rogers oh Mr Rogers cheese. That just happened a few days ago for a good thank God We got somebody under the age of a hundred who's at least you know a little contemporaries as opposed to all these old people at you and I are talking about Now this guy's gonna put Tim Horton on here. I guess I could put one out of re- was devastated by and I was bill he would I was devastated not only the fact that one bill he would die, but when it gave him like such short trip On hockey that he can Good other stopping calm. Hello out there. We're on the air Shoot him They gave me short trip. He did least games for like 30 some years in hockey night in Canada They gave him like about 10 seconds and I was in with that. I was going there John Shannon you asshole You idiot That's my message for John Shannon over at least TV in fact he's probably right up to street there Maybe Rimmer will pass the message long to him. Be sure and pass the message Rimmer in between getting me those drugs You haven't gotten you asshole. Well, that wasn't for Rimmer. That was for John Shannon you asshole That was for Rimmer because he didn't come to my drugs yet So I watched partly a panter lost pretty coma inducing game last night to Colorado 3 to 1 and I didn't see Rimmer crap Is pants at all so it must not take as many antibiotics as he was threatening 567.0560 pound five 60 on a AT and T and Verizon marvelous line celebrity deaths during your lifetime Which one had the greatest impact? And what a list we've got so far if we just made about wave a magic wand and bring all of these people back when I'd be something You know, I don't want to be I don't want to be militant But anybody who don't like the doors and Jim Morrison to me is just an asshole They're dumb they don't like music you don't like the doors you don't like you if you don't like the doors You don't like you as that we hate you guys in it. You know like the doors we wish you would get like some growth some growth that your ass and just die at wicked You listen to the doors and then you think about someone is rap crap that the kids are listening to him out of last There are 30 years now this garbage that they pass off his music seriously. Yeah, not 30, but like I'm about 30 man About the last 10-15 years they've been listening to the swirl that that panter did man. Oh, man. It's just a well, what's the comparison? And then of course that makes us dated an old and seal all I crack was his true What's all every death during your lifetime at the greatest impact on you Elvis John Lenin Kurt Cobain Philharman George Harrison Chris Farley John Candy John Bolushi Bruce Lee Jury Garcia Termin Munson Dale Earnhardt Marvin Gay Jack Bucks Alina John Wayne Rock Hudson Jim Morrison Morris give Tim Horton Freddy Prince and Mr. Rogers You're right that got a pretty Prince guy and he had another good one I will get it look at to it Money at time to get all the dead people today 10 13 at 5 60 WQM your death station for the new millennium If your old mattress is dead if it stinks if it's worn out of its lumpy and bumpy You know over a million people about mattress the smart way over the phone for my good friends at dialometrist and hundreds more are doing it every week Because this is the simply intelligent way to get you a name brand mattress They can have a big impact on your life because when you have a great dialometrist You're gonna wake up feeling refreshed your ridiculous yet a great night sleep call 1 800 ma t t r s right now And you will have that great night sleep for years and months to come from dialometrist I should know because I've been using them for a long time for a coon z age Call 1 800 mattress they carry silly service in King coil every size and style of the sun dialometrist is ranked number one in the world for customers And inspection they got more repeat them for all customers than anybody else because they know how to treat your right And once you buy a mattress and dialometrist I guarantee you'll never go back to a show or again wasting time money and lots of Yes, too and don't forget when you buy a mattress and dialometrist They take away the crappy old smelly bedding and set up the brand new one for free you heard right dialometrist sets up the new one takes away the old bedding for free So make that call now that we knock it on the door once convenient for you very damn soon You'll be enjoying great night sleep as soon as tonight 1 800 mattress 1 800 ma t t r e s Oh Yeah is Delpating you who was pity, all the need is to Teresa, me and my fairy so kiss, got to get married And the fairy and each, gone again married Still Hanging home now, just got to get married And the fairy and the fairy so kiss, got to get married And the fairy and each, gone again married And the fairy and each, gone again married Just what he stole for her, that's the wrong home And the fairy and the fairy so kiss, got to get married And the fairy so kiss, got to get married Still Hanging home, but just got to get married And the fairy so kiss, got to get married And the fairy so kiss, got to get married And the fairy so kiss, got to get married And the fairy so kiss, got to get married And the fairy so kiss, got to get married And the fairy so kiss, got to get married And the fairy so kiss, got to get married And the fairy so kiss, got to get married And the fairy so kiss, got to get married And the fairy so kiss, got to get married And the fairy so kiss, got to get married And the fairy so kiss, got to get married Oh yeah Jim Prochie was the other one, thank you Thank you so much See the only problem this is now we're going to have every recording artist to her ever died Oh look at this, Perkins Pancake has 17 11 North University just south of sunrise Boulevard, that's right by me, how about that? Huck, I don't know about that, good question I don't need to be going to Perkins Pancake house, because everything they have is a fatening Yeah, not like some other restaurants I'm serious per anything that I would like there, that's my point, you know, like French toast Anyway, Sonic you're all across Central Florida from Melbourne on the East Coast to Lago on a West Coast But not in Tampa, proper, Toria, yeah And Crystal, what? I knew I saw them in North Florida but you know not in Tampa Did we already hear about this or is this something new? We have a Crystal at 9-1 West sunrise on the corner of northwest 9th which is power line Summars and power lineers are Crystal? Okay, no, I think we already knew that I mean if you have to choose between going to Wayne Aril and Royal Castle Wayne might whiff some out for you A white hot, a white hot And then of course you got a crazy John So we don't want to start promoting Crystal until they spend some money Here's happy 27th anniversary, oh, do you have Bob Marley on list once Dan you'll see the know What we do now? Bob Marley, man I don't want to put all the Debbie courting artists because that'll be a very long list I think Robert and Buddy Holly Yeah, Richie Vailons Right? Right? I mean see the question is what's already depth during your lifetime and the greatest impact on you? I can't see that the big Bobber had a great impact on anybody unless of course you were shantilly laced If you did that then I can understand it So let's not get to... how about Royal Aril? Huh? You walked over the other grunt like a repart Like I said how about Royal Aril? Oh! That's a big boy Aril You think? Yeah, I was crying over that What was that because you were to silly glasses? I'm telling you one thing, every good pull, who was earlier, Royal Aril's in the beast? A lot of it, I bet your word of bug got laid more than the beast Oh thank you Moses, sure the best baby. I love Moses Yes, you can do that Okay, we will only be cutting your close Monday It's only like a... What? You said you had another week? Right? Right? Well it's not cutting at that close Well if I have to depend on remember to get something done I mean you know he's... No, seriously, he didn't be good with the doctors But as far as anything else I just can't count on him He just you know, shine me the whole time he was here just for the was 40 below zero outside He's just uh, he's not what he used to be And I'll plus he's sick He's under the weather What did he used to be? T- Now he's cheap and sick Anyway how we're listening on the internet says although he probably won't get a lot of OAS Canison, of course sure I mean not that we like him or anything you do understand You've heard about those subliminal self-help tapes that help you learn while you sleep Great idea, but who knows if they really work? Now decibel house is proud to present the self-help tape library that's guaranteed to work It's Sam Canison's quick study cosets Hey you want speech banish K-passer Ah, wait a minute No don't stress come on count you moron Yes, it's a proven technique the army is used for years It'll week you'll not only be speaking Spanish you may have forgotten English And there are hundreds of other self-help tapes like how to lose weight Hey you want to slim down you loser then stop me like a pig The Sam Canison tape library can help you quit smoking stop fidgeting relax more Don't worry be happy so get ready for bed and get ready to learn fast with Sam Canison's quick study tapes The message is loud and clear Have I right the check out right now? No, I'll put your money Pent 24 to 50 here's one of them says how about princess die Don't get in the Mercedes No princess die We're begging please pop a rotsie's coming after you You gonna crash through a wall No rich guy for you Princess die Princess die Princess die She's really going into a tunnel Hello And what about two packs now see last time we did like did recording artists We left two pack off and the brothers got upset about that so be sure to put two pack on there Okay, if we put two pack on then we got to put biggie on as well Biggie smalls Yeah, how about biggie Wilson notorious PIG no Taurus BIG and two pack shicor Yeah Anyway, so we're gonna we are putting princess die in there don't tell me no I didn't say that yeah, you did What did I say that I don't know oh and I see here. Oh look at this I can't handle this now. This is gonna I open up a Pandora's box and it's stunk Man, time to take a bath Pandora. I'd be happy and should be on your list as Ken I think so why not look at all the dead people so little time I'll tell you another one that I would like to put on here now I didn't realize what a good category this was And one that I actually might vote for if I had a chance well So many great actors who are dead, you know Right, I'm not sure if they would em hold on us on my favorites and Peter Finch Maybe should have broken it down, huh Just when we discovered him over on the side of the pod Peter Finch Time is mad and out Right, right, but I'm not putting all those on her I'm just mentioning and passing there's so many possibilities And remember where there are a lot of Finches Comfort bowguard long before Greg Ree was walking up a non-ahol roll and those balls in his hand Comfort bowguard was doing it on a keen eye muting I still can't think of that actor in that movie who just Oh, see a good looking guy. I know he's dead. I went he died that impacted me. I wish I would have known about it Also, what's his name? Brandon to will be He's a tear to my eye. Hey, died. Oh, you know what will be was on speaking of that Shane Shane was on which I had never seen a very Cooper And Brandon who holds about what three years old and then will be something like that I don't know every time I mentioned Brandon to will I guess I should do it this claim or because I'm not really in a three year old little boys But you're talking about the older Brandon we understand I'm talking about all fall down like with them what's his name Carl Maldon But you should see Shane it's historical and more and baby school is big penis I should see Shane it's a classic they made us watch it in school. I don't watch cowboy movies It's different though. It is and it was not about four times over the weekend That's when I saw little pieces of it. So often ripped off so many you know things come from that movie Jack Palin says in it I mean, it's just a you know watch it. I'll watch it. I'll watch you just to make you happy. After I watch charshank redemption and I'll forget charshank. Yeah, Audrey Hepburn. Let's see Sabrina Roman holiday breakfast at Tiffany's says thanks. Can we put her on a just for you? Cancel be sure both for Audrey Hepburn Even though it does date a lot of us because the number people in the audience who the house Audrey Hepburn who's that Who that you're doing a lot of names out there how many of these are actually going on the list like Peter Finch is going on right? No no, okay No, no, I'm logging into ones that I wrote and the Jim Morrison Morris give Tim Horton Freddy Prince Mister Rogers Jim Crochi Bob Marley Roy Orbison Sam Kinneson two pack princess dying Ours BIG and Audrey Hepburn. Okay, good got it got it didn't let's go for neah. We're building the list to go to be a big And I'll say you one thing the guy that was talking about Dale Earnhardt. Yeah See I understand where he's coming from okay, but the fact that I'm at a risk this isn't country kiss If this is he's on a wrong station and the wrong audience, Dale Earnhardt does have six But this isn't exactly the Dale Earnhardt audience if he gets my drift hey, it's racing and you know what that means They're not heavy-do-do. Oh, no not too much Not my people 1027 at 560 WM audio homeowners out there there are a few things worse in the world Then going out to the back for an ice-refishing swim you look into the one's beautiful pool and say holy crap this looks like how the world came to an end in my pool It's stained as dirty. Maybe it's cracking. Maybe he have a big crack Crack dome problem. Well, don't look at that mess anymore just say no mole ugly pool and call our good friends in Atlantic Marseille Now these guys aren't pool guys. We have a little pickup truck and then run a cleaning service Then promise you're gonna do a pool for it. Oh, these are a real construction company who use full-time employees Not subcontractors. You just got off a banana boat Atlantic Marseille specializes in the most incredible innovation at the pool business Diamond Bright Atlantic Marseille's been pouring it on for 12 years. They're licensed. They're insured professionals They even train other companies internationally how to do diamond writing and do it right and they'll give you the same price to give to the contractors How can you beat that they service North Miami, Broward and Palm Beach counties so call Atlantic Marseille The biggest installers a diamond right anywhere in town. They'll come our team give you a free estimate They also do pool and deck renovations custom lighting pool heating and exotic water features too But a best job in the universe call Atlantic Marseille toll free 1-800-558-883 Be sure to tell that old Neil Torden to call 1-800-558-8883 Diamond Bright through it right because diamond bright as a pool's best friend Oh, they don't come any better than Neil Roberts Oh, come back to the highly dated and full-hour that David is old. Hey, I want about that last book, eh? Why sure I know when I came in here. I put this toy on the map. You're the greatest mold Guess how bright can you why I'm the cat me how? Now this is course for a little cerebral celebration Yeah, I'm going to tell you just what I'm going to do What's up, ma'am? I'm going to go tell that hole and take a dump right in front of the door and that pipe smoke is studio That's right. I'm going to go to go to school and leave a little souvenir for our jokinadian faggot friend Did it right there on the carpet another thing before I go I would like to propose a toast to our success Look what Bring to my holy Charlie call us. I mean my holy Charlie But it's a drink Are you you sleep in a my important power? No, I'm not going to break the neck down from the loins are greatness That's it I'm going to jump this Yeah Where's that stuff? What are you? What are you doing? Is that are you? You're looking at ball d-been I'm going to get these ones piled up. I'm straight There's a show that Johnson you can cook Hey, what's going on? I'm going to mind looks like some kind of spaceship or a strip of joy Hey, I can't move. Hey, oh, great boy I don't have the allow me out of these things You are to be broken I'm going to be broken You're going to be broken I'm sorry that it has been in search probe I'm sorry something you know I'm going to be in vibration I'm going to be in vibration How are you please? Bring me to the camp on real men don't have the babies Maybe that's a fucking it What Bring it up I'm going to be in charge of you I'm going to be in charge of you Bring my nature Would you put me in space? Why I have you know you can't I'm going to be in charge of you 23560 WCM happy Thursday 2 279 votes on air in John Lundon's got 75 He's got a third of the votes Are you believe in that? Yeah, absolutely Which celebrity death during your lifetime had the greatest impact on you John Lundon 75 Elvis only 25 small potatoes Elvis Phil Harvin 20 John Bolushi 19 Day of our hard 15 Kurt Cobain 15 John Candy 10 And it's a single to just after that And I did forget how could we forget Harry Kiri Let's see a Ra Y by the way Carlos C.A. Ra Y How could we forgotten Harry? Well there's so many dead people you know Right in fact what we're going to do is just make a list of all the dead people Payne new Fuck you I mean that's celebrities just everybody who's dead We can kill off about three years with that pull It says new will hate this but please put Stevie Ra Vaughan on list thanks Jack You got a jack what's the problem with this Stevie Ra Vaughan I got it down already and Harry Kiri And why the hell not? Huh? Can't put all the dead people under Do we put where Elvis and I are not? Yeah We did? Oh yeah we did Right we put five volume in the sand Can't get us metal peaches that we're very Nice glasses Ready, mama Walking down the street Pretty warm run Don't have any Rick Nelson up here got all done Are we on a play Rick Nelson did we put him on there? No, I did Okay, so the answer is yes, yes we did And why not? Could you didn't say it? Well I just said it Rick Nelson What about William Pendeks? Oh All the dead people all the time And so little time to put him on there Because one of these days probably not too far in the distant future Some of us will be on list too You know what I'm saying Larry? I bet you do Former Fort Myers pre-sentence for sexual abuse A former Catholic priest who had been living in Fort Myers Florida was sentenced to nearly two years in prison Wednesday for a decade-old Moldustation case John Maurice Jan Deloni Ah 55-fleet-a-gildy-de-de-sexual contact A conduct with a minor for abuse of a 16-year-old boy 1979 He had originally put a gildy-de-de-de-de-de-duk counts One of those counts was dismissed Wednesday He was sentenced to serve one year in Temptants in prison Three years probation During a hearing yesterday, Jan Deloni Apologies to the victim Benjamin Kulina and I-39-year-old police officer And outspoken critic of the priest Mr. Kulina, I'm sorry You have every right in the world to be angry with me Jan, I tried to get in the line to let me set in court I do hope you forgive me for your sake in mind Jan Deloni left the priesthood years ago His now married and has a child in Florida He was arrested for the 1979 case in December 7 years after the incident in Phoenix involving Colleen at Jandalini was transferred to a Chandler church where Thoreysa was caught abusing a 15 year old boy. He served six months in that case as a registered sex offender but now he's guys murdered as a child in Florida. Alright, that makes him okay not on it. Sure, good. Thank God for that. 560-505-60 on a AT&T if it's good enough for Area Fleshier it's good enough for Father Jandaloni. Here's the call from Papano hello. Hey Nio I got a war protest on for you and a suggestion for your pole. Okay. The monkeys. George may not be happy but a lap train in Clark's bill was a protest on. I like the monkeys. What do you talk about? The last train in Clark's bill was a protest on? Yeah. He was. I think he's right. Well, it had something to do with the guy taking off for the atmoms. Oh, you know something as many times as I've ever been because I never took in the music seriously. I never really paid attention to lyrics or what it was about. So I'm going to play that in a few minutes, George. Right? Where is it? I don't know. A suggestion for your pole although it didn't affect me at all with JSTK Junior. He wasn't a politician. Yeah. I'll work about that. It seemed like a lot of people, you know, it got wilder. Yeah, I guess you're right. We have to put it on and they made a big stimulus about a JSTK Junior. You're right. Alright, I have to go ahead and thank you. Last train to Clarksville was a protest song. Now that I think about it. Which, just like you said, I never thought about it because it didn't monkey. You know, and a monkey's music was on like fun and games. It was like, you know, I mean, there were like shades of grey head a little bit of shade of this and shade of that. Pueced. Huh, I'll be gosh danged. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Now do we have JSTK Junior on there? I just wrote it down. Going. I'm talking about how we doing this. I don't care how you do it. Yeah, a lot of different ways. Just get them all on there. It's all I ask. A lot of people would know votes. Tony, how did Tony Perkins give on there? You must have said it. How I did that was just a joke. If you thought it. Tony Perkins get out of there. This list will have 7,000 names. If he's there putting people like that on there. I mean, it's had 100 was a little choked up on it. And is that too? He said he gagged on it. Get Tony Perkins off of there. Hey Carlos, get her straight. No, what do you place? Every name that we even just don't say any names unless you wanted to go on a list. It's like, no, seriously. He'll slap it on there. He's panicking now. I think that was my fault. I said that one out to him. Oh, shmuck. Little beiner boy. You notice that, Clark, Sarah and St. working to get you any dates. Thank God. Because he does rip self. So that dating was didn't help the beast. You know, that J.D. Yeah, that didn't help. So now we're going to drop out on the air. If it's these. Find a beauty for the Beast promotions as Clarence Hank is trying to find the beast of girls. So here's the deal. Why doesn't necessarily have to be a girl? You know, you're like a furry animal. Could it be like something alive? He could know where that's standards. Any female over the age of 21 should log on to wqam.com. Just click on the prostitution link. So a lot of the question there that the beast is provided for you and email him your picture. Wqm panel of judges will, This is the silliest thing ever heard my life. A QM panel judges will narrow the field to 10 fine was for a live broadcast. March 26th at Gaspis in Davy. They'll narrow the field. I think anything he's going to find is probably standing out in the field right now being Milked. That night live on Hank Goldberg show the 10 fine was will appear in the beast. We'll find his beauty and a trip for two to the Bahamas. Right. Wow. Good luck to you man. I mean, you know, we just don't want to hurt his feelings. And tell me's a fat little waddling tunnel. We look very well. And he couldn't get laid in the horror house. So good luck to him. Now, Clarence, what's his excuse? I mean, he's not fat. Right. He's not good looking. But he's not there plenty of ugly or people in him in the building including some of us. I mean, I know the answer. Gay. Is that what you were going to say? No, I was going to say sports or gay. Or maybe the two go together, you know. Gay. Guys who hang out in the locker room together. That might have something to do with it. You'll think Clarence is, uh, no, I don't. Well, 20 to 11 at 560 W. Q. Way me did take quite a shine to, um, Miguel, I know that. Funny made him program director. In fact, the first thing he did was go up to the, uh, Lionel Playworld by him and director said. 20 before 11 at 560 W. Come, we got the mad dog and one hank from three both from the derail. Golf herments. Or all those big stars are not playing. Hey guys, if you spent the entire year last year avoiding mirrors like Dracula, here's the answer for you. Yeah, that was really great. That can't be a spanish language version of Dracula the other day. And Professor about helping open up that little thing with the mirror in it. And he like, yeah, I like that. And he just reached out with his cane and just broken the women in pieces. Anyway, call Charles Alpere and you can look in the mirror again. You won't have to worry about that big, clear that bald spot that makes it look like the sun is reflecting off your dome. For over 25 years now, my good buddy Chuck Alpere has been making me look really great because he knows here, he knows how to make it look real. The natural hairline system is the latest technology in the world. And all these other fakers who keep trying to put their all their goods for get about them. You've seen the product of their work. These are the guys that you laugh at. They've rolled on a floor just holding your sides and laughter. Like, mold with those silly things, those furry animals crawling around on top of his head. So if you want to call today, be sure to mention your Rogers because they'll not turn a box off the regular price for mentioning my name. And Charlie can make you look better and younger than you thought you've ever could again. No obligation. If you set up a free consultation, the situation has done a show how that he works and they show you how much better and younger they can make you look again. I think you'll choose to be doing it. Call true free 1-800-3-2-1-2413 and get you some great look and hair back from Charles Alpere. 1-800-3-2-1-2413 or log onto their website at CharlesAlpere.com. The final episode of the series is for 205-16. You way, yeah. In other words, they've done that to me again, huh? Yes. Another crank and other phony rejoined. Nice going, Eric Lawrence. Why they have people on Bob and Brown? The sea on the queue is boy and down. My car is fast. My teeth is shining. I tell all the girls they can kiss my hands. Welcome. Here I am at a famous school. I'm present sharp and I'm acting cool. I got a cheerleader here once they help with my face. But they're too old to work. And maybe they're the main thing. The rain, my life. And the American dream. I do not think I'm too extreme. I know my hands on some of the fish. I'm going to get a good job and we will reach. You can get a good game. Women's will, a race on the game. Freed with all the cross and they're down. I tell you a piece of applause. I was not breathed here around. But this day, by the name of the greater. Some emails, little speech then. All she tried to make you say when. She had the ball, then, a nice punch. If I get some feel of the loss, but now it's just your play. Oh god, I am the American dream. But now I smell like bad police and I love invisible son of a bitch And my heart is a lady, I don't know which is I want the one that I want the one So what went out and bought me a leisure suit I'd jingle my chain, but I'm still packin' you Gotta just do a radio, come home And none of the jaskin' even tell I'm a whole lot If that's when being a friend So I'd drifted along, if it hasn't now I can think about an hour on the tower of power A long as I guess, so little ghosts are a world Gotta empty American dream For the stimulant I'd let till it makes me scream And I'll do anything to get a hand I'll leave it night soon as thank you friend Oh, God, oh, God, I'm so fantastic Thanks to British, I'm essential, fast To get my name is Bob de Grown Light me now, oh, Bob de Grown Light me now, oh, Bob de Grown Light me now, oh, Bob de Grown Oh, right 1048 at 5.60, he's goin' down One last time, Frank Zappas death was a major blow Says the Phil No one could ever match his genius Bob, musically and politically I don't think he'll ever be given proper credit But then again he didn't give a Schmidt about leaving behind a legacy That was sober freshing in the face of all the self-serving ego maniacs Still alive today Sadly, Frank Zappas wasn't concerned about his smoking Which probably killed him, RIP, Phil Plus if you could please play dumb all over Well, you know, see Phil, I hate to break the news to me It's not like we have this library of all these CD Actually, we do We do have that? All we have a library of all these CD We have dumb all over? I don't know Oh, Bob de Grown, which I'd rather hear than dumb all over When you any day, any day Okay, there you go, Phil, take it and like it Live from Denver, here's a facts from Jerome At the Heavenly Day's brewery, who says, let me know if you need some beer I hate you, dear Top three list his favorite dead-out, I don't think any of these are gonna make our list But he says the great one, Jackie Gleason, what do you say? Eh, eh? Wasn't he great? The great one? He was great, I saw him sitting down there right by the window A pompot park one night, many, many, many years ago He was a big racing fan And he used to sit right there, father glass Did him ought to be bothered to mind anybody near him He can be considered a local celebrity What? Don't we have a video that we have? He did the show on Miami Beach and he lived there any idea I don't think we want to put him on, are doing? He was fat Andy Kaufman And something hurt, I mean we like sunny a lot But let's get serious Okay Should we get serious? No What's so evident that during your lifetime Had the greatest impact on you Greatest impact, see I don't think that our friend, Jerome or whatever's name is out there and Denver gets it But if he easily don't 560, 750, 560, pound, 560 on a AT&T line Here's the list so far, I mean, yeah, we could put like I said every dead person in history That's a kill some good time, that's not the idea Had the greatest impact on you Blue you away You said, oh crap, not so and so And you notice we haven't had one woman collar on his today, see this doesn't require rocket science Not one woman collar, if you notice that we're like halfway through the show Right Well our women supposed to be the more emotional ones Our women supposed to be like real, they're emotional, alright His steracle, I think is the word is not emotional Elvis, John Lennon, Kurt Cobain, Phil Hartman, George Harrison, Chris Farley, John Katie I guess about her tell people what they got John Lennon 88, Dale Earnhardt 32, he's creeping up the list He's got his foot, he's got the pedal of the metal baby Elvis 28, Phil Hartman 25, John Malushi 20, Kurt Cobain 20 John candy 14, Jerry Garcia 12, and pain's stored has got 10 Are you buying that? No, pain's stored, your cooperation Yeah, one of this true is you got the big-drault tournament I just want Peter Allison all the way to America and go on to one of the cup teeth We are 22, thank you very much Yeah great By the way, there are pain still surfing around Look, oh, it's playing The ghost point is still up there, surfing around, waiting to come down 560, 560, pound 560, and that's bad, that's very insensitive I know, that's hard, yeah, that's me Here's plantation, hello Yes, hello, who morning? Yes sir Yes, I don't have one for you, I have a house Okay, let's open the room, let's talk about it He's been here for a while Robert told me, back when I was a big-powered fan Two-zmider fact, yes, he died in that plank crash In the plank crash, he was bringing foot to people in Nicaragua after the earthquake Right, I've been in Pago here Do you got a month? Thank you Robert told me, I'm tired, I'm tired, I'm tired, I'm tired I don't have to be a wife, I'm tired, I'm tired Bob Prince, now we can't put everybody down Robert told me, I'm lost, don't you? I don't want to put too many athletes on here What about Mickey Man, pull huh? Mickey Man, oh baby, what about Joe Ramazio? Yeah, we're about him He was a prick, Joe Ramazio? Not well-liked I mean, he was in town of the prick, he was in town of the way And also speaking of Merlin Rewind and she married all those ugly guys She was a slut, in case you hadn't heard No, no, why did she marry ugly guys? That's not a question why was he asked her Arthur Miller, right? He never had any author, right? Good, God was he grotesque and Joe Ramazio You didn't watch all those bios on her? Yes, I've seen him in my many times But my prime that's not the question of whether she was a slut The question is why did she marry? She could have any kind of worlds about it And she married all these really nasty, looking ugly guys She never told anyone no, one has sex, one gets married, sure, one out What about Bobby Kennedy? Sure, that's right, he had a wife in about 40 kids And still 560, 505, 60, pound 560, all the AT&T and Verizon, wireless line Joe Ramazio, the Aki clip, or what do you say, yeah? I don't think so Well, we got Thurman Gettem Munson on there Who? Thomas Thurman Munson He's a bore, yeah Thurman Munster We could put her Munster on there We went dead, bull was on there What about Ray Bluth and what was that guy's name? Buddy Bomar, they're probably dead Who? What about the guy from Syracuse, Marty Perrino, the old left hander? Let's start doing some bowling talk Let's get Gary Sibel on to show to do some bowling talk Now we're talking, forget about all this other crap Forget about golf And I will say this, you know, bowling Yeah It may not be very exciting to watch But it's your more exciting than golf I'll say this about bowling It's played in a bar There you go, that's right There's a bar You're bowling I don't have to like, wow Around out there, pretend that you didn't exercise Just wandering my mind I'm like in staggering here I'm damn old, another That whole golfing man, it leaves me limp It makes me sick It makes me embarrassed to be a member of the human-friking race Is golf The people who play it, the people who watch it, the people who talk about it Oh my god And we're out at D'Ralalus way We went freaking golf And I noticed that we have to keep a apologizing Well, Tiger is not here, and Nicholson's not here And VJ is saying he's singing somewhere for his supper Nobody's here And then they go through a whole bunch of names and people are saying Who? What? And that's because it's a sponsored deal I'll tell you again, you know, we're doing It's your grave robber station That's what we are, we're radio-ish Before we sure will take anybody's money If they're going to have to give it to us Here's a call from I'my Lake, hello Hey Neil, you wasn't He's psychic, sir I'm a huge Chicago cups fan And I'm surprised you haven't mentioned Harry Gary Yeah Harry Gary, and also Oh, anybody? I just got to talk about Harry Oh, you did up sorry Hey Neil, fuck you There you go And one more person, lamb chops, mama, sure, and Jerry Lewis Jerry Lewis Jerry Lewis You were emotional when Jerry Lewis died Yes, because I can't hear lamb chop anymore Okay Woo What about, uh, what's his name? Edgar Bergen Right? And for you, you're gonna be no Charlie McArthur Or more to more snored anymore But if you're Edgar Bergen, I want to see your wenshes Sideite So right Like him, way better than Edgar Bergen We're not putting no, uh, only little mines like Matty Bell Tiny mines Tiny mines like Matty Bell Well, Matty Bell still alive It's hard to tell with Matty Bell But he's still alive Thanks Bob Eisenberg for that piece of copy And by the way, you're okay in our book He would, and Bob Eisenberg, butch stuff Thanks to us What a new hair, even though he thinks I'm an F&n asshole And all of the other crap I don't know what Tom Layman would think about that If he knew that Bob Eisenberg was running around A building going at Neil Rogers, what an F&n asshole I think I've been to the top lane But would be too happy with that Why? I think he considers the source I mean, Tom, I probably say, what do we do with a piece of crap That's running around a building going Neil Rogers and F&n a piece of whatever You know what I'm saying? Yeah Remember that in godfather's three We did a piece of crap like that that goes around Say a Michael Coral, he only is an F&n, whatever Or F-Michael Coral, what's that the line? Right Joey's eyes on man, that's what we do Gonna send him a message 1056 at 560 WQM We're specializing in dead people today Because we got to work on a very soon And you know, when you have a war, you know what you have Dead people? A lot of dead people, that's right Four minutes before I'll have an QA Let me tell you right now, if your carpets look like somebody died I'm maybe they smell like a whole bunch of things died on him Possible Because everything gets into your carpet You step on it, you walk across it, you grind all that schmutz and crap into it And your animals do all sorts of amazing things Even mode dropped to pile a quarter of that one bit So get dry concepts in there to make them look and smell and feel and be Just like brand new, not look just new But actually be brand new because they suck out even the deepest dirt in there Way down in the fibers of your carpets and they make your carpets exactly like brand new Dry car concepts technicians are schooled and certified by the Institute of Inspection Thating and Restoration which means they really know their crap inside and out They leave your carpet soil free, vibrant and cutters smelling Lemon-e fresh after the touch they dry in a couple of hours That's one of the reasons I've been used in for over 20 years My home is because they do such a super job and they'll give you guys a written guaranteed price Before they start doing a job So whether it's time to clean your carpeting your area of your rugs, your post-releather furniture It's time for dry concepts If you have a problem with pet odors or milled rollers caused by water damage Just like magic to make those disappeared too So your tears suck to try these folks was because you'll never call anybody else again That's guaranteed Caled ride concepts tool free time that old the authority to try them 1-800-2-4-8-507-1-1-800-2-4-8-507-1 Or log onto their website and see what it's all about Dry concepts.com Don't forget when you called dry concepts you can clean today Enter Tain tonight Fly and local We are sports video 560CWM You can get a lot of it 560CWM The Rogers sports old radio WQA Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah What work did you say? Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah You're a fans, isn't it? Silly Silly second No Yes Most of it is punishable<|no|>I produiser<|no|>I gain det I�� estilo Very long Nah I just already can tell Moe Ohologists, lombards, lombards, lombards, lombards chopped tons and so good. Blood and blood are now loaded with poison, lombards added a little flame. with the embora right also you never be the one of my 60 w comun solid here at w but you're anyway his effects the size The banana cast. Van Blokker, Michael Andon and Lauren Green. I don't think we're going to put any of them on it. Michael Andon maybe, huh? Maybe. Because of his repertoire. Because he was done so many different things. The house in the fury and. Right. Yeah. And what about Uncle Milty? What about Louis the Lionlack Milton Burrell? Whatever. He was Mr. Television. I understand. You don't think? Did his desk come suddenly? For some of us. It's not a question about how that came or not. It was like a no surprise to anyone. That's not the point. That we were not asking how the death came. But it was like suddenly for his wife shot. We could still have any death during your lifetime at the greatest impact on you. Uncle Milty was like, you know, for a lot of us. How about George Burns speaking of them? Yeah. How about Red Skull? Yeah. Red Fox. Yeah. But as a cast. I think that we have to draw the line somewhere. Okay. We draw the line. We draw the line at nine. Here's what it says how about the Esther also the Challenger. I was playing hokey from a school. I was watching the launch live. It was such a big thing because the teacher was on board. Thanks as Gill and Homestead. Well, it was the Challenger was very sad. Remember the school teacher's name? Christom of Colour. Yeah, it's right. Very good. Well, if he's to play with the Detroit Tigers. Remember him? No. Oh, well, we're not putting her on either. Let's see. Here's the fact that says there are Sonics in Britain, Tindlachlan and Orlando when they're kicking ass. Huh, surprisingly good. I didn't think anything of it until I went there. Really? Yeah. I think I'm thinking ever so on. Fixed slices of bacon and like they butter the buns and it's just just good. That's why they're not in South Florida, right? Talking about earnhardt, it says the Yahoo's up here even have personalized checks with the remembering a legend slogan in his number three. Of course, they bounce like a stock car off the wall. That says cleanly. There you go. That's bad. Like a stock car off the wall. Very insensitive Glenn. Excellent. And he's moving to the second place. I'd like that even though it's not your Yahoo station. It is John Lens. Got 92. Dale Earnhardt's got 32. Elvis only 30. Philharp in 26. Peter Cobain 22 and John Belushi 21. What about South Pete's Johnny Versace? Is everybody, uh, sure? No. What are you going? Sure. Did I ever get one call about that? No. Never got one call about Johnny Versace. Okay. I'll give you an accent. Huh? You got a fax about it. Saying what? Did he with one of yours? Oh. What a shock that is. Next, I'll be picking on Calvin Klein. 560, 050, 50, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Don't forget tonight from 6 to 8. Joel Mark will be out of pro player stadium for the Maroonie Auto 10 sale. Stop by the spin to prize wheel for tickets. Spin to feel. And you might get tickets to see the heat, the canes, or the four championships in the rail, but all those big names. They're not there for this big in a big off-term. At the speed of the wheel, big deal. When people used to play there, somebody heard of. 10, 050, the 560, WQM, were just a roll-in-long here. And I got so much crap too. And I'll never get to any of it. Go to our website and find all the crap. Okay. Look at Paul the crap. We got about 30, right? That time is the reason. There's a call from my mama. Hello. How you doing Neil Long time no talk? Yes, sir. It's all my mama. Yes, sir. I got a Spireyport in a name. Okay. The Spireyport is on your, on the internet. I listen on the internet. And I'll listen to the Mad Dog the other day. Yeah. Now, when the commercial comes on, silence. When Mad Dog's on, the commercial comes on, Mo Howard is on. Oh, no. Oh, yeah. Are you kidding me? I swear I would lie to you. That's a fake worst in death. I'm telling you now, because, oh, Lord, it's bad. Anyway, the name is Ronnie Banzan from Leonard Skinner. Ronnie Banzan. Leonard Skinner? Okay. That's the name and he closing. Such common pilot. Okay. Now, we're not putting him on there. Are we running Vansan? I heard you want my opinion? No. Okay. I'll put him on there. I mean, he's entitled and plus we don't get all that many calls from why mama. We don't hear prayer from him that often. Why? The answer is no. 560, 560, pound 560 on the 18th. There's no point in putting people on here. I'm going to get any votes. I mean, he'd get like one or two. What's the point? We can have a many people on here. We get one or two votes. Right. I mean, we want to start doing all that. See, I'm maybe I didn't do this right. You know, we've done musicians before. We should have narrowed it down probably. But at least this way, we'll kill four good hours. Because there's so many like, if you were just to do actors and actresses, just movie star people, you could just do actors and then actresses and that's such a earnest vordnined. He's dead. Feel solvers. You don't think or as vordnined is dead. I don't know. Look at up Carlos. Please. You always looked at, but you know, I said, look it up. Little vener boy. Oh, Ernest Borgman must be. He's got to be dead. But about Dean Martin, what about him? What about Jerry Lewis? He's still alive, but yeah, boy, just hanging on. I saw another picture yesterday that disease he's got that illness. His face is like, oh, my his head is almost as big as the beast and Joe Rose almost. Maybe Joe has Jerry Lewis disease. You ever think about that? No. So possibility. He's in proportion. Joe Rose. The rest of the year. His head is as big as him apartment buildings. I saved the rest of the week. I like the wee week. Yeah. Except for that. 560560 on the AT&T line. Here's a call from beautiful candle. Hello. Neil God. Yes, sir. He forgot the best. The blue guitar player ever. Chenakins. TV Ray Vaughan. He's on there. Is he? He's on there. Well, I guess he's, uh, I thought you were going to say, BB King, but he's still taking his bloodshairs. You know, it, it is so spying us that they can't play that, uh, that kind of leads the song. I love that song. Yeah. We miss it. Love the show, Neil. That's the best we can do. All right. Think of everything. Yeah, with a little muzzle on. Throw it away. I got an idea. How about if I do the whole show that way every day? Okay. And we can do the billboards that can have pictures of us with like muzzles over our face like like at the Greyhound track, you know? I'll send you up one of those red rubber balls. Oh, no, we got that in Greg's mouth right now. By the way, Neil. Yes, we're going to steal a life. Oh, my God. I'll hit him with five shots. And he's still alive. 1417. Yeah, I make him like 83 and six is like 88 89. And some like that 86. He's waiting for them to make that Michaels Navy movie. What do I say? He was 86. Like I said, yeah, he's still alive. And it's broken out. Well, that's good. We got to have a few of us all far. Still hang it around. What about Elizabeth Montgomery? See, we've done those. I don't want to do all of those again, you know? I did something wrong on this thing. It's like coming on glued now. You know, two all inclusive. Yeah. We should have narrowed it down a little bit. Well, we'll just decide. We'll be arbitrary. We'll decide if we like it, you know, you say it. And if we like it, yes, and if not too bad, you lose. So it works. It's kind of like the way the president works. You know, you don't like it. Yeah, for the rest of the world. They're putting out a dog and pony show. They're going to give a couple more days. And then they're going to do this resolution thing. And it would pass us fine. And if not, well, that's fine, too. You know, we want to try to make it look good as probably the most possible. But in the meantime, all the inspections thing has been doing as a dog and pony show just to give us time to put all the pieces together in place. Lacing, that's going to be it. We're going to hit him hard. We're going to hit him fast. We're going to hit him from all sides upside down inside out. That's going to be it. But I'm being. And at the meantime, the media is on here. I'll pontificate any buck. I'll peep. You know, it's just killing a lot of time. Like we're doing here today. That's what we're here for just to kill a lot of time. Much wants to get in one of mind. You president for saying he's going to have a new conference tonight at 8 p.m. Eastern archivage. Well, my guide, you ready for that? Yeah. El Presidente, news conference, eight o'clock tonight. I think he might drop the big one tonight. Right on Helen Thomas's forehead. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hello, near. Yes, sir. That's the question for the poll. What about Carol O'Connor? Carol O'Connor is great. That should have been a first name that came to my mind. Thank you. Sir, you have a nice day. And you too, thank you. And he's, uh, it calmed me for get him. Old. Well, drugs is my excuse. Well, what do you mean old? Your old and, uh, I'm high. Oh, that's why we forgot the statement that you have to be old. Remember, Carol O'Connor? No. Everybody, I don't know anybody who didn't like Carol O'Connor. Saturday night on CBS. Eat it, if he's back from the end. It's good. 20th anniversary of all of the family. Oh, rookie, dear. If you need John, tell the weird. Daddy, don't be such a fool. She's not one that happened to my little girl. Look at you. Why don't you push yourself away from the table, huh? Maybe you have a salad once in a while. Daddy, don't you know how many of the world's people have never had a decent meal? Again, with the charity sweetheart. Well, it's true. Those white-on-she-send them to bone from the turkey you had for breakfast. What a fool. Why do you want to get off sale? Very bad. If I thought she was pushing her days, you'd mind. Oh, no. Watchy. The last episode was gonna be a treat. It seems so bad to me. But what was your back, Abby? First to dig off. We can get me in at a beer. Oh, wow. A floating of animals. Where you all in the family. Saturday night on CBS. Brought to you, but I be as home-carous bond in school. Where you can learn auto-macamics, gut-recarous, all-sabbed. All-sabbed. Well, I think this list could have 50,000 names not to be before we get done, you know it? Yeah. Where you going? Come on, let's come back. All right. What a pussy. Just relax, Carlos. Oh, no. Oh, no. I'm losing stuff here. I'm losing CDs. I'm losing this. I'm all over the place. Well, that's a way, Carlos. I'm losing my mind. Joe Strummer from the clash, it says. Huh? Yeah, well. Says, uh, singer with something to say. Right. I don't think about that one. I don't think I liked them. I like the clash. Yeah. How about River Pinos? You tell me. Didn't impact my life. Drug-o-deed and howl-beed 1993. Pinos didn't impact your life? No. Cheryl, that is the most hilarious and appropriate bit I've ever heard. I don't know what's when she's talking about the new- the- Oh, she's talking about, right? But, uh, thank you. Oh, name was fit. Let's see for the sportsholds Walter Payton, Walter Payton is dead? The nicest sports superstar ever I forgot he died. For the kiddies, Bird's Hillsstrom, no more cook-la-friend and all he. Okay? You don't know Bird's Hillsstrom. I know the puppeteer. I had a puppet in this pain. Yeah. And for the rest of us, Linda Lovelay, after she died and all along, I wanted to believe that drinking, uh, would prevent cancer. I see. I'm not going to say that. No. I'm not saying that. No. Although there are a lot of seamen and sandiego. Five-thirt. What is it? Five-thirt teenage. No, my god. I told you there were a lot of my- I realized it would take us this long to get them all in here. That was a weird twig. That was weird twig. Yeah, it's five-thirt teenage Toronto. Is that like on the same time zone as we are? Yeah, that was one of our quick engineers. Why don't know that? A real rocket sign does that thing was Bob or Mooth. Anyway, let me introduce all you dog lovers. I'll throw to Bark Avenue, Pepp-Rzorten, Hollywood, Bark Avenue, Pepp-Rzorten is the only all-natural Pepp-Rzort in the universe. A beautiful 10,000 square foot facility that offers boarding, grooming, and daycare. I just wish I would have discovered them a couple of years sooner. What did just for the day? Daycare's open 7-A in the 7-PM or overnight, or for several months. Your dog will enjoy the comforts of real luxury with oversized towels, sweets with animal print beds, filtered, smelly, or sesame, free air, greater than most of your homes, I'm sure, purified water for drinking bathing and washing too. Bark Avenue's top-notch groomer's taught in Francesca offer expert cuts and all breeds, and these only the purest chemical presopes and champs, so you dog gets pampered like you only wish you could be. At Bark Avenue dogs are cooped up all day, they're like in most places, and your dog's socialize according to their size in large players on soft agility, mat flooring, and your dogs are always in the presence of a counselor while they're at play. Bark Avenue also offers feed-line boarding and their kitty condos area hammocks included. To want to take a look for yourself and see what it's all about just log on to, www.barkaftetresort.com, and take a virtual tour that allows you to look on your pet at any time when you have your pet there. Bark Avenue pet resort is located at 1400 South Federal Highway, you can call them at 9-549-25 bark. 9-549-25 bark or log on to www.barkaftetresort.com. Bark Avenue pet resort, the vacations spot that your pet will fall in love with. 9-549-25 bark and log on to www.barkaftetresort.com www.barkaftetresort.com Neil God, I didn't know he was dead. He's an American music icon, the original country punk, and now he's reaching across the Atlantic to pay tribute to England's greatest punk band. It's the best of Johnny Clash. The story of the old life in Rockin' the Casbah. The man in black is back. I'm track with a very special version of train and vein. To just stand by me. Though not at all. To just stand by me. No way. Yes, London's calling. And they're saying hello. To the best of Johnny Clash. If I go there will be trouble. And if I stay in will be trouble. Hello. This is Johnny Clash. And I shot this commercial in Reno just to watch you buy. My brand new record. So you got to let me know. Should I stay? Or should I go? The best of Johnny Clash. Look for it in the combat country section of your local record store. Hey, god, I'm late. 11IT at 5.60 WKOM. He's going to be on it. It looks pretty similar to thinking. In fact, there's a fact that says, I like the death pulls. Here's an idea for tomorrow. No, not tomorrow. Sometimes soon, but not tomorrow. Who will be the next celebrity to die? And then it's got a short list here. Famous. Ronald Reagan. Jerry Lewis. Bob Hope. Runa's Borgna. Good start. Have a Ron Reagan no call. Let's cross him off. He's a celebrity. He made movies. He made movies. That's right. That's right. He was a celebrity. He was on G.E.E. He had better idea. And then we made him the president. We got a bunch of that buster brown shoe polish. And there's another celebrity. Yes. You never know when he's going to die. Oh. What about that's right? They got Bob Hope on here. Now you're not going to put mo on there. Are you? That's bad. We don't do death wishes on our co-workers like some other people do. You know what I'm saying? People are going to talk about a bullet in the head. Things like that. Nobody thought anything about a wish. Yeah, right. You're not fooling me. Mock told me all about you. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marble Slime. How's that QA and website coming for the Beast? How's that coming on? That's you got at least a thousands of broads on there. Who is he kidding? Well, why are we even doing that? Isn't that embarrassing? Are we just doing that to humiliating the great human? Say, we went to the Hankway through this horny attic ever. This tremendously embarrassing attempt to get this guy laid and he still couldn't do it. Oh my god. No shame. No shame, Beast. Here's a lady in Alamurana. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Um, I don't think you have guilt of red none. That was a really shocker to me. That's a good choice. Yeah, I love you. Okay, thanks, we don't. Okay. Bye. You're a red none. Who was murdered Jean Wilder? Yes. And we liked both of them. And then of course, the early antigrocyton came along. And we started imitating guilty red none. I was saying we're saying a damn thing. What? Still her whole hat. Astoly act. That bitch, early antigrocyton. Man, oh man, we got some losers. Wow. Woo. Nasty. Nasty. One dimensional means spirited the hostile anti-human. Link in the as ballart. Makes me want to fart. Well, I farted in a shower last night. I mean, I've tried to shower late yesterday. Cause you know, it's good for your sinuses and the whole deal. Right. And I'm going to tell you, I, I, let loose to that. And it was the, maybe one of the most enjoyable experiences of my lifetime. Fart transcending sex transcending even a fine gourmet meal at the world's greatest The stay house. It would be a way beyond that. And I'll see if you're taking that duct tape and visc queen and sealed up the shower. Oh, I've enjoyed it. I probably still be in there. 22 past 11 at 560 WQA. And we got the golf stuff coming up later on today. We got the great golf tournaments. I still can't get over that. It's just amazing to me. How can anybody listen to that? I mean, we don't care. No, so I can invitation for people to tune out because we're at the rally. And nobody of any interest is a planner. We're getting there. We don't care. They're paying for it. Here's Evan. Sure. Hello. You're here. Great. I think I've pretty scared of one of which you've made me yesterday. Three more. Jack lemon. And what about? Who was last one? Walter Mathau. Okay. Thanks. My thing is stuck. You're staying. Yeah. But thing with that be. My back. I'm out of paper. I'm out of paper. I just put more paper. No, maybe it's just. I'm just putting it in. I'm just putting it in. Well, see, I put it in a bunch of extra. Just to cover you on it in. But I was all fixed. I tell you one thing. I have so little technical problem here. You know, it's just amazing. You think that actually had some idea what I was doing? And you think that maybe the equipment here is well maintained because I'm the one that's in charge of it as opposed to well. Anyway, here's Tracy one of our regular. She says my vote is for Fred Rogers. We did put him on there, Mr. Rogers. He getting any votes by the way. I don't know. Are we putting those other three on there? Mr. Rogers and mine's one of those. Who? No. Okay. Definitely more. Just checking. The last one I had was go the red. We got it. And arrested these people. I human. I'm saying, that's a good idea. And we just, I just nod my head. And we just go on. All right. I grabbed like Barney all along. I thought he was the molester when it was the priests. By husband and I had our first burgers from Stake and Stake last week in Lakeland. And though the shakes were great. We were shocked to find the steak burgers were horribly thin and mealy. Even worse than McDonald's or crystals. Yeah, the steak and shake burgers are on the drain. Is that indicative of their burgers? I'm afraid to say that now it is. We couldn't imagine you'd waste your. Puss on meat like that. And I won't. I got better meat than that. So anyway, just go there and get the shakes. Haven't I would say that for a long time? Yeah. Stake and shake. Let me down man. I'm the one that built them up to like everybody in their brother wanted to try it. And all of a sudden they're meat went bad. Well, I have it's the best of us. Freddie Mercury from Queen says DJ Valentine. Freddie Mercury should be on her, I guess. Yeah. We are the fact that he is champion. Freddie Mercury. Get him on there. I'll read the whole list of what I got here. And maybe some of the are not on her yet. Okay. Thank you, Javale. I'm a little bit scared of that. Whatever you are. What celebrity death during your lifetime had the greatest impact on you. See, so again, like when somebody says the guy before I had three, it doesn't. It's not responsive to the question. We're not just asking for a list of dead people. What celebrity death during your lifetime had the greatest impact on you. Grabbed you by the nuts and twisted you around and said, holy crap. That's bad. You know? Did they get it? No, no, they never get it. Carol O'Connor. See, I think right off the bat. I'm so glad somebody called it on that. We were leaving him off. Carol O'Connor was just great. He wasn't just Archie Booker. He was, and then the sad tragic that his kid with the drugs and dying and, oh, then he had a suudegada was the drug member of supply drugs. I mean, he died a nasty death of broken man. They just, very sad. That goes to show that God works in mysterious ways boys and girls. Carol O'Connor, Elvis, John Lennon, Kirk Cobain, Phil Hartman, George Harrison. George Harrison, I do a much as he. Not anymore. He's going to got eight votes. He's right down there with Mr. Rogers and John Wayne. That's an interesting trifecta. Chris Farley, John Candy, John Boulushi, Bruce Lee, Jerry Garcia, Thurman Munson, Dale Earnhardt. Marvin Gaye, Jack Buck, Selena, John Wayne, Rock Hudson, Freddie Mercury. JFK Jr. Jim Morrison, Moris Gibb. Tim Horton. Friends, Mr. Rogers Jim Crowche, Bob Marley, where Arbison Sam Kittison, Two Pack, Princess Dino Torries B.I.G. Audrey Hepburn, Rick Nelson. Frank Zappa, Michael Landon, Milton Burrell. Stevie Ray Vaughan, Harry Carrey, Roberto Clemente, Sherry Lewis, and Guillaume Wagner. That's my list. As the right of this moment. Okay, are we on the same page? Yes. 27 past 11 at 5.60 WQM and all you guys out there no matter what anybody tells you, size makes a big difference. According to the Florida Department of Labor Computer Professionals have some of the biggest ones in the world we're talking about a paycheck. According to the state of Florida Computer Careers are among the highest paid and highest demand and fast-tracking up to you achieve they do high paying computer career in just four short months. They've got locations all over town. You'll find them in Kindle, Miami, Fort Lauderdale, and Pembroke Pines. And with the evening and weekend schedules. You'll have any excuse any more to stand at it in job. So call our friends at Fast Train and I'll spend you out working. How you can get yourself a real career with a real fat paycheck. Call 1-8-6 Fast Train. That's 1-8-6 Fast Train. They've got full-time job placement and guaranteed financing too. Call them today or check them out on the web at FastTrain.com because you can have a big impressive paycheck too when you're working in a real career with a real future. Call FastTrain today and tell them that old crap-e-neal to do to call 1-8-6 FastTrain. Line up & loss, 6-4rails of Friday-6day 2AM Didnyh Tracker? Never watched his hair or seem to have a care dome in. His name was Kirk. Now he's pushing up their Cobain. White Bindrul from his chin. Do an arrow win. Cobain. New Vado was hot and now his Kirk they ain't got Cobain. He got hot and sick but bad and he died. Oh, babe. Made a million in our never took a shower, Cobain. He's a number one hit in Heaven's big mosh pit, Cobain. He'll be elders the king and sick grunge with my thing, Cobain. So if you're filled with doubt don't take Kirk's way out, Cobain. Let's go with the Amarky. He got hot and sick, we bad and he died. Cobain. You better take a PBVieM. You're tear me up, you know it? Yeah? 1134, 26 till noon at 5.60. I'm not going to say anything, okay? Because you know what to do? I'm a crusty old fart, right? That's what I was trying to say on that spot about. Be sure to tell me that crusty old fart came up crappy, you know? It sometimes comes out crappy. Kids? Yeah? It was a little bank problem, you ever have that? Yeah. A little bank problem like when you bounce your check. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. What about Mother Teresa? Oh, like good. Whatever you may think she did, nothing but good was definitely famous. Oh yeah. You know, brainwash all those people have a hole on one of the babies so they can be starving to death and she could throw them a few bones. Hey, you know, here's some crumbs. The singing gun had a hit at least. Exactly. I rather put the singing gun on there over Mother Teresa. You got one of those she got? None. John Lennon, 112, Dale Earnhardt 37. What's the liberty death during your lifetime at the greatest impact on you? Just blew your right off your feet. Not you on your ass. Lin and 112, Dale Earnhardt 37. Elvis 36. That Dale Earnhardt thing what it's just frost my ass. Phil Hartman 31. John Malushi 25. Kurt Cobain 24. How's it going, Kurt? Jerry Garcia 17. Why can't I go to show you? I mean, what am I going to upset about Dale Earnhardt? Same kind of like John, isn't it? Jerry Garcia, Dale Earnhardt? Yeah. I don't think so. Oh yeah, this little crossover between the deadheads and the nose pictures. Yeah, nose pictures. I'm dying pot smokers with dead neck. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Go on a Thursday night to piece of often in like tonight and see that motorcycle crowd. Again, those aren't red necks. What are they? Fikers man tattoos long hair. Yeah, but see it's like the Cubans are the redness. You would understand there's a great deal of similarity. I understand more than anyone trust me. At first blush, let's see, Volushy 25, Jerry Garcia 17. John Candy 15 and painstower painstowered his tide with John Candy with 15 and Chris Farley's only got 11. Oh my god, what kind of a crowd are we got? It's getting dangerous in here. We have a... Forks? Crowd. Yeah. That's right. We shouldn't have put any sports people on here. That's my mistake. But there's celebrities, I guess. Right? Yeah. Whatever you say. Don't forget we got a lot of golf stuff all this week on QA. Here's a call from Tampa. Hello. What about Raymond Burr? What about him? He died. That was... that had a big impact on me. Did it? Were you a perimation fan? Very big paymation fan. That's what got me into the work I'm in now. And what is that? We'll check in corruption. What about tiny Neil? This guy doesn't eat it at the son of he said, What is it? Hamilton's burger. But Neil, very good question. What about you, Vadu? I knew it was some nut. I knew it was some idiot. I wasn't sure which one. And nobody took it. He should be singing that song. Right? Like that. Because he always got something over his pussy's gag at it. Maybe he's got something that duct tape on it. And his pussy too. 560560 pound, 560 on the AT&T in Verizon. Wireless line. North Miami, hello. Yes sir. Yes. There's a top of the shelf man. How about that? For your diet. Who? For your diet. Yes, she's on there. She ain't doing too well. She's got 10. She's like an in middle of the pack. Princess, die. She's still dying over there. So what do you think? Do you think there was a setup? Think it was a murder? No. I don't really care. 567. I don't think about that whole royal family. It just crossed my ass. It just makes me angry. But other than that, I couldn't care less about any of it. Although I would recommend that book. I could tell you the world's for a lot of amusement entertainment purposes. And then when you read about the baton burgers and you find out that the house of Windsor that they're all a bunch of Nazis anyway. And then you say, oh, that explains a lot of it. Sure. Yeah. Now we're beginning to understand. You understand. You stop all these stuff. Everybody. Yeah. Even Bonnie Prince Charlie. 560560. Yes, he's that. That thing in the golf and the kilt's in the club. Big high stockings that go up to your. Back to pop your ass. Don't forget the knickers and the knickers like Moe was wearing yesterday. Those checkered knickers. That's what it's all about. So one of your people off their plane golf. Just keep that in mind. He's a knicker lover. Did he used to do the games? Are they a knickers? Boxers? Here's a call from Toppo. Hello. Yeah. How you doing? Pretty good. I just want to say I can't believe that a no talent bomb like Kirk Cablem could have 24 votes on this poll. But that's 28. 28. These moving up, baby. Not that I'm going to. Anyway. Hey, the worst thing I think had the most impact. This may not be your thing. But rather than. I'm going to ask you from my opinion. We want to know about your thing. Okay. My thing with the brand in the league. Bruce Lee's son. As this, you know, his father's death wasn't tragic enough. The fact that he was, you know, an up and coming star and an excellent martial artist. And died very young tragically and mysteriously in my opinion. But hey. It was mysterious. Well, you know, it's the fact that, you know, here he's in this movie and he's getting shot like hundreds of thousands of times. It all these scenes and all these action sequences and all of a sudden if it's one scene where, you know, he's both to take one shot is. God was from making fatally killed and, you know, it's a very suspicious thing. I may be a conspiracy theorist. Okay. Thank you. Thanks a lot. Brandon Lee. The guy who said diversity did also say Brandon Lee. He's got a lot of money. You can put him down at the combo. You know, some of the, you know, not as a combo. He's just, like, a combo. Cumball something you get it, Sonic. Ooh, that does sound good. With little gin and tonic. You know, you, they have your choice of bread. Regular bun and also the thick sliced toast. No. Butter. In a burger joint? Yeah. Holy crap. And we're talking like thick slices of toast for a bun. Hmm. My French toast. Yeah. So that sounds good. I'm going to go out and give you some French toast. Not. I can't do that. But boy, do a love French toast. But like powdered sugar on. Hmm. And not just with regular, regular syrup on it, but like with the, uh, boisingberry syrup. Sure. Hmm. It's good. You don't even need syrup. Just to do that. Now what was I just going to say that was so important before that. Brandon Lee. Oh, yeah. No seriously. About suspicious. He brought up a good point. Suspicious celebrity deaths. Yeah. Bob Crain. Sure. Well, with that. Yes, it was. Well, I thought the, the girls dad shot him. And what about suspicious rams with said vicious. Right. And malicious. Well, there's the villain Bob showed it from going. The things that their husbands could ban. Television could conceitably have some impact on what they're why. I mean, I want to go about. You know, you think that he might to floor up with him in the election. Wait to see them on 60 minutes. He's just going to like scrape the wall. It's going to be a suck fest. And you know. Yeah. The first thing Bob is going to say, well, at least my penis works Bob. You know, and he'll go downhill from there. Yeah. That's right. Mark my words. It was a war wound. And the second thing's going to be. You call that a penis. 1041 at 560 WQM. I'll tell you guys who knows his parts. And that's Jeff Cohen over there at the pizza law. He's seen them all. He's seen every kind of well, you know what I'm talking about. If it's alive, he's a known and smell that and touched it. Pizza law for some of the world's best child. And tonight is Thursday at plant. Not eggplant. The biker night. All the bikers come on a red plant. Is that what it is? Thursday is bike night at the loft. Either location you show up on a motorcycle. You buy one dinner. Get the second one for app price. Every night there's something special going on. And all the time there's something really great going on. Great delicious fresh food cooked to your order. Nothing soggy, no rubbery pasta and teeny tiny prices. Which you'll enjoy. Bring a whole family and all your friends over and over again. And maybe you can say hi to the rumors. Pizza law has got those combination dinners. You can try a little bit of this and a lot of that. Chicken, Vial C. Food for Gaza Pizza. Three different kinds of great pizza. Don't forget, Calzone Super Sub's garlic rolls that are just orgasmic. They're so damn good. Jeff has it all at the world flaming pizza law. And for takeout delivery and catering which they do is to pin his job of a Navy location. Which is on University, Draw between Griffin and 595. Kitty Corner the Armidale Cafe right beyond pure went in force with tons of P. Parking. For the a Navy location called 954. 9168880. 9168880. The portions are gigantic. Like I said, you won't your laugh at the prices there so reasonable. And now in plantation out by me right behind Walgreens. I'm a corner of Navajo and sunrise. Believe you may we needed a good restaurant out there. And now we got one. The pizza law for the same great food and the same great deals. For takeout delivery and catering in plantation called 954. 3A 299. 3A 299. And if you realize maybe Jeff will let you take a shower with him in the back. 5. The local this is 560. The radio's on your side. 4. 2A 2A 2A 2A 2A 2A 2A 2A 2A 2A 2A 2A 2A 2A 2A 2A 2A 2A 2A 2A 2A 2A 2A 2A 2A 2A 1A 2A 2A 4A 2A The mysterate of the store. 2A 2A 2A 2A 2A 2A 3A 2A 2A 4A 2A 2A 6A Let's first some love. That became that to the beast I guess huh? 1147. There'd be a lot cheaper and a lot less to aggravate and go through all of this crap that we do with this big promotion because it's not gonna work. Nothing's gonna happen. It'll be just humiliating and degrading. It's a person that just we all chip in and by I'm a really nifty of low up though. What do you say? If we all chip in we can actually get him up for real hookah. You think? Yeah. Like a blind one? Who's also lost their sense of smell? That beast isn't one that smells. Oh, Dan for my mebeats says different pulls like you mentioned are a good idea. That's right. We should like narrow this down. We could have milk this for months. That actor's necklaces and musicians did guitar player sing as we get a lot of mileage. You're right Dan, I'm dumb. Steamier it was great but I was haven't but he was heavily influenced by Jimmy Hendrix he says. Yeah. Also it's something. Okay everybody sit down again. You know what I love it? Paumpano Park. What is their pain in the national anthem? Yeah. I thought before the racist and the old people and old I mean to really really really really old people like grandparents of the people of the age of a hundred. There's still sitting there because their death is bad. Right. And they like look around and like and the thing is like 90% over when finally someone will like and they'll crush him get up you know. Very amusing. Anyway, he was heavily influenced by Jimmy Hendrix. So Stevie Ray, he's not too keen on also says I knew more is getting pretty well with send by his untimely passing. But John Lennon gets my vote. Oh, this Dan for my movie. Thank you Dan. You're a man. Dan. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. But let's see we have another lady on air almost died when I saw that. A lady in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. Hi there. I just wanted to let you know on your recommendation. I just finished fear well to God. And I'm reading. Kinded by the right. Excellent recommendation. How stealing. Good choices. And my choice is for Bob Molly. Okay. We got him. I have a question for you. Why is it okay to play president dumb shreds and it's okay to play conelisa? What's the difference? Because he's white. Oh, that's right. I forgot about that. Just just say one thing to yourself over and over again. Miriam Olafan. Is that right? There you go. Have a great day. Have a great day. Did she say that's white? She said that's white. Five six seven. I mean, I don't want to get into a big thing. The audiences. They know what it's all about. Of course there was a big story there, but Tom Dickham is that one too. Just like he misses everything else that's going on because he no longer has this finger on a pulse of the community, which is why he's had like 800 more shows on network TV crap over and that's all he writes about. You're not fooling anybody, Tommy. Boy, if ever, if anybody was emblematic, symptomatic, just a perfect example of what that sounds all about. What it could be and what it is, the difference, it's him, little bouldie. One thing I always loved about my close personal friend Tom Dickham. Now, actually it's two things, you know what they are? What's that? It's both stupid. But other than that. Five six seven, oh five, 60, palm five, 60. And you know something little Tommy, I'm going to tell you right now. See, I'd rather be sitting here killing four hours, taking a pool, which is a little bit of fun. Even though these are all dead people, kind of in a morbid way. It's a little bit of fun. Sometimes getting people's minds off all this other stuff, you know what I'm saying about how the market works in the crapper, which it is, that was down 89 points. And the nice next 10 and a half. And about that we're going to war any day now and arguing the same crapp back and forth and forth. I mean, what's the point? You know what I'm saying? No, what he said. It's depressing. Let's do something like a little bit more uplifting, like talking about dead people. Huh? Yeah, uplifting like this. Kills some people. So he was with the new Christy Minstrels. And he was a green beret and whatever the red thing on his head. I'm dying out of here. So last night American University, they had a debate, which has saw about three minutes of, yeah, Crossfire, one of those contrived debates. And they had Senator Rich San Torma, Pennsylvania, and Diane Feinstein from California, who's totally sold out. And I don't know why they would call it debate because they were both pretty much saying the same damn thing. And of course they were going to call those students. There were words American University. Guy, where is that? America? No, seriously, where is American University? Don't know from universities. Well, put it on their Carlos, but do a search. Do a search. Do a search right now. Wait, Eddie. Because the students there. You see, Washington, D.C., well, doesn't that say it, huh? They were like, really, gung, oh, let's go get out of here on there. If you're doing the Arsenio with a hands-in-hold, they let it out. Let's rule that crap. Okay, whatever you say. In fact, you guys, they all look like they were healthy young people. Let's send them over there. What do you say? They're also the American University of Peru. Perfect place for, perfect place. Here's your call from Miami, hello. Yeah, I do in Neil, first of all. Okay. Let's see. A couple things. Guy influenced me with Arthur Ash. I don't know if you made your list or not. Now, yeah. Yeah. And also, you have a list of celebrities that get ready to die. How about our Trump haspsons? We can only hope. Have a great day, pal. Yes. You have a great day. Thanks. And I didn't really mean that about Chuck Heston. I got personal buddy. You got her on a fifth bed. Huh? I made it. You son of a bitch. Holy Moses, it's Chuck Heston. He'll be dead. Of course, he won't remember it. Five, six, seven, five, six, three. What a miserable, nasty rotten. You know, oh, but what's that line about the cold steel and the hands that have to, what's that line that he used? The NRA nuts. They'll have to pry my gun away from my cold dead fingers. Something like that. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I know something. Probably get a 90 share if we can tell him. Here's a call from West Palm Beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. So, what do I want to get in? How about Walter Pates? Did he really die? Jay, John. How long ago did he die? I don't know about two years ago. He's no liver. Oh, that's right. That's right. I forgot all about that. They just kind of zipped on by a way. How about a animal that had a die for most weeks? Yeah, that's true. Okay. Thanks, pal. Get a musk rat to dead musk rat. Walter Pates, somebody else mentioned that. Let's get him on here. What do you say? Sure. Not Sandy Peyton, Walter Peyton. John Lennon's in it all alone by himself. I'd sure like to hear from somebody before to show in today about this Dale Earnhardt thing. I mean, I'm glad that the guy called right off the get go and we're explaining me that we would get a lot of these votes in about all the redness with their pickup trucks. It probably doesn't register as you're driving down the road. When you see that three on there, it probably doesn't like when I see sports stuff. When I'm driving down the road, we're down here when you're here. Yeah. Because ever since he died, they're everywhere. You just probably don't notice in the little corner of the windshield. I tried to avoid reading all the propaganda in the backup pitals car. I don't see revolutionary concept, but my cars I have for transportation purposes. Not to spew propaganda. Not to convert anybody, not to pull the size, not to proselytize, not to circumcise. I did just to like have the car like get from point A to point B. I know that's very, very radical. Yeah. My son is an honor student. Yeah. Big deal. You're probably an asshole. You don't see those. And usually the people with those buffers to because on a driving like crap, right? Like, maybe the kids got all the brains. It's kept a generation, you know? Not impressed. And the same thing with all these religious ones and the fish and knowledge that I mean, the save it already. It goes to show you how intolerant they are. They don't have even the common courtesy. Just to leave you alone out there in public when they have you as a captive audience in a highway. Just leave me alone already. That's one step away from the assholes that come not cut on your door to try to proselytize. You know, the Jehovah's Witnesses and the Mormons and all that crowd, right? So one step away from it. I'm not out there driving around to get religious inspiration here. You only religious thing. I want to see on a billboard somewhere. Oh, good. That's it. You don't want to just queue in. We just have balls. I'll tell you a place where they got big balls because they're still in business in North Bay village. And that's Flores. Not too many people still around over there. But Flores has lasted through all of the chaos through all of the decades forever. How much of Flores has been here for about 4,500 years, you know? I wouldn't be surprised to constantly on stuff there for a slice. That's right. Freshly made everything at Flores. You'll taste it at different. Nothing prefabricated. Nothing out of a can. First they made pizza dough, fresh baked garlic rolls. They make them right through every day on the spot. And a portion of our gigantic they use more cheese and meat on their pies than anybody else in town. So if you're in Dave County, you want delicious Italian food. This is the place. A South Florida institution. And you'll find Flores at 731 North East 79 Street. That's just a black and a half-off-fiske in Bolivar. Our column at 305-75853-551. 758-5351. And Flores delivers to the liver from 34th in Biscayne. All the way to 135th in Biscayne. They'll go to Quasad, Cricket Club. The Jockey Club they'd liver as far west as 12th Avenue in East to Colombs in 71st Street. Give them a call if you're nice to little dude. Give your all the details about the great pizza specials. You pay only 1399 for large cheese pie lid with soda and six delicious chicken wings all of these things. Call Flores and tell them that Crusty Old Nails I gotta record as it's a pizza joint. Crusty Old Nails were did call 305-75853-551. 305-75853-551. 305-551. We're sports-reneal-56. 2 AM. Oh, this is Pope John Paul Lens. And if he asked me, they only say more fun than playing grab ass with this wish guide is the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour. Oh. Oh. Oh. In a place that feels just like a baby at the zoo. If you're back, Chris and drag that dream every week, you'll be able to bring this earth with it later. But you know that you gotta do with just that to your baby. Oh, why does that was said to tell about that? Yeah. It's girls who don't wear pants that's a tell about that. Oh, tell about that. And who take your pants down as well as a drag to build it up? Oh, I found this name cool. Oh, I don't know that name. And then there are the first eyes raised. I feel like just you know I never saw my cold old memory. You should do this deep in any pressure that I've done. And as a black little descendant, if you tell about that man, I'm used to bump or the down about when you can understand. Oh, my heart won't go. Oh, my heart is so bad. I wasn't an awful, how the way they repressed their women and a man. And they would not have to listen to music and stuff like that. That was nasty. Yeah. All we didn't mind a man much because we're going to build that pipeline. But anyway, that's why when I watched these debates, it's just it's infuriating because All these people are so brainwashed. They all just repeat it like they're at a religious service. You know how they repeat the lines from the Bible because it's the same people. And it's the same assholes repeating now. Oh, no, they say the same crap. He gasped his own people and he invaded another country. Like 12 years ago, many gasped his own people 20 years ago. But a gas that we gave them and we stood by to instruct his hand, Rob Skelte, and said, nice job. There's smoth ahead. Heard his word his own people by the way. Just ask them. Well, they were close by. There was neighbors. You ought to know about gas in your neighbors. Anyway, here's the fact that says from our Haitian brother, what about Abbey of Dear Abbey? What about Dear Abbey? Right. Abigail Van Buren or whatever. No. It says by the way, the muffled condolences song was absolutely hysterical. I almost cracked my pants. Thank you, Haitian brother. Can't you read me what you put on there? What do you say? Whatever. You think? No. I can't believe I forgot that Walbert Peyton died. I'm embarrassed about that. That's a bad sign. It's not a good sign. Who? Walbert Peyton. Okay. Great Chicago Bears Running Back. Number 34 Walbert Peyton. Oh, no. Get one of Mr. Schwarz. I'm telling you one thing, Clare's ever finds out that you as much anti-sports as you are. You're going to be a real thin ice. Even Tim Horton ever skated an ice that thin. He obviously put Tim Horton on there. What about what about Bill Barulco? Who? Yeah, that's right. What about Terry Satchuk? What about Jacques Plunt? 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T. Police got all in Nolan. All right. Now, we need some defensemen. Like about 4 or 5. Here's the call from Lake Worth. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. What about Harry Chapen? That was given up. Free constant up in New York and he died in the car accident. That same day. Yeah. It affected me. Was he going to die in a taxi? No, I think he was driving. I think he had a pretty bad driver record too. Oh. Well, thank God for that. That would have been bad if he would have died in a taxi. Yeah. Well, thank God for that. That would have been bad if he would have died in a taxi. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Harry Chapen. No. It's a small potato. I mean Charlie Chaplin, maybe but Harry Chapen. No. What celebrity death during your lifetime had the greatest impact on you? Carol or Connor? Elvis. You know, the Elvis thing. We could take a whole pull on that one day. Yeah. Seriously, although this audience, we would better not do that because the audience generally don't give a crap about Elvis. And it threw in here he's fourth. 37. Aren't you surprised? Yes, actually. He just barely had a whole Kurt Cobain. John Linn and 125. Dale Earnhardt 44. Hmm. Wow, I know. Don't know what asked me. See, what makes him so different from like Mario and Dreddy and AJ Foyt and all those other guys. Why is he like so special? He died. Well, after some other dead drivers, in fact, there have been plenty of mood die like in a crash. Yeah. Right? But they're not as important because they didn't win as much. Is that what it is? That's what it is. It doesn't. I don't think so. I think maybe they had a blow up doll. John Linn and 125, Dale Earnhardt 44. Phil Harman 39. Elvis 37. Kurt Cobain 32. John Belushi 29. Well, he's been dead a long time now. Yeah. During our say 18 John candy 16, painstow it 16. Francis die 13. Four Mr. Fred Rogers 12 and Chris Farley 12. Everybody else single digits including George Harrison. You see George Harrison? Not doing as well as I thought he would. He's only got. Yeah. For George. Why do you know you can't you can't tick all the Beatles, you know? No. Not yet. I don't mean like when Ringo died, in fact, that would be a good one. Who would you like to exchange? That beat will exchange student program. Yeah, like the dead people exchange program. You know, like studying and share. Maybe there are people like say, oh, let's bring Sunnyback and the share should buy our lives back. That's terrible. But anyway, the Elvis thing if we had an interest which we don't, you could take a whole pool on that. Sure. On people that still think he's alive. People that think that he died squatting at school. What's that expression they use? Straining at school. A bigger part. Oh, the other medical time type of term. Yeah, straining at school. Like if you look up hemorrhage, do a search on hemorrhage. And I'll say one of the causes of hemorrhages. Straining at stool. Straining in school. Not straining in school. Or straining at stool. Which is a very interesting play on words. And then those people who think that he died from the drugs. See, when you take a lot of drugs, one thing about prescription drugs is they tend to make you. And in some cases, some of them are inside of a, like diarrhea. But the other side effect is really bad constipation. They plug you up like a drum. I mean, that was it, you think? Maybe. Maybe he was straining. Maybe his heart was bad because of the, the fat. Because it was Eir Klog. Yeah, and he had a fart attack. Because it was surrounded by pounds and pounds and pounds of oozing nasty fat. And those peanut bones. That was more of clogging. It's hard. And his liver, liver, and all his other vital organ. Not to mention the booze and pills. Right. Yeah, frosting on a cake, I guess. I'm thinking what I do like though, with whipped cream on it is carrot cake. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon line. Here's Hialia. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, this is Richard. I'm actually from Jacksonville. And when I come down here, I come down a golf stream for a couple of races. They're here and there. And speaking of the number three, if you travel to Jacksonville, it's on 90% of the car is there. Oh, man. Trucks cars, everything you name it is there. Oh, my God. It's everywhere. And so it's so, as a matter of fact, in all my exotic and modern gimmicks, I have to use the number three because it's embedded in my mind. Anyway, back to the celebrity, I guess, that really affected me. Now, the great governor of Alabama, George Wallace, that kind of bothered me. And why was that? Well, I don't know how the little guy went at hand and he kind of scared me. And all that. And think about George Wallace. What do you mean he was at the relative in the car? What is it? He might even have been a distant relative at the alarm heart. Yeah, that's true. It could have all been from the same clan. Okay. Thank you very much, sir. Go back to Jacksonville, sir. Please. Now, we're not putting him on there. Oh, well, he did the authority and the restart. I'm dark folks a lot. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Tonight 6-8-Joy and Mark will be out of pro player stadium for the morning auto tensile. Stop by the spin the prize field for tickets to see the heat, the canes, and the four championships had to dwell. Somebody's got to. Kind of embarrassing if we're broadcasting there all week. Let's see, dear Abby is not dead or sister and landers is. Now, that is not correct. I don't know. Abigail Van Buren died, didn't she? I don't know. Look at up the Carlson. He's like he died. Says, fill in Carl Springs. I think you're a wrong fill, but we'll check it out. You could be right. I don't know. What have I died? What about Doodles Weaver? Who now is Doodles Weaver? He has to try to get that buffet book, your pal Bill. Oh, he still wants to get the book. How do we attack the buffet? Yeah. What do you get the book? Okay, Bill. Your Weaver? I have no idea what he's talking about. Nor do I want to know. 5605804. Who's that? Dear Abby. Told you. Well, no, wasn't that just the shirt? I think you're wrong. What about her sister? No, and landers did die. That was her sister, right? But I thought they were Abby also died here. Just, uh, huh? No, just one of them. Nah. Thank you wrong. But just confirm. Hey, the internet wasn't lying. Maybe she's like South Florida. Maybe she died and she's still walking around because nobody told her yet. Here's Hollywood, hello. Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello, me. Oh, uh, huh? I've got the man to kick cancer. Yes, twice. That dude's John Wayne. He's on it. We got him. We got him. The Duke. How's he doing the Duke? Dad. Let's see. Oh, I don't see on there. Autorbee. Holy crap. Let's start from the bottom up. People don't have any votes. He had pretty Prince Jack buck, Freddie Mercury, Michael Landon. I never put Michael Landon on there. No one brought up. I talked about him. I said we're not put on. We did put him on. Are you right? Sherry Lewis and Rick Nelson are rock huts and he's have one. Morris give and Jim Crochey and Roy Orbison and Tim Horton. And Carol O'Connor and Gilder Radner and he's have a peer. Marvin G is got three. Four votes for Jackie Cleason Harry Curry. The director of the show is BIG. Four for each of them. Roberto Comedee five for example five. Thurman Munson's got six. Also six for Selena. And Bruce Lee and Jim Morrison. How come we didn't put the brand in Leon there yet? Better get with it. Little beiner boy. Jim Morrison's six Bob Marley's seven two pack is got seven JFK. Junior's got eight. Oh my god. Oh there he is. The Duke has got eight. Time with Stevie Ray Vaughan and JFK. Junior. You never see them together? No. George Harrison 10. Mr. Rogers Fred Rogers has 12. Chris Farley 13. Princess Die as an I'm dying over here 14. Painsteward 16 John candy 17. Jerry Garcia 19. Good idea if you ever get on a plane and you see the pilot looks like painsteward. Don't get on. John Volushi 33. Todd with Kurt Colbaine Elvis 38. He sure was great. Phil Harman 39. And his humor was fine. Dale Earnhardt 44. And John Linden 1.29. I don't get to Dale Earnhardt. Yeah, I mean I keep hearing it and I'm sure I believe it but why? Why? What is it all about? What is the big simist? Why? With some race car guy, huh? I mean they bruised anybody say him. Joe to Maggio Jolton Joe. Mickey Mandel with that stolen liver. I mean no. So we're going to put sports people on our tech. He's probably too many got on there. Got a few votes. But Dale, quick and earnhardt and painsteward. Just keep hearing it. There's like a disease on a station. Number John Dane and next member, Eurina, well I mean the show is being broadcast in a redneck state in the south where all he's seeing is king. Well I, you know, out of sight out of mind. Son is coming out here today. No no more snow. Start all melty. You're out of touch. Chick was right. Here I'm not touching it. How many times have you heard about an opportunity? And so many of you didn't touch it. You didn't grab it. And then you missed out because it passed you by. Sometimes you feel like these things are passing you by. And right now is one time the oughta be jumping grab this. An opportunity that really should grab your attention. 3.45% financing thanks to our friends at financial group. Call them and fight out about it. 1-800-9-40-Lend. These low interest rates aren't going to last forever. And when you look back on history, probably not too long much longer than now. It's a win with opportunity. So hop through it with financial group and get yourself 3.45% financing and save yourself. Thousands and thousands of dollars. Call financial group toll-free. 1-800-940-Lend. Level 3.45% financing due to monthly payments. You're probably wondering here are a couple of for instances. If you have a $200,000 loan you pay only $900 bucks a month. If you have a $100,000 loan you pay only $450 bucks a month. So don't wait until the balls are rolling right now. Do it this moment. Call financial group and tell Matt Fattole Neal told you to call 1-800-940-Lend. They're an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change without no dissimilar way too long. 5.34 APR. 1-800-940-Lend. This is for 20-80. 2-800-940-Lend. If there's a butt-ass smell it. Well congratulations, get a light. I really think somewhere we're going to have some of Flem filled fun in the favor to dice today. I know Hank Goldberg and I had on differences in the pair. But it's been worth my attention that Hank has arranged for some beautiful women to join us in a blush-ly-affirited studio. Yeah, exactly I'm a queen from Key West. By the way, something. Yeah. It hasn't escaped me. That's around in me with women. Is a good way of keeping me from getting raped, did it? Yeah. This hair is a big joy your mid-a-dian respect from Hank. Bigger than his pants. Yeah. It's coming in now. Ooh! What the fuck? Oh, what the fuck! What did you ask him? What did you ask him? Oh, my God. Oh, my God. It's... ...80-80-s. Aww. You may gather around at me. Hey. Got a look at him, voices. There must be heavy smokers. It can go away. What do you know? What do you say there, ladies? Oh, we're fine. I wouldn't grail in the back there, but South Dakota, you think. Yeah. Yeah, they're a way to make a thumb. Ain't you a gay and perimation? Oh, it's you, Mo. You can't be perimation, you're a good, did it? Perhaps, but I'm still in better shape than you. I yet know good, you got some knife walking in interest like that. Would you mind sharing with the court exactly why we were asked here today? Oh, I certainly, if it's an offering of peace from Hanko Boyka, good. And the other garden wasn't it, you Mo, who called the Key West Queens Agency? And said, help me, my show is dying. No, it's not true. And wasn't it, you Mo, who said, rapes not funny? Okay, okay, yes, it was me! It was me! I said, rapes not funny. I submit your honor that Mo submits. Wait a minute. I feel real. What the fuck? Come on, girls. Let's make him on him. Oh, my God, why? Oh, God, why? And I got it. Here, no, no, no. What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? Twenty-passed note at five sixty-wdq. I'm not reading that promo in there because I've got to record it anywhere in the beast and I think. Okay. You think? I mean, if you're playing there not to read down the tape on that promo 80 times a day, I don't want to get involved in that because that's embarrassing. It's degrading. All right. But if they just say, hey, we got a guy here that couldn't get laid in a, in a, in a, in a, in a red light history, an Amsterdam. And is there any desperate brought out there? It's like, can we bribe you? Can we blackmail you? Can I get least take a look at it? I thought you would exactly what they're saying. See if you can find it. Here's a call from Margie. Hello. Hey, Margie. Hey, how are you? Yes, sir. Oh, sorry. Hey, how are you, Grisha? George sucks. By the way, how about Jim Henson from the Muppet? Jim Henson? That like set you back a little bit? Well, I mean, you know, I hear a lot to do with you. I mean, I've already watched, test me straight when they were kids and I watched them up in the reason. When he passed away, it was kind of like another, the Muppet kind of died. And it was kind of, kind of, kind of freaky. I have more of the voice than from the product change, which really confused me. Okay. All right, cool. Thanks, buddy. You got a man taking a comment. Why do you hate that guy? Oh, because he hates me. Oh, maybe he was just kidding, but that was a very good choice. Jim Henson, he's got an, what about Captain Kangaroo, isn't he? I don't know. What's that was his name? Bob Keeshan, very good. Is that his name? Right. Mr. Grinchings is dead. How about Keeshan? That's right. He's still alive. Speaking of a sports Rick from Tampa says in reference to Dale Hernard being so popular here in Tampa. Oh, he can only imagine. They have lifestyles pictures in Monaco, machines all over the place. The number three stickers, especially the ones with angel wings on them are very popular here as well. I'm heading for the border as we speak, say, Rick from Tampa. And I think what he really wanted to say is a PS and a bottom of it was. Yeah. I don't get it. I mean, I realized that I made travel in very limited circles, but, uh, Dale Hernard, number three. If I can quote Joe Castello, yeah. Motor sports is the most widely watched sport in the world. 500,000 people show up to watch, uh, Yeah. Who cares? Well, I'm like I said I was coding Joe. Who cares? He must have been kidnapped as a very young child. They must have tied him to a chair and forced him to watch those cars go round. All right. And like, and Joe's defense, he's an actual participant, not some spectator. I see. That's like saying, in Joe's defense, he actually plays golf, right? Here's a lady in Pompano, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. First time call over, Renervas. Excellent. But I think I got a good name. Sam, can't listen. He's on there. Oh, yes. At least he's supposed to be on there. Now, let me take a look and see if he made it on the look. Because I've got to written down. But you know, these guys, here especially, he's got four. He's got four votes. Oh, I would have put my vote for him. Okay. Thanks. Okay. See you. He's on there. Got four votes. Not to what all I grade Sam can. Can't listen. I think he's the same barber that Greg reduces. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. What's the celebrity death during your lifetime? Had the greatest impact on you. I'd say Brandon to Wilda. Made me cry. I didn't realize it at the time. And now that I look back on it. And think of all the entertainment that we missed. We must be missing a lot of really great Hollywood people too. You know, like Bill Augusti, Boris Karla, Vincent Price, right? Vincent Price was great. And he didn't die all along ago. Right. Even Punks, though, who've been in prices. I would think if they've ever watched any horror movies. Do you think we ought to put him on there? No. Why not? Just cause old. Okay. I'm easy. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I mean, certainly there's so many great water pigeon. Huh? Huh? Humphrey Bogart. Wow, whatever. William Holden. He's holding there. You go. More ready young. She's still alive. Don't know. I think she just died recently, the ready young's a matter of fact. How about the red of sweat? She's still alive. Richard Dawson? Oh, guess what? What? Oh, my god. Now you see how you put all these things together? There you go. Like, like, she made her to the right. How about Jean Rayburn? I'm not putting him on there. But we're he deserves a mention. There you go. Who else deserves a mention? Speak in her quiz shows? Raycones. Raycones? Yeah? I'm sure. Who are you going to say? Johnny Olson. Right. Johnny Olson, who was the announcer? The booth announcer? Not about 6,000 different. And speak in a quiz shows? What about Bill Colon? What about him? What about him? This son is Donald Bill Colon from Matt Colon, a place for the Panthers. Who? You don't like Bill Colon? What game? He was on a million shows. He was on the original prices. Right. He was on the... Oh, damn guy. Bill Colon with a wooden leg or whatever. He had a peg leg. He was great. Everybody like Bill Colon. And then I have to be knocking our main Francis. Now that we found out that she was it. I put that on there. So, Booker Brian will have one to vote for. I'll be early in Francis. But I'm not going to do it. I'll have to settle for Johnny Olson. And I'll put Johnny Olson on there. I'm a rod rod. You know, suits. You know, he gets those suits, don't you? 26 past noon at 5.60. WDQM. If you're still reluctant about ordering a pet over the phone, don't be hesitant. Okay, because a lot of us be doing it. Over a million people of bottomatres right over the phone from dialometres. And hundreds more smart people are doing it every week. We've been talking about dialometres all the time on this show for years. Now, nothing's got a bigger impact on the way you feel every day than a great night's sleep. If you want to start sleeping good, get you a great name brand. Matt Kriss did an unbeatable price from dialometres. The only smart way to do it. Just call 1-800-MATTRES. They got silly, certissimance-king-cool. Every size and style under the sun. The rank number one in customers had this fact. They got more repeat and referral customers than anybody else. Because they will treat your right and you'll come back again in a game. Once you buy a mattress and dialometres, you never go back to buy a fuel-fashioned way to shore again. And don't forget when you buy your mattress and dialometres very important. They take away the crappy old vetting and set up your brand new and for you for free. That's right. Download my criss-takes away the smelly crappy soil stayed nasty old vetting and set up the brand new and for you for free. So make the call now that we knock it on the door no time at all when you want them to be there. 1-800-MATTRES. And tell them that fat old meal and even bigger fat boy told you to call. My and local, we are sports-winny-05-60-U.A.M. Oh god, Neil. The thornwood yellow teeth. Listen to the sound of John John falling in the air. Ogre making two goes. You think I'm a female in there like JFK. Good up for the better play. JFK had boys I play with a soul of fiber tells that she's in crappy plane that blows. A burning defy heads above the old man. Now let me only once I'm slip the knife you did from what they called again on Eekers. If God is easy, he'll galling close alive, he'll say. Here up it's only gonna get worse. And this will be the sound of John John falling in the air. But there's water, but water, poor thing don't hit me. You just don't look John John falling in the air. But there's water, but water, but water. And you talk about really bad taste George. Yeah, 12.32 at 5.60 WK. Well we've probably pissed a few people off of that. Who knows, we'll be more sensitive about JFK Jr. Get the honey Jr. We'll send them a shovel so they can go dig them up and suck his ass. He's got nine votes. Yeah. He's tied with John Wayne. He's tied with a duke. How do you like that? I was thinking of them together. You know what? I've got a by nine shovels. I was thinking of them like side by each. 5.670560 palm. I just looked on a website on a QM website and saw the picture of the beast. Yeah. Have you looked at it? No, I don't need to. No, no, no, no. It's considering it's a fairly flattering picture of the beast. Now I do want to say this with all due respect. But if any young ladies are sucked into this thing so to speak, if they actually do want to show up on the 26th of this month and wind up with this, however they're going to do it. It'll never come to that because when they walk in and they see him there. He's going to have to have a chair with his name on it. You see what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? And that is that if they walked in and they looked like anything even human and they saw him sitting there, they'd run out screaming like a bench. You like they just seen a ghost. You know what I'm saying? Who said they're looking for humans? Oh. I think it's a recipe for disaster. In fact, when you go online to show what our management spends a lot of their time doing, and you'll see the rules for this content. There's like 75,000 different rules on there. Then one of the little things in tiny apprentices, if any of our ladies that you actually get to see it, please take a picture because you're probably never find it again. They should have one rule. Show up. Here's a call from Daniel. Hi, Daniel. Yes, sir. Yeah, I was thinking that we missed probably Walt Disney himself. Yeah. And since I just had back surgery yesterday, I wonder if you could be so kindness. I swear. Yeah. Can I hear both of them back to back and back? I swear. Did it never bother you again about it? No. Five six. Oh, he wants to back back. I swear. I swear. Okay, this way he gives. He wants me to play both of those back to back. That doesn't have to push you or anything. We could just go home. Go ahead. I mean, I hope you're back. Are we cooperating with all of you like that? But we only got like 25 minutes to go here. We got important stuff to do here. We'll think about it tomorrow. I will do all requests tomorrow. Let's see. Hank mentions the Windham Crystal Palace in the Beast promo. What about William Windham? What? Who's William Windham? Some old dead guy. Really? I never heard of William Windham. Were you laughing because you know who it is? Because just on the phone. I've heard the name. But I know where it came from. I know where the facts came from. I've heard of Carl O'Conan. But I never heard of William Windham. Yeah. You're going to run from the Windham. My ass. Did you see who it's from? No, I didn't know who it's from. Who is it from? Come on, please. Oh, no. It's from Old Oyster. By the way, Osperg. I've been Oyster. I can defose you a big apology. Okay. That's all I want to say right now. Oh, break it's a suit. It's a lawsuit. Grang, it's an email. That's a fight. Man, talk about emotional cripples in that place. I'm going to start getting collar ID if I ever see that the collar is coming from. Because always on your collar ID it'll say power 90's say whatever you know. Yeah. And immediately I'll just all yank the phone round of the wall. And I see that ever again. I will. I give it the old big yank. Here's the call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, longtime listener. All right. I got a lot of friends that come down from New York. And every one of them say you're better than how it's turned and I miss. Yeah. That's that's a decide. Okay. Now if the out of nations would he send a million citizens, which is like two hour bus ride away. Okay. Great. Listen. Have a good time in New York. 560 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Oh, my God. You know what they say about New York. Don't you know what do they say? Whatever it is they're right. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. When is this? When is TARDIS? Yes, sir. Hi, my name's Tom. Hi, Tom. I figured out what you don't like chorasing. Yeah. Could you feel a fake? Are you meant to your mouth? Yeah. 560 560 real macho guide. Here's a car racing guy, man. You can't get anymore macho to that. Right? I'm supposed to be a man. The ones that like to watch men play. Mm-hmm. Go round and round and round and a big circle. Or up and down or side by side or whatever. Side by each. Here's a call from Davy. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How about Charlie Brown? Mr. Schultz. Charles Schultz. Yeah. On the list. Mm. No. No. I mean, people like the cartoon, but most people didn't give a crap about who, you know, it's like any cartoon, right? Yeah. So I can be watching movie. You don't care about who the director was on. I would be like, saying, well, Alfred Hitchcock. Okay. A lot of people like Alfred is got, right? There are famous directors that were consistently good. Sure. But with the three withdrawal, Schultz is one of the last time peanuts was actually funny with all due respect. Are you not going to dead man now? Yeah. Yeah. You are a miserable little spick. You know, 20 got. You're part of this before. We like to have some nasty comedy bit about JFK Juniors playing crashing. Who would do such a thing? Partless and cruel. That would be like playing something about Eric Clapton's kids line out the window. Oh, yes. Such a person would be out of touch with their audience. Bad and tasteless. Is what that would be. And then the wrath of muffle come down on your ass. I'll tell you that right now. The wrath of the muck, myster. 139 votes for John Lennon. He's all off by himself, man. He's 100 likes to have the field. John Lennon's the winner. My scoge John. Oops. They were in hard 47. Oh, you know, the real reason you're like car racing is that you're a F. Yeah. Yeah. So real macho real manly sport. You're gay. I like pussy sports myself like hockey. You know, it's a moro pansy sport. Phil Hartman 40 Elvis 39 John Volushi 37 Kirk Cole Bayon 35. And then it's way on down. Jerry Garcia 21 John candy 17 Princess Di. I'm surprised you did that well 16, you know what? Princess Di be tied with painstoward eats with 16 Chris Farley 15. Mr. Rogers 14 and also a double digits for George Harrison's TV wave on. You're side by each with 10 of these. Maybe they're buried like side by each, you know? Yeah, maybe in the same box. Could be. Maybe like I'm guiding light. I'll open up that the box and it'll be empty. Anybody watching guiding light these days, Chris, probably not our crowd because here it's still on the afternoon. But down here to guiding light people is they're not they're gone. They're long gone. A lot with most of the rest of the audience. That's okay. We're still getting paid. 21 till 1 at 5.60 W to kill. We got the man dog and Hank the important stuff coming up from the rally. That's what real man can get into his golf. Okay. For that punk that called two calls ago if our racing is for real men then what would you call golf? Huh? Who are the golf crowd? Think about it. I'm thinking. bunch of pansies with knickers with knickers and kilt and high socks that come up to the top of their Rectome cheeks. Right. Don't forget the hats. And those silly goofy hats that look like Shylock homes on a bad day with the gay pump on it. Right. And that little, uh, little bouncy rabbit. Nothing on top of it. God. Just think about it. Okay. That's going for it. And we got it all day this afternoon. I'll week old weekend. We're going to be golf intensive because we're obsessed with balls. Anything that's got balls attached to it here on QM. Even our billboards have balls. Okay. As cause mufflands, these are program director or whatever he is operations manager and Believe me, he knows his balls. That's what we told me. Twenty-two one a QA. I'm telling you about a fantastic place. In fact, this weekend you ought to take all your friends together. The whole gang even some strangers from off the street just pick them up off the road and say we're all going to be Emerald Coast Chinese buffet and pick out. You know, the way things are in the world these days. Why not? Go over there and just keep shoveling that great fresh goodies down your throat. Six different kinds of soups for you to try out. They got all kinds of suck in the non-traced dozens and dozens. Everything is fresh. It doesn't sit there getting soggy and mushy like the other Chinese buffet. Everything is crisp and fresh. They got oriental surfing turf on a weekend's New York Stips Take. Made you order the gourmet center. That's a sizzling Asian real feature in Terriaki steak. Shrimp chicken seafood handcarb prime rib. And at the Emile Coast no headaches when you walk out just a big smile on your post because they don't use any MSG or cornstarch. They use only cholesterol free oils and all the cooking. No crap in any of the great food at Emile Coast. There were faith features a full salad bar, new sushi bar, and fresh shrimp cocktail. And now Emile Coast famous lobster festives back as well. Featuring lobster thermator and lobster biscke. And if you have any room left at the end, try to like pace yourself. Like the pace car and auto racing, right? Sure. Like I said, pace yourself. Because they got a great dessert bar featuring pies and takes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit. It's a perfect ending to a gigantic feast. If you want to pick out when and out this is the place. Emile Coast you'll find them in sunrise, Pine Island, a 44th street. They're on Collins Avenue, just north of 163rd Street, North Miami Beach. And now if you're a six to flaming one, Pembroke Roads in Pembroke Pines. Emile Coast accept reservations. Take out delivery available as well. And when you're there be sure and check out the brand new Oriental Chicken Salad 2. Call 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22 for the world streaming, Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. Yes I am. There's a new prescription drug whose name says it all. Finally a prescription medicine that always gives you more than you'd expect. Is it not time you experienced Zidifact, say cause loss of blood loss of hearing loss of In a deeper to go impate go impadence and prison, and shrinkage of the genitals and large amount of the genitals, softening of the brains, softening of the stool, loose duels, barstools, toes, duels, huge free historic bats, sweeping out of the sky, heating your dog. Halitosis, heavy berry, berry, berry, berry, manalo, rectal bleeding, rectal numbness, numb nuts, chest pains, hunger pains, dry mouth, cotton mouth, large mouth, small mouth, hell mouth, or death. Side effects is perfect for everyone, not intended for women who are pregnant, women who are men, men who are pregnant, children with dogs, children with dogs who are pregnant, the elderly, the young, kitty cats, steep, hairy, head, holes, head, holes who are pregnant and pregnant pauses, in diswainers like the ask your doctor, a pharmacist about side effects, and find out if it's responsible for the mysterious, postulent growth under your left arm pit. That's right effects. Well 45 at 5.60, WDQM, I don't know if I'm gonna recover from the death of the dealer in heart, you know what? Or will you win them? Yeah. What is it? 12 pages of film and TV credits that somebody facts over here with him. Hmm. No thanks. 560, 560, pound 560, with an anti-int, what? He was in menics. I don't give a crap, what he was, I never heard of him, okay, I don't care. How was she would die? Oh, here where did he did? Here's Washington DC, it says, hello. Hello? Yes sir. Yeah, I'd kneel. You're gonna have to stug your pole over because you left this lady off, care, I mean, I'll lose the obel. Oh, how could we leave obelously? How could you leave her off? Yeah. We can, we love Lucy. Yeah. So, that's why it's nice. Thank you sir. Yeah, hey, can you put me back? Who's together at the phone? A little luck, beator board Carlos. Okay, I want to give my number, can you put me back in call? You want to give me your number for one? For a date? You don't want to give me your number for one. We can't get a beast to date. Carlos is getting dates with that. You don't want to see him. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, what are you doing making out on a phone with these guys that call it now Carlos? Is that it? I don't know, I guess I try to help you out. I do want to help you out. Oh, my God. You know what we got. A little money, come over there now. A little money. We got a lot of stuff. Yeah, put that on Carlos. I thought we already had one of those. Wasn't that enough? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 1, 6, 6, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 6, 6, 7, 6, 6, 6, 7, 6, 6, 6, 7, 9, 6, 6, 6, 6, 5, 6, l've been here lately, Nobody there. Ted is a door nail. Let's try my me on six, hello. Yes sir. How you been Neil? Happy springtime. And same to you. Hey the science guy. Just as you said that the sun came out here, and it's looking beautiful. Yeah, I got a name for you. The list. You know, all my parents and grandparents, uncles, still live. But all the key one, Brian Piccolo died. Kind of like, cry when a movie came out. Sure. Yeah, I mean, that's the best. I mean, I can't hear the old now. And I don't have to play Brian song right now, just none of that. How do you ain't got to go off to that? I don't know why that. Is that name on the list? Not yet. I do agree with you though. When we do go in to Iraq, I hope they do make a park online. You know, I mean, come on. We got to go in there and get to job done. Does that what I said? We ought to make a parking lot? Well, you said we can go in from all angles and all from. Oh, I said that's what they're going to do. That's what they're saying. We're going to hit him heavy and fast enough. Just let's not kill too many millions of it. And people would not be a good idea, right? Well, I mean, the babies that grow up, they're all going to be suicide bombers anyway. Oh, the Iraqi people are the suicide. Okay. Thank you, sir. Did you know that? Yeah. I thought it was Sodom that was penned a suicide bomber. A Palestinian people 25 grand a family. Are you starting out with the Iraqis? Are you going to be suicide bombers? Oh, okay. Maybe if we just kill a whole bunch of their friends and relatives and family, then they'll become a suicide bomb. Then they'll love us. No, right. When we kill a bunch of the civilians. Wow. Well, he gasped his own people. And you know, invaded another country. Oh, my God. And a Taliban, they were repressing the women and they were making a men shaped, not shaped their Beards and couldn't listen to music. Right? Oh, my God. I mean, they talked to the American public. Like they were a bunch of three year olds and you want to know why? Because most of them are. That's the mentality of most of the American public. Couldn't find these countries on a map if you put it, if you took a shotgun and stuck out there. Right, though. They could sure tell you who number three was the goddamn race track. God. It all deal on hard. See the unasio castella will admit to you that the auto racing that's big like around the rest of the world. Has got nothing to do with like the auto racing in America. You haven't talked about it yet, but he won't agree with that at all. Wait me by that. He says it's one of the same as Motorsports, baby Motorsports is big all over the world. Here they are everywhere. But it's not a bunch of rednecks that are into it over there. He will debate that point. It's not a rednecks. For does what Joe will say. It's an international sport that just happens to be enjoyed by some rednecks over here. Give it a bad red. Okay. I'll see him at the Okahamukha. Hamkha turnpike Plaza. 1252 at 560WQM here's more great deals. Neil deals from Tom Lim and our friend Joe Piedwood Hall at Pontiac GMC. Neil deal number one. Give a $2,000 rebate on every new GMC in Pontiac Instock that's correct at a $2,000 rebate on every new car truck in stock right now. Neil deal number two if you currently lease a run in EGM car or truck. Give a $3,000 rebate plus 0% financing for five years. No need to trade in your car truck. And there's more this Saturday stop by Hallett and see the original 1967 Pontiac GTO from movie triple X. With every purchase get a copy of triple X on DVD while the supply lasts. Nothing like a GT. Oh! Hallett Pontiac GMC will find them in the same place they've been doing great deals for folks for over 35 years. 134.01 South Tixie Highway that's used when we're across from the falls open every day seven days a week. If you want more information call the Neil deal hotline toll free from anywhere's. One Triple 8 5344211. That's one Triple 8 5344211. Don't forget, all Neil deals are subject to credit approval CDL afforded sales. Hallett Pontiac GMC will continue to be professional grades. 9.01.06.05.06. 3 years old yours. You ain't! Keeps track of everyone. You might mention my name's Rice Master Curry. Boy, I think we chopped that off, you know what I'm saying? Oh, say that. Say that. We did it again. No moment please. Back up. I think that the Lord is punishing us. Here you go. Don't go back. Much better. You must admit this thing for me. You're spending those precious two-bears per day. Very good. Oh, make it continue. Oh, make it continue. No trick. Oh, no. Hey Greg. You call that a penis? It's not 58 at 5.60. WQA. Somebody who's just astonished here. You see this from this turning in for a lot of it. Yeah. Yeah. Can't play the original condolese. Let me just say this to you, sir. It's a Goishy belt. That's all I can tell you. Sure. Play months. We have a lot of right way. Huh? He's not playing with us. No, you are. Oh, yeah, you. You. You. But anyway, it's just one of those things. We got a bunch of right wingers. We live in a fascist guy. I mean, people are getting like intercepted in shopping malls. Not because they were in protest t-shirts. We're talking about adults. It's not bad. That the kids are getting set home from school because they were in t-shirts. They haven't opinion. Give peace a chance. Yeah, give peace a chance. Give peace a freaking chance. The Beatles, John Lennon, and George Harrison are turning over in their freaking grave. How the hell are you? Exactly. That's enough to make you just crap your brains out to think what's going on now. The chilling of speech. And then, of course, when you see that Michael Powell is chimpanzee Fcc. All of the kind of these things got nothing new with the Fcc. Ask Greg Weed, he'll tell you. We don't discuss it. We just roll over and play dead, but we don't discuss these things. So that's America for you today. Anyway, we asked our speaker, we're only over and playing dead. What celebrity dead during your lifetime had the greatest impact on you? Carol O'Connor. Elvis. John Lennon. Well, we got a great list here. How's it going so far? I don't have time to read them all. Because we're, see, unlike certain other shows, which I don't want to mention, I don't want to mention them all. I don't want to mention them all. But I've got the digital clock, the time right there in front of me. I'm sitting post 24. And so I do that so that I have an idea when it's time for us to get out here. When I time is up, when a mad dog is standing by it throughout. So he comes on on time and in Hank and the rest of the stuff you're almost saying. So what time is it? Uh, 1259 35. I see. Okay. John Lennon 145, the other in hard 49, Elvis 42, Phil Harman 41, John Ballouchey 3d. Oh, and what a long and passionate thing about auto racing. Did you read this? No. Oh, my god. All I can say is, uh, whatever you like. Bye bye. I'm so glad you're show. I'm flying. I'm so glad you're show. I'm flying. I'm so glad you're show. We're talking about women. No.