uh... neo my phone lines every day our jam packed i decided that you know i've always said it takes me six months to take over i think i'm gonna take over here in a month yeah i'm gonna be like if i get here like here's baby my goal will be to get to your level you might get calls in an hour than i get in a week i think i just have every shop from here to talasy listen it's you know we're taking over that's your crown we're gonna you know what i do because you already have like a you know triple digit numbers we're gonna get you quadruple in five doubles all right it's just gonna be out rage is by the time it's time we're gonna be lipid both of us living on yachts out there and i'm gonna that crown last night's got listen what was there two people tonight just gonna be forty thousand you know the violence already called that a meal and they said that they have not had this many walk up ticket buyers for a game since the early sixties what do you think about what do you think about commenting i think what they were saying is that most of the people are gonna be there in the early sixties so i guess mowen i wasn't what do you think about commenting jersey and two i got a good story for you yesterday when Carlos was looking for his car keys he was actually doing five foot bonheets in a car however we're gonna be a virtual Clemente if he came to grave if he showed up in here right now a bit of money yes he lost his car keys in a puddle after he got done with his 15 chody of the morning he's not there yet smoke coming out of his ass when he walked in the building everybody he's beautiful over there he's usually got something in there he's just he's burning but surely oil after him he's burning wood and says he's getting his head in there with you this morning yeah i got a ankle and see hi hi me ankle i think i think i think i think see she's just what being with smoke oh my god yeah these are my acidic two friends from crown high school real fashion plates compared to the pope hey ankle what's in the guy that got killed in crown heights his name was Janko too when that guy got when that guy got murder and i thought it was you go rose ankle rose and bam was his name rose and bam you know he rose and bam's Rogers all right he's high meon call yeah i'm gonna have a wonderful day in the you two have a great time tonight man forty thousand they have a forty-class like this they have a scene class like this since have a spiel yeah right here there's more spiel man right here in the middle and pick pop stargeal right here in the middle all the Jews are coming tonight yo let's rate oh three yo big show oh yes now we pass the time away in the geo jail of all of us absolutely so as i play around the golf with moody other day yeah the go to his house to pick him up i only been the most house once let me put this way yeah it's not exactly a house uh it's a century village condo in north bokeh right off lions road to Kimberly Boulevard unit thirteen oh two and a thirteen floor oh oh oh oh look in the abandoned shuffle boy going oh oh oh what could he have paid for that thirty grand oh oh oh oh oh oh he invited me up there so i knock in the yells for me to come in and i get this he was sitting at the dining room table under an autograph picture of himself sitting at the dining room table with another picture of himself in that picture what a graph of himself sitting at a dining room table he's not a series train i'm in sharecropping they look like the set on magic game i had old people cheesy smell you know play a try to come right up with that uh what i call the prince matcha valley i'm gonna steal stinks like that cheesy valley after the dinner you should see all the panties i don't know top dress enjoy they're all covering the nude pictures allusion cobe blah blah blah blah blah blah who the hell do you think you are sput my personal piece right honey yeah wait are you gonna put some more on me well i got those for you pal you got to get a pretty early and the forth move for my career went over on me even early you know pay good oh We are going to be in the middle of the city. We are going to be in the middle of the city. We are going to be in the middle of the city. We are going to be in the middle of the city. We are going to be in the middle of the city. We are going to be in the middle of the city. We are going to be in the middle of the city. We are going to be in the middle of the city. We are going to be in the middle of the city. We are going to be in the middle of the city. We are going to be in the middle of the city. We are going to be in the middle of the city. We are going to be in the middle of the city. We are going to be in the middle of the city. We are going to be in the middle of the city. We are going to be in the middle of the city. Sounds like he enjoyed it. Anyway, 10 to 6 is 5. 16 WQM happy Wednesday too. We got a circus going on here today. What is going on in this place? I'm just sitting here observing. This is a madhouse today. Where is the donor boy with the laseed one? What are you doing? What are you doing, Optim? Say you're asked down. I'm getting an nervous stomach just watching him. He's like a goddamn whirling dervish in heat. He makes their goldfarb in a kitchen. Look like a mole. That's how slowly makes her look. Just calm down, little bit. You're just out of control. Plus you've busted your edges, though. Nice job, by the way. Excellent job. That was the accident. He's not supposed to be out there making fun of those young orthodox Getskizat there that for L.H. had on that spad. Be making fun of them. You're their choice ahead gear. They want to be living in the stone age. That's up to them, okay? He's living in the stone age and you're living in the stone age and you're just misunderstood. That's why they relate to him. Anyway, here's the result. We had a mammoth. We broke the record again yesterday. You want to know why? Cause we had a lot of pictures on there. This audience likes pictures. You bet. The more naked pictures, the better. And why don't we just make our website a porno site. We'd make a fortune. Absolutely. Or maybe that fat tub up in our land would make a lot of money to get off your ass. Seems to be a long line back there, Carlos. Oh, and speaking of a beener boy, we got a little surprise for him. I better not tell him yet, huh? But what you hid? And your mic isn't on so we don't hear you. What's the audience's enjoying that a lot? Your mic is on. Oh, they changed everything around here again. Oh, yeah, this is the overhead and here is like unbelievable. So, as usual, people are in here screwing around. Because of that crappy U.M. gave me a study. They lost. Marlon's was supposed to score one last night. Somebody forgot to tell him. Cause her cones lost five to one. And a Marlon's was supposed to be keeping in pace. And they lose five to nothing. Five to. Oh, somebody forgot to tell him to score one. We have poor for real. You know, he's got good intentions. And he thinks he's going to go out there tonight. Boy, it's going to be going to be coming from all over the place from OGIS and Opholaca from Sweetwater. They're going to be coming down from sunrise. Not. They don't care. They just don't care their crap. But, you know, he gave my remarks for trying. He'll learn. Give him to another week. Anyway, what was I just saying before I bought a beater boy? He's got, you're not going to tell him about that stuff. You're going to have to suppose to tell him. Now he's not going to piggyback the money he owes me. Oh, I'm not going to tell you then. But Miguel was in here. He said you really ought to butcher up that everybody in the building is embarrassed for you. Got to butcher up. I can't believe it. I'm not going to tell me yet. I'll see if it's related. Let him wonder what we're talking about. Here's the deal. We had on our poor yesterday. Which WQN personality do you think despises how I've David in the most? Oh, I'll wait. I'm not going to give you the result yet because we got six short of 1600 votes. That's spectacular. That is six shy of 1600 vote. What did you tell him? No. Can't believe what? I was being a nice guy. Nazaline came in here. I wanted to use it. Let her use it. And then somebody came in and stole it. Yeah. No. You know why she wanted to use it? No. She said that I smelled so gray shadow nose. No, this is the against my neck. See, that's what I use it for. How many guys here could say that? Nazaline. Yeah, but then when the beast came in and Nazaline up against your neck, that was disgusting. No, that was George. No, that was the beast. Who had his nose right on your neck and his finger in your back, though, was the disgrace. I know you don't want me to tell the audience these things. That's why I said like a circus in here today. I'm just sitting back here. Plus, I came to work with an aerobastomic anyway from watching his traffic out there. Sit down and shut up. Okay. Don't put him on. Sit down. Give him some goddamn sum of the purple ones. We'll do it. Summary ones at Moses left. No, it's just that. I come to work. I got an aerobastomic already because the traffic. I say we're going to start something on his show today. I'm going to call my good post personal friend, the governor. And we're going to have special dispensation. We're going to be allowed to shoot and meme at the very least. Maybe not kill him. Shoot rubber knuckles. Oh, right. I've had it with you assholes out there. Okay. I get in the car and I listen to the course of my way. I mean, he was not yet. Maybe Mo was saying goodbye. Whatever. And the forlc comes on and then here's bark. Morgan. Don't even get out. Five, ninety five. It's not that don't even. Well, I'm already on it. Too late. There's nowhere to turn back now. And it's crawled. And I know there's nobody here. There's no school buses. There's no school. There's no everybody with a brain is out of town. So I know that it's not because it's a lot of people here. And then he says there's like a roll over. But everything is on a median. Yeah. I'll buy four, four, four, four, four, four, five. No matter. And he's saying, but the onlooker. Now they're not onlookers. They're rubber knuckles. They're assholes. Don't be using that term onlooker's mark. I don't want to tell you how to do your job. On Q, A, M. But it's just, it's just, There are fewer things in a world than that. That just drive me nuts. Just make me crazy. Took me on goddamn. I've got them hour to get here. We love how he's by the way. Six orders of bacon. Oh, oh, love it. Six. And I suck those down like, well, because all the stuff going on here. Love it. A lot of pressure. A lot of tension. Everybody bouncing off the walls. About crazy Jews with beanies running around in here. See, this used to be like, I don't know what. Like a Chinese laundry. Now maybe it might be a little radio wish. I'm not too sure. I bet you we got over 1600 votes on that thing. I bet you anything. Time's to don't let 16.04. We'll give you the result in a minute. We'll also take a look at that. I'm concerned about this hot couple's contest. Because so far, pretty one side. Here's Miguel, I think he's a hot shot now. Okay. Well, you got part of it right. You just forgot to dot the eye. Oh, thank you so much for bringing our beany back. He was flying around the building. Our early bird beany. Yeah. You know, I was a big pirate spanner those days. Bob prints the greatest of all time. He was the best to gunner was the best and the possum gunner went to possum. My angel and he's they were out this morning at 7.30. But probably when I swear to god when I pulled up, they were in the rental car sleeping and they were praying. Were they going to die when they were diving? Now, to these guys, did they have like the full, not just the head gear, but they have like the tallest and the whole thing on. They had the past. Were they were they laying to fill in? I guess they wanted to show for all that they wasn't the only guy could get laid. They were laying to fill in right in the studio. Well, I must have smelled pretty good. It's not like a septic tank basement. And then it's weird if you want to have like reminisce about it and feel like you're back home again. All you got to do is drive over to Arthur Godfrey Road on Miami Beach on a nice hot day like today. And take a sniff. Oh my god, you'll you'll swoon. It'll be. Do that if that's the worst week in the life. I'd rather be hit by lightning. Don't give them a bar of coast because the only thing we know how to do with is drop it. Anyway, join George tonight for happy our five to seven of Treasure Island. Look at it off the palm meter. There's some interesting stuff going on with Treasure Island. But we'll talk about it later. Just though that they hundred twenty second street exit, stop by to win prizes. Beers specials check out this week's feature. Terrow wild. She'll drive you wild. And I see Peter voice not going to be there because he's going to be at the ball game. Am I right? No. Well, doesn't say that's just George usually says you end book a line and make you all. To write those things on. I see. Well, join me. I'll let you people from your disparados. Guys who are really really desperate. 10 14 by 10 we're getting a little bit behind here. You're not. And it is you know what it is. Don't you it's Wednesday. Oh, which means we got that big one to two are. Thank God. Because I'm just I'm never going to catch up with all of this stuff. Just really thrown off of my whole routine with you rubber nicking assholes out there this morning. No excuse for it. There's absolutely there's nothing to see. There's no dead bodies. There's no blood. There's no guts. There's just a few cars in a couple of cops in the ambulance pull over probably in the middle of the medium. Which I never got that far. Thank God. And that's it. How do you know they're no dead bodies? What is there to see what are you slowing down for you as whole as you? Well, I hate you. Everyone of you rubber nickers man. You should only die. Not just die like a regular death, but a wicked death. The spies rubber nickers. And of course there's something about being in the deep south. I'm not saying that we have the, you know, the franchise on a exclusive. But believe me, when you're in the deep south because the deeper you get the dumb or they get. And look how far we're hanging right down. They're almost a goddamn Cuba. Hey, let's call Castro. How low can they go? Now the financial group does the limbo rock under the lowest finance rate you ever heard of. How low does 1.95% it's true. Now you can refinance your homer by you a new homer. Get a super low 1.95% financing rate with financial group. 1.8 headred 9 for Oland is the number of calls that's hung out about it. 1.899 for Oland. If you're even thinking about refinancing or buying real estate, call financial group at 1.899 for Oland. And talk about savings when and out check this out. If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan, your payments are only 360 at a month. If you have you a 200 thousand dollar loan, your payments are just 736 a month. Confinential group 1.89 for Oland. Get the low low rate you've been looking for 1.95%. 1.89 for Oland. That's financial group there. An equal housing letter. Credit restrictions apply rates of good change monthly 5.19 APR. Why in local? Here's sports radio 560's you a 2 AM. I'm dying out of the hair. That's a loony. When it hit a home run with the girlfriend? Yeah. Work it out. Then you got to try Sammy Soses, Corks condoms. I used that path for batting practice. I mean you just had it again. Hit harder. Hit farther. Never strike out. With Sammy Soses, Corks condoms. Maybe made of illegal materials. If you're sorry, I just know a college I would be body. And hit a grand slam with Sammy Soses, Corks butt plug. You know I never use anything. Please. Funny after 10. So in other words you're going to be a treasure island. You're going to zip out over to the ball game to the hot tub. And hope you're going to get laid. Which ain't going to happen by the way. He'll make up stories. He's not going to lay. He might. They'll be hose. The only hose he's going to see is the garden hose. It's like attached to the centerfield fence out there. That's the only hose he's going to see. Unless he's checking out his own. Oh, I speak of that. That the baby world business. That is so embarrassing. The girl came in baby. He was he was virtually shaking. He was like just spitting bloody with so pissed off. He said only little babies and girls use whatever that's what is he's on the load. I want that you're that does violet water. Baby colored violet water only little spick babies. That's what we love Carlos. What does that have to do with it? It's embarrassing. Nobody wants a smell like a little spick baby. But I guess when you bathe in the sink for like an hour and a half. Seriously, if he spent as much time. We'd have the bedtime to be sent to his honor by 830 in a morning. If he spent as much time getting his nose to the grindstone. It makes me more lovable. And by the way, if I end up going to that baseball thing. Yeah. Then what would you mean if you end up going to it? Because I wasn't supposed to go. But I'll show it there after treasure out. But if I end up going to go. But I mean you weren't supposed to go. That's all you've been talking about for two days is how you're going to go there. And you got somebody got you in. That asshole sales got it used to hit like poison until he sucked your ass. No, my buddy, chuckle. Yeah, that one. No, but that was for third guy. They hit like poison that you said bitched you out that day and said you were a piece of crap and liar. Yeah, but he knows better. He knows that kick is a people in this building are so easy. You'll kick his ass. I'll take a damn feed tall. You'll kick his ass on a step ladder. You don't know me. I'll make the hole. Yeah. You don't want to see me want to make me. I know. I don't want to see a period. Angry or otherwise take the shades up by the way. I'll put an asshole. So you're going to go to the game. If I do the game. No, you gotta go to the game. See, this whole thing you're going to let for a while. He's going to the very, what is this? How many waces have been doing the full time thing? Three, two and a half. I think it's only two and a half. So he's not even through his third week full time on a area. And he's already going to know what a horse ball town is. Because nobody's going to show. I'm listening to coming in this morning in the middle of all that rubber neck and traffic. And these assholes are, oh yeah. I'll see in section 147. Scott, I have for out. I'm, if all the people that call them showed up they'd have a crowd. What is he battling about? What was Miguel Bablin about? There's people lined up outside. There's people lined up outside for what? Got, got, got, got. To go to the ball. He's pretty thick. But what is that all about? See, got more tickets for given away? Would be, I hate it and runs. It would be nice if somebody would let us know what Hallows go on. Because if there's a bunch of people lined up outside. Maybe they want to lynch those two Husses in there. We're in here, I don't know. What is it? What they lined up for? Maybe they want to see a freak boy out there to front desk. Maybe they want to pull his, give him a ring. Let's see. They're lined up. How many people are lined up? Don't just come in here and make some kind of a wild stare. They're like a whole bunch of people? A fall. Get out of here. Go away. Go back to your desk and call up a Fidel. Will ya? God, five people lined up outside. I told ya. We know how many people for Rulls go to the ball game. About 30 men? Yeah. Which is more than there be there. I mean, I'm getting credit for trying, but it's just beaten a dead horse. You're flogging it. Yesterday we asked which WQN personality do you think this spies is more Howard David at the most? And if there's one thing we know at that he is reviled in this building. That's absolutely. Neal 563 votes. I went hands down and I would say those who voted for me. You are. That's the only correct. And man, and whatever else you might be. Gildy 266. George was right on Gildy's ass. In fact, Gildy kept like chewing him away like a horse. Shoes away a fly. 235 right on Gildy's ass. Who's more Howard David at 171? I think the answer is you don't want to know. Joel Rose 95 after his spectacular outburst on Saturday. Even a mad dog made reference to that yesterday. Do you hear that? Yes, I guess. Give him high marks for that. Everyone in the building isn't present. Square very impressed with Joe Rose. We didn't know where he had it in him. Hank moved up nicely. I guess the hopper. I don't know if he made any comment about it because I sure wasn't listening to her combates boy yesterday. But that's right. That was last night. So Hank had a full show. He must have ate some comment because he moved up nicely to 84. By the way, Mo, you didn't come in third and that pull that you were pushing. What a liar this man is. I hear him this morning. I'm coming and he's talking about the pull. He's saying Gildy's got a bonus coming because they got if they were in the top three and that pull. I mean, and he said they came in third time with Ferrell. We're talking to one on a QA and website. Right. They came in about fifth, which even Joe and Mark beat them out. Right. You lie so much. The numbers were right there. We read them right on the air. It's like people lie about their ratings. The numbers are right there. You can try to twist them and yank them and spin them. Jesus man, you didn't come in third. Maybe you got it. Like his tongue in a quarter of his cheek. Maybe he meant. You turn. Yeah. That's what he was saying. Hank 84 votes. The B79 beast did very well. Of course, everybody knows that Mo got him kind off that show and they realize why he hates him like poison. The B79 mad dog 71 who's not saying too much. He get when you ask him how he's get along with how he'd give like hand signals. Generally the same finger. But he doesn't. He knows what side his butt is butter down. He's got to get along with him on those ball games. So he doesn't say too much, but he makes a lot of hand gestures and a lot of facial expressions. Scott for Maloney 14 because he hasn't been here long enough. Plus he still wants to free booze. Carlos Bina boy had 12. Where did he go again now? Who does? I'm serious. I want you. You remember the TV set in Requiem that she had with a change. She had the same chain of the guy named Dor. I want you to chain his ass down to the guy named chair. This man's out of control. Moses must have brought him something special today because he this guy is just a hyperventilating. Bina boy had 12, 80k 9, Zach had 9. Iced gone Zach and Joe Costello had only five because Joe is just a level guy. He likes everybody. Probably a little bit too much for his own good. Now I'm looking before we do today's poll. I'm looking at the hot couple's contest. I'm very disturbed about this. Yeah. Aren't you? It would be nice. I mean, I can't tell people out of vote. And I'm not even seeing who I voted for. And I have no problem with who's ahead or who's close. But it's just there would be I still have a race because the thing is up there all week long till nice Monday morning a 10 an a.m. And right now it's a runaway. It's a like secretary in the Belmont. Frank and Liz are got 448 votes. How many I wonder how many votes we had total last time we did this? Well over a thousand. They want all the point I'm trying to make to you is that that was up for a week. And this the first day we got the if I can never get to the bottom here to the bottom of it 1449 already. Yeah. See what I'm saying? There must be a record somewhere. Or record of what we had. Yeah. Don't wake up Eric. Okay, he's taking that now. I was under a lot of stress here to put that new poll up momentarily. Okay, so Frank and Liz are just way in front of the pack. They got 448 votes. Which means everybody thinks they're lovely or they got a lot of friends. Or both. Brian and Natasha moved up 174, which is good. They deserve to be right up there, right? I'm not making any of the tour comments though. Holly and Darren 130, they're in third place. Fourth place Ian and Jen 130. Mary and Shane got 118 there in fifth place. Mike and Chris and 100. Nice even 100. Nice total but not competitive so far. Greg and Stephanie 90. Captain sing at his wife 68. Nice head gear, Captain sing and you'd probably have more votes if you had some better magazines. Oh and Captain sing. I can't find the package that you'd love to hear for Neil a couple months ago. He looks at package. That's what he said. Hmm. Probably, what's a pretty Carlos ran off of it. And speaking of Carlos, seriously, he started to get me real aggravated. You know what takes a lot to get me real aggravated during the show. But he started to get me like psychotic. Vicky and Mick 63 votes. And then in Michelle 61, I'll give all results because everybody, we appreciate the pictures. Dan and Sherry, about 30 exactly 30 rich in Sherry will 22. And in last place at the moment, Joody and Kevin 15. See, Joody and Kevin was a bad what? He wanted to make sure that you saw that he's giving me Marlon's tickets. I don't see people that wanted to Marlon's tickets. I want to tell you this, okay. Before we start killing the rubber knickers, we have some more to do inside the building. We see, you can make a Marlon's, I mean, you know, how much I look for well. But the bottom of the line is, I know what he cares about to freak in Marlon's. I'm not going to, I've been here too long to throw this show down a toilet for Marlon crap. Okay, would Marlon drop in? Nobody cares. There are 10,300 last night, 10, 6 on Monday, last night, 10, 3. 10,300. That was allegedly. That was including the ones they gave away. It wasn't to drop them astreet. There was somebody illegally on some of the homeless people who weren't working. On a corner up here? What is it? What do you got there? Don't talk to him? 2,933. Oh, that's not bad. That was the first one? Right. So we had a little bit of the second. That's the last one. So we had almost 3,000. But the point I'm making in just one day, we got almost 1500 on this one. So evidently people are going to, I started to say before before we got interrupted with this Marlon's crap. I think we ought to start making our website into a pornographic website. What do you say? We'll start now. We'll get forget about that guy named Fudge Report. Draw them to go. Have a bite. So what is the purpose of those Marlon tickets that he gave you? What is that supposed to prove? In other words, because he put them in your hands, in other words, somebody's taking him as he's trying to prove. George ain't going to be there. I'll bet you were alive on it. George ain't going to be there. No chance in his pants. He'll be a treasure island anyway. And so are you supposed to be a treasure island? You're going to be at the Marlon game? You're a fuller crap. 29 pay your such a suckhold. You're so fuller crap. He's got his Marlon's jersey on and the whole thing. You're just sucking up to for a while. By the way, he don't like spicks. Let me tell you right now, if your car pretends to be in Spain, if they look like really nasty, maybe stink real bad too. Probably because he haven't had him clean in a long time. Dry concepts will come into your home and perform a closest thing to a miracle in his view of your life. Because without lifting a finger, you can sit back and watch them do that dry cleaning thing that they do. They're the only ones in a world who do it. It's an exclusive patent method. And it sucks out the deep down dirt way in the fibers of your carpet. In fact, it's the only sucking that's allowed brow account of these days. And when it get done, your carpet smell, let me first. They're drying a couple of hours. And you'll believe that you had everybody else rolled to. You had brand new carpeting laid. Because that's how good it's going to look and feel in smell. Not only you're carpeting, but your drapes, your expensive area, your rugs, your oriental rugs, your poultry, your leather furniture. You're having problems with pet odors and milledow odors, cost-bob water damage. They'll make those disappear like magic too. And when you call dry concepts, which I've done for over 20 years now, you don't have to worry about rip off your scams or games. Because they give you a guaranteed price up front before they start doing a spectacular job. Call them tool for you. You'll never dream of calling anybody else. 1-800-248-5071. 1-800-248-5071. And when you call dry concepts, you really can clean today. Entertain tonight. 9-800-248-5071. This is for 25-60. 2-800-248-5071. Brilliant. Done as dirt. 2-800-248-5071. Michaelizer. 2-800-248-5071. 2-800-248-5071. It don't get 2-800-8071. What are you doing over there? I'm sorry, so I just couldn't reach the phone. I could reach the world. 1-800-8071. I'm sorry. Get on the ball over there. Ok. What are you all hung over? How would your mighty dick? Who's there? The hockey kids. Oh, the N.I. Mighty Ducks. Oh, what a successful story. Oh, but I've never seen it. Sell it. Well, that team are terrible. So they're in the Stanley Cup finals. What does that mean? Well, they're in the championship of the nation. I say that. I'm not in the sport anyway. I'm one of a poor mouse or mouse. Forget about the ducks. It's a stupid name anyway. Who came up with it? Well, I did, so we remember we had that. Oh, I mean, terrible. I see you hanging out with that straight brim on your hat. You look like a boar on. Next to Charlie Sheen. No, no, no, no, no, that was a million. That's the best. The star. I think it's the same kid. Terrible. The mighty ducks. I mean, they're really entertaining. It's a great family dog. You care about the dick. Oh, what? Hang on a minute. Yes, sir. Oh. Oh. Oh, my. Oh, my God. What the hell is wrong with you, Raymas? Oh, no, feel well, boss. You're almost white. Yeah, I'm pale, boss. Oh, has some bad Chinese. Some bad Chinese. Yeah, they're downtown, boss. Ling. Ling's a panda. Well, boss, I got to go. I get away from me. It's like a brewery. Oh, my God. God. Oh, come on. I've never guessed it. I've never guessed it. Well, things are going very well over here. You know, we have the mighty ducks who Stanley Cup final. Terrible, so I'm. And we also have the finding Nemo movie which is doing very very well. Yeah, let me leave. Let me ask you a question. Yes. Why do I have a check for $4 million on my desk and the thing made 70 million? What kind of deal do we have with XR? Well, we sort of. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Did you do it? I think I've pulled myself off. You're a poof yourself. We've been getting out of the office. We are. My own. My own. My own. I need a stick up in here. I see. Did you get sir? It came up to me. I am. And it is. And it is. The my eye. Okay, well, sir, would you like tickets for the mighty ducks? I told you the silver dicks. Change the name of that thing anyway. It's a new name. We got to keep it. Make it the meat. This is the meat. What are meat? Meat is one of the most. That just my. Are you corrected me? No, no, sir. That's good. I hate it. Think I'm getting a walk home. Oh, speaking to my kid. He even walked me. Got some very bad news. A true story. Did we find any information out about him? Trice, Bradford, the former dolphin running back in our group. Our group. Personal friend and sales. Who's one of the few people we got in our sales department that we actually like. In fact, I guess we got Adam and Troy. Right Carlos likes Jack. Troy and Adam. I'm trying to think of somebody else. We like in sales. But anyway, he haven't only had a back thing this morning. A back spasm or some kind of a spastic attack. And the sales people had to like help them up. And he'd like tears in his eyes. And maybe like cut down when from screw in. Maybe that's why those bad tears. But anyway, they had like help them up. And we went to the hospital. So we hope Troy's okay. We love you, Troy. That's what happens when you play football. And you like bust out your back. And you take a lot of steroid. I mean, anyway, speaking of people, he'll be making too long. Yesterday, I mentioned that B.D. boys got two strikes against him. The, the, the, the, the spoky's number one. What was number two? I forgot. Bacon and coke. Oh, the bacon and a go all the coax with a sugar and a carcinogens. And number three. And I take a look at his push. He is that faces his red is that. Yeah, it's that yam. I'm a kid. You got sitting there on top of your TV. He said, that's skin cancer man. Make no mistake about it. He's been baking in the sun. Baking like a potato. I'm telling you. Maybe that's his new hobby now. Bacon. Maybe he can't afford sunscreen. Maybe he's making bacon. Well, I understand they got his great Spanish baby lotion. No, it does wonders for your post like you. It does wonders for your pussy. And based on the sounds from up. We're hearing today. So far, I don't want to go into it. Anyway, here's the poll today. We already got some votes on it. I'll tell you this has been a frantic week. Thank God. I'm not here to off. And I can't stand this. A dot ring old fool like me. Especially the drive to work through me off for the whole day today. Welcome home. No, no seriously. I was like spinning blood in the car thinking this is what I'm here for. I mean, don't give me wrong. I love my car. I enjoy driving in my beautiful Corvette. It's a mean machine man. But you're not driving it. You're just sitting there. They won't let you. You're just sitting there and sputtering and spewing and hating. Hating. What is wrong with you, asshole? I'm under something over there. I don't want to miss it. Might be a head. Yeah. Hopefully there's. Which of these do you care about most? Here's the poll today. And we already got 54 votes. I haven't even put it on the area. They're hot to try on that website. I'll tell you. That's because they want to make a, what's his name? A lot of money up there. Your friend. 54 votes on a poll already. Here's the question. What's it these do you care about most? I don't know. I don't think you're going to be a piece. Which I see is now in first place. I'll not say that is. We're lucky. Okay. Why, why is that? I didn't vote for that. No, I didn't either. I know what you voted for the same one. I did. Kids using cell phones at school. That's what I voted for. Oh, I didn't vote for that. I'm not going to not tell you what I voted for. All right. But I'll cast your, I should have voted for that. I don't think anybody else did yet either. By the way, you guys over there on L. Seoul, you're getting a lot of free publicity on TV. No, nobody voted for Fidelity also for. You thought you'd never have a expression one trick pony. That's what those guys are. Oh, we sure fool that guy. We made that crank. And we got to know all Ben Odyssey, but he was swearing and espionage all. Oh, got him a lot of attention. I saw that this morning. I'm sitting there in my living room. Why, and I flipped over to channel seven news. And I thought to myself, you know, I could leave here for 100 years. And come back and nothing would change. It's still be bitching about the Dell. And it's still be doing the same crap. And as Robert Eckers, it still be out there getting everybody, hemorrhoids and the homeless voice would still be showing. Still be standing there in a goddamn corner. And what's that thing that Moses was telling us about a homeless tax now? In Dave County, is there really such a thing? There's a homeless tax? I never heard of that. I'm all in favor of it. If, if at the same time, we'd outlaw those homeless voice assholes from being out there in the street. I'll be glad to pay a homeless tax with the taxes force to get them off of there. Probably they're subsidizing them with it. Which of these do you care about most? Can I finish the list please? Middle East peace, kids using cell phones at school, Fidel Castro, how about Fidel? Oh, good evening, Blake. When is most last day on the year? The Florida, the Florida Marlins, who will be the Dolphin starting quarterback? And is that for Rals Real Voice? Those are the choices I'm excellent choices as Neil puts on under the word as really great polls. A spectacular poll if he acts me. Don't forget it's Wednesday, so one or two we got those comedy bits. It's a great. It's a great deal. By the way, Duff, we repeat after me. I am a silly person, okay? Quit wearing that stupid batting helmet around the station. Quit everybody in here now is sucking up big of a fever. No, they don't have any fever. He might have a fever, but for different reasons. He was probably in key West last weekend. Anyway. No, seriously, you don't need to suck up to Fidel. He's not looking for that. He knows that where he stands about seven feet tall. So what's this big line of a people would get out there for Marlins tickets? Five people, five people. Another a nun. There were five. That was it. That was the action. There were five. Yeah. And the rush man. And now there are zero. And I wish him luck. I said, I'll look at a world for him for him personally because he's a good guy. But he just, you're really straight. We're always swimming upstream man. You're against the tide. You try to force feet hollow up to glam and it just ain't going to work. Maybe his classinen can do it. Maybe they can like hold them down and shove it in their posts and the hollow of a two. Ten? Hi, you know about us how to say the man. Once they're making like 20, 30 babies, they'll do anybody. They'll do like telephone poles, fire hydrants. 10, 42 at 5, 60 WQA. I'm a good friend. Moses was in here this morning. I'm hooking him up with a mattress from our friends at Dilemma. I don't even dare think about what he and his underrated girlfriend are going to be doing on it. Now she's not really underrated. Just don't answer. One quick call to 1,800 mattress, 1,800 FATTR. He's looking good by the way. He must have cut down a little bit on the steroids. 1,800 mattress. And you'll just won't believe how easy it is to shop for a fantastic mattress that you can do all kinds of things even some illegal in Broward. And they got only the top merchandise. No second, no off-brands, no discontinued sets. They carry over the best makers in the universe. Seely and service Simmons temper, pedic. No sales gimmicks, no false promises, no BS. They've got the high end beds too. If you got some big bucks, you really want to great night's sleep. Seely's crown jewel line. Top models from every brand at everything they have in stock is an unbeatable price. It's a double price every day. Not special bogus sales, but every day low prices that are unbeatable. So call 1,800 MATTRES right now. If you're going to get to the date and time for delivery that fits you schedule it to our window. Nobody in the world besides them does that. So call them today. You'll be sleeping with a big smile on your post tonight. Maybe get lucky too. Dilemanctris call 1,800 MACRES, 1,800 MATTRES or check them out at www.micris.com. Like now, usually I don't do this, but let me tell you a little bit about the wheels that I drive to work in. Now I'm not trying to be rude, but you can really get screwed. By those dealers trying to sell you, your automobile brand new. See I don't need the fancy grills. All those new cop smells. I've had my baby 20 years, chicken on those stripped out gears. See the horn go through. And the horn go through. You've got a four on the floor. It got a four of its doors, but got a hell of a lot more. It needs a brand new ignition. It got a broken transmission. It got some holes in the body. You got rotten rear fenders. It's in leaks like the sun of a gun. But I'm like so what it runs. It's a piece of you know what? Did you but at least it's paid for a ha ha. Absolutely. That 48 and 560, 12 before I knew a new one. One clock, we're almost out of here. Couple two at 560 QA and what is it went by fast in it? 133 votes on a pull already in just a matter of moments. Which of these do you care about most? Now that I announced the pull on the air, the results are changing just the wee bit. When is most last day on the air 51? It is number one moving into first place. You're doing it, Moll. Absolutely. Middle East peace 34. Pull me to the open starting quarterback. Brian, we see 16. I think I mentioned yesterday that I think that everybody on the station will agree. Although I haven't heard the Humper's comment, Brian, we see will be the starting quarterback. And if you really are a dull fan, you'd be praying for that. Those hot seedimoths, they're ought to be rubbing their mizzises. They ought to be doveting and kissing a wall, the wailing. They were kissing something and there's what I heard. Seriously, they'd be rocking back and forth and dominant. Oh yeah, Brian, we see. They should. It makes a great effect with the mic. Yeah, they're good. That's that was the idea of it, see. It's a radio show. Hubbing the off and starting quarterback seven. And the ironic part of it is when you got Orthodox Jews praying against a fever. It was a nice Jewish boy. We like you personally, Jay, please don't take it personal. You know, it's not personal. It's only business because it often fans would like to negotiate somebody. They'd like to win a couple of playoff games, something like that. We'll have to get to Dave once that I'll make him an off-re game. Who's going to be the often starting quarterback 17? Is that for Al's real voice 12? Kids using cell phones at school, which Mike Mayo had a very good comment about yesterday. If I do say so myself, nice going. Mike, it's about time. Jesus. What? That call? I got it right here. Why, you want to talk about it? Well, I want to save it, take it home, frame it. No, you want to talk about it. Then I won't do it. I'll save it for you because I only got after day or what? 11? What? It'll be old by then. Don't make it into law by then. Okay, then I won't come into moral. What? Now I just want to come into moral now. I'll let you do the show and I'll let you talk about Michael Mayo and he. No, because you got kids at least one kid in the school and the other one on the way. Right? Time for he says time for schools to teach cell phone use not ban it. Right on. He's right. Yes. He's right. He's absolutely correct. Well, I will say just like the just like the assholes on a rubber necklace on a highway. And I'm not talking about kids so much. I'm talking about adults adults with cell phones assholes with cell phones in restaurants and movie theaters in anywhere. Anyway, stores. Wow, you know, like at the hockey games. I can understand we got one guy sits in front of me a little bit down. I think he's a per meter. Something I don't know what he is a doctor. And he's got a cell phone. He's got a heavy. He's got his beeper a cell. If there's an emergency's got to go like like, like, if I, uh, he's also on passions. But these other idiots that are staying in there talking to each other on a cell phone. Talking to people are like, you know, a few yards away. They could reach out to slap him in the head. Hey, here I am over here. By the way, the games going on asshole. Oh, what game is there a game going on here? It's, it's just, it is what it is. And that's not just a thing here. That's everywhere. Everywhere in, not just in this country, not just on this continent, but in the world. Now, every asshole on a planet has got a cell phone. Headhunters and Borneo. Oh, my God. They got their guide damn cell phone out and they watch you to know about it too. And the best part of it is people that are really like rude. Like in the library, we're not going to go to the library, but I'm just thinking, Can you imagine you got your cell phone in the library? What's supposed to be real quiet? People are concentrating and they're reading their studying. They're watching porno. And they're trying to concentrate, you know? Right. And some asshole, selfo. And then they sit there and they're talking out loud on their cell phone. It's that it just grabbing it and running out in the hall or somewhere, you know, Which anybody with a brain would do that or just put it on silence, So it takes messages while you're there. I'll tell you, does that a lot? Maybe because they haven't been in a cultured right. I don't want to say it in Dark Force. I mean, I do that a lot. Seriously? Yeah. Talk out loud on the cell phone where they're like in the middle of a bunch of people. Root. How loud. That's right. How's he doing? Which is interesting, may you should play that because you got that beanie sitting up there. Mommy, got it stuck. Might be those awful days that I'm going to show. What I last about 15 minutes? Thanks a lot for making a jackass out of me, I usually do a pretty good job myself, but what we sure had a lot of help. That was one of the most embarrassing episodes. She liked the audio on our throat too, I was hurt a word. But anyway. No, it's forget about it. Just pretend it never happened. That worked for me. What? So anyway, the cell phone thing now. Did I read the whole list here or not? I don't know because I keep interrupting my son. I'm starting to get his hyper is all arrested here. It's probably because it's most as brought me all those drugs. When is most last day on the year 64 we have 165 votes already? Middle East peace 42. As Donnie Brasco would say, forget about it. We'll be the dolphin starting quarter back 22. Oh, we're talking. And I'll tell you right now, Brian Greasy, he couldn't hold a candle to Tom Brady. Okay, he might enjoy it. But he couldn't hold a candle to him. 27 votes for that. Is that for Al's real voice 14? Kid using cell phones at school 12, so even a George voter for that. Well, you know, this audience don't care about kids. They have them. No, they don't care about them. You've got that. Because all the times over the years I've tried to talk about anything having to do with school, with F.K. Would education would crowd at school. They don't care. They don't care. Which is why you got that asshole governor right now. Why he got in again? Fidel Castro. All right. Now we're making some progress. Some of your people are going to be really excited about this. 8 people care most about Fidel to help with Fidel. And in last place, sucking wind again is usual as far. And this is disaster on this day of all days. Monashdana Halala Azze. As the Orthodox Howcidum Wackos would say, the Marlins only seven votes. Only seven people care the most about the Marlins. They're not going to come in last again, aren't they? On a poll. That would be bad. That would be embarrassing, especially on the day that Fidel is hypid it so much on your Marlins station when they had 10,300 and outs last night on a beautiful summer night. It wasn't raining last night. We got the way not the way early yesterday. Right. It was a decent evening. It was like under the 100, 100. They didn't have any mosquitoes, bigger and bowling balls. They didn't have any mosquitoes last night. What was the mosquitoes last night? We don't give a crap. That's the mosquitoes. The same as mosquitoes that were also going to find their tonight. And Miguel would his Marlin thing coming out coming in here and being a professional spick. Ah, look at that. And he's also trying to pedal Marlin to think it's to us, which we don't want. I wouldn't go if they paid me by the pitch. I'm telling you that right now. Yeah. If they paid me by the pitch, if they brought Matt Mantey back to pitch for the Marlin's and the night thinning and he was pitch and restart naked, I still wouldn't go there. How do you like that? If Tom Brady was standing there right in a home plate with an erection, I still wouldn't go start naked. I wouldn't go there. I would not go. It's not because I'm negative. I'm present to anybody's parade. It's just because I've lived through all of this. And how much does it take? How many years does it take me for a final get the message in his town? About 30 minutes. God. Now we can't blame for all because he's the new kid on a block. And he's doing his best. He thinks he's doing something great in positive. He's trying to whip people up to a fever pitch. He might as well be doing a show in this town. A guy named Forest Lawn Cemetery. Whipin' people up into a frenzy. I mean, most been here long enough. Even he admits not it's a hopeless cause. Absolutely. That's going to get a lot of airplay. Make no mistake about that. Am I right? Absolutely. That's not George Foreman. He's doing a slie. Okay. I mean, and then somebody calls an order. I think he's doing a slice alone. Uh, my teeth ache. My teeth just ache. From some of you people out there. Okay. Gorgeous. Exactly. That's what those two have seen him said this morning. Ha ha ha. Oh, man. If they knew how anti-Semitic he was. So you hear about his girlfriend? I hear she's a hot number. Oh, and I want to say one other thing. And again, I'm not. I'm a scottom. I've tried time. How you do your show. I never play that game. But I do give my opinions. And I will continue doing that. I love for real. But that tub of crap that sits in there with him sucking his ass. See the new deal is for hours in there. A hyperventilating about his girlfriend. What they did last night and how long they did it and how long he lasted. But but and in the back of you. Are you open up the a centerfold and playboy in the back of you? From that desperate fat little tub. Who's in there trying to blow in Carlos's ear this morning, which I thought was disgusting. That was just before we looked at baby or a lot above the back of his neck. I stay away from that tub. But I'm telling you, I cover my back though. I was you. Clarence turned him down. Stay away from the beast. Because it's one thing by long distance. I learned to despise that creature. But actually being in here and seeing him now. Oh, you have no idea. He makes me wild when I see him. Well, and that's right. I'd be rubbing a back of mine too because if you had any idea where that tongue was. First it was in Greg's. I don't keep him on the air. Then it was in dumps. He believed me. He's had a lot of company there. Then of course now it's in for else. I don't know what was in ours for a while too. Remember he was sucking up to us because he thought he was going to be on a ear fillin and stuff like that. He was to fillin. Well, I guess what you're not to fillin on this show. Be scared out of here. I want to see you anymore. You're just physically revolting. What what is he? What is he spritzin on? And tied back to your logical history. What is that? That's not that same stuff you took away from Missile. It's anti-bacteriological handwall. Good. Good. I'd rub died to keep rubbing at until your until the skin on your neck was down like one layer. A whole bottle man. Yeah, just smear it on there. Get that because when he finds out that he had a back of his neck sucked by the beast. He didn't just lick it. He sucked it. And your neck too. Ten. He's he's disgusting. And after he shined us with that hole at whole episode, you know. See, did he? Would balance for like, well, he? Oh, that. Oh, I was talking about that other one. What, what other episode was that? When he had a whole week to tell you the real story and he kept promising to on the year and the, ah, yeah, he's a pussy. Talks to good game. I'm going to do that if you ever knew he is just, he's just a tease. Okay. I'm going to waste my time with a tease. They better release look good. Ten like Moses. Ten 58 at five, 60 WQM. This isn't a tease. This is for real. It's a great story. We're all you fat people go hang out and buy some really good stuff. Delights a West Boca. Your number one low carb store in the entire universe over 900 low carb sugar free products and waiting for it right out delights. They're introducing new ones every month and this month is no exception. Try their new low carb instant cup of soup just add water and microwave. Try the new almond stat cakes, blondies and six different flavors. The at last, that's the brand they met last talk with Chris Benchoff at min bars with no multidol. Thank God. That's right. Know that stuff that will give you that laxative effect. And that couldn't snow on it. They called it at last. They have a carburetor right waiting to drink chocolate but no less shakes. A low carb meal in the can and brand new duties low carpine at britable with unbillatively great taste and list goes on and on. They got a low carb hot cocoa apple cider, blondies and brownies and a great selection of low carb pasta's sauces dressing chips, chocolates and their world famous carbolite ice cream too. The lights of West Boca's got all the egg and brands products. The books of vitamins, they're on sale all day every day. Their staff knows dieting inside and out. They're open every day. Ten to ten. They're located on the northeast corner of Glades in 441. Right next to Boston Market in Boca probably right down when from Mamos House. Call him toll free at 1-877 low carb or shop him on the web at lowcarb.com. Don't forget the lights of West Boca is your official atkins retail center. 5. This is 560. 3 years old yours. You a- The cow, Aaron's coming. The story that had ignorant fat ladies clutching their bosoms. Grabbing this fall on Fox. The first of countless TV movies called Saving Private Lines. We have just around and release the prisoner. Hello? Hello? All clear? The boy camera crew. Okay, I'm pretty much ready. Let's get a shoulder level shot of the truth. Go early again. She's still having a gag on her face. You okay, Jessica? I'll write it in a minute. You'll be shocked and saddened that how stupid you are getting dupe once again. My another spin event. Glemeli Corria, grafted by the real brain spine. The presidency. Are we in Rome? Who's that guy? Doesn't matter. You didn't over. Let's get some lighting in that room, please. Where's my gaffer? I don't want the back boy. Can we get a bag of bones? Saving the private lint. You'll be in a box. It's hard on the box. It's a level 3 at 560 WQM. It's a little party in the room there. I see what's going to happen this week. At least tomorrow the rest of the day in non- Friday is going to put Carlos out in the hall with a computer. We have a folding car table. That's what we're going to have to do because basically what we've got now is George has got a boyfriend in there. I'm not here. I don't have to sit here and look at it. But sitting here and watching. I'm in here and I'm saying the new broad it's doing the log. She's got the same spot back to back. And I'm trying to like sense some information in there. I thought I thought I didn't. The two of that man is like a couple of Spanish butterflies. It's whatever's going on in there. It must be fantastic. And I think what they're doing is divving up the drugs that Moses brought. They're arguing over who's getting the purple ones who's getting the blue ones. We see he's got the beat red ones because that's his face. I'm serious if he don't have a melanoma. I've never seen anything. I was yesterday. Wait, redder than he was today. I'd be rubbing some of that goddamn lotion on there. It's what I would be doing. Some of the stuff that the beast was trying to stick in your foot. It's the lotion in the basket. But I look better now. I don't look as pasty. You don't look better. You look like a man is on a verge of a big melanoma. Is what you look like. If you think it's funny, the guy smoking cigarettes. He's eaten bacon by the pound. And he's standing out in the stunner. He's lying under the overpass in the daytime. We're not even one of those. What do they call those things? Those metallic things that you put. Oh, yeah. The neck mirrors. Right. That's right. Like the pasties. That's what you need. In fact, maybe you could use the one at the beast. But he don't need it because he doesn't have any neck. Well, no, seriously. No neck Brian. That used to be his nickname at U.N. Before he came here. No neck Brian. No neck no brains. No class. No common sense. Just get stay off the air. Okay. We want to hear for real. Be smooth. I want to hear you go. Look at the. We know you're desperate. We know you couldn't get laden. Amsterdam and with a hundred dollar bill in each hand. But how do you kidn it? Like it's a big bulletin that he's desperate. Anyway, what you're these do you care about the most? This is most last day on a year 85. Seriously, who who was making a log job now? This is this is we have a new person. Well, whoever is instructed in the new person must be an asshole. It must be the freaking water Nazi. Okay. Because why did we find him? Because why did we just say to redestate? We just same spot back to back over and over again. Side by each. I mean, what can I say about that? What? That he's an asshole. We all know that. God. What a bitch. If she didn't have the naked pictures of Greg, there's no chance that she'd still be here. Her and screw and the both of them. All at least she smells but her and screw and. When is most last day on a year 85? Middle East peace 59. I have no idea why you're wasting your time without you 59 people. You you maniacs. Not gonna happen. It's an oxymoron. Middle East peace. Oh, but the road map. The road map. We got our road map and we'll take all the way up to God. Damn Jacksonville. Okay. Who'd be the dolphin starting quarterback? I mean, Mad. I was funny yesterday because when he was in here, I'll tell you he's so excited about having two to four about his new schedule change. He's ecstatic. Ecstatic. Plus, I think a part of Mossos having that most getting shoved back in the middle of the night. He likes that too. He didn't say that. He made some faces and he's called up that one finger again. Every time I mention, Moe just says he's number one. But anyway, the Mad dog and he also when I mentioned that thing about I know that you really would like to see Brian Reece. He's there for the dolphins and he went to that hole. He and I actually like did the physical thing. You know, like Terry Bradshaw likes to do. Yeah. Well, hands. I mean, there was nobody there. But like a mythical center, you know. Handed. Brian Reecey hands. I understand that. And then I heard him do the same thing on the ear again. Get out of here. You make me sick to my stomach. Look at what a silly. You know, if he don't look like kind of a camera on a bad day. I was thinking something else. Yeah. What? Where's the German helmet? Look at that. Yeah. I know. Two big and two fat. The beast with his five 60 QM Marlins batting cap on backwards. It doubles up with him. He breathing under. We're not impressed. Okay. He forl doesn't need you to breathe in a background. Don't tell me you don't. I heard it all the way to where. I'm already integrated. What? He says I don't stop doing it. I'm not telling you what to do. But stop doing it. I'm not trying to interfere with his show. But stop doing it. It's annoying. It's it's so far. It's pathetic. He doesn't need any help. When it comes to getting guys to squeeze their package and get all out horny and you know, squeeze the bean or lift the bean or whatever. Just just stay off here. Moe was right. When is most last day out of here 92 votes? Probably a beast voted on that. Middle East piece 63. Who'll be the often starting quarterback 32? Is that for Al's real voice 18? You know, I forgot to ask him. Or mind me tomorrow morning. I want to ask him when we do that little crossover for about 25 minutes. I'm going to ask him. I don't mind. I enjoyed doing that. But I got we have a structure here. You know, we got to get the breaks and we don't play that game because my dogs only got two hours. So why can't say, oh, we're going to be a little over today. We don't ever do that. Even if we have to set a guest. Oh, I forgot about that. Yeah, even if George is former account business in here. Baby Netanyahu. Baby Netanyahu. Well, I'm going to have to restrain myself because I'm looking at him with that helmet on. And I don't want to tell you what I'm thinking. Why? Why, why? Should we do like Cologne Germany? Baby Cologne Germany? Yeah, baby Cologne Germany. In fact, that's what he smells like. He smells like some old Germans. Beiner boy. We're not going to tell you where it is. We hit it because it's embarrassing because Miguel is going to run all over all over town. He's going to tell me, got a little fruit cake in this station. It's weird like baby or a lot of his body. A little Hispanic fruit. Don't not him. You. And don't bite him out of the back of the neck again. Okay, just a just a disinfectant. This, this place is an out of control circus. And I was in because I've been away so long because for real is here because we shoved mold back into the middle of the night. We're so excited with you with you being back. Oh yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah, look at that phone. Baby, are they excited? And by the way, don't call. I'll call you. Because I'm doing screenless anyway. I'll let you know when you can start lighting up the phone. Because I got a lot of stuff to talk about. Self-phones. A lot of cell phones talking. I'm not doing. I'm saving that for you. The mic mayo thing. Is that for else real voice 20? I wanted to say tomorrow. What we do the crossover. I want to ask him at what point in his life that started because he obviously in the crib was going WHAAAAT! WHAAAAT! I like that thing we got. He wasn't doing that. I don't know. Well, we'll find out. Maybe it's a thing. Can you imagine like if you're in first grade, you're six years old. Hey, teacher. I'm going to the turtle of teacher. You know, I, I, I, it's possible I guess. Hey, it says it's three. He's following that brother. Big bird. Look at that. Chigadoo. Yeah, he might have bad. I don't know. It's possible. But it is his real voice. Trust me when I tell you. In fact, you look at him and then you watch him like hyper ventilating and bang and he's bouncing off the walls and then you appreciate the fact the voice is coming out of that body and fits. Kids using cell phones at school 15, phenyl castre 11 and the Florida Marlons suck a win in last play. Yeah, nine votes. Suck a win in last place because nobody cares about the Marlons. Even moan knows that. Absolutely. Right. 10 past 11. I'm remaking the log. You just write down whatever you want. Okay, because this, this broad man shall be made a compass in a road map. Whoever taught her how to do a log might be pretending that to hear you on purpose because I don't want to say anything because then you'll repeat it on the air. Like what? Say? What is he talking about? The person that we have doing the logs, no, she's a very nice person, but. And you cute. Oh, he's like, he's Carlos, she's cute. So you're saying that she got hired because she was an attractive female. Oh, he's a little bit too tall. Well, here in Tia, Duffton, higher. 11 past 11 at 5, 60, WQA and have you in a dead end job, man. This college may be a little bit too expensive and takes too much of your life and just can't wait that long to get a real life. If you're going to for a spend 10 bucks a month and commit yourself to three nights a week for four months, our friends at fast-trank enough and get out of your dead end and get you a new high-paying computer career. Get a life. That's right. Just 10 bucks a month and three nights a week for only four months for individuals who qualify. Call fast-trane and when and out check this out, say goodbye to your dead end job forever. Call one, eight six fast-trane with four locations in town. There's body one close by you. Call them today and talk to a train career counselor. They offer you a day evening weekend schedules. Job placement hands on training, pick up the food. I still can't get over Miguel rushing in. There's a line for me. There's a line for me. I think he's been doing too many lines. Pick up the phone and call fast-trane at eight six six fast-trane. They're defer payment is valid for a year regular payments apply their actor. Whether your high school student on some breaks somebody underpaid did end job working for some schmuck or just looking to increase your net worth and try to find a life. Call fast-trane tool free. There's new obligation. They'll turn out how this works. Call one, eight six fast-trane or check them out of the web. You know how that works at fast-trane.com. We're sports-video five six-trane. You A-M. I'm code of Barry Manlow, bedroom, GPS and compass. Never get lost in your own bedroom again. Your Barry Manlow bedroom GPS and compass will lock on the six strategically located satellites maintained by the US government and will warn you before you walk into your walls. How could you possibly survive without it? Imagine never having to use your own sense of direction again. You can stop using your brain completely and still find your way through your own house. The Barry Manlow bedroom GPS and compass from Ron Co. Don't stay home without it. Love it, 16 at 5.16. You know this way, Barry. Over here, come on. He's got problems. Anyway, here's an interesting fact. So I think this is probably from somebody we don't talk to anymore in poor St. Lucy. It's gotta be. Anyway, it says, as our radio family is starting to come together with the exception of one, starting July 7th, the new lineup will be, Fortices A.M. torture times, our torture times too, which goes a ganky and mojo and mo. Two hours of stimulating conversation, regular visits from scurly mo, mo, zoll and the ass to ass team. On Fridays, the dynamic duo are joined by a very special guest, Mo's hairpiece, shocking with his cousin's what's life like dealing with Biggy Yo's vercos veins, plant pants and the growing list of its landlords enemies. 6 to 10 A.M. Farell on 4 on 4. What? Branded with sighting high-stung personality begins for a full-for-hour system in any conversation while 34 grams of cocaine. I did hear that. I heard that. I thought maybe that was the beast making more gutter-roll suck in sound. I heard that a couple of times during that show, which explains why he's so skinny. Although he does eat. He just shovels their food in his post, and in fact, he's maybe the only person I've ever seen in my life. Even fat people I've never been. Most fat people can eat doing almost anything, but not just bouncing off the wall. But he eats while he's actually moving around. It's like, how like he's doing? He must be sure and would be near boy or something, because he's just out there in the world. He's just crazy person. Ten to two Neil Rogers old reliable reclaims his prime time slot Neil as a show from Toronto and Florida, and vowed to keep showing up in both locations in his dirty underwear, and two to six double dog day after noon. Mad dog and big dog team up finally. They pee on each other, create funny soundwrites to be played on Neil's show, and bash the silly old man with a perry dog on his head. That sounds like a winner! We like it! You're hired! Sounds good to me. Here's a great facts from up. At least it starts out good, but it probably is like ends in the middle of a sentence from West Palm. It says, God damn all rubber knickers, I try not to follow that soft floor, but though we hit everything there is mentality, but these bastards are so down to about ten miles an hour to stare, whatever we need to be shot is what this fact says. Here's a guy woke up at West Palm and ended in. Unique closure on that fact. Yeah, we need closure on your facts, so close your, yeah. Okay. Very sad. I mean, he actually had something to say there, especially his diet and midstream. 5, 6, 7, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T of Rise Line. We're lamenting the hot couple's contest. Not that we want to change the result. You understand, that would be unfair. But it would be nice to have a horse race, right? And we still have like almost a few weeks ago that it lines next Monday, which is the 23rd. So we got, this is only an over a day. We got over a 50-hundred votes already. You were that? Yep. But so far, it just did say, and maybe it is evenly so. I don't know. I thought this was more evenly matched in the last time. And last time it was a tourist race, right? Right. Now, the words couples wanted to were like a very close, but between two and three was a jug in a gap. It was a big gap on the picture. Yeah, but we blurred it out for the West. Yeah. We, uh, grated it out. Frank, and Liz, you got 481 man, you're killing him. You're crushing the competition. And then the tassio 178, and actually whoever comes in first or second is going to do a well on this one. Because we've got the two good prizes. We got the Jamaica thing, right? The uh, whatever that is. And then we got the Bahamas thing. Oh, and I take back what I said yesterday. I've been in Bahamas not once but twice. I forgot about more recent one about about 15 years ago, 1413, 12, whatever. That was the one with the shaggy dog in the elevator. The mildewed carpeting and that smell and the wet sheets. And I just know air conditioning and the rip off cab drivers. You two groups of people that just slay me. People ago in Bahamas. Three groups, like I said, people who go to anywhere in the Caribbean. And on before I get into that article in the letter to the editor in the sense of this morning, evidently while I was away. And who reads their crappy editorials anyway. So they enter a lie in the Sun sent it against allowing the public to vote on whether the Permitual or Airstrax ought to have slot machines. And this letter rips them an ass. Good letter by the way, whoever you guys are that said from some committee, some mga. But uh, Suen said, go away. You can go away for two months, two years, two decades, two centuries. It never changes. The Harold and the Saza, they don't even want to let the public vote on these things, because they're afraid that they might pass. And God forbid, we have slot machines that the Airstrax was then, you know, what happens? People would be gambling there. Right. And just so you could appreciate it. Do you imagine people gambling at the Airstrax? Why would they do one of them? Just so you're going to appreciate it. Everything not changing, guess who called to make sure that we knew about all of these things. All of what things. The gambling. Stan Worthon. Yeah. Yeah. Go away, Stan. We don't like you anymore. Okay. And that we ever did in the first place, but we especially not like you. Maybe this is a lot of your skin is extremely pasty. I think you're going to die soon. I just don't like him. He's annoying. He's like the Gilbert of casino gambling. He's like a blind micro of Casinos. That's a shot. And yesterday there was a big article in Remember The Essel, that called us all. I just finished working in there in the year Casino. Where's the new winner building? The Hollywood? Oh, yeah. Yeah. The new one is going to have the full regular slot machines. And we said, no, they're not going to have full Casinos. And we said, no, no. Now the article yesterday, it talked about how many they're going to have twice as many devices, gambling devices as the seminal. But when it said devices, seeing a real newspaper, they would have explained us what that means. But because they're here on the Sun Sentinel are so terrified, that we might actually have real casino gambling or something, they just left it at that. But you know what they meant. It's the same make believe slot machines they got in there now. Right. We're all as far as the hooker. Right. That's what all the 400 year old yent is sitting there. Oh, I just lost my last dollar. Can you let me a dollar for a. And of course, if you lose your last dollar and live in the sanctuary of village, you can't buy the next lakhs. What means you're plugged for days. That's what my full day. That's what you call me yesterday. And guess what was it? My brown brown burgers. I don't want to tell you. Anyway, Brian and Natasha are 170 votes there in second place. Ian and Jan have 137. Oh, sorry. Holly and Darren 136. I'm not Mary and Shane 125 and a very lovely pair, by the way. I thought so. Mike and I think so myself. Mike and Chris did 115. In fact, I'm for all show. He's going to start saying it's 715 old bean. Oh, I shouldn't have said 7. See that's a giveaway. It's 815 old bean. See if I say 7. Yeah. That would like to. The kid he's going to be on a year or doing a show at 7. No, probably would be on things that right. Greg and Stephanie got 94 votes. Captain, sing it as wife 71 or doing okay. They're an ice fish. I touched my head a couple. They're nice. Except we want more magazines. Danny Michelle 65, which I'm, I just, I don't get it. Do you get it? No. They should be doing better. Again, I'm not trying to like twist it, but I'm trying to help them out a little bit. Because a lot, I don't understand about the zikki and Mickey is have 65. Then in Sherry have 30. Then Sherry have got 30 men. Right. And just proving that you people aren't, you don't always get sucked in by a bear flash rich in Sherry, they've got only 23. That's criminal. Why is that? This is because she's sharing. Sherry is sharing her pair, right? And maybe he'll share his banana. Chody and Kevin are last place with 16. I think Chody and Kevin are problem was. Let me take a look at what they look like. Okay. Because they're going to like. I mean, they're like not bad looking. Would you say? But it's a bad picture. The picture, the quality of the picture looks like it was taken through. You don't want to say, remember in the NFL you would because he would know it. Maybe he wouldn't because it's a long time ago. They tried that kind of photographer. Right. What do they call that? Crap. No, no, you know what I mean? Were they like brown? Were they like freeze the picture and it goes to like brown and white? There's a name for that, but I'm not in that photography. Schmidt. You know what I mean? Right. It's got a name. But with it. And for some reason, it didn't go over well. It was almost as big as the glowing puck. But not quite as much. So we got 1536 votes in just a day. Which at that pace by next Monday morning at 10, we could have like a zillion. When you think? Easy. We could have a crap load. Fines say, oh look at that. The phone is just ringing like crazy. These people are getting a frantic now. WKOM. Yes sir. How are you? Horm is Cp atone. Oh, Cp atone. But do you remember when the NFL tried that? Of course. And why did they stop doing it? It was pretty neat to watch. Marketing I think. Okay. Who knows what motivates those ideas? Maybe it cost him too much. Yeah, I could have been, you know, very clear. Maybe their cameras broke up. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. Cp. Okay. That's probably what they're all calling for. They want to tell me. That's the same thing on two. I guarantee you. WKOM Cp online. Oh, it is Cp. Is it? Yes. But I mean, what? That isn't Cp just a color. The Cp is a color, but it's also a print process. Oh, I see. So that's what they tried. Did you ever see? I don't know whether they knew it. You know, if it's called that in video or if they got another name for it. But even on my mac it's a Cp. It's probably a new year. It is. Paul Harvey Jr. It is. And that's okay if I call right? I've never said for you not to call. That's only your friend in the other room. They hate you like poison. You don't think given a look like they hate him, but I never told him that to call. You. You know what? Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go there. Go there. Go there. You know what when you're in Toronto when I call they will not put me through. And then I hear you whine on occasion that Paul Harvey Jr. Carlos doesn't even know who he is. I have no idea. Yeah. Anyway, Carlos just don't like to sound of your voice. I have. It doesn't matter. I got to tell you. I absolutely love for El. Yeah. And it is so nice to have somebody that actually will make you laugh or the whiffed towards. Yeah. I don't think my wife can do my fucking thing. I can't say that. And then I'll steal it. Yeah. I'm here. I'm here. Anyway, this farce of voice goes. I had a hell of an experience with them. I want to share. Yeah. In fact, I called their main office where the president of the company makes a recorder of million dollars a year. Both expenses. Was on my way with a couple of buds and a convertible to a haul over to son the log. And we were stopped on the corner from U.S. One on my death is 167th. And this bro came over and asked for a donation. And we said, no. We're going to not access it. And he said, you know, I guess you'd rather I go home and pull out my gun like I used to and head on back over here and what would you say that? Really? I swear to God. We all look at each other like you got to be freaking kidding me. Why got on the phone? Call their office and they could give two crafts. They thought it was funny. Yeah, I'm sure. He's probably bringing in a good total every day. He's bringing in a fortune. He's got us loaded. You know, listen, I work. I'm not like you. I don't make a lot of money. But I make a lot of money. But I can't be handing out 20 dollar bills. I could. And you know what? I won't. I give money away to people that I like. To people I think needed or people that deserve it or people that do good stuff for me. I give them money. But just some strangers, some some slackered on a street corner screw on. Have a good. Exactly. Have a good day. Bye. Well, I got I'm going to get so far behind. We're going to be like into a hanks first hour here. What do we got on the schedule, by the way? We got the mad dog at two. We got Hank at Chula. So I'm not going to see him today. 4 to 6 30. I'm starting to get worried about that. I think he might have gained a balance. He's staying away from me. Shining me. Hank 4 to 6 30. Chula's Marlins on the X 30. Metz in the Marlins. The big we hate to Metz night with the ferrell at the Abal Park. 705. Any can after the ballgame in July, Markov and I 2 to 5. And I'm more than a course. Hey, you know, fathers day is Sunday. Last Sunday. Well, this is the copy I have from my teddy bear. Fathers day was Sunday. Right. And you know, something if you were smart, you know, Adam, I'll tell you you used to be a pretty good guy. Used to be the one guy you could depend on. You're a, a schmuck. You're really, I hate to say that. But you're a puts. And you know, he's probably doing right. I was probably running down a hall with a piece of copy. This end, they should have brought in here in our go. So well, for how about graduation? I guess. I guess. Hold on. He's over within it. Yeah. Fathers day in graduation are both over with, but now for next year. If you want to start thinking about something really great to send a special occasion. How about a bear from Vermont teddy bear better than flowers because they die in no time at all. So whether it's like Simhustor or it's Father's Day or a mother's day or Valentine's Day or a birthday or any special occasion, they got a whole bunch of good stuff. They got the handy bear. They got the Fisherman bear. The business fair lot. Prosta Tutabir. They got them all. No matter what occupation mom or dad or anybody love his in. Only have to do his call on their friendly bear counselors at 1-800-829 Bear. And of course they had the graduation bear with a cap and gown and holding it a plumb was really cute to buy you missed out this year. Vermont teddy bears are hand. What? What would you like me to talk about? Okay. I mean, this is an embarrassment. I mean, Adam, you know, you're hanging around too much with Todd Drek. He's turning you into a clone. One of his. You're one of his now. The only hope we got is a choice. Bradford, he's in a hospital. Probably had a breakdown for being with a square in that long. Vermont teddy bears are hand made in the mountains. Vermont by people who really love teddy bears. They'll even have to write the perfect message on your card. Add some gourmet caromels and make sure it gets delivered right to the door. Anytime anywhere in the country. Here's the number to call. Next time it's time for you to give something special to that loved one that friend that the son, that daughter, that mother. Call 1-800-829 bear. I'm sure you tell him that old first we didn't need authority to call. First we didn't only because of this place. 1800-829-B-E-A-R. People are Isoles. The number 173, I use the side of your house. You're all the new, the new part in the square. Where the homeless men in the higher-end shirts. My name is number 173. I use the side of your house. I am numbers 72 by Shiny Pine smell like Don't go Please don't roll your window up Who on the roof of a guinea dog? We annoy drivers in their cars Wait your stock at the traffic light We will converge for your quarters and dives Stand in all day in the very living heat The middle of the busy street When we tap on the window they usually say Get the hell away! You stay! I'm here! Try not to run over me Who on the roof of a guinea dog? We have much to offer you Watch your windshield work more food How about a flower from the southern gong gong? With white useless smell of this white Only take a shower when it rains When the hot pavement smells my shoes I use my sock to brush my clothes I wipe on a corn cob Who on the roof of a guinea dog? Robe seeds go through the cup of the bean It brings a more wet wind Do we get a bigger box in the bottle of booze? A cardboard box in the bottle of booze Number 35 at 5.60 WQA Mad Dog at 2 The Humphrey Tula is at 4 Here's the rest of that fast from Palm Beach County It says a few years ago I worked up in West Palm But this overhead is not acceptable I don't know what happened all the settings in Europa night again This place blows man All I can tell you I got to hear from a little while you come back and you realize I hate this place Nothing works here Everybody in there comes there Of course, Duff's response We probably had that ball game in the early I started the rookie This isn't a goddamn lending library in here Whatever that is This is not just a public place for any asshole In a building up in here and did a good stuff I've been telling him that for years He sits in there with a stupid guy And now you just killed it all the time What did you do? Nothing I did nothing I did nothing I did nothing You must have done something I did nothing Are they digging with it in the other room? Somebody is out there digging with it in the other room What are you doing in there? You asshole Here too The levels are good No Sort of banned A few years ago I worked in a West Palm having to drive from West Del Rey up there Usually takes about a half an hour Well not on this day get this northbound I-95 was backed up from a southern bull about in West Palm I know it will Down to Gateway Boulevard in Boiton Beach Why you ask? Why you ask? Why you ask? Why? Somebody who was completely off the road Was changing a effing tire Well kind of tire Could you? I'm probably far stoned I Schmidt you not Unfortunately it's a true story How do you like that? Somebody off the road What are they doing in there? I beg your pardon? Oh, you're- Go ahead and go breathe on that asshole Hang on, sirs, George There you go We're finally getting all in there right here See, let's get him out of here Why is that man loving this building Well, I'm on here First of all I got all these exotic diseases I got West now I got Mad Cow and SARS Bokey Pock and Scars and Monkey Pock on top of it And not only that, but we're going to be here We don't want to be dead But we're here. We don't want to be did It would've got them stuff But he's in there screwing around Screwing around Get out of here, of course So stop pretending to be doing some work Okay, we know better We know you a long time We've seen your deal 5, 6, 7, 0, 5 Look at this response on a phone Are these people just, you know all week long It's been like this I just got other photography questions No, I don't want to hear about No, that was good They answered that question You have to have a question In fact, when I'm going to start doing From now on after all these years I'm finally catching on In fact, here's my first question. Why? Well, I mean, we're sitting right there and I was well, I'll use it, right? How? Yeah, that's why. That's the question. Because, because, okay, I don't see any response. Here we are. Here's the first response. WQAM. Answer man. Yeah? Yes, sir. Now? Yes? Hey, man, how's it going? OK. I don't want to don't mean to change the topic. What does that mean? The topic is. What are you talking? What do we do for you? Sir, say something. OK. Listen, um, she's. See, that's what happens on a sports station. If you're not, if you're not talking sports, they don't know what else you're supposed to talk about. Anything but sports, how do you like that? All right. Right. I'm who you think ought to be starting to quarterback for the offense by the way. I have no idea. OK. I wasn't wondering if I'm crazy or not, but on who's here little, uh, at the times with things or station ideas is QAM. Am I hearing somebody say, for right before that? Oh. 560, 0560, you know, just what I said yesterday is absolutely true. Things in this place are probably, I would say it in all time high, literally and figuratively. Spill it anywhere you like with the GH or just high. I mean, yeah, pal. You could do that if you liked that would be good. Hi, pal. And this audience is held then just as always on being a pain in the ass. They do just they can't, they can't stand it. When somebody sounds like they're in a good mood, when things are going well for us, when everybody's getting along great, they can't stand it, which is probably what they're picking on Mola again here. I'm this poll, although I did vote for that. But anyway, what? I thought you weren't gonna tell them. Oh, the bold crap. Like that's a surprise. She had it in 46 votes, which of these do you care most about? And I'm really that we should have also asked, why? When is most last day on the year 138? Middle East peace 86. What a waste of energy, man. You people need a lot of the library and take yourself home. Who'll be the dolphin starting quarterback 44? Even I'm pretty interested in that. I'm not a dolphin. I wish they lose every game, but nevertheless, I think it's an interesting controversy there. It's your lot bigger than the better than Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy. Is that for Real Real Voice? Look at that. Look how many people think that's the most important thing. But turn, man. The Florida Marlin 17, they're moving up a little bit, not too much. 17 kids using cell phones at school, 17. And for now, Castro has fallen in the last place. Oh, great. You're ready for a team vote. So take that, okay? You professional Julios there on whatever that is. What is that station? El Sol. Those aren't the guys that give me that picture that time, aren't they? I don't know. I don't think so. No, I don't think so. You guys are relatively new. The other new, they're trying to do the, you know, this been. They already did it once. They already did it before, okay, it wasn't so great then. All right, all right, here's another trick phone call. We're going to, we're going to get you. We're going to show you a thing right now. Yeah, we got you for now. It has about as much impact on what's going on down here is when the Pope was there, all our little less publicity, almost as much, almost. Because it was the big surround channel, seven this morning, man. I'm kind of all see it. See. But 19 till noon at 5, 60, WDQ, we're going to get a lot of calls in between now and one because it is Wednesday. We don't have a lot of time to dick around, you know. Oh, I like it. Oh, and you remember the first time I took the pull on that, oh, it was like about city, city, you know, city, city, oh, we like it now. We hated don't do that noon to one hour. It's a great hour. It's fun. I know what they hate it. Why is that? Because we like it. Oh, I want to work percentage of the audience hates it still. But third man, 18 till noon at 5, 60 WQ, WAM. I said it right now. When your hair is falling out, like most of us guys have happens to you because the Lord is in mysterious ways. Oh, God. Here's the deal. You have many, many choices because it seems like on every street corner, one corner you got a homeless voice guy. Another corner you got to got pedaling the newspaper and on the kitty corner of that. You got to got pedaling some hair crap. Either some nasty looking muskwatter, civic cat or one of those a gangby and rats or you could stick a gangby and rat on most that I think he looked very attractive. Or you can drill holes in your head, take some very dangerous pills, which are really a propission off have to take a bunch of those no hair grows back or you can get chuck out for your natural hairline system. For more than 35 years now, Chuck's been helping out guys who are like sluppers and milling hairs and everybody in between because even if you have a billion dollars you can't get a better system than the natural hairline system from Chuck Alphiari. He's appeared on Good Morning America. They today show CBS Morning News. He's all over the place. He's world flaming. And right now he's got that summer special hair system priced only 549 bucks for first time customers. If you already have a hair system, you can save 50% on service and repair for all types of hair systems as well including shampoo and trim. And Charles can get trim for a price like that. And Charlie's guarantee is this travel of his hair systems for 30 days if you don't all the way. It looks like it feels returned for a full refund. So pick up that phone right now. You got nothing loose but that big shiny glaring ugly bald spot. Look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again with Chuck's natural hairline system. Check it out today by calling tool free 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413 or check them out on the web at CharlesAlphiari.com. My eye and local hearsports video 560-U.A.M. Well, a Macaron on this is Joe Bowen the Voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neo God. God King Kong. Svelly and low-geam. I like my yellow villa eating my feces. Hey, hey, I got funky vibes. And I'm not clowning around. And I love God, be trained at me. Turned my diaper brown. Just trying to keep you safe. Play a monkey record on day. Play a monkey record on day. Play a monkey record on day. Play a monkey record on day. Play a monkey record on day. Play a monkey record on day. Play a monkey record on day. Play a monkey record on day. Play a monkey record on day. Play a monkey record on day. Play a monkey record on day. Play a monkey record on day. Play a monkey record on day. Play a monkey record on day. Play a monkey record on day. Play a monkey record on day. Play a monkey record on day. Play a monkey record on day. Play a monkey record on night. Play a monkey record on day. Pulling the monkey record on day. Play a monkey record on day. Play a monkey record on day. Play a monkey record on day. Play a monkey record on day. Play a monkey record on day. Play a monkey record on day. and it's back and it's fourth. Leave it along, Corso. Okay, quits stick in your finger in it. God. Too many chiefs. Not enough engines. That's our problem. How come Jim Yelton, I saw this morning when I came in? How come he's not done to the during these hours? He's not afraid of no disease. He's on. On what? On something. Okay, now you give a child a man's assignment. All you have to do is bring that in. You don't have to like, dittler round. You have to like organize your damn baby lotion and all the other crap. All you got to do is just bring those in your hand them to me. Hand them to me fast like that. Thank you. This isn't the right issue anyway. That's all we had. Well, I'll be damned. I look for you. The silly-link magazine. I mean, we missed it. But you missed it because it was right down stairs last week. There were annual best of issue. And I'm going to feel real bad if they were, if they didn't give us some recognition for something. Like being the biggest asshole in town or something. This ain't it. I never even saw it. Well, I got a facts right here. I thought my god. That'll be great because one thing I've discovered. I have to after all of these years making confession that we've been too hard on the audience. The sports shows they know what to call about. Okay? To think the egg is going to be independent. You think J. F. You're going to keep these down a quarter. You think the hurricane could win a championship again next to you when all I'm freshman. You think? Yeah, that's that's it. See what I'm saying? There's no contest there. What is post to talk about? But with us, they don't know what to tell us. And I like you saw I asked that question about that. Just in passing. And the phones went crazy. It's C. P. And the O.A. And like 600 C. P. A. People on the phone. They need some guidance. You need to guide them a little bit. No, you're missing my point. You're not even close. My point is now you notice how many calls have I taken so far today? But five or four. Maybe five. Maybe. I think one for each one of those people that was lined up to the three Marlin tickets. Let's see. We take a lot more calls if we had a lot more people lined up for the three Marlin tickets for tonight's Ferrell a big bash. But it ain't happening. But I think that, you know, not that we have three people on the show now that the Beater Boys move into your spot. Right. Yeah. Right. I think that what we have to say in the stuff that's going on inside the building. Even when I'm out here, I think there's a lot more entertaining. Interesting. And somebody called, well, how come you don't like Amsterdam anymore? Can you tell me why? Those kind of calls. Terminal. Pondrous. I mean, it's embarrassing. This isn't embarrassing. Just a little bit here. You can't talk about it here. Right. That's right. That's what we're going to start talking about. This stuff we can't talk about on the other. We're going to start talking about it now, including that new traffic person who ought to probably go out and play in traffic. Some another discard from cheap channel. I got news for it when they discard you from cheap channel. That says it all. When you've been tossed aside by them, you know, you've reached rock bottom. So anyway, this fact says glad you were in town. This last week had the silly link best of us. You usually use some great shows with this issue. Any chance George can get you a copy. No, it says. I guess not. How's he going to get me a copy? What have been nice if they facts that last week when we had the copies? Yeah. We downstairs in our lobby of our prestigious crappy falling apart building here. We've always got thousands of copies. And nobody ever picked one up probably because most of the people is building can't read anyway. Now, why did you do it with new times? It might have been something good in it. Why did you take it out of here? What do you do with it? He didn't. It must be beside you somewhere. I'll be driving myself. It's not. He said he missed play stat. It's over here. I see it. Get out of here. You're an accident waiting to happen, man. Look, may well. No. You're an accident waiting to happen. So when you used to work here. Oh, you're... It's not won't be long. Do you know anybody else who does good computer work? I'm looking. Getting away. I'm not because you're not doing a great job, but because you're going to be dead soon. I'm just looking. Go look in the mirror. Go hop in the sick again and look in the mirror. Jesus Christ, you're as red as a goddamn beat. How long has he lived here all his life? Yeah. Yeah. The raft? Right. What would you think by now? He'd know that skin cancer is not something that you've gotten, try to... I guess not there is a superstar with a shades. You know, I want to say that real deep red look, you know. You may be just going to go to work for the seminal engines. Maybe that's it. Now that we got that real full casino roll over with all the accrafts devices. There's nothing in here. New times, piece of crap. Steve Shiver or D.O. What about R.A. Investigator's turn up the heat of my mimeys firefighter, Union Local 587. Are you concerned about that? Oh, I'm not. The adventures of Wondergirl Samantha Feingold. I read the hair about Sarah Goldfarb. Remember when you used to work in this building? Yeah. How often did you look at the rack of new times in city-link magazines to see if there was anything in there? I'd say in all the times that I've been in this building probably about 30 minutes. And it was never anything worth looking at. Except the best of issue. Just to explain how we missed it. Fill on the floor. No, no, I'm not saying that. I'm saying so. You're right. Somebody should have notified us when you had all of them downstairs because that ain't the one issue. We care about it. Right. And once it's gone, it's not like we're going to bring back a bunch of now. Somebody out there probably's got somebody who could fax us some pertinent fair pages or send it on over. Right? Right? That would be hell of a lot better to talk about than just having such a people calling in asking. Why? You know? Be a lot more fun than that. Or certainly that damn movie talk. Just about put us out of business on the show because you insisted on my continuing it. Now there is a rail in good study and contrast. Here I've got two stories in my right hand. This is the appropriate hand. The right hand. Okay. And I'm holding it way out here to the right. You really are. Baptists to try to sway gaze. I read this in a heraldest morning. Of course it's online here. That's a funny title. The southern Baptist convention the other swing and sway and the you're really gay. Like Sammy K. And even more is acting a little fae. But anyway, the southern Baptist convention that's new initiative yesterday convinced gaze that they can become heterosexual. If they accept Jesus Christ as their savior and reject their sinful destructive lifestyle. How do you like that? They think you can just away from magic wand. Absolutely. At the denominations annual meeting leaders urged them more than 42,000 churches nationwide to reach out compassionately to gaze with a message about how Christianity can save them. Homosexuals can find freedom from this sinful destructive lifestyle said Richard Lann, one of the southern Baptist public policy arm, they can be redeemed, they can be liberated. I have a message for you, Dick. Look my ass. Okay. You idiot. God, how do you like that? Look new there. The southern best of the earth. There are my far right now. My left hand. Here's the store from the this morning's Toronto Star, which you'll find both these stories on our website. Canada to a log game marriage. Now last week, in fact I watched it on TV. I told you that last week they had that committee meeting in Parliament in Toronto and Ottawa rather. And they tried, you know, the conservatives there in some of the squeamish liberals, they tried to like undo what the Ontario court had ruled about game marriage being legal because they'd always started marrying people. And they couldn't do it. It was overturned. They said we're not going to appeal it. Now they thought the federal government surely will appeal it to the Canadian Supreme Court, at least to cover the rest. And John Cretzenses, forget about that. Same sex marriage is will be recognized as legal in a new law that will rewrite the traditional definition of marriage for not only Ontario and British Columbia, but for all of Canada A. How do you like that? So I suppose to this super religious and then that's the problem with America's religious, not like your president, like your attorney general, all of these things, all of these dangerous people. Religious nuts. That's why when I look on his poll, we're taking the in the Middle East piece. You people are dream and man. You've been you've been a squeeze in your it's it's too hard. You've been laying too much to fill in. Laying too much pipe. No, that's what the orthodox told the for all this morning. It said, don't lay so much to fill and try to lay a lot more pipe. He said, I got you beat. I got you covered. What he said. Right. And he was less to be talking about beiner boy this morning. He said he was banging on a lab beiner boy last night for hours. That's what he said. Anyway, you see, now you're going to have to start monitoring a little more closely because he started to talk about you. So there's on the you got the US 101 hand with a seven bat is we're going to convert all you a perverted degenerate and you got Canada on the other side, which is not what you're criminalizing the pot laws and allowing gear marriage, but they're just like progressive, they're progressive and we're regressive. We're taking big gigantic steps back into the stone age in this country. So if all you bush people men are really proud of and then then of course we had that broad yes they want the most pathetic and I must you know what his camera was this morning. No about the role bitch who says now that she's wants them and wants the court to undo Roe v. Wade and she wants them to stop killing all those unborn babies. I must just come and was well she's seen the light. She's been at this for years now. Yeah crazy bitch. We put that on her. Didn't we put that on the website or not? That's story. Yeah I got to hear. I wiped my ass with it to be honest with it. Oh, don't forget let me tell you all about that James Oscewer it's a fake the ancient burial box that they claim they found the James's burial box. Jesus is older brother. Yeah. How could he have been his older brother? No Jesus. Young brother. Whatever he wants. So if you just accept James in Jesus and give up your perverted lifestyle and turn to the southern Baptist and or maybe the Catholic Church and let that priest out there in Phoenix, Kalae either a molestio or afterward like a knock you off the road send you flying. Do you see him yesterday? No. They showed it again last night on CBS TV news. They showed that car man. What a huge gigantic smash the windshield. He thought maybe he heard like he ran into a cockatoo. Right. And I'm sure in his day. Probably did. Two minutes before noon at 5.60 WQA. And you're not going to try to tell you something good that you can stick in your mouth for a long time. It's called oliumite. It's legal too. Oliumite soft yells contain the finest the purest olive oil that you will ever find. Not just your ordinary pedestrian olive oil. Anybody can buy that. Fair. This is super concentrated with health benefits for you. Oliumite every day can upproduce the risk of heart disease in high cholesterol plus there are 14 different. Oliumite formulas to help you a help yourself. Each one combining pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins and minerals, herbal to support specific needs for your body. From your bones to your blood pressure like I've been taken to your immune system. I need to as pick out the oliumite formulas that are right for what you and what you need. And now there are three new oliumite formulas to help you sleep when helping control that fat and sell Q10 for your heart. Pick up oliumite wherever you do in your shopping. It's all over town. Pick some up at publics, records, Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, Navarro, Sedanos, Order Oliumite Online. If you like an oliumiteamerica.com or if you want to get more info on your products and what I can do for you and where you stick them. Call them toll free at 1-866-Oriomid. That's 1-866-63536633 don't forget for better health. Start popping some in your mouth today and some oliumid too. My life and low. This is sports radio 566. The way you weigh. Mark Morgan is the 12-1 hour on Q8M. Every time I see black sisters on a TV talk show, can't help but notice the way they do then they make it turn to go inside the side. Not that important, you know. I don't know what it's called. But even if there's a better concern for them. But check it out for yourself. See if we're asking you to let it go blind. I'm dying. When the big black chicks wanna make a post, they move their head like it's out of joint. Have you seen this your If Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh so, yeah. Now I know I don't play that very often it was my special request something wanted to hear that's off you enjoyed it because I sure didn't. It's uh, it's okay. You like that kind of like a, yeah. I think it's one of his weaker efforts ever you old the chicken egg man. Oh, he has his body. See that my good close ally in there old rubber face he's a grand not necessarily you are on a collision course with an early death I want to say that I want to go on a record right now a boner boy you are in collision course with an early ugly face In fact, I think the ugly faces already there. It's just a matter of time before it disintegrates You're good. You're doing what you're sharing alcohol on your push Yeah, okay, just keep up But anyway, this is a grotesque story hospitals. We had this story yesterday and I thought you want to pick up religion again doing Okay Boston a Massachusetts hospitalized the Catholic Church for health after being swamped by thousands of pilgrims seeking a glimpse of what they claim is a shimmering image of the virgin Merrill mayor officials say yesterday What the virgin Mary you know, Ahony if you'd stop showing up at these strange places Maybe somebody believe some of that bull crab some real people Some 25,000 people flock to Milton hospital over the weekend to gaze up at a window in a medical orifice building Where believers say the mother of Jesus has appeared hospital spokesman Susan Shepishi said The boss area hospital, which is bracing for another flood of visitors this weekend has asked Pilgrim's I mean I know the Pilgrim's used to hang out up there, but what are these Pilgrims? Aren't they a little old by now? It's still how to choose that seriously What are Pilgrims? A Pilgrim is someone who goes to a whole travels to a holy place and other is a crazy person right? Okay The Boston hospitalized pilgrims to limit their viewing hours to be between five three and eight thirty p.m. for the sake of patients and neighbors Shepishi said She confirmed that hospital officials and asked the Roman Catholic our stises of Boston for guidance How did it with the apparition and the ensuing crowd how did he or the apparition? Maybe a number that the windx might be good The church hasn't responded to the request yet. She said the Boston well reported yesterday that hospital officials say the image is made by a Chemical deposit inside the window, but to PC said the hospital has no official position Would respect to the issue of an apparition especially in Boston with a heavy Catholic population Because they don't want to piss off the ecatlicks up there the Irish cat looks in the italianos and all those other fools The globe also said the crowds have made it hard for hospital janitors to keep bathrooms clean and the grounds free of trash Because the pilgrims probably got their crap all over the place The position of which if you go to a hospital and see virgin Mary on the window you'd probably drop some crap to I would think huh? Holy crap. It's the version Mary They would drop my crap. That's our poll question for right now the next two minutes. Who's fart sounds you like better kneels or a for else Do you reach got some pretty interesting fart sounds? We got 90 million fart sounds for others on the disk. We'll have to find that does now that we got some heavy duty heavy duty competition in the fart sounds are gonna like pull out the heavy artillery Oh, I was pointing for Carlos the appointment right direction that door would be good Or here's a facts from Phil and muggate who's a chronic facts are about the asshole rubber-nucking at you What's the point? You know it's not gonna change not gonna change any state where you get like a new license for six years on the internet When you're 95 years old when you got no arms no legs no eyes no head no heart no brains no liver no kidneys But you're a hell of a good driver like Dustin Hoffman. What can you say definitely an excellent driver? I was thinking that when I'm stuck in all that crap this morning with the rubber knickers That's exactly what I was thinking this is one more reason why the state is such a joke No auto inspection. Oh, we don't want to be hassle with that For years we had that bogus auto inspection. What is this stick that thing up your echo your car's ass? Yeah, we're some Haitian guy with stand there. It's like a pipe up your ass and they're so cute for ten bucks or whatever It was and yeah, it's a scam Well the buses and the trucks were belching blacks. No, right. That's right all these years all the diesel vehicles are off They're just polluting the hell out of here But our real auto inspection we can't do that now. It says people don't want to be a convenience with that And we don't want to piss off the gate the the gray panthers here. Oh, yeah because all those old folks They're like going vote for somebody else if they can you for Papu cannon If you piss them off too much. That's right. They'll vote for Papu cannon if it'll even write his name And if you start to you know take in them off the road to bed more people didn't huh? The median age where my mother lives in Hollywood they're on serving with a median age is 172 and most of those people are still driving it I see them walking around. I see stuff going on that in fact when I finally got on the turnpictus morning It took me a freaking hour to get to work when I finally got near the exit to where the stadium There's a guy had to be 300 had to be Methuseless granddad. He maybe was Jimmy Christ. What's that the guy's name is older brother? Jimmy Christ because that's what I was saying Jimmy Christ. We need this that thing off an old convertible one of and a guy is like he's got his neck up like like his neck head was in a head brace He's got his neck and no brace just that's his head like this and his body is lurching forward So he's sitting like this. I wish we had TV for about two seconds. I'll take a picture. Oh my god I thought to myself and the guy's going like this is on the turnpict and he's in the middle lane going Yeah Damn you're killing all the rest of us trying desperately to get to all around him Too bad he didn't have binoculars Maybe we want to check out the horses a colder maybe we're checking to work out He's a missed this. This must have been one of the author clockers that checks to work out since the track over there Those bullet works. Yeah, I'll give you a bullet work check ass I'm telling him so just drop being here. It's just a and then of course the idea that I'm gonna have to be here most of the winner Because I should I want to be up north and I wonder time how about I do the show from like Well, it would be a good place where it's warm in a winter time To Haiti to Haiti would be great New Zealand. No, I don't want to go to New Zealand. Okay, not interested in New Zealand beautiful place What how do you know seen pictures? Travel logs. Well, that's why I want to go there Which in these new care about most we asked What is most problem? Oh, when is most last day on a year 158 Middle East peace 1116. Would you stop voting for that you idiot said? There was wrong with you people man Must be the Jews and probably probably those orthodoxos wackos that for a while in this morning those have seen him How can they weren't eating the bacon it was free? If you would have told him oh Middle East peace 1116 who'd be that often starting quarter back 54 come on Brian get that thing up baby Boy, see ugly runs in the family is that for Elf oil voice 42 kids using cell phones at school 21 and the battle for last place Is between the Marlins at Fidel Castro of which I see a tremendous parallel don't you? Yeah, nobody cares about either word exactly Florida Marlins 19 Fidel Castro 17 Exactly sweetheart We don't care okay, so while you con of course nobody speaks English listen stardo or soul anyway, so what did I do to the man right? Two week morning radio host to one the hearts of many in South Florida's Venice Swatilum community with a prank phone call to Venezuela president Hugo Shavis three old Cuban Americans on Tuesday with an apparent prank call To Cuban leader for Del Castro if you want to make your call that'll please most of us who speak English make up crank call to President Bush Then we'll get excited. Yeah, then I'm excited thinking about right that's the kind of call that most of us care about who are like real people You know make a crank call to President Bush and ask him how many more innocent people he's gonna kill and how much more He's gonna pollute the environment how many more votes he's gonna have to steal to when he election next time. Oh, did you see oh? It makes me want to cry Then leave this national poll on the Democratic candidates the people are running no Let me give you a clue who's in front. Oh, oh no It's called there's a new organization. It's called DWDWDW Democrats with a death wish that's what that stands for 12 minutes past noon at five sixty WQM by now you heard us talk about lamina's arousin how lamina wood flooring from lamina's arousin The easy the smart the great lowman and so alternative to natural wood flooring so quit the listening and do it Laminance arousin the best place for you to find lemonade wood flooring from parator or pergo will sit art unifloring quick step They've got all the top names installed by pergo certified installers Here's another reason why you call lamina's arousin their prices will absolutely floor you right now You can get there some as special for just 1995 bucks and that's right here's what you get you get up to 382 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring for only 1995 bucks Elements arousin will match any legitimate written offer to for a free and home estimate with no obligation call lamina's arouss toll free one eight seven seven seven seven seven 33 36 what could be easier they offer your free carpet disposal free furniture moving a 25 year warranty and years and Lifetime a beautiful easy care laminated wood flooring call lamina's arous today toll free and tell them that old Neil Tony call one eight seven seven seven seven 33 36 My This is Who From the people who brought you the only network for kids cups of brand new network for adults Nickelodeon Nickelodeon brings you quality adult programming like Clarissa Shaves off and Rugburts and programs for the alternative lifestyle her shows like two angry jermals and my brother in me Not to mention blockbuster movies like three men on a little lady Call your cable company today and tell them you want the nipple loaded it's the only channel exclusively for adults Prop 17 and five six to this is depressing somebody finally facts We listen to George fast we the page from city link okay and This page is enough to make you want a cry best radio personality Michael the black man on WBOS the boss 104.1. I never heard of that station in my life. Did you know? Is that in this morning? Oh, it's a pirate station Even worse. What is that tell you about city like magazine about these outstanding assholes at city like they're honoring a guy who's a a Pirate station that's becoming harder and harder to admit because of its poor signal plays the most exquisite soul music But the main attraction to civil stations guiding force and political slash spiritual talk show leader Michael the black man They kind of one of a kind. Yaway Ben Yaway disciple. He picks up kicks up one die a trap after another How hot women are our women are all jizzabels mentioned pay child support gays are trying to steal our children Democrats or devils Oh, that's a that's their joke. It's like a flip Wilson parody into top it off He's got a barbershop style Greek course that backs up as every word where they brought you of oh, yes, sirs and oh, yes, and it's a What's up? on a pirate station Michael a black man Best radio personality in this time best drive time radio personalities Paul Castro no one young Ron Brewer Together for 12 years the dynamic duo of software radio is still getting it on Strucking a fine balance between community volunteer works such as taste of the nation in the annual Thanksgiving food rapid The food bread food bank Bathly some commercials for some shops. Sessionally new window blatant sexual references and challenges the manhood and a womanhood of their wildly Lawyer listeners Paul and Ron give as good as they get They push all the right buttons and they're a right doing so pause brick on upbringing and passion for the flow to geters and Ron's cooking skills in fear of balloon animals aside Their chemistry is a formula for success. That's the radio awards. That's it We've had our share. We don't need to hog it. Oh, I mean, couldn't they do better than then Michael the black man? How about the walley the white guy? And speak into that. That's a great on wait didn't hear this before I get to the other segue Best motivational speaker you are you are you side stumps? I'm numb I want to give you a little bit of a clue. I'm a fat Jew Al goldstein The pornography often accused of exploiting women helped save one of his waterfront home in Pompau Beach last December when a former girlfriend with history of depression lock yourself in a guest room and threaten the killer self the screw magazine founder Use his powers of persuasion to keep the woman alive until a broward sheriff's office hostage negotiator arrived on the scene and took BSO five hours to convince the woman to put down her weapons and Return to the more stable environment of goldsteens living room I guess they've never been in Al's living room. Yeah, nothing stable in there Set the horses During the lengthy something out of the sense is missing evacuated to the street where he chatted with cops and moved to curious obelokrish with his walking cane While credit for preventing the suicide right legos of the BSO negotiator goldstein laid the groundwork for the rescue by first invited But they pressed woman to stay with him during the holidays The compassionate poor king still keeps a giant sculpture over hand with protruding middle finger in his backyard But on occasion at least he showed that the hand tells you to eff off is also the hand that takes the tells you it takes the gun from when you're trying to kill yourself Yeah, exactly what time does my plane leave? Well, how soon can I get out of here? You know what this reminds me of reminds me like you know the new sales guy the tall guy seems like good guy from Boston right sales manager Sales sales manager sports sales manager right so he was outside when I left yesterday He was we're talking about jury Williams because he used to work with jury and He also lamented the fact that this is such a well he didn't say but I said it to him And I'd say it again on here such a bush lake town that the people who are supposedly right radio and TV here are two goddamn lazy Do a little bit of homework and find out that one of the real legends in this broadcasting business I held a lot better than Michael the black man broadcaster. I used to work in his market for your WS news and was very popular here Had a gigantic rating But they can't be bothered with that here because that would require a little bit of you know a little bit of effort on their part You know what we have for radio and TV coverage this morning and our newspapers We have the Latin column and the Latin radio column and the Sun sent us what we have that's it That's it Thanks for reminding me why I don't read the local newspapers. Oh good choice good choice Oh, you had missed out that a got about the radio solar All the guys drove to fidale and you also would have missed out on see link about the guy that's got great compassion I'm a fat Jew five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty only a T and T That's I'm serious you can come back here a thousand years later. It will be the same people right in the same horseball crap about the same garbage You you feel like you're stuck at a cragmire. It's a twilight zone. And now that we got such a good guy a popular guy Off the wall. We got for real and what does he do? I like I said I give a Purple star in a gold jelly bean for trying this marlin thing, you know It'll run hopefully he'll learn very quickly as in tonight. You know like this gigantic line of people We hit all five of them outside waiting for their free Marlin tickets You can't give them away. There's no interest just just calm down. Okay. Stop being yourself aggravated Which in these you care about most when is most last day on a year 173 now? There's something we could agree with them on we want to know Middle East peace 126 pointless who'll be the dolphin's ex the starting quarterback 61 is that for else real voice 46 Kids using cell phones at school 22 if they were carrying parents if they were considered about the welfare of the children We'd have a lot more than 22, but they don't give a crap about their kids and additional which most of them are much old-yentas anyway Who's kids in our dead and buried the Florida Marlin's 19th and El Castro 18 they're like an a life and death battle for last place Marlin's 19 female 18 out of 465 votes What does that tend? I'm still numb about that black man Michael them oh and speaking of that Because beiner boy alerted me to something that I was totally unaware of you can always learn new things Seeing now there's a pirate radio station do we know of any white pirate radio stations? Can you name me? I don't know any in a couple of one is named no, no, I'm talking about white ones. That's right. Huh? I don't know anyone Well, now we have something new hallmark has something called Mahagini car. Oh, yeah for several years Never never heard of it up until this morning in my life Well, you don't go to this Walgreens over here. No, I do not know I do not I go to the Walgreens by me right in front of the world famous pizza locked now. He'll in sunrise Yeah, you think they have Mahagini cards in my Walgreens? Is that something they have all their favorite you just mentally blocked it? I just never be seeing that Now these are cards Mahagini cards. I want to make sure I get to strike because I've never I never seen one there are specifically geared for black people right do they have like PUC yellow cards for Chinese people. Oh, they oughta did they have like lily white cards for like white people only Like real pale ones but like ghost pictures on extra white. Did they have like I'm trying to think of some other colorful people Those purple pop out the red ones for like the Indians Right and pink ones for you know your people and like purple ones for being a boy with a purple face Yeah, you can laugh all you on but it's a set I already Trust is sadder than watching the fat people. At least they're enjoying the food that's making them fat and gonna kill them We're enjoying it. I made my pitch and this guy we're trying to save people Hi, I'm Pally and we're having little or no success forget about it and I don't I don't do funerals. I just want you know that I don't do them The only funeral I'm never gonna do it from now on is my own and I'm I'm not even sure up for that I'm gonna draw mustache on Carlisce's fake. I'm serious. I'm not gonna do funerals You know how many furs I've been to in my life about 30 two Okay, two bill-caldor bill-caldor was one. I did that for his wife who was a good friend of mine and my Uncle okay in Rochester many many like 100 years ago. That's it And people are gonna say well, what about when your mother dies? I'm sure at first of all She's probably gonna let live me by 20 years and all of us She's gonna be 90 in a couple of ways and she's the same the same I was there yesterday She is the same nothing is changed. She's still taking a wreck slide She still having explosive bomb movements every now and then and that's it. That's all you need to know about. I'm going to my mom's funeral You see the Hawaiian party shirt. I have picked up See and people would say well, that's insensitive. You're a real bastard. Well, first of all I don't have a suit, you know, I don't own a suit neither well, and you can't go you can't go like that to a funeral I got a jacket. Yeah, Tuxedo. I got a bunch of shirts like this about it at the first door. Yeah. I got some baggy jiu-pans 12 bucks I would like to know what is it reminds me of that black college fund. What do they call that? You didn't need me. I didn't need you. I don't want to Negro. I'm sorry. The United Africa and American college fund. What is that? And it's the same thing what if we had the United Anglo American college fund you would there be crap going on to like so what you never smelled Yeah, would a smell like the crow on a bad day and By the way, being a boy. See the crow is the last guy we had in this place that was smearing himself with Casimero care some Silly a baby crap like a baby powder. Look what happened to him. He wound up over it fucked I just mentioned that in passing okay, not a threat just something to keep in the front of your mind I smell good though. It's not cash. We're okay. You know what we don't I don't care how you smell Because I don't want to smell 27 past I'll spray the studio so that I don't want to smell him. I mean I smell good I look like crap. I smell great In fact, you know why I got I brought back from Amsterdam far Oh, there's something I don't smell too good. I brought far back from Amsterdam The Odeophys saw the soap and it's FA. I told you for the errors we got fat But I brought packs and fire and they got like my armpits smell like lines and I also got the tangent means no matter what date is how was smell real fruity Tangerine is a good smell. Yeah In fact, I'm gonna bring it into my own. I'll just mix a little now. You can't have it because I only bought it I got some in Toronto. I got some at home. I brought it back in fact. That was the only good thing in Amsterdam was the the Odeophys So who had the people over there? They're using Seriously, they got some great the personal hygiene products. It's too bad a lot of Europeans haven't discovered them yet Or maybe can't afford them. What is that they just stumbled in there? Be so paraphernalia. He wants to talk to you I'll bring it in there in the break who wants to talk to me the person that brought in the paraphernalia? Who is the person? Bob Who is Bob? Bob the guy that made that stuff What does he want me to talk to me? Do I know this person? I don't know I think you're losing it man. I think you're losing your grip on reality 29 past noon at five 60 WQAM The answer to Bob by the way is thanks for the stuff but we are in the middle of a radio show here Okay, Bob we just don't do that. Hurricane season here before storm hits you put up shutters to protect the windows and doors of your home Don't you of course, but what about the roof of your house, huh? The so-may paint factory would make s roof master. A roof coating that can help your hurricane prove your roof So may as roof master say hundreds of roofs during hurricane Andrew while unprotected roofs were peeding off and flying away like wildfire So may also as waterproof coatings for every kind of roof going Call the so-may paint factory at 305 633 6333 the so-may paint factories the oldest quality paint waterproof coating manufacturer in the entire state So may well save you money because they eliminate the middle man markups and they sell the everybody including you at wholesale prices There are 60% lower than what you'd pay for national brands and retail stores so protect your home and property from southward Is top tropical climate with the best paints and waterproof coatings at the best prices call the so-may paint factory 305 6333 333 or find them on a web at so-may.com You save money when you buy direct from the so-may paint factory. Be sure to them that ancient Neil told you to call 305 63 63 You Hello good morning Michael William Jefferson, Meach Roblock. I'm Thomas George Fursch. How are you sir? I'm fine. I got some bad news boy. Oh, no, not more bad news. Yeah, we just want some numbers and unfortunately sir You appear to be broke You've got no money sir Sure, you've made some sort of mistake Nothing Nothing A Oh Oh My god 255 60w2 of the mad dog a two we got our big one to two comedy bits are coming up hang get sure let's take two At four the seven noon four to six thirty another tough assignment Here's a like the Polock facts is me which I guess this supposed to make me feel better see I don't I don't respect people Who dignify pirate radio stations And you'll almost never maybe never find anybody who's in the industry who'll glorify that or a Validate or say in a great because it's like it would be like glamorizing body and Clyde Right Ted Bundy You see I guess they figure it makes them really hip and avant-garde and cutting edge to do that crap But I'm not buying that and that's not the first time we've seen that either glamorizing auto dealers that sell only stolen cars right That's right Anyway, Mike to Pollock's so city link didn't name you the best radio person out of but you're on page 30 is at 37 in the Hall of Fame Maybe that takes you out of the running who knows Hall of Fame another was like ancient history and I like the old man whatever We're at which is fine. I'm not saying it had to be me. They've named me a minion times and the new times And the readers always do what you whatever whatever they like But it's always got to be there's something that a nobody ever heard of or b Now somebody that don't belong on any in the first place because he's breaking the law Right and when you bust your asian as business like in this market for a lot of years I'm like legal above board radio stations and then they're like honoring some goddess breaking the law But it's a funny baloney hand made homemade transmitter jam and a goddamn a frequencies And then they're lamenting the fact that it's so hard to tune in because you know what a shame Well, I can't wait maybe whoever else is toast this frequency out of shut their transmitter down because he's got such a hot deal Go in there, you know if they be so kind Oh We want to hear about my hog and a cards, okay? Because it goes to show you when you get to be ancient like me you can still learn new tricks You can still learn new tricks Mahogany cards my ass. I mean aren't I can't even express my words But they got like like Carlos said like what will heely words and I don't know What is why healy have to do with being black? You know they got that artwork that's all orange and brown and stuff brown You mean like C.P.A All over the floor W2Q I am I was gonna talk to Nila about it. You asked if there was a white pirate radio station Yeah, is there yeah On 953 is they were in one neighborhood in your radio in your neighborhood in Paintantation Yeah, get out of here Yeah rock just the only punk rock radio station in town. You run it? No, man Come on you must be running. What's your address? Not a man. I think it's extorty Nila you can tune it in from your house 95.3 Yeah, I'll check it on the way home. I check it out. Thanks. See now if it's a white rock pirate station then Look at all these calls on Mahogany cards nothing I think I think I blew it last year. You know the seven months of the Bedtime store is that was a bad idea but seven months of just not begging for calls. That's a good idea I mean somebody out there has seen Mahogany cards. I'm trying to get an education on here. I saw Mahogany I heard the song yeah Do you know where you go across at the airport? Do you know what life is showing up? WQ I am Yeah, I don't okay, sir. You want like best A.M. personality though for a city link. I did Yes, it's an issue always always was fine to my friends. It's a city like back in Zine That is probably my favorite publication in the world, you know You guys are tight enough down there man Well, we don't have anything you see when I'm not here these guys here you think you think that they're on top of what's going on They're not there. They're busy taking a C.S. did there these two together. I'm gonna save my macros Nila, I don't know about Mahogany cards, but I got some good wood for him. Yeah, okay He said he's got some good wood for him as what he said okay some good wood what is good? 567 I agree pound five 60 on the 18 team for rise in wireless line So I went all I was in a hall of fame. I was the best A.M. radio personality I they said I looked beautiful just like Brad Pitt and I we don't have any of that and Somebody takes the time to fax me the page that is gonna piss me off. Thank you for sending that though because I don't like pirate radio I don't it will be like a pirate drugs, you know right dirty wrong 567 560 Carlis is baby rattle now what do you stop it? He's he's just doing the running for Sarah this week. Okay, Sarah can't make it to a Walgreens Sarah Tony she's having a little bit of a problem WQAM hello yes, sir They have what Spanish cards you have a thug and no language it's for people no speaking in glaze It's a bad thing Don't don't black people are other than the ones who speak swahili don't they speak at least someone English Okay, well listen good new phone please Hold on a frown for you can understand a freaking where he said he said something about the Chinese cards in speaks All look at his 19 till one well, I'll tell you the time has got away from us again You know because we're we're BS and do much here look at these tremendous calls Huh I like this better a few calls and a lot of us a lot of us just ripping everybody an ass Talking about the hogs talking about drugs and pirate radio city link magazine and what a piece of crap it is They can suck my ass all day while it's nobody reads it, you know, no but thanks anyway, we appreciate it Oh, maybe it's coming in now Maybe the faxes are coming in oh no, but here's the story of mahogany All right, this is great See on a fax machine the colors they haven't got squat that the faxers man The faxers have got the good crap, you know what's up? I'll tell you after the break. I'll give you the old teas The story is that before he went on balance for life the beast used to be on a verge of death He still looks like crap, but he's 60 pounds less crap than he used to be in fact He probably be like under 200 right now And he would have stayed on it if he would have shown a little bit of appreciation in vinyl mince as opposed to being the a but sucker that he is You folks out there if you really are determined to lose the weight and I know a lot of you like me You're frustrated because you've been on airy diet out of the sun and you just can't get that fat that disgusting nasty fat off your body Balance for life is the delicious and easy way to try it because there's no cooking and vol There's no shopping no cleaning nothing to worry about nothing to count no calories no carbs They do all that fingering out for you and they deliver right to your door a little black sack You know how worse by now we've been talking about them for well over a year the black sack is sitting right outside your door by six and a M at your home a work where we want them to deliver it to all you do the only effort you have to make besides picking up your sack and opening that baby Is choosing that to fill out the menu once away picking between two choices for each meal A we did that's your own a program inside your sack there are three delicious fresh Gourmet meals two delicious next most of them are microwavable It just pop men a microwave and you enjoyed delicious all kinds of good stuff omelets and for tadas and beef dishes and chicken Lots of really nifty stuff made with the best ingredients and that's gonna keep you satisfied all day long That's a difference between balance for life and more to the programs most of them give you like parrot size portions You're starving to death you depriving yourself not with balance for life You'll be happy and satisfied the way we'll pour off your body So if you really want to lose the weight and quitting with arctic and disgusting and maybe diabetic run a verge Call balance for life and give them a try call nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine It's delicious way to lose the weight nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or check them out The web if you like at balance for life dot com Work at a brought you in the sea in the sea and in the sea comes the greatest channel in the history of broadcasting Yes in the sea tonight at a via on soft wall by house press secretary R. A. Flasher tells BS and the sea while the bush tax cut will actually help poor people Pull men security director Tom Rage will show you how duct tape and plastic sheet We'll keep you 100% sick from chemical and biological attacks then at nine BS in VC investigates brings you an exclusive interview with Scott Peterson who will prove these totally innocent Mimitana Ryan Williams and a panel of absolute geniuses Vol the lid off the stars hoax and later your wife will tell you that it happens to every guy and size doesn't matter All this plus I'm as in the morning on the most watched most of most dependable most on his new channel in the history of journalism Yeah, I'm sorry She found us all at 1247 at five sixty-vehoby to cure that robe bitch, you know So anyway, you're gonna be very depressed when you hear this because it has to do with one of your very best friends This facts Hey to tell you but your statement that nobody in this we will tell power radio is false at least regarding your station A few months ago Joe and Mark We're going on on how great as camp this black man radio was It was a running topic for several nights To be fair they didn't give about the frequency what was discussed by call as it's said around See that's why they're on from two to five and a morning. That's why they lost their five o'clock hour You know why their numbers are going to crap or don't let's see there are people believe me I like Joe a lot you know that good guy, but there are people who are giving a couple of parallel on one hand I got three-spixons there haven't either a grand bass now on a one-hand you got for real Okay, for real is funny. He's hit. He's cool. He doesn't have to put on an act. You see what I'm saying he is what he is Right world different there it is there it is and he just happens to be a maniac But there are those people who want to be hip and cool and appeal to a certain group of people out there because they think that by a talking certain crap That's gonna be as few of all what I'm saying I know which is why the numbers on that chore like almost invisible what poor mole would lead in he's got and That's why they're talking his crap you know tits and and a power radio Got it that's the format I'm numb what do you mean you're numb as if I wasn't already from my wife Don't even remember what that other thing was that you read About what I don't know it's all out of my mind I know because there's so much distraction going on it seriously. I'm leaving the night I'm getting out here. I cannot stay sitting here watching the smith that goes on in that room. It's unbelievable It's incredible. I'm getting dizzy just watching it Miguel is flying off the wall he's grabbing Carlos's ass Carlos's is red as a goddamn beat He's trying to find his keys inside some part of Miguel's body there on a what the other doing up against the wall You're sitting there palas a ghost One we what the hell is going on what side your thing is buttered on and then here. I can't deal I'm too old for this. I'm too old to sit here and physically That's why one of the 8,000 reasons why life in Toronto is so much better than this I can't deal with no wonder you're you can't even remember what Yeah Jesus Christ And look at that right there on the top of that naked broad you got on the door there's the virgin Mary looking down She's not gonna be too pleased with that Mama Mia now what is this crap that he just ruined is he still in there against the wall or she gone we're gonna get out of there I'm gonna start breathing on you'll give you stars man You know this course, so he didn't make it anywhere in this studio. He was used to busy in there sabotaging the show in the other room He didn't make it anywhere near that pussy. Oh, he's gonna have to go in a quarantine for days when it comes back I guarantee my tongue's locked cleaner than yours course, so how do you like that? Yeah, I could tell you some real good stories that keep my way from here Check-ass Anyway, join George and Voka Brian and Miguel and the beiner boy For happy hour five to seven to treasure island the sacked and noon located just off the pulmet issue No, it is by now just north of the 122nd Street exit stop by to win prizes Be your specials check out this week's feature Terraw wild. I'll also have tickets to see poison with skid row and Vince Neal at the sound advice amphitheater August 3 So there's a hook for you go get some tickets Instead of usual crappy Marlon tickets and stuff that we can't give away how is the line doing out there Miguel? We still got a big line outside the door You should have seen him before man about oh About 1002 he comes in there like like we got 5,000 people line up all the way to God damn gulstream How many out there what kind of a five Five three's a crowd and it's not like they were building a line In other words, I like there was five and then it was eight and then there was 20 and there was about 30 that was the peak number Like a SARS epidemic it started five and luckily this one in the right direction it went down to oh The big go Anyway, my hogany cards this is here on the same facts where they alluded to me the fact that you and Mark are trying to be real hipsters and promoting a power radio See Joe and Mark year a couple of punks you win as business about five minutes You don't understand the way that most of the rest of us feel about this crap, okay? It's like people that sell knockoffs right color You work your ass off to try to deliver a good product for a hundred years and Of course when you want to be a hipster man. Oh, yeah, we're listening to 90 tri-point three What does that a whatever? What is there frequency anyway? My hogany cards this is a great to give to white people when you really don't give it to him And you're just going through the motions it always leaves them cool. This isn't like what the f is this, you know? I never heard of it before this day my hogany card. Oh, they're they've been there In fact, if I saw it in the store and it had a section like my hogany cards. I I don't I don't know whether the scream or like I don't want to see eat a banana. Oh, yeah, that's a lot of that see oh there we go. You buy a lot of cards just out of curiosity Mothers day card mothers birthday card. I used to buy birthday cards for my friends, but I think all of us get to a point where we don't want birthday cards There's a family suckers. We have to buy a lot of cards. So I'm always in the card section and I picked one up by mistake I want to see him on that same chain that Syracul Farbs TV was on and I want to see him on that tomorrow 1001 I want him on that chain. I don't want him up and down back and forth to and fro bouncing off the walls Sucking the gals ass. I don't want to see any of that again. It's a it's a disgusting thing How do you like that even if that's what it takes to see Miguel's ass and quite frankly. I don't want my to-ass I think he just showed it the water was in there Here's a effects expressing of people's heritage that's rich and strong For 25 years hallmarks been creating cards and speak to African American culture the name Mahaghani was first used in 1987. Do we have that record? We have Dennis grow arrosse. Oh come on Dad, I don't want to play in a back-up. He's so small to see. How about this? First used in 1987 as the title of a small selection of African American reading cards. It We're offered for a short time. Just a few years Mahaghani became a permanent hallmark brand Within the company's ethnic business center. A division dedicated to researching creating cards for African American Jewish and Hispanic consumers Jewish cards, but I'm assuming there's a for like Jewish holidays when you absolutely What did you say absolutely? Oh haha Today Mahaghani is wrong to a complete line of more than 900 cards for every day and almost every season of life ranging from religious to humorous our Mahaghani cards convey the beauty and depth of African American life And always teach your hallmarks signature quality. African American art and poetry are often feature making these cards perfect or framing Currently Mahaghani is the only brand of cards that advertised in leading African American publications Like essence and Ebony and often teams have a leading ethnic consumer product manufacturers or joint promotions Joint promotions you know what those are absolutely Wow Are we getting the guy named education here today or what huh? We can Mahaghani cards. I mean I can understand cards from art and Luther King. They it's a black holiday, right? Just like those cards for young kipper and Easter and Christmas and Passover all these Ethnicly specific holidays and events all these religiously specific holidays and events Jewish greeting cards are enough for ethnicity. They're for religiosity. Oh, I beg to differ There's shop where I buy a lot of gifts and everything like that. They have an entire Jewish card section for all kinds of things including birthdays and etc. So on Jewish birthday. So I guess you want a policy then to the African American community for what you just said about Mahaghani cards All right, I said it was like a racist thing and about how we had cards for white peoples birthday It would be considered when we could consider racist Well, we already are yes. Yeah, I guess see I don't know I just Of course it's Veter boys father if he wouldn't have been talking about what prompted you to say that or he was shopping for a card for dad For father's day for your father for your father any bottom in Mahaghani card. That was very nice. Well, his dad is Multicard huh 1256 At five 16 WDQ I am here in a real dead end job like Carlos Maybe college is too expensive for you. Maybe it takes too long. You don't want to waste four years until you start getting the life If you can afford ten dollars a month and commit yourself to three nights a week for four months Fast-ranking up your cheve a new hot-pain computer career that is correct just ten bucks a month and three nights a week for only four months for individuals who qualify So call fast-trained toll-free one eight six six fast-trained They got four locations in south photos so there's bound to be a fast-trained year where you live call them today and talk to a train career counselor One eight six six fast-trained They offer you a day evening weekend schedules job placement hands-on training call fast-trained. It's a toll-free callers The obligation they'll spend you how to get a life one eight six six fast-trained Fast-trained deferred payment is valid for a year regular payment supply thereafter whether your high school student on summer break Somebody in other on underpaid dead end job or just looking to increase you net worth and these are the people you want to be talking to Cuz they get you under a real career and a real fat paycheck fast-trained toll-free. It's one eight six fast-trained or check them on that wicked way at fast-trained.com Just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon I need another abortion and I need it fast. I feel like a baby paying it out my cat I'm havin' and havin' trouble lifting my feet And I quit the fake at lies down the street it's the abortion shuffle Oh my god The abortion shuffle Oh that's got me in trouble Clean me out on the double Strap me in the stir of the chance of beating out of our bed Thanks from the juices that I've ever been stuck The lactate milk all over my shirt I'm walking like a him taking babies And I'm at the dark summer pubic ace bread and stretches the abortion shuffle Oh my god The abortion shuffle Oh my god The abortion shuffle The hangar on the double Oh my god The abortion shuffle And f**k the water going out Strap me in the stir of the beat and shout out of our bed Oh my god He likes guy films with things low-loah She likes girl films they make me throw up Some of it Members of chicks can cause all the arguments Well, well, well, well I've seen this but see this What a hell of a good cry How about this? How about this? Wanna see me untie? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Wanna go to Terminator 3? You can go but you won't take me How about something with reach with a spoon? Not unless she shows us her mood. Summer bites when you get into fights. Over one film to see tonight. Well, well, well, well up. Let's leave it as let's say this. Caught me under his heels. How about this? How about this? Because they're jokes about food. We just argued in no how it ends. I saw my movie with all my girlfriend. Then the next day still couldn't agree. So we said, let's just watch TV. Summer's come when all set and done. All the movies are really done. We're here in the winter. Time's up again. I'm a little island full of gay romance. They wear gay sandals and they wear tight pants. Some rents pop to bottom every day. Blessed with a miracle of being gay. The very best of pilots in the USA. Giving big, big pleasure in a big, big way. Just for me. Join the big swish to chest-of-field queen. New choice of the Fags of America. Well, I'm damn burnt. Chairman of the Clinton which on some ways to be mean committed. Here to tell you about Christian railway. A final solution to your travel needs. As far but the new compassionate conservative citizen. Your yellow star will now earn you up to 5,000 travel miles on Christian Railways. Triambles, the Navigia 2000 miles and 50 miles per ping. A lifetime airline goes fast while they awarded the International Reviews subscriber. Who assassinated Chelsea the keeper from great more clintards. When you have a board, art blusherly appointed freight cars. Why you get free water. Christian Railways. Say, Republicans don't hate. We hate hate. Hate. Now he would excuse me. I'm gonna roll my hand over the burning camp. We can't. I'm gonna do it. Don't worry about what I eat. I don't wanna die from having a steak. Don't wanna swallow no macabre. Don't take a break. Take it off my plate. Don't get rid of these boys and ask them. Don't give me no peace boys and we can now. I have to get by on side of the ground when we're in a waste of weight. But don't worry I'm lucky. Take my burger away. Don't give me no peace boys the same way for. Don't wanna get sick from what's on my forehead. Can't waste away. Don't give me no peace boys and we can now. Don't give me no peace boys and we can now. Don't give me no peace boys and we can now. Don't wanna get no macabre. Don't give me no peace boys and we can now. New from the makers of VKWI and the Center both sexos. The newest and aromatic aprodise act made just for homosexual. D.I. C.K.1 is the new Center today's alternative lifestyle. Some clones can lead you feeling half cock and the smell doesn't last long. With D.I. C.K.1 you just poured it on your face and you're good to go say like D.I. C.K.1. Finally designed with jiblin' vines and she's firm extractus D.I. C.K.1. In the 12-inch bottle with the purple tip of the sensor it's the all-new D.I. C.K.1. And come and soon the all-new Center must be as S.S.Y.1. Hey dude are you smelling? If I'm smelling there's no telling. There ain't no smelling where my feet are dwelling. That's because these hip cockaccians are wearing doctors, small-order eaters. He-you are you smelling? If I'm smelling lock me up like a felon. My feet used to be smelling like rotten melons. If you took a whiff your eyes would start well. People worry about it until I stop smelling. Doctors, small-order eater-insils are the best way to stop foot-order. And the best way to rip off our gelin' ads. Yo, Kellen are you smelling? No, I'm not smelling. Man you are so smelling. When it comes to smelling, you're excellent. The reasons for you to stop smelling are compelling. Doctors, small-order eater-insils. Available at your local judge store. That's where they're smelling. There've been numerous allegations that you're really not 12-years-old. Is it true? I am the little age to play Little League Best Boy. I'm just keep the kids quiet okay? Oh, and who are these folks? This is my children. Pedro, Juan Carlos, right now. Back to the allegations. So how old are you? Oh, we like- No thanks, I don't smoke. Okay, 1970-5. I was, okay, three years old, plus, 1989-9. So, I need a kick-off. Well, so when I told you, keep the kids quiet and give my racer and swallow. She's your wife. See, it's a very good looking. I hope you get a warm up. Thank you very much, Mr. Armante. All these things is done. Yeah. And it's been a pleasure talking to you. I like why it's my pleasure. You know, after a great day, a little league baseball, there's nothing like a nice cold beer and a hot chick. You want? Oh, no, no, I... Oh, you don't. Put down that is a playboy. Ah, kids. Hey, men, it's after about a five, 60. It's our big Wednesday, noon to one hour. You got something really big on our website, if you go to thearages.com right now. Just to scroll on down, man, as the list keeps growing, it's a beautiful thing. Right under where it's updated, and moving the gallery of the weird. Just keeps getting weirder. There are two of the most lovely pictures I've ever laid my eyes on in my life. Eat your hearts out on you, Mahagini card buyers. Top left, you got carrots and the beast in the nude with a big smile on their posts. And on the top right, you have never seen these two so tight. Mo and guilty. Glanted hand. It's just a beautiful thing. And of course, underneath is still on my hands and knees. So you don't want to see who it is behind me, because they're afraid it might be more. And it is. Well, that's why you're worrying that thing. That's what I said. That's why I got the big landscape on. As guilty as a mole continues pumping me like it's going out of stock. And just don't stay for an old fight. He's your got the energy, don't you? So go to theorages.com. It's a hoot and a holler. How is the pull coming you might ask? That's a good question. Have a look at that at the Coold's age. Let's take a peek. Oh my god, this thing is so slow, because there's a lot of activity going on right now. In fact, it is so slow. It's going to be like 215 by the time this thing loads up again. Is yours like slow? Why not? Because I just told him I'm going to go to the website. I'll see. This is ordinarily not. This computer has two peats. Yeah, often the beyond slow it off. See, I just got to tell him that now they're all well, it's okay. I'll give you the result of the minute. Anyway, it's telling us after 1 and 5, 60 WCM, the mad dog at 2, the hopper from Schul is at 4. And then we got the big four-light at the Marlins. Kick the Mets last night. Anybody going to be there? No, at least five of our guaranteea. And what's his name will be their boner boy, either? Well, here it is. Which of these you care about the most? We asked today on our uphole, 560 votes so far, not too bad. When is most last day on the year, 2013? Middle East peace, 150. What's it to say? Who'll be the dolphin starting quarterback 69? Is that for Real Voice 61? The Florida Marlins 24 kids using cell phones in school 24. And Fidel Castro, unbelievable, only 19. Only 19. We're not broadcasting to the right crowd, I guess. Or like I said, maybe we were broadcasting to the right crowd. It's 11 after one at five, 60 WCM, how low can those interest rates grow? You're probably wondering, now financial group does the limbo rot under the lowest B finance rate you've ever heard of. How low can they possibly go? How does this sound? 1.95%. That's true. Now you can be finance your homer buy a new home and get you a super low 1.95% financing rate with financial group. Call them and find out about it. 1-800-940-Lind. That's 1-800-940-LE and the if you've been thinking about refinancing or buying real estate. Call financial group at 1-800-940-Lind. Talk about savings. Wait to hear these low monthly payments. If you have a 100,000-Lone, your payments will be only 360 at a month. If you take out a 200,000-Lone, your payments are only 736-Muts. So call financial group. 1-800-940-Lind. Get the kind of low low unbelievable rate you've been looking for for a lifetime. 1.95%. That's financial group. 1-800-940-LE and the the Eniquel housing lender. Credit restrictions apply and rates are subject to change monthly 5.19 APR. Why did local year sports video 560-USUA? 2-A-N. The squad on this. Oh! Absolutely. You've seen him on Channel 7 News. First, as a 2-bit reported, now, as a 2-bit anchor that wears more makeup than Tammy Faye Baker and Mary K. combined, Rick Sanchez sings. 3-800-Lind. Here are the Dulls and Tones of the Man who brought you crunchack. Rick Sanchez. Lack of the cruncher! No! We're going to be now! We're going to power the... ...Rick Sanchez. We're going to power the... ...Rick Sanchez. We're going to power the... ...Rick Sanchez. Yeah, yeah! I'm the service! I'm the service! You're going to go! Rick Sanchez sings. Give me a hug at the bottom of my head! And the two! Don't miss Rick Sanchez. It is Pisty-Face Toro Brahailia. It's one show you won't want to miss State Frog Good One. For the world, we know we need it! Here! Rick Sanchez. He loves his audience. I accept you as a precious gift from God. There you go! Baby McCartney. New ones on the way. Having been a daddy since yesterday. Heather's expecting. We can work it out. But it doesn't make me want to miss the show. But our 60-4 are still changed by birth. When this gets grown up, I will be dead. Better stop go down baby whivers. My King, yeah. Oh baby McCartney. What do you mean no rest? I am that much better off than he bets. Don't know if kid will be a singer. Just hope it's healthy when it finally comes. What the job to have 10 toes in fingers? Unlike it's mom. Baby McCartney. You're dad is elderly. One new one could just let me. And now a public service announcement from the Naval Forces and retired their Admiral Dan C. Worthy. Due to the recent shortage in recruits, we here at the Navy are being forced to come out and tell you the American people that we need to see. We need a lot of good, strong, strong, friendly. We're so low that we're looking for all kinds of semen. We get young semen. Old semen. Heck at this point we'll take any semen that shoots our way. Without semen we're not the men we should be. So please help us. We need your semen America. Give us all you can. As we say in the Navy, all hands on Jack. The proceeding was a message from the Naval Forces. Trying to lick their semen problem once and for all. Alright. The Rudolph the scumbag bomber. He was hiding in the woods. Living like Dan and a moon. Just like a white supremacist. He is the creep who's wanted. For lighting the Olympic views. And for blowing up people. Who thought they had a right to choose. And then once the enemy summers he. Who'd all came to town. While looking for some dumpster food. A cop said freeze or I will shoot. Now that the feds have caught him. He's hiding in a jail cell. Who'd off the scumbag bomber. Soon you're gonna fry in hell. Oh, brissel. So like all the hard burn. No, no, no, no. Every time I see. Don't go, don't go. That three-star and a damn witch. Don't go, don't fall. My G.D. He's president, don't go. Repolicate muscle. And in our kingdom it's hideous. I don't know why. They won't want to die but not easy. First comes the net for you. You're for president, don't you? No, no, no. Oh, what I can do. Come on, come on. And get to we go, hold it, hold. Come on. Give your one, best. Don't go, don't go. Let's drum and stupid. Don't go, don't go. And this drum and rich kid. Don't go, don't easy, man. Lumber than me. He's president, don't you? You don't care what it is. You got him in my hook or cross. The Christian. Oh, no, what a mess. You and I will help the other. We've got a great leader here. Oh, the president, don't you? He's president, don't you? He's president, don't you? He's president, don't you? He's president, don't you? We got an inside ball street in. And now she's gone a paper in. Proces she like just something we've died in. Facing lots of time. We're so excited. She's taking out and cubs. Twenty years won't be enough. Drives her up and stripes. Send her to sing sing. Put her in for life. Never be a good people, my darling. They'll get you far inside training. And they'll send you away, oh, my darling. When we're laughing so hard and we're shaking. What you've stopped for today, oh, my darling. We you had everything, but you're smiling. You're the same, you were away, oh, my darling. You'd be sharing the stain, the stint on it. With yourself, me. You're... Love me darling. Love me darling. Let not forget for being done for each face from morning to morning. Your ringtone. Because when I hear you sing in mixed-week remiss, you make it seem so wrong. You can't sing in a ignored chemical race. I wish I had a gun. What is this case you might write your own song? And then my new world still... Barry Manelow. He's had a ton of hits. But none is painful as the one he took when he walked into a wall and broke his nose. And now Barry's singing about it in his brand new CD, can't smell without you. With fractured versions of Barry's hits like Copic Abana. I broke my bro's vibed in a... And now it's the size of a banana. As well as a remastered in really nasally version of Mandy recorded it on moment of impact. Oh damn it. My nose hit the wall now would take it. But that's not all. Barry Manelow's can't smell without you. Is swollen with hits. You nose and love. Like I break the shnons. I made it through the pain. Looks like I broke it. And a title track with Barry's trademark book. You know I can't smell without you. I can't breathe without you. I can't sip and I can't pick. It looks like my face was hit without a prick. Barry Manelow's can't smell without you. Walk into a wallmark. Ow! And pick up a copy today. We're on a Jerry Paul Wheel on the right handle of God. And when I woke up today I put my TV on and it's day with Kathy Lee, or CNN. I saw a purple creature with a gasey on his head. It wasn't upside down. Try angle purple thinking. Upside down try angle purple thinking. Upside down try angle purple thinking. Hey tell the tell me where just when I thought things couldn't get worse. I noticed he was carrying a little person. How can they call this a children show. I'm a big purple but I have a ground floor. He has a ground floor. I'm a purple thinking. Upside down try angle purple thinking. I love to drink your ball. Purple thinking. We're on the top of Christian's heart to believe. But on the teller tell me tell me is a TV screen. It had a purple thing. It's pointing straight at me. That was low in an eye. It's through the hole in the thing. That's lonely. 26. But it's the best one. At 560 WDK. Guys you're all kind of mad. That's a beautiful thing. Don't forget George tonight and he'll be there with all our usual cast of suspects Miguel will be there. And the Binear Boys is going to be there looking really red in the post. Booker brother will be there selling hats out of his trunk. And you think I'm joking. No I do not. Hey listen. The way things are going. And of course if somebody up there in Orlando got that mobile bitch body him to go in a lot sooner he would have to be selling crap out of his trunk. Don't forget he's selling speakers out of a van either. Fresh off the 7th Avenue York. God damn. Well that's all goes back to Orlando. You know that guy. Anyway, treasure out is where the whole gang will be five to seven that I look hit it on. I'll feed Palmetto just off the 122nd Street exit. Stop by to win prizes. Veer special check out this week's feature. Terrow wild. Also there will be tickets to see poison with skid row and vince the knee. Let the sounded by Sanford Peter August the turd. Got it. Okay. Anyway Brandy shoes is celebrating their 25th anniversary this year. We wish them a happy anniversary. And we wish you to get your feet in there because it's a great place to shop for shoes. They got great service and they got unbeatable selection and prices as well. All the top names in the shoe business. They got rock ports, echoes, mufisto, Timberland, Clarks, S.A.S. floor shim and lots more. And then there's a wide range of sizes. Men's sex 6 to 15 women's five to 12 and wits from the very very narrow to the very very wide. And like I said, they give you a professional service. In fact, I'll get you know, you know you're so well. Even though you buy the smell of your feet. That's how close they are work on you at brandy shoes. In Palmetto. We'd say probably will. You're fine. We're 12 90 new or federal highway poverty. We'd open daily 9 to 9 Sundays 10 to 5. And don't forget right now is a great time to buy new balance shoes at Brandy's because this moment and all this week take 20% off of all great. Men's and women's new balance styles. That's this week. Stop our visit on their website at Brandy shoes dot com. Absolutely. My life and local. This is 4205. 620. 2A. Yeah. Coming soon to a folding book. We're holding both near you Arnold Schwarzenegger. He is the candidate. Yeah. Now a really underrunning man. He's a deadly political machine. Send from the future to terminate the governor of present day California. Ask that. These done. Okay. Davis Arnold Schwarzenegger. He is the candidate. I think that all of the state officials should be totally recalled. Arnold Schwarzenegger has what it takes to succeed in balladare. If you call it the tell lies, make sure that the true lies save the last political action hero. He is Arnold Schwarzenegger. The candidate. Vote for me. If you want to live. Hey, poor by a string of cliche action films and a little bit of Kennedy money. 195 at the local best store. But the NQ, who could ask for more do the turbo? Okay. Do the turbo. How? How? The best damn fat you're ever gonna. What do we got here? It's Richard here with the turbo and the two bad matches near do the turbo. How? Do the turbo? Oh, right. How? The best damn fat you'll never want a home. You could have a bumpy, you could have a pussy cat. But when you've got a turbo, you'll know where it's at. If one out, one per flaws, choose the one with the 90's claw to the turbo. So, you'll do the turbo. The best damn fat you'll ever want a home. He's the biggest fat, 20, rocker of all time. And he's not taking any prisoners. He's actual sports nigger. Welcome to the jungle. We got one end games. We got everything you've got. We blow your own to hell. We're all pumped up and ready to work. Take me down to Katedai City. It was a glass of cream and the curls are pretty. What else do you think it could be made on the show for the sun board? It's military industrial strength rock and roll. The way only that's a sports nigger can challenge. The earth on ugly, the f***er. John Claude van Dam is a f***y. Steven Sikal is a f***er with a ponytail. The only reason I did a film with the veto is because he could stand up. It's actually a sports nigger exclusively on Terminator CDs, Records in the sense. If you don't buy this album, I'll be back. I was gonna clean my room until I got hot. I was gonna get up and find the room. But then I got hot. I was gonna go to class before I got hot. Come on. Check it out. I'm gonna go to class before I got hot. Come on. Check it out. I'm gonna go to class before I got hot. Come on. Check it out. I could've cheated and I could've passed. But I got hot. Um. Oh. I'm 10 in a next semester. And I know why. Oh. I was gonna pay my child support. But then I got hot. I was gonna pay my child support. But then I got hot. So I'm gonna go to class after I got hot. I was gonna go to class before I got hot. But then I got hot. I was gonna pay my child support. But then I got hot, no you would And I know why Because I got hot, because I got hot I wasn't gonna run from the cops But I was hot, oh, I'm serious man I was gonna pull right over and stop But I was hot Oh I know why Because I got hot, because I got hot I was gonna make love to you Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah I was gonna meet you, I was gonna meet you Oh Now I'm checking all And I know why We better look at her I miss her, I'm inside your life Because I got hot I lost my kids Why? Because I got hot I say we're fearless Now I'm sleeping the whole night Walk and I know why Why? Because I got hot We could like her You could like her Let the doctor Almost stop singing the song Because I'm hot And I know why Because I'm singing the whole thing We're all feeling good Because I'm hot And I know why Because I got hot, because I got hot I know why Why me you hate Because I'm hot Because I'm hot Because I'm hot Are you lying on me I'm in the bathroom I'm in the bathroom You will be fine You'll be fine You'll be fine You'll be fine Now you're the vision It's your show The day is the day Hey, I know Now, can you hear me? How about this bro? Have you seen my face? How about this? Help us and I take lessons Hey boy, horny All right, you can think That's my birthday Oh yeah Hey, my name is Pomprocco I'm an interpretation of the show I'm a director of this show I'm a director As the as Tom Broke and whoever you're You're 10, go and report to D-Loss and you're as K-Denso Unlvapo, Paordinero Tapian, thank you for your role Rachel, thank you Monica, you're a singer And me go Oh, it has been tough This is the air You're a great dancer pink a dangerous love a dangerous race A great job a lot of surprises We've won and for you I am a patient, my current ever ends with you soon ever depends on me So, ancient, I can no longer be cause you see my prostate with only But still I think I'm 23, I'm now dated, I'm born I'm 22, and I've got to keep my tea palmy and we're too Yeah, I'm so as you need to, but I can still keep rocking you That's a good day 20 till 25 60 WCM, the mad dog coming up at 2, the humper from Schulers is 4 Let me tell you about Donald mattress, I've talked about it for years on and show a lot of people ask me Do you really sleep on a mattress from Donald mattress in the answer is Yes, I do In fact, when you don't have no little dog that wakes up 3 times the middle of the night every night you're being amazed It would have great nights if you can get on your fantastic quality name brand mattress from Donald mattress If your mattress is lumpy and bumpy, you worn out just ahead of it if you screwed your brains up And the mattress can't take no more, here's the answer One easy call to the other mattress you won't believe how easy it is to do this kind of shopping One 800 mattress, that's the number One 800 MATTRES, they've got unbeatable everyday low prices on all the top names in the business They've got cealy service, Simmons temper, pedic, no sales gimmicks, no false promises No mismatches, no house brands, no off-crap, just the best merchandise that unbeatable prices like I said Call 1-800 mattress right now You'll see exactly what I'm talking about Ask about the comfort exchange policy You're not completely satisfied, they'll exchange it for you no questions asked Plus, Donald mattress gives you a free set up of your new mattress Free removal of that crappy old worn out one You get to choose the date and tie for the movie that fits your schedule and it's convenient for you All of these things nobody in the universe can challenge this kind of service Donald mattress the easier the smart way to get you a great night sleep for years to come Call them right now that we're not gonna on your door no time at all One 800 mattress, that's 1 800 MATTRES or check them out on the web at macros.com And look all this is for 25-60 Way to way, yeah You have a brand new style too We love the way you fuck your dude With the big be on your chest and full-breed your tight kiss So let me go to our own place Who's with the speed of fuck yourself? Take the bad guy straight to hell When a building starts too low, with your unique bendy down Struclushing from the white floor Oh Hi, this is Hillary Clinton I hope when you run after buy my book you won't be too shocked to discover I have a fat bitch swinging over my skirt But you can't blame Bill he certainly not gay I just had the credentials every politician needs to be a wife of convenience and it's pretty much ended with that Bill is such a horn dog he probably would have never noticed I had man like Xeniaway And Chelsea, well if you buy my book you can meet all about the affair I had with Sandra Bernhardt and our lunch aisle Now I wasn't born a Democrat I switched parties after looking in the mirror and seeing the body of Tiponeo So buy my book now because I can never have enough If you order a copy today I will personally autograph the all moods brackets to fold out Delicious Some stations give you cars, some stations give you cash But this station is going to give you the best gift of all because this station is going to give you peace of mind They're bad Just be a third color when you hear this sound And we'll give you a lot of me That's right We'll remove the part of your brain responsible for coherent thought No more fear No more problems Just day after day of peace living in a semi-vegetated state You'll be surrounded by people who will close you Feed you and record your every bubble movements And your days playing with visit paper and brightly colored blood When see for our peace of mind Oh because you had on the bottom This station is not liable for botched lobotomies that lead winners really stupid instead of peaceful But we will try to find you a nice job in an area convenience store on the night ship in the back Lose your mind Literally Keep listening to it This is Debbie Hello, Debbie I'm interested in getting through operations done Okay And somebody contouring and similar post-luxing Mm-hmm And there's one there and there's some tummy tuck And the lip augmentation because medicabest Sits really face to it for all of these things Mm-hmm Mm-hmm There's wondering What are you like to start with Well I need to get everything done Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing Okay, we don't do that No, could you do breast implants though? Uh, I can't be done Many of them are living with the right way It's the lotion in the basket Mm-hmm How much? Uh, 5000 Excellent I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too Mm-hmm Laser surgery Mm-hmm Have the lamb stop crying yet Mommy Executory Don't hurt Mommy's little baby It works the lotion in the basket I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on to you Okay Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first And then I'm looking actually we can tell you that when we see you Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts? Mommy Uh, if you'd like to Get the lotion in the basket Or should I make an appointment? Yes Okay Um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee That's fine Okay Okay Okay Um Okay Okay Let me get a little information from you Okay I know what you're doing But the lotion in the basket I understand It puts the lotion in the basket Do you want to come in for consultation? It puts the lotion in the basket Okay Do you like to make an appointment? Do you want to call me back? Yeah It puts the lotion in the basket I got my skin suit in the blanket Oh Oh Bill It puts the lotion in the basket I understand that Would you like to say It puts the lotion in the basket Would you like to make an appointment? It puts the lotion in the basket Okay, I will talk to you in the camera It puts the lotion in the basket Hello Oh Oh You're right You're right Yes Do you have a bag? I think you'll like my shoe lace Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Here Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh 151 or 56, look at that we got 657 votes on this pool today, which of these do you care about most? When is most last day on year 246? Wins in a landslide so far, Middle East peace 181 ain't gonna happen. Who'll be the often starting quarterback 82? Is that for Ralsville, voice 75? Florida, Marlins, oh it's way on down to these last three categories. Florida, Marlins 27 kids using cell phones at school 25 and feed Dell only 21. Well, good idea, buddy. But he's gonna go vote if you, in fact 10 of those are Miguel's. Not if I'd right, he cares about Fidel and the Marlins. Equally. What does that tell ya? So damn good thing he looks good, I'll tell you that. 8 minutes till 2 at 5, 16 WQM, I'll tell you who looks really good. My maybe they don't look all so great. Tom Limon and Joe Prieto and Hall of Pontiac GMC, but the deals they got are a beautiful they look great. Neal deal number one gets 0% financing for 60 months at every 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock. Outside of the again, Bina Boy, if he had half a brain would have got himself a great car in Hall of He didn't go there. Schmuck. Neal deal number two, get up to a $4,000 rebate at every 2003 GMC in Pontiac in stock, attention, current, and former military personnel get you an additional $750 rebate from all your friends at Hall of Right now. And Neal deal number three, at least the new 2004 Grand Prix GT1, for as little as 289 bucks a month, Chump Change. It's a 36 month VCM at Hall of Forty Tales. And right now in Hall of Test Drive, any vehicle on the lap for 24 hours, you can take it home, take it up to Hershey Highway, take it to work, and have you a great time with it. And of course, Hall of the As always, a great selection of dependable pre-owned certified cars, trucks, and SUVs as well. And don't worry about Fussy Credit because even if your credit is on a marginal side, even if you used to work in radio sales, they'll probably still cut you to the Hall of Pontiac GMC. Number 134-01-South-Tixie Highway, that's US-1, across from the falls open every day, seven days a week. For more info, call to the LDL Hotline, it's a toll-free call, 1-Trival 8-534-4211. That's 1-Trival 8-534-4211. Don't forget, all Neal deals are submitted to credit, provostymealer for details. Hall of Pontiac GMC, we agree unanimously on this one. They be professional grade. It's time to get it on. Schwarzenegger is back, fighting an inhuman adversary that threatens us all. Why won't this thing call late? The sooner-rated threes. Rise of the office machine. They can't be bugged with. They can't be reasoned with. They don't feel pity or most of fear. And the absolute will not work ever. Ah, for you. I have the toll-rata. Are you Sarah Kada? Is this your peace-cau-bitch copy? Yeah. Stand back. Ask the levista. Tohner-Kathwich. Tone-or-a-rata-three. Rise of the office machines. He was sent from the future to the past to destroy the office machines of today. Come with me if you want to live without that lousy copy. That's great, Tone-or-rata, but they're just gonna buy. I think 1,000. We're more deadly copy, or. No problem. I'd be fine. Brady, he's a vapor-paper-jam. Some little Eastern world. We'll be exploded to dominate people killed. With the gas that we sold him. First time a gresser nation and the only one that's going. Now more blood will be spilled. To get that oil flowing. Forget about Korean. The nooks there towed to NASA. Right. We're nearly in over and over into our head. Daddy, rag has some. Wemphins of past destruction. 3000 people killed. Our now forgotten, let's exploit him instead. Ain't there's oil to be cognizant. Going after, said Tom, too. Plank, Kato, Sama. There's no longer mention of the name it, lot of it. But no one seems concerned of. Come be in complacent. Believe in every word of this cartelist administration. I control this by fear through me. The American Federation and the right wing is drilling it over and over it to our heads. And I rag has some. Wemphins of past destruction. The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now, not the ass, property's saying I have nothing to hide. We're all disabled, partners, hours, say it. I know, beating and cattle don't have any reserve issues. Out of provoke, fatta lens, world annihilation. Old regime must fall and have a virgin and stoke with no objection at all. Till the crackdown have the balls and the right wing is drilling it over and over to our parade watch men. I rag has some. Wemphins of past destruction. Only I rag has some. Wemphins of past destruction. Till the crackdown have the right wing. I rag has some. I rag has some. I rag has some. I rag has some. I rag has some. I rag has some. I rag have some. Apart from this, let's run out into a place of dishonour Bye-bye. Thank you for coming ... I can make a full line here... Absolutely!