Yeah, everybody on this end. Yeah. Yeah. Some rubber creeper. Yeah, we go through a little temper tantrum today. He fired by the way. You know that, I just fired his ass and also the beasts is going out to go with him. That's Clarence's boyfriend's boyfriend's. Yeah, that would be great. Yeah, that would be great. I could break up that old gang of little children. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, I think that there's potential for that. Yeah. I saw the reaper out in a market. I would like to ask you, I'd like to learn a young guys who'd be at the door There's sports, uh, jock type, young guys who just, they probably worked for free. They probably paid a station to work there. Oh, you mean like, you mean I got, yeah, right. Guys who work for free, they don't want to work for free, but they want to do it. Yeah, Scott's working for free because he's not part of Clarence's little fraternity. That's why Scott's getting married. I think what they're doing to him is a legal. He's got if you go in there like, lick Clarence on the ass a couple of times. Maybe the finalist generals, maybe he might put your ass on a payroll. Work for me. I listen, I feel it for hammer for one day and they give me morning drive and change five shows. There you go. So I figured the only thing that really mattered in the end of the day was that I was able to support Neal show. You got to have a great lead for the leader and with the two of us who cares about anybody else. Right. I understand God. I heard that most Crochraught was acting up. That's why Jesus said you don't have on it around this place. That's why I'm on this place. I'm on this place. I don't be laughing beast your dog. I'm just going to say, who are you taking beast? Just have a crap game three pounds. He went to the game on Saturday and he got so excited. He sprayed his ankle and got sick and this worked money. And then the Howard David, it is wife yells at him. That's his work. I think he'll the spray is. How does he miss work when his wife yells at him? Probably. I've worked here in ninety five days in a row. Maybe we can get the peace clue on straight today. Maybe the weasel have crawling down his forehead. You know what the best thing about working here for me was Saturday. I had to go get medication at the pharmacy because of illness. I don't ever miss work. But I went and my bill would have been 75 bucks. But they had sent me my health insurance card. These people have easily. And I got my. I got my prescription for 10 bucks. And so I saved like 65 bucks. And I got to go back to the war beans and get my money back. That's it right. That's the best thing that this place has ever done for me. Excellent. That's probably the only thing that I've ever do for you. They got your car yet? No. But they want me to try today to candle, which is like driving to Europe for me. And that's not going to happen either. Here's Johnny Morales. I got bad news for you. Johnny give me the car or I'm not going. It's simple. They got your wants to do the deal. You're waiting for Johnny Morales to get you a car. No. What's in here is it now? I got competition going between Johnny and Jeff Hyde. Who's going to fall over for you? You got you got the hippie hitters on your side now, man. Yeah. Thanks a lot, Neil. Not even got me in a foul mood at a crappy day. You two Scott. See ya. This is how Florida's only Louisau Sorty Jack. Tell you who you are going on Miami for a holiday. A busy podcast competition. And WQAM.com. My children will go for a tour of Florida worker. Parents and is a bunk bud buddy. That's who I am for now. Larry King, and they don't come any better than Neil Roger. Hi, dear boys and girls. Today, you can be very extra special friends starting by just all about something really special. I think you're looking at the door right now. Come on in. Come on in. Hey, I want to destroy it. Hey, but not by something I want to destroy. Oh, I wonder where it is. It looks like it looks like a cat. The pussy. A cat. That's me back boy. What the hell? Hey. Oh, can I touch it? Sure, can I? Oh, oh, oh. Run your hands. Thanks. That's it. Sorry. Hey, you're welcome. Hey. What's this right here? That is my ball pipe. What are you doing with the blow pipe? You blow it, lad. You blow it. Hey, you put your mouth around it and your blow. Oh, can I do that? Hey, would you like to blow my pipe, lad? Oh, can I? Sure, can I? Okay. Come on, lad. You got to put your mouth around it. Lad, don't be afraid. Just not going to break. Alright, like this. Hey, that's a boy. Stick it all the way down your throat. Hey, what's this over here? Let's meet Shandab. What do we do with that? What do you do with that, lad? You put your bow hands on it. You cover the hole and your run your hands up and down the shaft. Real quick. Hey, run your hands up and down it there. No, what you want to do, lad? If you want to blow on the pipe, you want us to squeeze the bag. Nice and gentle. And then you want to run your hands up and down the shaft. Real quick. Okay. All together, all at the same time. Okay, you'll be done. Good, lad. Hey, that's good, lad. Sure. As good lad is good. Keep low on. Go harder, lad. Hada. Squeeze the bag. Squeeze one. Go, go, go, go, go. You pick the bag. You pick the bag. Go, go, go, go. Go, go, go. Go, go, go. You can do it. You can do it. You can do it. You can do it. You can do it. You can do it. You can do it. You can do it again. I'm going to kiss me, but if maybe. Maybe, tell us, 65, 60, WCM happy Tuesday today. Very important announcement here. All of you, let's get. Look who's going to be there. Wow. Rainies going to be at this thing. Are you excited about that? All right. Bush farewell tour. All for protest today. 5 p.m. The high-ed hotel, pier 664-loaderial, where a black shirt Bring a white cross representing a soldier killed in the rack and or a sign. For information called Robert, I'm sure that's not Robert Creeper by the way. 5, 6, 1, 2, 2, 2, 9, 1, 40. For information. The directions, uh, you take on 85, the debut Boulevard, East, US, 1, south on US, 117th Street cause. If you don't know where we're up here 66, is a shame on you. But you think everybody knows where it is? Absolutely. I'm parking on a west side at the Quay Shopping Center and Public's or Harbor side of the south. High is on the east side of the bridge. All areas that are public will be open. Some of you have changed it says. Let this moron know how he feels. Says the Palm Beach Stubblmaker. I scum Palm Beach Stubblmaker. 5 p.m. the high-ed hotel, pier 664-loaderial, today. To protest the Bush-might Jerusalem town. To raise a lot of money. Once to raise a million dollars in four hours in Broward County. In, uh, Wow. The goddess will be there. George will be there too. Except he's busy trying to get Scott paid. I don't know. I mean, somebody's got to get him on a payroll. It's, uh, you know, I think he should go in there right now and just whip it out in front of Clarence and I put it in motor. I'm serious. Just don't, I mean, don't let him touch it, but just let him look at it a little bit. That's only where you're going to get on his good side. Take a copy of him on his side. No, it's, it's unfortunate that we have a program directives like about 10 years old who's involved like a bunch of UM children like Robert Greeper or in the beast and all these other juvenile sports nerds. And as a result, the good people that come in and want to get paid and act like adults. And we like it. I'll do something constructive in a place. Oh, they can't do anything because there's Clarence and his little fraternity. We got too many clicks in that place. So I'm talking about. No, we're not on a spixion too many clicks. Where's the other way around too many spix? Whatever. I don't know. Anyway, here's a pool at the Sun Sentinel is taking. I love it. I love a result, man. A public, maybe a little bit slow. He where can people, but finally catch an eye. Yeah. Catching on. El Presidente. I'm delighted that he's in South Florida. I hope that somebody passes along the message from the show. We hate you like poison. Okay. You suck. Ronda. Some of us have been on him for a hell of a long time since they stole at Vogue's election two years ago. Pulling the Sun Sentinel says President Bush is asking for another $87 billion to fund operations in Iraq, which would push the federal budget deficit to a record. $562 billion for 2004. Our Bush's fiscal policies out of control. There are two choices, obviously. Yes, his tax cuts and spending plans of transformed a budget surplus into potentially runes deficits, or no. No, Bush has been doing what's needed to shepherd us through recession terrorism in the war on Iraq. Well, guess what? Guess which one has $70.9%. That's the one. Yes, his tax cuts and spending plans of transformed a budget surplus into potentially runes deficits. $29.1%. No, no. Only $29%. Bush liquor's now. In a sense, a lot of $3,500 or $35.0 responses. How do you like that? Something? Good. I'm not to make here, grow on your ass. But not to make me vibrate. Public is starting to finally catch on, Bush, Myster. Okay, they're on you. You're out. You're absolutely out. You got two chances, none and much less than us. So forget about raising all that guy. They money. You know what? Really frost my fat ass. I give up. Far away, there's this British, I forget the name of the group. But anyway, the story is coming out today is about how the, the al-Qaeda is stronger right now. The reorganized, they're stronger now than they were before 911. We still have a god Osama, Yamama. We haven't got Mula Boa Omar. They're stronger and they're like, God, they'll kind of devious plans. Those are Governor-atulosa. He had Virgo. They have devious plans for us. But in the meantime, what are we doing? We're wasting billions and billions and billions of dollars and hundreds of American lives in a war against a phantom enemy. That was never a threat in the first place. Can you imagine if we were spending those billions of dollars on real homeland security? Can you imagine that? Yeah, imagine it all. I'm really sick, and we need to go in after Al-Qaeda. But we have that problem of the bush family and the bin Laden family. You know, it's bush in the house of Seoul. It is really what it's on. That's the background of all of it. There's a real real sugar in the wood pile with this whole thing. That's what it's all about. Oh no, but there were a rackies at 911. Oh no. No, they weren't. It's kind of like the Humpty Dumpty syndrome. It was like all the pieces are broken. Now he's trying to put it back together again and can't do it. And now he's running the same people he was thumbing as knows that. You know, you either would as you were against those. Oh, well, come on. Won't you help us out now? Come on. Send us some troops and some peacekeeper. Send us some money. Please. Because we're drowning in a sea of debt based on this phantom war that we thought was going to be so easy. How come I'm getting so serious all right today? You know, I don't know. I like it. Good. Because I got a whole bunch of crap here. Okay. I'm not no more for bullcraft today after hearing about Robert G. Brewer's temper tantrum. Here's a guy's got more lives than the everybody can't. Yeah, at least. That's right. Can't stand that punk. Joe Costello was right about him. Joe's a pretty good judge of people. You know, he's show blows, but he's a good judge of people. I like Joe a lot. And when he said Robert G. For oughta get his ass canned man. He had his thumb right on the magic switch. Get him out of there, Clarence. Start break it up. There's a little band of boys. It's like a, the, the boys in the band. That's what Clarence has going there. Remember that movie? That movie a hundred years ago. Our bag movie. That's what Clarence's got like a gay club going on there. Gay. That's exactly correct. And you know, reason we, we don't see Clarence anymore. He's busy. You're looking for glory holes. That's what he's doing. He's not looking for freaking glory holes. Because at least they can't run away. And I'm single stationery. Once he starts humpin' uh, they can't get away from him. Although the room around town is that even a glory hole. So they kind of like see a lot when they seem coming. 1186 votes on yesterday's pool. I have, I have my, so worked up on it. So I have no idea. Good. It's your responsibility. Vitamins. You know what is calling poppino is going to be bogus. Here's poppino. Hello. How you doing now? Pretty good. I just was wondering how much is going to cost us taxpayers during the rush hour. Shut that all the major highways around the airport. Shut down the airport and shut down the airport and shut down the and a ghost or put it. Probably millions. You know how many millions? I've turned man. Yeah. It's ridiculous. And you know, he's going to suck so many out of his rich friends. Well, I was milk when I feel the driving spent from work. They're going to get stuck. Sir, let me tell you something. Will you use the appropriate term when you think about this president's suck is the appropriate term he sucks? Yep. No doubt. I hate him, but for him. And I shouldn't have won't be voting for him at this time around. Amen. In fact, next time, those of us who voted against him last time, we're going to vote three times just to make sure this time. Hey, in Florida, you can do that one out. That's right. If an amen. Okay. Thank you. See you. That was your real call. Kind of. It's a pissed off and fired up on the stops. Let me do the. Why won't he have a little faith? Of course, I didn't have no faith either. Still about half of the town is laying out their gun and who the hell can blame him? 13 past 10. We'll give you the poor results from yesterday. We got a poll today that doesn't need any ad. I don't think it does. I don't know. I think it needs no addition to you. You can put the new one up here. I naturally printed out the one from yesterday. So it doesn't like it's scape me. Because Thursday, two days from now is the second anniversary of 911 in this al-Qaeda business. How come all these business and hours being wasted. They're stronger than ever. Or we hear in just a few months ago that we've cut off the head and that basically they were like disorganized and they were no longer the threat they used to be. And the idea. We're here that crap. Yeah. Well, guess what? Surprise. Surprise. Those evil doors are out there. The real evil. There was the ones that we haven't been going after. Except for the ones that were feeding the McDonald's down there at Guantana. Get them. Hmm. That's what they all want them. They want to get more for their money. Hey, you'll get more weight loss with balance for life. You know, the beast I've written him off for the last time. No more chances. Maybe he can a little bit robber creeper and a clearance. They have like a three way. They can work off the way. That's the only way that fat tub of crap's gonna lose weight. Now, where you fudge back him? Are you one of the millions who built with sick and bloated off and constipated? I am so constipated. I haven't gone in a week. If you have a crane of abdominal pain or discoloration. It feels like I've got a pool of what my ass. Wow, you do have a poodle of your ass. Ask your doctor about getting relief with zelma and move zelma on keep me from putting poodle of my ass? No, Mary it won't. But it mentioned easier for the poodle on the way out. Zelma, you're suffocating. 10, 19, at 5, 60, WCM happy Tuesday 2. We got the mad dog at 2 of the Humphor, and the baby is dead. It's not a good thing. It's not a bad thing. It's a bad thing. 10, 19, at 5, 60, WCM happy Tuesday 2. We got the mad dog at 2 of the Humphor, and the baby is dead. We got the mad dog at 2 of the Humphor in the studio at 4. How many weeks has it been since the Humphor has actually been in the studio? I'm good man. Another tough timer for Hank. He's got 2 and a half hour show of 4 to 6.35 because the Marlins on deck. The wild card leading tied with a philly Zelmaarland. Study like that. Ready for that? What? Marlins of 6.35 on deck then the game at the Metz 7.10. Each game becoming more and more important. Now, it okay follows the game and Joe Mark overnight. And then maybe Moll will be back tomorrow, but we can certainly hope not. Absolutely. Because he's got bad crackshot now is what the deal is. So he's not sick this morning like a real pussy man. Every time he gets a hang nail every time his wife looks at him and cross-eyed. Oh gee, I can't come in no more. We can only pray for that, you know. So here's the results he asked today's pool. Who was the greatest fictional character in movies or TV? We asked long list here so I give Moll yeah why not. James Bond wins no no contest 286. Can't argue with that really, right? No. How many years is James Bond and go on? About third man. How many different actors have played James Bond? About third man. Archie bunker 101. That's good. I like the way Archie bunker moved up later there into a good second place. Superman 97. It's a bird. It's a plane. It's a time-wallings. Foot. Why? He's got big feet. He's got size 14 feet. I thought you knew what they say about it. It's got big feet like that in the big hands. Oh my God. They got big shoes. Wow. Can you even imagine? What's that thing he dragged through the tomato soup? I don't know what it is but by now probably is sure tasty. Darth Vader 84. Bugs Bunny was a late edition on there. Thank you very much to the guy to recommend it. Bugs Bunny's got 72 votes. Right. That was brilliant. Because ordinarily wouldn't think of a cartoon character necessarily. Right. But Bugs Bunny is legendary. He's been all over the place. Sucking down them carrots. Indiana Jones 63. Shylock home is 55. I love Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce. And anybody else who plays Sherlock Holmes are we like there's another John Carrotting role. And he also do that. I don't know. He was like a rip by. He ripped off everybody. I know. There was a Peter Cushing. Peter Cushing. Yeah. Hammer Studios. Peter Cushing. Michael Corleone in 45. And like I said probably would have done better except for the fact that you know there were other characters in the same movie who were more prominent. But I mean tell you something my craft make friend exactly. Even a horse's head I think was like more prominent than Michael Corleone. That could have raised him though. Cartoon. Cartoon. Dirty Harriet 42. He was just a cartoon character. Michael Corleone 45. Dirty Harriet 42. Batman 36. To the batma be a Robin. And by the way, just those tights something's flopping out. Dracula 32. Inspector Clueso had. You know what Inspector Clueso had? But third man. That's exactly what he had. Yeah almost passed up that opportunity there. That would have been bad. Captain Kirk 29 votes Lucy Ricardo. Now that's interesting Eric actually put her nice last name on there like it would be some other Lucy. And again he's right because it could be Lucy from peanuts. Was it right? I emailed him Lucy Ricardo just to be thorough. Speak. Lucy Ricardo 23. I was a character's name. I know just don't get all out tight like I said up tight little bit. Ralph Brandon 21. Mad Max 19. How's that? Is that where we got that thing from? Where we got what thing from? Touch the button like. Oh that's the great race that's uh, keen and win. I know. I love keen and win. I like Edwin's great. You've even even even when I have no idea how. I'd watch old TV. He was a panic man. He was a funny funny guy. He was goofy. He's dead. Fred Sanford 18. He's also dead. Bullwinkle James who still lives 16. I think that's underrated. I think Rocky and Bullwinkle was the greatest show in history and television. You don't even uh, and it's older than me obviously. So I was watching it in syndication. Even at the time my peers that was going over their head. Nobody liked it as much as uh, like I did. And just a few of us. Now, W do right was a separate show, right? It was uh, it was been a ring. You know how they had the bullwinkle adventures. The Rocky and Bullwinkle. Right. In between. They had all these other features like uh, fractured flat flurry tails. Right. And Dudley do right. Edward Everett narrating. Right. What a. And Hans Conrad. Oh my god. You know something. The like I was telling me before the show this morning. I need a lobotomy because my mind is so filled with you. That's crap. And I'm important stuff that it is the horse racing. Yes. Hans Conrad. Now the horse racing is very important to me. You have no idea. Me and harness racing are like uh, butter and bread. We are tight. Lucy Ricardo 23. Ralph Camden 21 Mad Max 19 Fred Sanford 18. Bulljinkle. James was 16. Mr. Spock 15. Spider-Man 14. George Jefferson. Godzilla Colombo Rocky and Freddy Krueger had 10 apiece. Tarzan 9. 8-8 for Frankenstein. I don't know. I'm sorry. I mean the audience did pretty well on this. But I think all the 8 for Frankenstein is like uh, some of them a little bit short. Old hat. What what does that mean? Old hat. He was a popular monster back then. Yeah. But not sure. They don't they haven't really like in a long time. Right in a Frankenstein movie. Last one probably a young Frankenstein. Wouldn't you think? No they made the young. The young Wilder which we loved. Gene Wilder. We still feel really bad about what's in Rosanna Dana. Why not help him to have been alienators in a Dana that would have gone to that big uh, uh, right wing bullcrap thing in the sky and left the killer right in the Rally. I love the builder right in her man. She was great. You know? And Gene Wilder. You feel bad. You know what I mean? She died a long time ago. I'm sorry. I'm saying. I'm watching. I'm not static now. It's a great stage. Frankenstein 8116 Norman Bates has only five. Rambo 5. The fugitive 4-0 had four Charlie Chan had a pair and King Kong had one out of 1192 votes. And a kind of like, uh, incipit pool with the yesterday. Right away for our listener George that George with the G. Who are inquired and thank you. I'll read the facts because it you know sucks my ass and why not. I like that. It's his good morning. First thanks for your show while you're welcome. Yesterday around 130 read something written by James. See more I believe that is absolutely. Absolutely correct. I love my country but I hate my president was the impression I was left with and that was fabulous. He said it's fabulous. Almost like cross dressing fabulous. Oh, the feel of that bra on your mid on the mill. Breast on the boon of every do that. Yeah, neither but there are guys who are like so heavily into that. And I'm talking about straight guys. I still don't understand that to you. No. What is the. I don't know. I'm talking about guys that have like a real wardrobe. I'm talking about really really like to dress up in order to get the whole outfit. Not just a bra anybody can slap on a bra. In fact, there are a lot of guys like Joe Rose would admit that he needs a bra. You know, a lot of work and out night doesn't do it for years. And he starts getting real saggy. He's got bigger breasts than his lovely wife. Anyways, as I was like was fabulous. Looked on your website and searched Google but couldn't find it. Well, we got it. And it's going to be on our website. Any time you're at it, it's on buzzplash.com. If you don't want to wait for it to pop up on our. website, you can check buzzplash.com right now. And it's I believe the second article on there from September 8 from my yesterday. And it's called. I love my president, but I what is I love my country, but I hate my president by James C. Moore. I have it right here in my hand. It was co-author of a Bush's brain. How Carl Rov made George W. Bush presidential. See, by him coming to town today, that doesn't mean that they were going to like slack off in fact, if anything, we're going to lay it on real thick because we're on the UW. We're on the UW. You and all your fascist right wing lunatics. Okay. Like John Ascroff and here I'm getting rummished out in all of these people in wolfowitz and Pearl All these gray robbers. Not to mention the friends at the Halleburton and Beck tell them all these other go. Oh, look at this minister arrested for trying to lure a teen online. Yeah, that was on the new day. And in date, county. Right. That was on the news. That must be a can't that be him. Oh, look at his name too. While he'd naster. Yeah. Sounds angry. That after the break. Good news though. Yeah, we hit. I figured part it was a girl. Oh, thank goodness. Yeah. But it's only a minister anyway. It's not a priest. Oh, we got the latest update on a priest situation from ABC News. Got lots of heavy duty stuff today. We don't want to put a lot of pressure on you. We had one call so far. It was a winner. Hey, let's quit. Well, one for one. Let's quit right now with a phone. It's after last couple of days. Well, there's half of the town is gone. You know. Well, look at that. There's city pulses after either the week. Holy crap. What the hell's his name? 27 after 10 at five. 60 WQAM VIP sportsbook.com is southward as best sportsbook. You know, this time of the year, both football and the way right now will be some teams are playing. Some haven't really started yet. They're supposed to. But they haven't started yet. Every sportsbook out of the sun is advertising. Shouting in yellow. Make all kinds of bogus claims. But 99% of these bookies you'll find them. Maybe you'll find them in the jungles of Costa Rica. They're hiding under those under the lush tropical forests. This year, we're up and fast to VIP sportsbook.com. People you can trust. The oldest and largest sportsbook in the world famous Netherlands. 100% legal and licensed as well. So if you want to make sure that you get a square deal in the, you know, where your money is, that you wind up getting it. Call VIP sportsbook.com right now. 1, 8, 6, 6 VIP bets are log on online. Because VIP sportsbook.com is southward as very best. You can trust them. Sign up right now. You can bet all the southward of football and basketball teams. Free juice free all year long. You want to bet on the dolphins? 100 to 100. You want that on her cane? 100 to 100. So forget about the vigorous. Also I'm scared of 20% cash bonus. Not some stupid funny money match play bonus. You get the real deal. The emuses. They say Nigeria. VIP sportsbook.com. That's how you find them online or call them toll free. 1, 8, 6, 6 VIP bets. That's 1, 8, 6, 6 VIP bets. Be sure you mentioned you heard about here on crusty QAM home of the clearance fraternity. VIP sportsbook.com where you be the VIP. You want that on your own? Just watch when you'll buy it. QAM. By James C. Moore, Eric is the best. It's already up there on our website. Be afraid. Be very afraid. Okay. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. How do I see it? Oh, that which? Oh, my God. How do I see it? Hm, huh. Oh, my Right to the Road. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Today is vampires. Where will they get under theCDJM28. I want to die but I need to do it First for the day for you With President Thubby's How would I get to go alone, small And get to we know what it is all Come on Here you are best Come on Lift, run And sleep at me Come on Move on This drug is rich here Come on Easy then Come on Come on Here you are Please President Thubby You don't care what it is all You got a mirror by her friend Come on Come on Come on Come on Come on Come on Do NOT Yeah, and from the moment he walked out he would have that be willier during the headlight looking and then he starts like blinking You know, it's like blinking and winking and not or whatever the thing is. There's a nod of clue. They flutter Yeah, he's got fluttering and blinking eyes Man, who is this man kid? How is it possible that there are any of you no matter how part of his new apple? It could be a bushlickers at this point, huh other than maybe self-hitting a little fags like Miss Fudge and his little girlfriend and quarter that frustrated old bitch But other than that and Bob Novak of course, who's got a guy named I think he's a card carrying member the Nazi party But other than that that's what the small end or is it with a big end by the way? You see Hitler still make her die. She was 101. Oh, yeah, nobody cares How many of these priestaries are you gonna send me my gun? Here's the pull for me by the way before we get married and a see and don't let me forget bush aids admit iraq missteps. Oh, that can't be true, can it? Made mistakes One day after president bush guindenation of cautious view of rebuilding efforts in Iraq senior administration officials for the first time yesterday acknowledged that they vastly underestimated the damage of the country's infrastructure and greatly overestimated the amount of oil revenue that could be used to help rebuild the war-turn country Yeah, yesterday sobering announcements came as members of Congress are contemplating El President is request for $87 billion to stabilize the back-and-eye Afghanistan and call into question earlier pronounce with five administration officials about the size and cost of this job The disclosures coming on the hills of bush's prime time address mark administration's strongest acknowledgement debate that has failed a fully comprehend the complexities of rebuilding Iraq. This was gonna be a cakewalk You know a good PRM effort. Hey, look at this. We're fighting terrorism Of course, you know, there aren't no terrorists there that we need to be worried about they got nothing to do with us But nevertheless we're fighting terrorism. It's part of the war on terror in all his crap it's a shinto fruit right And in the meantime like I said the 87 billion out of the way we got kids We can't even have kids go to school price school for four years anymore now, which we'll get to that eventually today Oh, yeah, let's just skip senior year. We can have more more on Zahd We can't even in four years that you can't the kids so let's do it like in about a week and a half would be good Look at all the money we'll save so we can get all the back-tell and hell a burden that sounds good It would be five in Ron again for Kenny boy. Kenny lay What do you say Kenny lay? It's criminal this the impeachment proceeding should be underway now as I speak you're talking about a country that was whipped up into a frenzy about a couple of blowjaws And here's a guy who is lied who is slaughtered Countless thousands of innocent people in Iraq who is sir who is set up for human sacrifice hundreds and hundreds of young American people Without having any plan any clue any follow through Who stopped his nose at the rest of the world well we're gonna go in there us in the bridge of course Because we got naked pictures of Tony Blur and a goat We're gonna go in there. We're gonna do our thing in school. You read the literature against us So basically sets us up in the bridge in a bunch of little countries that nobody ever heard of before and that's it against the rest of the civilized world And now that we're up to our ears in debt that we realize that we're up to our noses in the crack we can smell it Well, we need some help. What do you think and they're running to the you went Running to the freaking you win which we said was it was gonna trivialize itself by failing to pass that resolution To support our Iraq attack our illegal attack on a sovereign country. We don't need them now. We don't need nobody else But now all of a sudden we need him. How we change their mind. Can you help us out? For a time sake. Yeah, you know remember old Europe and new Europe and in other words anybody who's with us is new Europe and able against this is old Europe. You know in the small countries like France Italy Germany these right. Yeah faster Anyway, here's the poem see you can let me get all whipped up to a friend of it. We got all the response on the phone there nothing It's okay like I said we have one great call. That's it so we need Got me rolling I'm a rolling I'm rolling I'm rolling I'm just like CCR rolling I am I'm doing it I'm rolling one right now big fat one. I think we're gonna smoke it right during the show today. They hold it They you can't I can't that's right. I walk out on the street and smoke it here They don't give a flying crap. We don't have the guy damn pot police here We don't have the we don't have the phag police. We don't have all this other crap. We don't live in a country here in Canada Oh, we got a bunch of repressive Nazis running a country. How do you like that hey? Take your pipe and smoke it and stick it with a mundo giant clarin black dome Robert creeper's at we already did Was getting pretty crowded in there What's your take on this Thursday's two year anniversary of 9 11? It's our pull question today By the way my weight is 186.7 star right in my weight down even though it has nothing to do for balance for life Because I'm up here they have a similar program here. It's not not their company. It's another one with the same thing But I'm not doing that but anyway, 186.7 start keep a track on my weight Are we out of hell with a beast he can he can go to hell? How many times can you try to help somebody out? You know what I'm saying? Well, we're already up to about 40 with him Came in today hops on his scale and gain three pounds You're you're hopeless. Okay. We don't like you beast for real hate you like boys once you off the show I think you ought to be low with parents and Robert creeper you have a three way Eat everybody pick a hole What are you laughing about? Fish and hole pick it. It's like when you go into a new place of work everybody will pick their own orifice What's your take on this Thursday's two year anniversary of 9 11? That's our pull question today and it's only two days away by the way I don't want to get anybody nervous I mean there's some people are stuck in a Be afraid if they're afraid Get really hysterical you know just because they're a lot of evil doers you're out there looking to do us bad Okay, here's your five choices so far. I think I covered I touched the bases. We'll see Bad Schmidt will happen Nothing will happen. I won't travel that day. I'm staying close to home all day or what me worry That's what I voted Me too What's your take on this Thursday's two year anniversary of 9 11? We got the so far 76 votes been up there a few minutes Nothing will happen 39 What me worry 27? I'm staying close to home all day four Bad Schmidt will happen three and I won't travel on that day three and I'm assuming when they say won't travel I'm not talking about going in the corner with a supermarket like that You know on your list I know there are people who will be under the goddamn bed you know I'm saying no question There'll be a bunch of pussy's clearance will be under the bed probably with the feast in robber creepers UAM And no on the campaign trail with George W Bush today America's candidate addresses the unionized workers at South Carolina's turbine town factory Right in the here in Nevada South Carolina Nevada I want to be your president because I can relate to the ignorant blue collar worker Don't say that the ignorant worker all over the world Never have worked today my entire life hands smooth Silky palm olive you're soaking in a Let's go to the next question You make a hit sir. Yeah, well, you go legal as marijuana good question Important substance in the tip marijuana legalization No absolutely not cocaine yes E-c-c-airwing probably My bet you it's and that means without a doubt Without a doubt Now you Thanks for asking first thing I'd like to do see me one up close not too close no touching perhaps maybe get a lot Can I get a lot right? Joey Bush thank you very much. We got a good I got a good game paint trail with George W Bush. How do I do a sale of rectal suppositories increase by 800% since he came in office. I want to go in a sense. He took office. Yes, sure to take it stock Because he's a gigantic pain in the ass is the answer to the question okay John McLaughlin would say that's the correct answer to the question dummies 118 votes what's your take on this Thursday's two year anniversary of 911 nothing will happen 62 what me worry 40 and if you wonder about Alfred E. Newman knows he has just take a look at your president okay there he borrowed him I'm staying close to home all day Thursday only six Badch meant will happen only five people think that badch meant's gonna happen Thursday but I'm more travel at they five out of 118 so far Now we talked about this Bush bear well to her protest it's gonna take place today and I like you much in yesterday these protests that are popping up everywhere he goes in a country now getting a little or no attention from the media right not ahead of time anyway because even at this stage of the game the media continues sucking bush ass it's just it's just amazing Howard Dean came under fire yesterday from two rivals for the Democratic nomination for saying the U.S. should not take sides in these really Palestinian conflict and so many factors this is being just committed suicide question or I don't think so no I think this is somebody has the balls five days after Dean told supporters in Mexico it's not our place to take sides in a conflict Senator Julie Roman accused of eradicating a major break from the U.S. longstanding policy of a explicitly signing with Israel in the Middle East that's the biggest problem our policy in the Middle East how can you negotiate a settlement when you're on one side in of course Julie Roman he's got real credibility don't know oh brother put on the policy in the that's it's in go uh wrap your children or somebody else go away get lost go to the wailing wall president Bush's scheduled me John F Kennedy today during his first visit of Broward since the controversial 2000 election recount part of a swing through Florida that's expected to raise all I said a million more than two million it says here for his real election campaign a million in power but two million during his a swing he's swinging it Bush will make a four-hour visit to the high-it-regency peer 66 resort for a $2,000 person fundraiser Kennedy 58 took over general manager the hotel on Monday and quite pleased with his visit coming my first couple of days he said local republicans in hope to raise at least a million dollars from 500 guests for Bush's reelection oh you know something if he if he gets elected next year that's it tear up the constitution burned the declaration of independence and everybody just close the doors on a way out I think they'll do it on a big assembly we are looking forward to contributing to the present reelection said William Sheerary for a Latter Day a lawyer and one of several fundraisers who organized today's for a Latter Day elephant in Republican hope to raise another million dollars early in the day in Jacksonville in Duvall County a real Yahoo Redneck nose picking place Bush's made Florida priority since winning the state by just 500 votes no we didn't after a much-long recount in a court fight since his lackeys in the Supreme Court said all stop the counting it's getting too close he's visited the sunshine state 16 times since his election including major fundraisers in Miami and Tampa since announcing in the Spring Heat Secret election and on and on a goes Jim lay it all a spokesman for the BSO the oncest B.S. wouldn't reveal but roads Bush will travel on or when he'll be arriving leaving the hotel for security reasons he did issue a warning when the president moves we close roads in front and behind him lay it all said anybody was vines in the area would be advised best advised not to be on the road on the president's traveling pier 60 six is on the 17th street causeway and the event is scheduled in 5 30 to 7 30 in a PM both traffic will also be kept at the bridge tender spiced off about that both traffic will also be kept away from pier 60 six when a president in the hotel for Kennedy said he gets kidding about his name constantly the president's visible being a setting way to start his job a veteran hotelier who once managed the bottom entry resort in question Kennedy's met presence before built-in and Richard Nixon yati yati yati how do you like that this article in the sense that by the umptus homophobic buddy never said little piece of tear it looks like he just jumped out of a dumpster looks like a weasel what's that word hotel yeah hotel your don't tell your friends embarrassing anyway don't forget the Bush girl well tour 04 protest today at 5 PM at the high of hotel on pier 66 you're invited to wear a black shirt and bring a white cross representing a soldier killed in a rack and or a sign saying no mole I think that would be appropriate no mole bush bush no mole bush enough of the bull crap okay enough of the killing and up making human sacrifices out of American kids no money for education no money for homeland defense all kinds of lies in bull crap yellow alerts orange alerts flags innocent at a phenomenal grease pull but in terms of really getting after al-Qaeda ready for your apprehending uh... some of your mama can do it can't do a pali and now they also admit the other day which was on our website ever talked about it they finally admit oh yeah well we let the uh... we let them in law and family leave even all the other air traffic was closed on four days after nine eleven two years ago we let the uh... we let them be spirited away to Saudi Arabia i mean god forbid we should ask them any questions right well we could call them up no yet we can call them on the phone we could check about you have a little chat that going to chat rooms on the internet crap any market public is buying this bull crap or does anybody out there that's buying the shame on you man just like Michael more said at the Oscars shame on you sped enough that we are shame on him but the fact that the public is buying it this crap oh yeah when you know we're right they represent the real threatened and all those weapons of a structure uh... they did huh where are they oh here they're they're around okay let me just come down so should we take a call or two because we're already one for one sure we should here's candle hello pushing a apologies he won for two months here's a coconut grove hello hello yes sir i just want to say uh... you know i want to put my daughter in because i think we have a month eleven and i'm a lovely nothing what's going to happen with a wake up the sun is going to be shining in the weapon of mac deception will still be occupying our way down that's the problem we're gonna have and finally delivered shocking all and eighty seven billion dollar bill now i'm in awe of it and it is shocking you're right it's going to be in shocking i don't know it's amazing to me that the flashlight while shonahanity uh... brigade is able to keep the marching clones going as they are but uh... it's just a big because they still believe you know what you want so i's pulling numbers drop it like a boulder from a tall building you realize that they're not keeping the numbers what they were they're dropping big time fast i'm talking to the chairman and said that the joint bushing is appropriating the dropping facts of the crew over Ronald Reagan's chen or that don't get up dot but you know you wrote that okay thanks a lot pal uh... uh... oh man he just say go next time he starts making those good boys just see that's insensitive and bad just because he's got all time it then you're gonna make some kind of nasty crack about Charlton has been used on a bit about Moses you know what about don't mess with Moses or he's going to have a look what can we do to it former nipples priest faces criminal probed by me i'll get back to that one of the other one first so many minister and priest stories and so little time you don't understand i think i took that thing off of there i had to make room for some of the other stuff on my uh... three sixty so now if i want to play uh... this i got a father or two uh... how did you that lots on yours though yeah in it because instead of that i got all the crap you can unrap all the slime all the time i'm not so we got like mixed in match we got whatever we got anyways they'd county aflaught a minister is under arrest and accused of using the internet to commit an on a holy act police caught up with a preacher in south florida a.d. barns park this is in today's uh... seven news tenil seven news they have a lot of credibility i'd anyway thought it's a real story when we need nasser found a ministry in tamper was not tenia church business police say he was online looking for under eight sex detective one delquestee of the police says he thought he was dealing with a fourteen year old female in this chair was actually dealing with one of our detectives with one of our dicks how do you like that he thought he was deal with some uh... hot little fourteen year old babe and he's dealing with some dick forty-two year old while he'd nasser was busted on kitty porn charges after police say you just home computer to get in way young girls internet chat room and lure her online for sex the indicated he wanted to have sex with this person he thought was a young girl a fourteen year old girl investigator say nasser who lives in Saint Petersburg arranged to meet the teenager at eighty-dubbed barns park on bird rodent seventy-second avidogas he wanted sure is bird he drove all the way down from Saint Petersburg to meet her at this park at with a female detective waiting for him and when he approached her we arrested him said he take the case to nasser charged one kind of felony computer photography was arrested yesterday last night release on bond state with channel seven news for more on the story it says at the bottom of this because it's on channel seven news website so obviously i can say turn over to channel four because they got a better story and they got better reporters and they got angel array laughing or asa or turn over to channel tenancy quite lucky and then i can do that because i got to say state with channel seven right right because it's on their website and i just roll in here like a looted great i'm on a black and alarm clock you know the hell he's and at my free to a stop put them on one more time we're gonna put Scott in the middle of a a circle jerk we're gonna make him the pivot man with parents and a beast on the outside running around the robber greeper that's right robber would be done something like that robber's like a unique robber doesn't have a penis he doesn't have a penis he doesn't have a giant just had a smooth spot he has you know that in fact when i first came there said all robber to breast the board on he's an old smoothie little that i know what they were talking about robber greeper a man with no instrument yeah they wanted to play in a band when he was a school you know how a lot of the kids in a band are really nerdy but he couldn't play it a band because he had no instrument we hate you robber we can't stand you in that temper tantrum you through in this morning unacceptable your ass is going to be fired we're all going to go around say about time maybe it'll send a message like joysazza like those guys got shot in a lounges barber shop sent him a message he's going to get a promotion you know something when i get down under one eighty which isn't that far away i'm going to be so dangerous on issue i'm going to have so much energy i'm going to be so fricking dangerous then they will fear me you know i'm talking about now i'm just a dot ringle fat fat but once i get out of one eighty in the scales and i start getting my i've blood sugar really under control and i really little bit energy again then i'm going to be really really dangerous see if frayed be very afraid absolutely correct man you know when a ten comes to have your carpets clean and look in just like brand new like you just got new carpeting laid right on your floor dry concepts that i've hoax you want to call over twenty years they've been cleaning carpets in my houses my homes in my joints and they'll do the same for you a fantastic unbeatable job they dried clean your carpets nobody anywhere any place doesn't in the universe it's an exclusive pad that method and when they get done your carpets smell many first and right a couple of hours they look just like brand new was laid on your floor and it's it's amazing they have your written guaranteed price before they start to job too unlike most carpet cleaners where they have those per room scams all the other BS no BS with dry concepts just a stupidest job on your carpeting your drapes your furniture or poultry all whatever you want and right now dry concepts continues off for new journeys last weeks of summer chance to say 15% are next carpet cleaning just called dry concepts tool free one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one has to be put on their stand by list then dry concepts will call you next time they've got an opening in the schedule it's like when you fly stand by it's the same deal if you're available when they have it opening they'll knock 15% off the price for you so called dry concepts today has to be put on their stand by list when you decide to call they might even have it opening for the same day you call and they'll still give you 15% off the price of that job so if you want a fantastic job at a guaranteed fair price every single time if you want your carpets looking and smelling and feeling just like brand new would affect in the cost called right concepts one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one or check them out in the way but dry concepts dot com and look all this is for real by six you way hey stand show power manure hover's over this performance by the golfer you never know when the power might go oh oh oh oh oh no damn it all over the stairs is the worst power outing in American history and we're not as bad reads what I'm doing what am I doing introducing the hummer th3 solar powered vibrator oh oh oh that's it that's it need more power then you should get the hummer each for nuclear powered kickstart remote control vibrator number alternative energy vibrators they won't leave you and love about to the five sixty wdq and speak it to the hummer he'll be on right after the mad dog for the staff note in the studio making his presence felt he told me he lost a little bit of weight the hummer that's what he said well I mean not that's what he said I'm talking about if you've seen what you haven't seen him in long time right i i see him every what to do well you go to report tomorrow you'll measure his worth i got like here's a call from dear field hello new yes sir what we got here is a failure yeah i'm favor do i get rid of these chronic colors what we got here okay asshole you know some of you sparks is out there we see moe was not today because he was sick yet the crotch rod act up again go away don't go away may i just go away Scott by the way doesn't deserve to get paid yet at least i've screened on these bad voices you see if i'm clearance i'm in there right now with the paperwork if i'm a clearance i'm i left or the uh i left or the beast ash just long enough to get the paperwork together go in there and say hey Scott just go out a couple of forms here you'll be chonding us payroll that's what i'm doing but no and you notice how you don't see clearance at all because he's laying low he's there because he's embarrassed he's humiliated because he's a bullcraft artist he's a little wannabe he's a little quiz a little sports nerd who's you know like uh got a little fraternity of children there here's haily a hello okay see what we just run through these because there's no real calls on here anyway here's my amy hello neo why amy when is this okay okay good let me ask you question do you have a difference with the accord and okay great okay we'll do one more see there's nobody got anything to say there was uh you know all the stuff that i've been talking about it's the same old stuff in the first hour nobody has any nobody cares nobody's concerned it's just about to the usual jackballs that we got you know but you're people try to be wise guys think the people that think they should have their own show five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and what did i tell you like weeks and weeks and weeks ago even before all the summer stuff started if we're not sitting here building a pool right oh well i say i say Dracula i say but you know one of those like we did yesterday it was killed for hours easy we're not doing that these people got nothing to say and you wonder why the country's been taken over by much of fashion while u.s. holes are asleep you wonder why pretty good and easy if you ask me you can't complain about education in america because generally speaking there isn't any you didn't want a bunch of functional illiterates who worried about a god damn football game more than about the you know what hell's gonna happen with their kids and with their lives and with their jobs and where they're got the next paycheck is coming from they don't give a flying crap that's what we're talking to every god damn day now okay that's what we get on this phone they could take this phone and stuff out of parents and yes for my part okay because your calls generally speaking suck they blow they bite i mean bearers i'm humiliated i'm degraded what did you have see span and right remember those things i'm sure yeah so you can humiliate and embarrass yourself like a call you know all these but you're cause we get from your people all brother your people if it isn't about alien or maris is greasy ass and they got enough of the say but they sure are supporting them marlin right now it's the same old age they're gonna change here's my any hello yes sir yeah you know what's happening with all up on here she's gonna sue uh yeah i got it i got to sue her get to it blazing and by the way i just left you in your front corner the best of me on 95 i hope i'll put your brand new for that for you to tell and reconcile if you're going to where did you get those we just got out yeah well if i'll give drugs my number because if i tell you now everybody will get them and you won't make any money for your fundraiser okay all right but i think i said i'm with this for you no one for us to guess well that's okay okay well we appreciate it thanks a lot pal i don't hang up on why not i woulda get his number oh all right hang on there go get his number you want to get his number for one to see what all these got hey me like drugs okay in saying i think about having a drugs but if he does have it invite away your future use you didn't say anything about not having it probably skycoe use some too because you can't afford to buy his own drugs because that's all right on a pair of no seriously i'm i'm tired of this crap you know today is the day because i'm i'm really wound up today i it's just uh i actually have lost enough way to continue my penis this i'm so excited about it although i can hire him now i'm not gonna hire who now Scott why not because he had that tiff with Robert he had the tiff with Robert they both had the tiff with Robert who does Scott assemble stuff for else music right well who the hell is Robert can be telling for ral to be telling the host what the hell music he's gonna play in a goddamn rejoin what the is that got Almighty who the hell is Robert freaking greeper that little piece of crap that quizzing that little bush looking idiot that self-hating uh oh god piece of turd you could smell him a mile away that's Robert that's Robert greeper even the mad dog knows it's you turd right i flushbed her crap down the bowls here last a couple of weeks than Robert greeper is this is the problem you know you got a bunch of little quizzlings running around and you all got an attitude and they got authority well i'm not gonna do that he's like a five-year-old child in the sandbox that kid how the hell is he i would say i'm a good man i'm close to it there you say yeah get ready to go into the game like a five-year-old child Robert freaking greeper what the hell kind of a place is that i i've heard about that you got a guy like for well and there was work in the york he's worked in it land he's worked in like big markets he's like a real broadcast of a scratchy voice but he's a great guy and then i'm gonna have big numbers forces already got that morning go stuff and spider is leading and what is he at the content with some little childish crap first thing i do is they get this asshole out of here okay put a guy then producer when you're a board-off who uh you know what the well-ad attitude V-O-W-A remember Larry Voila no yeah V-O-W-A board-off without an attitude that's right that's what we need let's attitude and more work that's what we need more cooperation instead of having a fight against some little yeah i don't want i don't want uh that's it that's Robert creeper like a like a five-year-old child you know what i'm talking about it's the truth yeah can't even speak he's like he's like some kind of a uh like a spaceship landed he crawled out like somebody scraped the barnacles off the bottom of the ship and he like popped to the guy damn back top with all the scum over him he oughta be like that boy in a bubble remember that he would be there because he doesn't he's like anti-social just the ambiance of his whole existence is like anti-human so we have to like put him in a plastic bubble I don't want to burst his bubble but nevertheless we hate you Robert you make us sick God i already got four skin i don't think he's even really Jewish that many here here's a call from Northgate village hello hey you know how's it going pretty good i am just off and fired up man i thought you got a candidate that is worth the crap you know with Howard Dean you know when the nomination after all said and done and you continuously have the media with the right wing forcing in our face like rush limbo on EST and i mean what is this all about now well what i don't think that the people watching merciless body SPN are gonna bother voting next of our grun to get to worry about them but they're forcing the down there's too busy drinking hardwise they don't care but i don't want to see rush limbo on my football yeah i want to mock them lots of pregame someplace else that's the point don't watch the SPN pregame if everybody turns it off in merciless ball begun just like Dennis Miller but it's enough to battle anyway i mean you get all these other you know MSNBC and CNBC you know with their uh there agenda try to work with on the right with a bush-looking agenda with a super patriotic flag waving were afraid as hell of the administration in january right exactly in the CBC now and then the C. I should have been east this trudeau match it there you go but they said it many are he finally said where everybody's thinking we have no business being anywhere over there whether it be Israel whether it be i rack we just that's right you know i give him credit he's got the ball he's not gonna pander to the jewish lobby or anybody else he's telling me exactly like it isn't that's what i've said we ought to be right down in middle is no reason we should even be involved because there's no our legitimate interest and nothing to do with the Israelis and the Palestinians let they want to keep killing each other uh we're more power to him have a good time exactly can you and i would have five thousand years with all the style was just even to her he had the balls for a little bit but it looks like jeans really gonna come true with no longer and i hope he wins the election i hope the people really wake up and uh and get with it man that's all i got to say take a day man thank you pal god bless america then that sounds good god bless america i'm about our president i'm about to be as you always want to all of these oh there's so many of these pre-saint-chameless things here it's unbelievable i can't stop it's uh how you can't stop for unbelievable i know they can they obviously if you're neither can David paugh david by the way i got a stinger cut in word that whole words brain used to be in some man Greg maybe they can like meet in the middle because Greg got the finger cut in words but his holes at the top see david it was up to the nostril if you're underpaid overworked like poor scot their vendor appreciated if they feel like some kind of a lemon like the furniture if you're sick and tear that how about getting a new high paying career and you can do it before the years and even though somebody uh September cough fast train toll free at 1-866 fast train because they can have you train and certified before the end of the year the demand for computer professionals continues to grow so there's no better time than right now to get you a new high paying computer career get you some skills get a big paycheck it'll life fast train offered job placement assistance convenient to eating weekend schedules and now with six floor to locations for southloader there's probably one very close by you pick up the phone call fast train today they offer your financial assistance to people qualify as well one eight six six fast train is those used to say you did an job another month check them out of the web at fast train dot com and then call one eight six six fast train get you some skills get a career and get you a life my life and look all this is for triumphant we know Then left us all this way We call them to blind the circle It was our duty As the bombs drop from the stars gone far away Maybe we should have paid attention a little bit more To the past we just dreamed of The price of capacity clung But I'm afraid that the mine won't be that much We'll meet again with our whole family Civil rights will be restored on sunny day We'll meet again with our whole family We'll meet again with our whole family Civil rights will be restored on sunny day We'll meet again with our whole family Civil rights will be restored on sunny day Why sure why didn't the Schmidt-Kan I think about the big protest that's supposed to be taken place night Looks we like I should meet can I saved it? Okay, I'll let you read it later, okay over and over and over again Hundred times A few settlement terms reached I should have had this on last hour But we had so many important call to take ABC news has learned that the Boston Arts Sciences at the Catholic Church has reached a tentative settlement with more than 500 victims of pedophile priests The settlement terms total 85 million with each victim to give between 80 and 300 grand Depending on the length and severity of views but how long it was For the settlement to go into effect 80% of the victims have to agree to the terms It's expected that the announcement of the settlement could be made as early as 1130 a.m. Which is about 13 minutes and 10 seconds from now not to be too precise Bishop Sean O'Malley who was installed in July as the new Bishop of the Arts Dies She's was personally involved in a final class which took place Sunday and Monday In fact I had an earlier story that they were like secretly having these talks Yeah, remember that how much shall I pay you remember that ends up with a month and a little bit was it was it Is the undertaker now the undertaker. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, how much shall I pay you that was the opening scene for crying out? What's wrong with you man? I'm slipping you're slipping back just like they'd done the down all the respect was slipping how much shall I pay you? Oh, yeah, I'm going to say it come on Bishop Sean O'Malley. Yati honey. Oh, Mali Paul H. Hanigan, Jr. lead attorney for the Arts Dies These Joe Marsh Jr. and the Gordon Fraser Jr. with mediator Paul Finn of Commonwealth and Walter Ross Jr. of Commonwealth Mediation and Consoliation of Brockton Mass from conductor to settlement talks with a steering committee of lawyers representing the victims The churches initial offer posed last month with 65 minutes And then they said, no, that ain't good. I'm about 85 minutes. Okay, so they said okay, okay As they try to squeeze in every dam that they can't out of these child molesting grave robbing lying and keeping bastards these phony baloney tax-free elunatics Wrapping and pillaging the world for their own fun and profit and whatever. Thank you, Panky and And church worker charged with abusing egan team. We're in Helsigen. What? Omega soda This is from the start tribute attribute manyapolis a 32 year old youth director was charged with sexually abusing egan team is your he met through church Roger McFarlane a student from Trinidad. Oh, look at what does Caribbean perverts man. They're the worst. Ah, young man And not only that, but they smell bad Was booked in the Dakota County jail Friday after being detained earlier in the week while attempting to enter Canada by boat egan police said tempting an enter Canada and we said no go back a McFarlane with charged with their degree criminal sexual conduct. I wonder who smells worst those a Pakistani people Pastor Roland J. Wells Jr said McFarlane was working as the youth director at St. Paul's of evangelical Lutheran church in Minneapolis until last week When the allegations surface McLean was fired McFarlane whatever his name was According to the criminal complaint the boy who is now 16 had multiple sexual contacts with McFarlane Dakota Ramsey and Hennep and counties when a boy was 13 to 15 years old. He had multiple orgasms McFarlane also provided alcohol into back of the boy and showed him pornography to complain said how do you like them apples huh The search warrant affidavit includes information about alleged earlier incidents that are not cited in the charges The church had been spotting McFarlane because he was an international student studying in metropolitan state University planned to start a seminar next fall. Yadiyati. He was directed by Canadian immigration officials September tiered after trying to boat across rainy river near international fault And they nailed his twin of baby and ass. I'd be like that. He was trying to be a Canadian, but they nailed his twin of baby and ass Now, for how many of these are there? Boba. Turned man. God. Willy Romero. The former Naples Florida priest accused of sexual miscotted to three peruses across South Florida is under investigation Now by Miami prosecutors for possible criminal violations involving a 10 year altar boy. How do you like that? Huh? At just teenagers. A 10 year old altar boy. Boba. What do you happen all the boy? I'm a Catholic. No. There's an open investigation on him said David Marin assistant state attorney who handles sex crime Prosecutions in Dave County. Romero 66 was sued in late June by 38 year old New York man to contends Romero raped him in 1975 Inside an orifice at St. Augustine Catholic Church in the Gables and curled Gables. Are you ready for the maples? No. Soon after that alleged encounter Romero was sent to a sedan Catholic school in Naples where he was youth pastor and well that's always good. And a catacus in teacher for less than a year before he had another transfer his fourth and nine years off a lot of transferring going on there. And I'm saying back and forth side by each up and down in and out. At St. Anne Romero used church rituals while molesting his victims in a church rectum re. Back home two former students have told the Daily News in first hand accounts. This is the Naples dating news at prestigious publication of Ever There was one. And two weeks ago the former priest who resigned from the clergy early this year in the midst of an internal investigation by the Roman Catholic Dyshe's A Venice Florida was sued by three siblings who led sexual abuse occurred while he served that same Joseph the worker Catholic Church in more haven from 1989. You know where more haven is don't you? Yes, I do. When you take that shortcut across to the alley. Sure. And you go through more haven. I'll put a stop by. There's a couple of illegal aliens. That's an NSA child molesting priest. While the church here look. Uh, well, at the church near Lake Okechobe, Romero organized a weeklong boat trip from Palm Beach to Miami. According to the lawsuit file by the two brothers and their sister on that trip. Romero converted in the nude while his victims took photos of the priest. He also started molesting the girl who was loving the sookiness. So Lisa spread it around. He wasn't just picking on the ten year old little alter boy. Lots of really. Huh? He was kind of like clearance. He'd stick in any work as that he could. When West Palm Beach had turned adjacent, why so went to prosecutors with the complaint. He said he was told that illegal sexual imitation brand of the prosecution of the decade told abuse. Under state law, sex abuse charges about victims or minors but older than 12 generally must be probably the three years at a young. And it goes on and on and on. It's a very long story of the second page which I never got but that's okay. How do you like that? Apple's huh? Lot of apples I keep saying that in the reason being that I like a good apple now and cold. Yeah, I've room temperature cold. I heard down the yellow hair. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless life. California crowd hostile to Maria Schreiber. How do you like them? Apple's. Good. Oh. Man. Lot of crap going on baby. Lots and lots of crap in a good old USA. And a public is going like that. But the good news is that slowly but surely there are more and more people waking up every day. You know, like a little light bulb went off like right at the top of their head. Like Ronald Reagan used to say for GE and that's it. Like a little bell started ran. Oh, guess what? There's some heavy duty crap even lied to like crazy and are like fleece and us all kinds of money. And they're giving tax cuts to the rich and all of our tax money is going to like this funny, balloony war and killing all of our kids and boochering thousands of innocent people. All of a sudden a parent suicide bombing your army base in Israel. Oh, how unusual. Unshot. Like I've said for years, let us get there a lot of there. Let's start taking care of we be important business instead of pandering to this group and that group and this lobby and that let's start taking care of our own business. In fact, if we to kick our nose out of there for a long time, it's going to be booch when you tell the other up and nothing. It would be any different. Said we'd be a hell of a lot less hated than that we are right now. If you catch my drift, I caught it. Here's the call from Delay Beach. Hello. Hey Neil, how you doing? Okay. You know, this was just an opinion of a guy. I'm somewhat conservative from moderate and I supported the war and I rack at the beginning. But now I'll tell you what you looked at retro spec. I don't care how you look at it. The fact is that the United States got stuck. Then, like the Donbou's saying, so badly with this whole thing about weapons and mass destruction and all that, how they really aren't there. And he had us all of our intelligence totally do, but it is there. And we look like a boy. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. But you're wrong. He didn't have anybody. Do we knew that it wasn't there? We, I mean, we had Zillions of reports that we knew that he didn't have any weapons and mass destruction. Do you expect there's tools that? Huh? But wouldn't it, I mean, wouldn't that be so stupid to know that? And then going there and do this anyways? No, it's not going to find any of that. Sure. I hate to burst your bubble because you sound like an intelligent guy, but they lie a lot. Just like LB J. Lied about Vietnam and just like the media helped him out. The same thing here. Same thing. Same thing. But administration lied in the media. It would, uh, MSNBC and CN operation Iraqi freedom. It all these other, and then they had the big wall and MSNBC all the heroes coming back. It hearts and flowers flying to flag, playing the hearts and the stars and stripes forever to violent. You know, they, they're American people, but led down the garden patty lied. And now they're caught up in their own lies and they have no way to extricate themselves from it. This is a quagmire that we're now. Oh, there's no question about that. Now, the people that you got to feel sorry for are the troops over there that are getting, you know, flying. Exactly. And how come this war on terrorism? How come al Qaeda is stronger than ever? And we still haven't got Osama and he's still making up a video in audio concerts and threatening to do this and do that. You know, something, one of these days, they will do something else. And in fact, they've been doing it all over the world. They've been doing all these things. And it's just a matter of time before they do it on US soil again. Well, I agree with that. The four is, you know, I think then it was the fact that we're over there now. Exactly what's the job of saying, what is that? Like he's hiding out now, taking pot shots. Because this is the, no, it is what he wanted is what Osama wanted. That's exactly what he wanted. In fact, there, there, there, there, there, there, there. After we went into Iraq, the anti war people were taken out as an a paper, where the picture was Osama saying, thank you very much, Mr. Bush, we're doing exactly what I wanted you to do. Yeah, absolutely. Look at that. And I know that we, you all, all these militant terrorist groups into Iraq who weren't there before this war before the attack. And we've made it a hotbed for terrorism, was it wasn't before? What are concept? But you don't even think, though, that even if there's a higher up in the Bush administration, how does it do over again, if they would not do it, if they knew it would be outcome was going to be? Not if they knew they were going to get caught with their, just like Tony Blair with their pants down. And it's heavy to do, you man. So that's terrible. Amen. Hi. Hang in there. There's a guy who, you know, could have been serveative moderate hint of vote for Bush. You're going to even have to ask him. No chance. No way, Jose. We got over a year. We have over a year for the public to wake up to see how they've been just snuckered. And yet, in spite of that, like I said yesterday, 69% of the latest bull, 69% of the American people, the Dodo birds out there think that Iraq and Saddam Hussein at something to do with 9.11. Did they? Absolutely nothing. Zero. 15 to 19 damn hijackers were Saudi Arabians. There wasn't one Iraq in the bunch. They hated each other, but now they're buddies. Now all of a sudden they have a common cause. 27 past 11 at 5.60 WC, we're going to change the world on a show. No, but at least I'm not going to get out of my system. Okay, I'm going to directly. Oh man. How low can those interest rates go? That's probably what Todd Rek is wondering right now. Now the financial group is doing the limbo rock under the lowest B finance rate you ever be here. Now, if you're going to be here, not 1.95% sounds damn good. And it's true now, you can refinance your homer buy you a new homer. Get a super low, 1.95% financing rate with a friends of financial group called full free. And check this out. 1-800-940-land. If you're even thinking about refinancing your buying real estate, you ought to be call net number. 1-800-940-L-E&D. You talk about savings. If you have a $100,000 loan, your payments are only 360 at a month. If you have a $200,000 loan, you're payably 736 a month. It's outstanding. So, confidential group toll free, you got nothing to lose. 1-800-940-L-E&D. You've been searching and praying and hoping for 1.95% all-time lows. Call right now, give this to pennies 1.95% rate from financial group. 1-800-940-land. That's 1-800-940-L-E&D. Be sure to mention Todd Drek's name. There are an equal housing mother. Credit restrictions apply rates up to change monthly 5.19 APR. 1-800-940-land. That's 1-800-940-land. That's 1-800-940-land. That's 1-800-940-land. That's 1-800-940-land. That's 1-800-940-land. That's 1-800-940-land. That's 1-800-940-land. That's 1-800-940-land. That's 1-800-940-land. That's 1-800-940-land. That's 1-800-940-land. That's 1-800-940-land. That's 1-800-940-land. That's 1-800-940-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. That's 1-800-land. Oh, amen. Wow, holding food. Both abroad they covered genius, the man with a wit that's so great that it's, imagine, you know, almost bigger than his bald spot. He's the best. 133 at 5.62 WC influences somebody sends this fact as a cartoon, he here's a priest for the world conference of clergy speaking. They're sniggering, yeah. He says this morning we'll discuss the very serious issue of child molestation. How can we keep doing it and not get caught? This is obviously from Hustler. Absolutely correct. Alright, nice gone, Pops. How can they keep doing it and not get caught in very easy? Because they'll put out a big dog and pony show like they didn't Dallas a few months ago. Was that last summer, right? Right? Time flies when you have in fun with little boys. And they'll put on a dog and pony show it all. Well this has to be stopped and they have a resolution saying this. Of course the Pope made one. He's more concerned about stopping those game marriages here in Canada and Europe all these things, you know, really the world. That's right. That's the kind of stuff he's worried about. Because then he's afraid to think about that. The Swiss guard will find the old fall and love and they'll all abandon them. The Swiss guard, you know. Always real hot looking young guys to have to meet certain standards. Have a certain penis like, even if they even measure their foreskin I understand. That's why they call the Swiss guard. Anyway, here's the fact that it's as I'm astonished by this because I've had no complaints about our internet connection. See, the whole thing with our streaming on the internet, I don't even know how it works. Are we still still cutting out the spots, right? We don't know. I don't know. It's something's happening. Well that's great. I think they hear this very much. I mean, I counted how they attended and viewed and checked out website. We ought to have a little more input and output. I mean, Eric's doing a phenomenal job. He got a great idea. James C. Morse story on airfactor and you can say douchebag. Well remember, you can say beiner boy or revive him. The internet, you think we ought to have a beiner boy revival? Are we already dead? Yeah. Anyway, go ahead. You were saying the internet screen is not Eric's doing. No, I'm not talking about Eric. I understand that. I'm saying he's going to great job on his end. It's in the building, there I know that. And nothing. So they're the ones that feed whatever it is that's happening. So it's probably Bob or Moth and George Corsot teaming up to make it a piece of crap, which is typical QAIM style. It's probably highlights of old Cames games. No, but seriously, in other words, the brace, anybody who's listening on the internet piece of stuff actually are called or do something. Okay, so we have some ID, what's going on there? Well, Eric, listen to the editor. Yeah, well, so what happens when we go to the commercial brace? For example, when I do a live spot, how does it does it automatically cut out? What's the, huh? They hear this. Yeah, that's not bad. It's an improvement over Moth. Absolutely. It says the internet connection. Your show has been terrible for a week. It keeps cutting out every two or three minutes regardless of the meaning of the thank you for introducing me to balance for life. I quit smoking tobacco this February game 20 pounds. I've been on the balance for life for Moth already lost 10 pounds. I'm paying good money and it's worth it. I can't believe that losers like the beast that fat little tub of crap was busy suck and Clarence's ass. What a rustic and suck. Refuse to take advantage of balance for life for free. Says the money I'm saving from not buying soda and fast food and candy is also better from the program. Are we newing for the next month? I'm going to look so good. I'll be doing all sorts of hot people by Christmas. Unlike the beast, excellent facts. Can keep it up baby. Keep doing it. Like that little fat pig just sticking over the hidden clearance. Okay. 20 years from now, they'll be lock and walk and hand and hand on the beach with a tin cup. Tragedy pathetic. He's off. I'm going to tell him, don't let me forget when Troy's dad comes in tomorrow morning. This is he's blown his last chance his last opportunity. Okay. Now it's an embarrassment. It's a great sponsor. A lot of people have done well with it. The food is good and he's getting it for free. This is a little spoiled little rich kid with his rich parents who have spoiled him. I made him into a fat little whatever. And I'm wobbling whatever he is. He's a monk. And he doesn't care. He doesn't want to do it. You don't want to remind me of what? It's like a fat beaner boy. It's the same thing. How many times can somebody lead you down the garden pad? I'm turning man. And you finally don't you just say hey, how would it get lost? I'm not sure if he's going to do it for somebody else. I like to find somebody else in a building. I'm not fat boy because he's a lost cause. I'll research it because as soon as I say that, remember last time, soon as I say we're cutting the beast off of the free food, there's fat boy. Hey, pali, I'll take it. Yeah, of course the only problem that is he eats an addition to what he usually eats. Hi, pali. She doesn't have to help to post the work. He eats the five, the three meals and the two snacks in addition to what he usually eats fat boy. We call it the snack sack. Yeah, I got to sack somebody to snack on and not him. They're even getting near me. OK, don't get close. Here's a call from the Redlands, hello. Why? Yes, sir. How are you, sir? OK. I call to inquire about your ret problem. Last Friday when you were talking about I couldn't get through. Yeah. And I have to deal with the rets living on a farm twice a year. You have plenty of time and when it starts to turn cold. Yeah. And whether's one, there's many more. Right. Well, they caught eight and then they came back over to the weekend. They did the ceiling up the thing and they checked up there again and there were no more. So they're going to come back there. I mean, they reproduce like every month. Like like rats. There are 28 days of something like that. And it's scary. And then once we have that here, they go no way rats. They're like eight inches long. Jeez. And then it's not including the tail. So we all have. I've been effectively being able to control them. It was dry bait. And I was peanut butter for crying out loud. That's food. They just dry bait and they go search for water. And so yeah, somebody called in the other day about the blue block thing that you put up there, which I guess is what you're talking about. You divide different different configurations. You can tell that your blocks are. Right. Whatever. And the warframe was off the market for several years now. It's back. And that's the most effective point to use. Warframe. Isn't that a blood center? Yes. Happens is the organs of the animals. This collapsed. Oh, right. Excellent. And they put their literally put their guts up when they die. But you don't want them doing that up in the attic. No, no, they go outside for water. Why? They go outside search and put water on a pit there. That's how literally. And like there's all their spleen all around like all of it. Yeah. And they did a little bit of a horrible death. It's a horrible death. Good. That's what we want for the rice is a horrible death. And you don't want to put food in the damn attic. No, because it's like a lord. It's like a life. What happened to it? And here I was making the house and I kept the sprains down. And the blackware's a crackle's got in there. And I put the sprains back up and the crackles ate through the sprains. So I had to control that. I had about three nuts up there. I had to go get out. It was horrible life is a bitch. You know, especially after you moved out the door. You mentioned Boofotose the other day. That's a gun shot. That's a gun shot. That's a gun shot. That's a gun shot. I mean, if you live out on the end of country, you can do that. But when you live in a house, you can't even, there'd be gun. You can't be so serious. Yeah, you can't be. You can't be. But I'll tell you one thing. I damn your loss. I'm a little vlog about two or three times though with those Boofotose bad news. Well, good luck. Good luck to us. Thanks a lot. There's a guy who's got his a rat problem out of control. He's using war for a man. He's fighting warfare against the rats. So that's against the rats. And of course, there's all different kinds of rats. We got the right wing rants. We got the religious fanatic rats, certainly most of the same. And then we got the crawling oozing, sneaking rats. Oh, it's like we got him under control for the moment. We'll see you with crispy critters. And tell your friends at ATM to calm down a little bit. Okay? And I've been calling a house and giving John a song in advance. Well, we feel we're so hurt. I, we love ATM. How many free plugs have we given him like every week? About 30 minutes. Because we appreciate Stephen ATM people live the best. They're great. Okay? But he didn't know. I left the car. You misunderstood. And so we called the crispy critters people, you know? And they do. They put batter on them, which is really delicious. In fact, you see that SARS-Demic. I know the SARS-Case and Singapore. They're probably eating rats. What? They do. They do. They do. They do. They absolutely do over there in Asia. Different parts of Asia. They eat all these exotic, you know, they kick out. They put like, that's what we saw in the kid career. And then before, you know, I think I like some disease and they're spreading it around. I say we just shot off all of Southeast Asia. We don't let no more people in Western Hemisphere. Okay. I said that sound. Okay. Okay. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. 18 to Luna 560 WQN, the mad dog Jim Madd had to still whip up and pissed off about that dolphin game on Sunday. He'll be here at two, man. All right. I didn't hear him talking much about. I heard him. I only listen to a few minutes. He was going on about the hurricane game. All right. Okay. I thought he was saying. He stands for cow manure. Hover's over this performance by the golf. I guess he's just trying to forget about it. And of course, Moe So nauseated from me was how sick this morning. Would I have a duty crotch rod, man? Or just stuffed crawl all over his, uh, uh, pubics. For us, it was just crams. 18 to Luna 560, probably caught him from J. Feeleard. Hey guys, if he spent 2002 of what he mirrors because he got an ugly bald spot like the moment, and if you want to put a dead weasel or muskhead on your head, here's the answer for you. It's the Charles Alphayore Natural hairline system, the best in the universe. Using the latest technology, Charlie produces sensation results for guys you need a lot or just a little more here with the most amazing natural hairline. And when we call natural hairline what that means is it looks like real hair. Now, that's the difference. Like real hair that's going out of your scalp as opposed to an obvious stupid looking piece or like a dead animal fell out of the ceiling on your head. Things like that. Or like plugs in your head that have the blood running down your forehead. Some other business of your porn blood. Psycho. Does anybody understand what this man is talking about? You can business for over 25 years working with the famous in infamous, everybody gets Charlie's 30-day guarantee. You were the system for 30 days if you don't love the way it looks in feels. If you're not getting hit at least 10-20 times a day Charlie give you a full refund. Did we get the etcher on our website by the way on the streaming? No. Today you take advantage of your $200 knee-orangeers discount at the Alphiore Studios. And don't forget Charlie also services and repairs all types of hair systems while you wait for only 25 to 30 bucks to a maximum of love better by the way. Call today and get your hair back in the start of looking younger and better than you dreamed you could again guys. Call 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413, or log onto their prestigious website, CharlesAlphiore.com. Oh, I'm pretty sure you're going to fall crazy in love with it. It's bad, bad, every answer. Hey y'all, I'm Beyonce and if you're looking for a connection of bad and bad accessories that's jumping jumping, then bad, bad and the y'all say is your destiny, Chuck. America's newest pop people know, let's feel the benefit of women everywhere. Want to say no, no, no, do expect your home furnishing feels beer's beer. That's why she's open, bad, bad and Beyonce. This week we have had a toilet seat on sale. This is our comfortable and brutal leisure. Beyonce knows better bad accessories. And she knows you want to shop at bad bad and Beyonce. Remember, you can't say bad bad and Beyonce under you. She's a survivor. She's not going to give up until you say it. Loss a case. Fair, fair, best. And beyond fair. She right there is what's wrong with America's destiny's child. That's what's wrong with America. What kind of thing? Yeah. Eric has emailed me. I bet to this is about our internet here. It's not expected. It says your lines sponsor broadcast over the internet whenever something is played from the audio vault and goes to a recorded loop that periodically says something like, you are listening online to sports radio 560WQM where we turn to popular to a regular programming in a moment. All this is controlled by a WQAM. Well, how does that happen? Like, oh, I see. As soon as she's dropped the audio vault, it's like automatic. He's going to be automatic. Pilot. Yeah. He's going to be nice like Eric says I don't have anything to do with a live show stream. I only be recording our kind of live show stream. The streaming is fine. It's really down. The problem is probably with a list of connections. Regardless, thank you, Eric. Eric is the best. And here you were ripping them in as all those years. And he deserved it. But we got him out. Yeah, we got him off his dead ass. And he's in now that he's actually doing something. He's great. And you can't be convinced that that legal alien smuggled you smuggled in here like, uh, get the drugs for you. Yeah, make a list that we needed him for this internet thing. And he used to like, dittle around all morning long. Never get the damn stories on here until the day was like two thirds over anyway. Yep. Not to mention all the other problems we had, all the other minor problems. So there we go. So you see, Eric has redeemed himself and then some. Never too late. And I suppose to some people who had too many chances like Robert creeper and a beast. Let's make a package, dude. Let's win and doubts. Kick him and hell out. That's what that station needs a little bit of a house cleaning. And let me also ask you this, how many people deserve to be choir to produce a morning show. Bob, good man. And we first came to QAmen who were astonished at the, the entourage that they had for the worst team. Remember that? It was a, I mean, our show, it was you and me. That's it. There wasn't anybody else lifting a finger to do a goddamn thing for us. It was you and me against the world. And here's the morning show with our mediocre ratings. And they got like 75 people in there. The humber comes on and I got like 20 guys running around just to carry hands food around there. That's right. We're going to kind of carry out and carry out and carry as a cell phones. What is bookie calls. But for us, it's, you know, and then we finally get a third person in there. First we got to got to carry out on a, on a stretcher. And now you got to guys sitting there who can't get paid. And I just know I'm positive that because of my urging, that Clarence has got to have been in there by now. Would the paperwork for Scott to fill out am I right? No. No. Christ. What a bunch of derelicts man. Who are you people kid now? How are you going to keep stonewalling Clarence? Stonewall, by the way, was in New York. It's where the Fags went nuts. Stonewall. He probably knows about it. You don't want to know. You let you know. You think you think you know something? You are the most coolest person when it comes to sex. You're a, you have, you have no clue. Your clue is not about factory now. You need to get around the world and say, get out of the world. Okay. What I would do right now is pull a bank ice through something. Get you some money and travel the world and see what it's really all about. You're so clueless. It's sad. It's sad because you know, you're a horny little back through a ticket any at home. But, you know, it's sad. Okay. If only Annemoree would come back from LA. Here's what I'm saying. Well, if only Shannon would come back. Well, I don't think it missed pass up there that opportunity this time. It's not that you necessarily did last time, but we'll never know. Cause George is wife listens to the show. And they got enough problems already. Like that little kid that he didn't want. Here's the fact that says, am I contributing more to the problem? Huh? What? Oh. Just try to help you out. How come these phones are so weak now? We went through that little flurry like people pretending they had something to say. And as we got a couple of calls on here, I don't care. I'm so used to it, man. It's the same old, tired, so. South Florida, the cesspool of the universe. You can smell it. All crack open my window here. The, when the wind is blowing in a right direction upstream, I can smell it aroma. The cesspool that is South Florida. Here's the fact that says on the internet doing your show we hear your live spot. A quick Q and the arages bumper comes on and then silence until rejoin jingling the comedy bit. Oh, just silence? Well, that's not good. The sounds of silence? Apparently. During the rest of the day, if you're out of Q and message comes out of break the commercial break silence, sometimes the sports interview is played, which can get really pondering to us if it's from a previous sports season. Like if it's Laurie Zaka and Jim Kik talk at a Rick weaver, it's a little bit dated. You know what I'm saying? If it's like Bob Greesien's that a brand greasy, it might be a little bit dated. By the way, Brian, how's that thumb coming along? Thanks, sweetheart. Poor brand greasy. He's falling down. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, tax 60 on the AT and T. I can't wait for Thursday morning. I'm going to get up early. Don't let me forget. So I can hear the J. Feeleer show with Mohour David at 645-7Aam on Thursday here to what that's going to be like. It's going to be a suckfest man. Absolutely. Get out the old prep-aite for that one. Wow. Get out some extra supplies of posatories for that deal. As Moe just sucks J. Feeleer's ass Thursday morning. Well, Jay, we know of what's in your fault to team the defense play crappy, Bob. I've got everybody throws a dud coil at the end of the game anyway. Here's the uphol that we got going 300 votes. What's your take on this Thursday's two anniversary of 9, 11? Nothing will happen. 175. What me worry 88. I'm staying close to home all day 14. I won't travel that day 12. Bad Schmidt will have only 11 people. Our concern that bad Schmidt will have an, you don't think the American public is complacent do you? Or just because it's been almost two years now. Just the first, grow test episode. And just because we're spending billions and billions and billions of dollars in a God damn effort to try to put the pieces back together again. And we had no business being there in the first place. Man, it's unbelievable. It's criminal like I said, the impeachment proceeding should be underway now. Forget about a couple of blow jobs. We're talking about blowing people up is what we're talking about. In peace of it right now. Okay, get the real elected president in there. Let's, let's go back a couple of years. He is boring as he is. I'd rather have boring than this. You know what I'm saying? Absolutely. I think you do dangerous. Here's moral geables. Hello. Why you so miserable? Uh, to an hour. Words. Yeah. Here's Helen Dale, huh? Helen Dale. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. This is Steve. I'm the first time caller. I'm a ex-owner of our Hungary. Hungary, so I'm just a little bit. No, yeah. We can't talk about that, Steve. It's an, it's an audience, doesn't care. He actually has a big phone meeting. The next party party party party party party party here. Three issues were going on. and this place in that place and by dinner for a whole bunch of their whole family and the strangers in that I'll pick and choose I'm gonna take the nourishers I ain't gonna be them I still can't care over that after you have to you cause somebody to lose this enormous amount like a fortune Not a small fortune but a big fortune and then you expect them to slip you to dinners and pay for it That's not even a hoods butter. They haven't been a worthy to describe it and whatever whatever 10 levels beyond hoods But is that exactly what it is with the rumors you know Here's for a lot of deal, hello Yeah, it's just tone out of stuff you know what you can break your toe falling down to Who gives a crap? See that that's what these people are considered a Brian greasy is this tall What is his thumb as it is the left nut who gives a crap okay? Quit falling down Brian 567.0560 pound 560 on another upnoshes New York faster men Kick them off the streets at a Brooklyn probably 20 years ago Comes down here probably panhandly right now is probably eaten out of a dumpster Here's a call from Bokeh hello That's because the dumpsters are better than the rest rest in the south right now because that's what everybody from New York thinks Yeah, yeah, you know when they talk about $87 billion Years ago when we first started giving contracts to companies to build things for us in privatizing all this Wasn't the government supposed to be like a nonprofit organization At at the 87 billion dollars how much of that is a profit going to whatever pushes buddies are Well the government the government is not only a nonprofit organization is a gigantic losing organization with its gigantic deficit But the companies like back-telling a hell of a burden at a once-it-a-making billions and billions and billions and And their life and up there sleeve All right, well, what's that that's what's all about it's the same thing as the Star Wars crap You know, so they can head off these gigantic multi-billion dollar contracts to all their buddies in the defense And if that's what it's all about Randy Rose was getting people together the two thin packages of Bandages and and Suncare of you know Sun tan lotion stuff to the troops of there because they wouldn't provide anything to them Yeah, you know what kind of crap is that you know, they but that they get they kind of crutches all Randy roses Organizing bandages in the Sun lotion No, I mean she was not a great thing. Yeah, what's trying to buy firemen and stuff, but no she's having a rally today That's her doing that I know we had that on we had it on about a I wasn't listening to it. Okay, you should be I know I apologize. That's okay. Don't do it again. Thank you You'll let we'll put that info on again a couple of times I did I said that she was gonna be the right-day model is her thing and more power tour Good for her. Nice gone goddess whatever to hell your name is Right, right. I got it. You got it Well after after the year one the next hour and then again the one to two hour we get what is on your website We can put it on a website to make sure everybody season shows up there and let's bush know what they'll we think about him and his racketack and Ping all of the billions down the toilet while the third the rich get more and more tax-priced It's unconscionable. It's impeachable and a public is sitting back It was Brian Grease's toe. We was just told you asshole By now you've been here to about lemon. It's a rustling how lemonade would flooring from lemon It's the rest is the easy the low maintenance the smart alternative very expensive Natural wood flooring lemon. Seruss is the best place for you to find lemonade wood flooring from period or pergo Wilson art uniformer and quichette. They've got all the top names all installed by pergo certified and stars Here's another reason why I had to be calling lemon a surprise their prices are so low It'll probably florey you'll hit the floor right now And get there's a temper kick off special for just 1995 bucks. That's correct only 1995 gets you up to 380 square feet of beautiful lamino wood flooring. It is positively unreal Elaminates a rustle match any legitimate written offer to you can't be to move the stick for a free and home estimate Call lamina sir us toll free 1 877 777 733 36 what could be simpler? They give your free carpet disposal free furniture moving a 25 year warranty and years and years of beautiful Easy to take care of laminated wood flooring call lamina sir us today toll free and tell them across the old Neil Tordid to call 1 877 777 733 36 This mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q 8 L 11 30 in the morning you just take in a 15 minute nap You won that game of dodgeball you've cleaned all your racers recesses almost over and you've just done duty in your pants It's Miller time Hey, was this thumb not as tall you idiot? I mean, what was the other way around? Yeah, 1203 nobody cares. Okay 1203 at 560 WQA And this isn't even a new steering where I mentioned it before that was the blurb was on there and Explosion one off near an army base in central Israel into Russelam today killing at least three people and Injuring dozens police and rescue officials be saying Security sources said the attack was apparently carried out by a suicide bomber. Oh, it wasn't and I would the explosion occurred at a bus start near the usop Half-four hours hospital and they Sephiram to ill in a red whatever it is You know the Tel Aviv suburb of reshon lets you on see what we don't need any going. We don't need any Jews We don't need any it's just we just need people. Okay cut the crap That's the only hope for the human race. Okay is given to this foolishness this insanity You know the guy was talking about the rats puke and they're guts out for meeting at the war for you know. Yeah You think that they're going to like rat heaven when they get done They puked their guts out all over the place lots of cheese and we want to talk and about here Aminic there's just too much riding here on a future to hold God damn planet. Okay, and of course We know there's no such thing as global warming This is why 12,000 people just croaked in France in 14 every in Holland because of the fact that there's 125 degrees in the shade when it's supposed to be about 75 You know those things There's a great piece by the way if you go to our bedtime stories today There's a great editor on the New York Times today about George W. Bush. That's something that everybody ought to be we required reading Not to be forced to read it And a public just sits back Like this keep a mock-up. I keep them stupid keep a mock-up. I keep them busy keep them scrambling Since Dick Nixon walked away, where you've seen the pictures when you got on that chopper Yet you got on the top step yet. He's like given that saloon, you know, and I was at farewell a lot of you sit up your ass Since that day We haven't had anybody in that oval or that or oral officer as anxious as this one And not just him because he's just a bubble head. He's just a front man like they usually are But this group of right wing lunatic extremists that surround him dangerous dangerous and out of control I think rum spell is like on a vertical and over the edge Yeah, his performance in Iraq over the weekend was enough to scare to crap out of everybody including the troops over there Said hey don't bring him near us. We don't want to hear him speak. We want to help. We want to go to hell home or try to be in lied to not only is the American public being lied to But the kids over there being lied to also in terms of how long they're supposed to be there All right, it's gonna be a piece of cake. We'll go in your dual little cleanup We'll turn it all over to the Iraqis. We'll let them run their own country. We'll have elections and all these all is crap. Who are you? Can't don't forget It's worth it. It's all worth it. Yeah, it's all worth it because we're fighting that war on terror against the evil doers The most irresponsible ministry and like the article at Robert the one that we put on a website by James Moore I mean Nixon you know, so we lied about water gaiting the dirty crystal with like, yeah, because he was so paranoid and secure and hated the media I mean he could have been beaten a government with his hands tied behind his back But nevertheless, so that's basically what that was all about which isn't the only horrendous thing he did But nevertheless compared to this guy. He was a prince small potatoes. He was small potatoes The transgressions he committed not to mention of course the white wingers tried to drum Clinton out of there because he interrupted He'd even are perraid he interrupted their agenda for eight years See Bush one would all the the coast of the same characters generally speaking with the wolf which pearl Taney connection and Rumsfeld all these other goyum and Jews They had their hands on the the keys to the kingdom and now all of a sudden Clinton came along and oh Turn it away from for eight years that that's why from the minute he got in there You notice every appointment he did every nomination a shutdown And then of course we had the monica business Which we wasted sixty seventy million dollars in taxpayer money and of course Kenny Kenny star With his bullcraft there where we're writing a pornographic crap to the public on the internet about blow jobs and And the public says well a segment anyway sin. Oh, yeah, you're right This is immoral we can't have this and so now we have this kind of a gentler conservative compassion fascism We have a bunch of Nazis running your country is what we got We got our freaking movie actor. Not even a good one runner for governor of the biggest state in the country And he just might win a guy damn thing Arnold Schwarzenegger a Sick twisted right wing piece of turt who's he literally been in the country for how many years? Speak language All right, like ways as kind of for you. I do like that. I get I get I get all excited when he says got a form Don't you get emotional when he says that Anyway, but he released the second anniversary of nine eleven next Thursday Since nobody seems to be too concerned about nine eleven next Thursday is another arbitron trend and arbitrant just some ratings for junge Alien August which there will be two months two full months of for well and there but I think Right, see that's right there will be like two and a half months right too much of the reschedule us being back on him a day in for LB and on eight to ten and You know all of these things Although August is it just a horrible month you can see it on our website. There's nobody there And generally speaking for whatever reason our crowd is the one they're the people at leave town You only part of our crowd that stays in town of the miss fits the ones that we hear from her But the them all yeah, either the whisperer in a background. That's just a quarter and oh, they're not going anywhere They've got two nickels to rub together They can't even do like a grasshopper the game rub their legs together. I wish I had two nickels. Yeah, that's right I can't believe the clearance has been in there yet. You know something. I'm gonna go on strike. I'm serious. I'm taking off a few days Unless Clarence Darrell aka Josh whatever hell his name is from bum fork unless he comes in here Adam soon and Give this great now see here's what a scan that the beast leaves pull The previous guy we had the beater boy there he was on the payroll He was getting paid gunnel he knows where that money was going but we got a pretty good idea, but he was getting paid So it's not like we're adding somebody new on there like I said the other shows Zillions and Zillions of people that produce a show how many people and not only that like at the first team Back when it was Joe and Defoe and Gildy you have three guys doing a show and about 15 people producing it My god So we got two people and we got like one board up there one flunky. I mean one the guy flunky Take a pain button monkey. So other is what they're trying to do is like save the diff you the minimal Scrapings there I mean it's too embarrassing even talk about the amount of my talk about by not putting Scott on a payroll and not paying him Clarence you can suck my fat old pimple ass. Okay get your act together and get with it Why is it that this show always get short change though? They can't spread enough money on a morning show is they got a guy in there from five a.a. to clock in a morning couldn't get a number if His life depended on if you suck a guy then oozy up his pimple old ass. I could get one their answer is They're into his one why you know why we get short changed quote. Why is that all because we know we pay Neil all this money We've built in studios everywhere. This is what we do for the Neil riders show I see and the fact that I'm making the millions and millions of dollars in Propensive that they can do their fun and games on all the sports crack and make great Right that's right don't respond with anything it makes too much sense because the beastly's can't respond to that Because you know damn well, I'm not still on here on this radio station because of the fact that they like my looks Or they like the way I talk about them or they like me in any way shape or form they even like the way that I smell even by long business They don't want any part of that They want those big numbers they want the big revenue not just that comes in on this show But that comes in on the show surrounding it as a result of the just by association You know I'm talking about sure the Sponsors that don't want to be on the show because it's offensive and disgusting But they sure want to be on the station because we got every guy there mammal in town. Listen to you QAM and so as a result They're like you know auxiliary to this show And all we ask is just take care of our people that's all and they can't do it and muff is in it Oh gee, I don't know I'll talk to clear it's I don't know muff is in a new changing his bra and panties God nice nice outfit by the way. Smoring George was a scrub and vuff's outfit in detail Yeah, but poke it out bra and silk panties, but why green? Well, maybe he's getting ready for Saint panties. It's a way off. I never start too soon Or maybe he's just green with envy now that Clarence is the PD and he has no authority over him You do know that don't you yeah, you know that he's not too happy about it I know that to he was crying and wailing and just carrying on a few months ago I just I thought he was gonna have an ever-spray that I How they made this little punk kid who can't get laid in a horror house They made him to PD and how they they give him a title operations manager. He's he's like a man without a kingdom You're all saying yeah, no, he's like Robert Duval and I work Remember that scene? After Howard B. when I'm screaming about to deal with CCA the Saudis and then ironic that there was the Saudis no less Oh man, panty Chiosky for president even though he's dead Wow, I think Michael Moore is a reincarnation of panty Chiosky What a brilliant guy so far ahead of his time Given their in fact panty Chiosky was even under shpilky's nirabi for she was born 12 minutes passed no and if I didn't anybody understand what I'm talking about Oh, no, that's your idea. I like that. No, seriously, it's better to you know these calls. Oh See I had the right idea last year. I just had the wrong way of going about it, you know After right idea because phone calls on and they suck Especially when half of the town isn't there. What do we have to draw from you know I mean this show should have been syndicated a long time ago But you got Norma can't who's worried about being a baseball maven who's worried about oh Greg will pay me don't call me anymore, do norm fight your own battles done. You're okay Everything with me is just fine my texture up on time. It's all I care about. I'm having a life a rally I love it You can't get paid by Greg read so is that okay? Suis freaking ass put it in the goddamn newspapers by an add on a front page of the Harold say QM or bunch of cheap pastes And I can't get Greg read a payment again for the evening of time. He could talk about it on the air That's ready can talk about it all and he says to me in his conversation a few days ago When he called and bugged the crap out of me for no good reason at all He says oh, I can't believe I didn't even show in the last trend Now we can't believe it either because everybody downtown and for Latterdale in the in the courthouse there Listen to normie how many people are in the courthouse? I'm turning man that's his audience all his fellow shills there his a Florida bar Goop ball associates partners in crime 1214 at 560 WCM you need to send your house fast fast cash home buyers buys houses fast hassle free Fast cash home buyers buys houses in any conditional location for any reason You need to send your house fast is your house maybe need a new roof floor and rather repairs Well, don't go throwing bad money after good. How's that good? Good money after bad some uncaustly repairs Well, Rod today. Don't be throw money away call Rod today at 1 866-75 fast for no obligation hassle free offer At fast cash home buyers they help you solve your house problems Maybe you got you a vacant house. Maybe you're tired of dealing with a problem tend to are you going through a nasty rotten bitter divorce? Call fast cash home buyers are you one two or three payments behind or perhaps you inherited a property You just want to dump it don't want fast Oh cash home buyers can help you out so call Rod today full free 1 866-75 fast and let fast cash home buyers give you peace of mind fast cash home buyers will buy your house today and keep it in mind again You won't have to pay up penny in real estate commissions so call Rod and check this out. It's 1 866-75 fast 75 FAS-T for a hassle free offer and let fast cash home buyers solve those house problems Thornton Lydia and they don't come any worse than new Rogers Now he's a little song about being kicked out the school forget it trouble You go near some ideas now I'm not trying to be rude but hey pretty girl That school but doing things shit and do in class like I can't write the fool I'm always running down the hall smoking in the bathroom and stall I got caught by my teacher for trying to give a girl a feel there keeping me up the school Yeah keeping me up the school so many stip balls I go the teachers can't take no more I'm on my way to detention next time they'll be suspecting they call my mom and dad or Workman you talk about tension next time I will be done in the board you can join I'm a freaking T.E.I was only having some time So I was by greasy doing 2018 at 560 WQMT 62 votes what's your take on this Thursday's 2 year anniversary of 911 Nothing will happen to 13V say that very confidently What me worry hundred eight they just showed a post again there I saw a bird with him walking in there for that speech something Uh-huh. I mean anybody who can't see that blank vacuum. I mean there's nothing there. There's nothing there. It's obvious I mean how can you be in denial of that even if you tried to like him there there's nothing there I'm staying close to them all day Thursday 16 said that and I won't travel at day 13 badspot will happen all day 12 So confidence is not nothing gonna happen and you'll notice they haven't raised them from yellow to orange Any of these things if you notice that maybe they're waiting to wait and for what the morning of The waiting for something bad happened or the morning of is like more dramatic, you know, okay, everybody on edge Which is what they're trying to do keep everybody terrified Because it's a lot easier to control people that way and post things through like Patriot X parts one through 100 and take away everybody's rights California crowd hostile the Schwarzenegger's wife you ready for this? I can't wait A crowded the wall in California's capital of Sacramento, but what a great place. I love Sacramento. It's a beautiful city Have we been there nope my not Uh, Stelle Pollywood that area Yeah, sorry. You want to see those for daddy plastic places like LA? There's no there there's only Koreans and if you get the means in Chinese people in LA now Oh my goodness, here's another cute car too Here's a priest walking a young man a student obviously down there. Maybe a who knows what a student Arm around and he says you must never play with your private parts to me. That's my job There you go Do you suckers out there go back to those confessional's man and sit there and tell all about your private and about how you yank this and you whack that and you were thinking about this and you have it all these So we're all this stuff And believe me there's no construction going on next to you in the booth next to you in that confessional. Maybe an arrestion Right, let's are hammering You lots of that they're getting hammered in there, drilling right Nailing A crowded amoled a California capital if we did Arnold Schwarzenegger's wife Maria Schreiber with the hostility yesterday Is she made her first solo appearance in the unpredictable gubernatorial campaign The Austrian-born Republican actors generated very positive reaction in public since he announced that he would run to replace Governor grade Davis in a October 7th God, this is in a Washington Post. What a stupid. I'm a what is that? With many time ring for an autograph on a handshake. What does that article mean? yet a bonus of the recall including union members gathered outside a Sacramento Walmart to shout Kerry placards and otherwise expressed the proposition to the recall and Trevor appear today voter registration booth at a Walmart. She's showing up ready for that high class She's over here promoting her company that's refusing to pay health care for its workers said bill camp Executive Secretary of these Sacramento Central Labor Continental Labor Council. She should be ashamed her grandfather would be appalled Appalled Day and straight Walmart the world's largest retail chains been the subject of numerous lawsuits in California We're good in a trail candidate who's boosted money recently attacked the company's labor practices were for cruise baby There's nothing like a good cruise. Tell you oh Said you sold on the devil. I love Syria Walmart the world's though. I just got through in that uh, Shriver granted of Joe Kennedy and he's a president JFK as a member of the country's best known democratic family But his back to Republican husband's entry into politics in California I think that more people are involved in political process the better even if it's picketing she told a crush of reporters and onlookers before cutting her visit short I think that's what this great country is all about a yacht yachty. How do you like that? Good in the face of renewed focus on old sports and their interviews about his fast life as a body builder in the 70s Shriver could up widen support for her husband and brief remarks. She's completely defubility of maintaining a normal family life for their four children such a campaign Food ally kid man and a right wing guy finance this whole recall thing This is just a scam. It's another power grab by the right wingers in this country who are attempting to do another bloodless cool in California Just like they did when they stole the election Florida One by one Sit back and watch with amusement and a measurement and discuss and content as they continue stealing up elections Turning over the ability of the electorate and just we would just you'll have a dictatorship or shipping and 50 years from now people look back and say how did this happen? You know How did this happen? They won't say that within the boundaries of the US because they won't be allowed to be the papia daco put a man jail if they say that they have days Yeah, we have days And don't forget Keep that in mind too Oh, appropriate that Hitler's propaganda filmmaker how she died at 101 today. Oh appropriate on the day that President Bush has come to South Florida What's the yeah? Well you got that sheet because I think I should make you in mind Just I do what's the info? Well call Robert that five six one two two nine one forty is the short answer Five of our I know answer I want to tell the date the time it's five this afternoon at the 266 where black shirt bring white cross or sign On 95 baby boulevard east to us one south on US I think about directions if they can't find pier 60 six they have no business circle in or anyway Parking is on the west side at Quayside shopping center and publics or harborside at south side of the have hi-it East side bridge You are a mumbler, you know any a mumbler Scott? Well I'm picking through this thing no You know something I think parents is probably the best PD ever were for in his business I think that Scott's got some nerve expecting to get paid for sitting in her as and just after Scott for well You know this sneak them in there Try to sneak him in the back door so to speak. I think it would be like at least in a month prior for a probation period before even Especially it paid don't you George 12 but no two years You see if you want to play those games Scott it's been a costume along well But then again, I'm sure that for all's taking good care. Yeah, it's probably right rent that bigger part 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line parents gotta be ashamed of yourself. Okay? I guess Scott's not putting out for is that the deals that what it's all about I must be it maybe if you just let's you like I said before let's you have a sneak in this private Maybe you'll put about a payroll what do you say? Uh-huh, okay? That's what it'll take just wave it at him. Okay? So it takes to get him excited 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Here's crawl cables hello Yeah, yeah Is our are there any movies now we can go to the gate and match the bed together with you? Yeah, okay, it sounds good to me Huh, huh, huh five six seven all five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I'll see you there in eight Here's Daniel. Hello Yes, sir. Where are you getting some of these colors that oh my god. I got a follow-up That's that's it that's South Florida man. It's a cesspool. That's what you got much idiots Right, right and it's last guy who wants a circle jerk He's probably doing it right now. I know question about it if he had the equipment Hey, this is what the finest programs have heard you do in a long time really vintage Neil Rogers Oh, I got children for down my arm you're ripping every day from what you're ripping everyone I love good. I'm in a mood for it. I'm in a great mood. I'm happy life is sweet Hey, have you been watching the campaign financial reform Would a super-in-corety super-yes? Yeah, Diana Ross said it's a bad idea. Don't do it Did you see how it split down the middle now? Who do you think against the campaign reform? There couldn't be a rank wish tonight crowd. Oh, yeah It was right wing Nazis that we have in there the same ones who said stop counting the vote. It's getting too close So wishware. Oh, now get through the law. You're well Get through the law. You're for one of the groups to once to overturn the law. Ken star. Oh my god You you read too. I don't believe it. Yeah What a coin. Do you think it's just a coincidence? Well, they don't want to like all of these child molestations stories They're just coincidences. They don't want the democratic process. Why do we every crank call that we get on the show From the Catholic Church go ahead. I'm sorry. They don't want the democratic process They want to take over the whole process. Yeah But if you like what's happening in California, don't you understand? Oh, of course. That I mean the guy I'm wouldn't buy hooker buy crock will just uh will have another vote with selection and then we'll stick somebody in there who's like a popular movie star Just like Ronald Reagan part two only disguise a literate Well, one of the people brought up how does he know? I'm Polish on this here. I could you be elected in November And they want to throw you out in March? Yeah, I mean if they hated him that bad why would they elect him for four months? They tried Let me say and he was the one responsible for enron all these other things not, but yeah, I don't confuse the public with a fact Yeah, what we're saying? APC news poll was just on the bottom of CNN screen Right, you feel safer with the Iraq war or does this make a safer with terrorism 48% said Terrorists will strike us more now 40% said we're safer So what do you do? You know all those people dead for no reason all that money spent Listen, I'll see you on Friday after you come up from under the bed. Okay. I'm going to there. Okay. He's under it 28 past noon If 560 WQ I'm announcing a big a new one It's big Every town Have five six oh WQ A Bull Winkle J moves he conquered television he conquered movies Well, sort of and now he's conquering the world of heavy metal. It's bull Winkle sings as he Yes, America's favorite moves pays pretty to America's favorite reality TV dad Asia's worn in bull Winkle sings as he featuring such a man who are banging classic says war moose Which is that like that But today's bone might be kitchen and Class of cartoon character meets a classic rocker who's become a living cartoon you get boy Cool sings as he with songs it includes you to hear like Time to change and hide this thing If I come but I hate the day Bucky eyes coming home and you want to come home with this CD it's all wrinkle sings as he I come with a Bail's on a baby Best of all you don't need a permit to hunt down this collection make a moose call the Local record store and pick up a copy today 34 or 56 you WQM happy Tuesday too. We got the mad dog coming out to Hank in a studio is for in in Marlins in a mess big big game tonight 710 after the pregame show Here's a call from now how come I noticed this Scott's up I got up line nine anymore. Thank you. That guy WQA I'm not great line. I see there's nobody even on there. He's getting all panicky I bet you couldn't possibly be that guy, but it sure could You're want to give him his 85 seconds of fame. You're want given two 300 calls a day his do Well, he's just not gonna get paid if you don't answer line nine solos to this this gentleman was already blocked on another number This gentleman I was trying to be court see the word the word at this asshole don't try to be funny because your but his funny is Cancer of the knee cap you're not funny. This asshole is the expression He's doing what now. You called block that he's just used another line now is what you're trying to say Well, that's a pretty interesting He's back though on another line. He's got a whole bank of lines WQA. I'm crankline What's wrong with you man? We're ain't we're aching the getting update. I know everybody comes in and says to George. Oh, how is the bea boy doing house cross? And we say we don't know and we don't care And I think that's his honest is we can be about that situation. Sure, not certainly we don't know Don't care we don't want to know we don't want to hear that name no mole The flyers to be rated for risk level. You would tell me about this before to show today Here's the story from the Washington Post In the most aggressive and some say invasive step yet to protect air travelers the federal government and the airlines will face in a computer system next year To measure the risk posed by every passenger on every flight in the US away A except it on CNN they said flyers will be sorted according to color Right that's with a little right the little caption and if the darker you are the deeper in the back of the plane you've ever said And if you're real real dark your way back in cargo separate plane The new transportation security administration system seeks to probe deeper into each passenger's spectrum identity Then is currently possible comparing personal information against criminal records and intelligence information Passengers will be assigned a color code green yellow or red. Oh, but I tell you one thing if you're colorblind in American out your and deep crap Based in part on their city of the paracher destination traveling companions in date of ticket purchase Based on their city of the paracher destination Traveling companions and date of ticket purchase notice it says based in part. They're not telling you the other part Most people be coded green and sail through but up to 8% of past news aboard nations 26,000 daily fights will be coded yellow I guess if they're Chinese and will undergo additional screening at the checkpoint according to people familiar with the program And estimated one or two percent will be labeled red Those who are flying to Cuba from Canada And will be prohibited from boarding. I'm going prohibited from boarding. Yeah, these passengers will also face police questioning and maybe are rested If we don't like the way they look The system will provide protections for the flying public said TSA spokesman Brian turmoil or is that turmoil? That all should we keep passengers from sitting next to a terrorist? We should keep them from sitting next to wanted Accumator is to we said Well, let me ask you a question The new system called computer assistant passenger prespeading system to caps two Which I think is kind like that pee We're talking about on Monday Has parts so much controversy among both liberal and conservative groups that the TSA is struggling in it going Delta airlines backed out of a testing program at the agency earlier this year and now the TSA will never feel which airlines will participate When it test a prototype early next year If all goes as planned the TSA will begin the new computer screening of some pastures as early as that somewhere Eventually be used for all domestic travelers This system is going to be replete with errors that very stun hard director Vacere news technology liberty program You can be falsely arrested you could be delayed you could lose your ability to travel Got yati ony in a part-age in a territory so it just goes on and on and on like I said you better not be colorblind Otherwise crawl out of the bed and they'll come up because between the color coding of the passengers and a color coding on the alerts and then we got the The is it what is it the orange alert for the missing children of amber amber alert? I'm sorry and we got so many goddamn colors in the course who knows what's going on? Especially in South Florida where red means go at a traffic light Right, don't make any off color condensated exactly otherwise you're gonna be in deep-do-do Here's Miami. When is this? Music La Musica That wea Here's top of the hello hello new yes, sir Worst of me That's a Hongtio horned you listen to me. Oh, just nobody talking yeah, nobody talking not even that duck that you're a Hongtio Sance over the phone you voice What an idiot what are dumb Hongki here's Miramar hello That was Dennis Here's Fort Lauderdale hello oh Neil God. Yes, sir. Thank you for taking me along with the like 10 to get one real call I think we have one here. Thank you for taking my call. Well, thank you for making your call First of all, I'm gonna be there with my book on today. What do you want? Wearing all black 17th Street and So we got our little things going on for that. I'm jumping in on that. I'm glad you brought up about the TSA Yeah, I personally was one person that has that was in the test program that Delta decided to Schmidt cam well based on a way you sound I would say that you read definitely read Well, I think I was because The person that worked for Delta actually told me that I was on the list and He did a little maneuver to make it a little easier for me and they they searched for five times before I got on the plane And finally they did let me on the plane Okay, well thanks for the good news never been tanned there tonight was that a simulating or what what? I don't know that I would let him on a plane not after that call I think they just changed your color status okay pal purple 12 1241 at 568 sounded like one of them purple people leaders to me. Of course you know about them Delta I'm not just Delta all the airlines right flight attendance No, I'm talking about the male flight attendance. No, what the ones who fly without the plane oh 19 till one at 560 WQM if you want to lose some weight balance for life could be the answer you've been searching for for many many years Because I know what it's like to be fat trust me what I've said. I know my fat In fact, it's really near and dear To my heart it's surrounding my heart if you're trying to be in fat unhealthy Leathergic if you diabetic around a verge of it if you want to get back in a good shape You want to put some real size clothing back on and you just haven't been able to stick with any of those other diets Balance for life is a great way to do it because they take all the guess workout of it for you There's no cooking no shopping no cleaning no calorie counting no carb counting They combine the knowledge of the zone diet with special emphasis in the glycemic values of carbs and they put together Fantastic food for you and they deliver it here in a little black sack every day right at your door By six in a a m you get up in a morning you reach out and you're working your home. Where would it have you are? By six in a m and there's three gourmet meals two delicious snacks in your black sack The only thing you have to choose from is two option is reach meal every day that's run a program You fill out a little menu once a week facts it over and that's it and they do all the cooking and they're preparing for you Everything is fresh delicious ingredients no preservatives no chemicals no crap just delicious great stuff and plenty of food To keep you full all day long and stay on a program you'll start seeing results within a matter of days So I'll be a loser like the beast or some of these other disgusting slots get yourself in a really good shape And start wearing real good clothing instead of those puppets let balance for life do it for you call nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five Six eight thirty two twenty nine or check them out the wicked worldwide web at balance for life dot com my And low Don't guarantee car but drive up belongs You a dad me Well So i acted out my puncture raid with my arms the trees are made No mum speaks English in amor Prong I went down to making amerwich where the weather is. No I walked into a liquor store with a guy there talks real fun out. I asked him for a pint of fortune beaming just not the end of what does that mean? The butter's using whisk, I can't have him all. That corner deline. Hell I think I've been Pakistan speaking with smelly. All you can go back to the lower end. I can't hear how many years ago I learned my ABC. I don't say much as gross as I say pretty pretty. So get yourself to a classroom quick you're in America now stop making me sick. You know, butter's be-gangless, come on and more! Oh, probably 7560 WKOM. We got the short show tomorrow. Really? Yeah. Pressed about that aren't you? Really short. Got that big Marlins Metz game tomorrow. Of course, every game now is really, really big. And the big game shows at 1235 Marta game is at 110 from Shays Stadium. So we got an early exit tomorrow at 1235 which we're really broken up about. Oh! And then Thursday of course is 911. So we do a show. I'll be like, hi down to the counter here. Right, how about a photo that is? And George will phone it in from a prestigious Hollywood where he'll be safe. 560560 pound 560 we had one woman called it in. Oh no. It's amazing. It's mind-voggling. The number of people who are listening to this program and yet the clawing, the gnashing, the pulling, the yanking, the drilling, the... It's just 30 years of this crap, man. And look what we got now. We got two calls on the board. Here's, uh, here's Davy. Hello. Hi Neil. How are you doing? Okay, sir. Good. Yeah, and not in this crap pass break but the one before it just turned out to be a promo for the new Woodby Goldberg show. I would don't pay any attention. Here's a promo. No. Oh, man. I just brutal. I mean, you know, it's like every, you know, You know, you're just brutal. What? I don't know what you're talking about. Very old type of just, you know, they're just pulling everything out just the most base humor. They can possibly go for it. Anything you'd expect from Woodby Goldberg. Nothing. I even tried to shoot fire. Why have I ever a suggestion for it? Don't watch it. I don't watch Woodby Goldberg. She makes me just looking at her makes me sick of my stomach. I can't even stand looking at the bitch. But why would somebody call me to belly ache about Woodby Goldberg? What's the point? Don't watch it. No. Would you watch it? No. Not a Chinaman's chance in purgatory out there to that right now. Don't watch it. Pal, you'll live a lot of love. You'll be much happier guy. Okay. Hey, before I forget. Wigning and belly ache. She's this. She's that funny. Just don't watch it. Yes? People that hate this show don't listen before she's seen her. You're in a 50-50. I'm lying. WKWM.com. When we charge and regular program, I want to share it. They hear that in the silence. I guess that. Oh, no wonder people don't want to listen to me. And all that scratching and puking in there and trying to be clever? That sounds like crap. Probably something Bob were both put together over there in the Naples. God, Almighty, what a mugwump concept that is. I can just, you know, like have a little music and say, well, return to the Rogers show momentarily. And I'm like repeated a couple of times. Like when you're on a hold, you know? Right? When you have that bitch with all little, you notice anywhere you go in the world that's in Bitch's voices on there when you're on a... She's on a... Who is that bitch? I don't know. We can have some great hold music. Do you think she's like a real person? I don't know. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, that bitch. But remember you're calling. And it's a sad, every single one of those recordings. No matter what the message is, it's her. Maybe she has a contract. Guess who is here at Sears the other day. Introducing her new product line, Martha Stewart. And how come there weren't Zillions of people out? That's because the people are too polite, you know? Protesting screaming, you know? I'm hearing that would be... My 670560, palm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. If we don't get a lady on this phone before 2 o'clock today, this is it. I'm throwing it in a towel. That doesn't mean I'm not going to do the show tomorrow. I'm just going to throw it to towel. Into what? The bathtub. Here's Pepper Pine, hello. Hey, how are you doing? Pretty good. Yeah, it's not going to have a problem with, though. I don't know, you have a lot of faith and about the gate school, opening up. The opening up. I don't know. Okay, my point is. Anyway, I don't know. Let's go in one second. I'll look for it. I love it. Can I ask your question, are you being a hostage now? Just far, we allowed it for being held hostage. No, we'll be able to smell it. Give us your location. Where are you? I'm in Pemor Pine. No, I'm not going to be more specific than that. You've been held captive like at the Walgreens. No, man. Listen, give us a couple of seconds. Okay. Okay. How are the publics? How seven all is old-enters in Pembroke lakes. Are you being held there? Listen, I'm listening to how it's starting this morning. No, that's why you're talking this way, now, you know. No, no. But anyway, if they don't do the school, but they have it to all day school. Right. And what's not a bullet, and everybody knows that story. So everybody, down on the problem with the way you get into his stericolabuddy, you sound like you're ready for a stroke. Okay. The problem I have is, if you go to the intern, okay, when over to the school and the people that were there, they were protesting, and then people they bought their kids. They believe they're completely... So the intern was in the union, and they're speaking of evil people, they're called baggage evil. So this unbelievable, the eight and came real, it just goes to show you how a parent, just so ignorant that he brainwashed or kids. Well, let me ask you something, what do you think kids learn hate from? Where do you think they learn it from? They learn it at home. Exactly. And then it upset me, I always like kids like that. I have gay friends, we learn not. Me too. I was brought up in Miami, and I'm a people person. You know what I mean? You know, it's just, it's just, it's, it's just, it's just, it's, it's just, it's, it's just, it's, this tells me that people still go by the book. It's, 30,000 years old. We need to get a new book, because it says that's what's going on in society today. I'm going to write it. I'm going to let you know what it comes all of you in the name of it. The origers DNA, I'm writing a new book. The good book says, the book says, now which book you talking about? Well, whatever book happens to be convenient at the time to make whatever point I want to make. To justify my archaic, grow test. The end of the whole hateful attitude. That's the book. Oh, that was. That's the one. The Korean, the Old Testament, the New Testament, the Great Testament, the Book of Mormon. Sure? Whatever it is. Pick a book. Pick a line. Pick a phrase. Pick your nose. It's all the same book. Like I told you before. Religion must be eradicated before it's too late, before we blow up the goddamn world. And this president's got us well in a way to do it, by the way. Well, all these evil doers. There's a lot of evil doers. You only problem is he and his cohorts ought to be looking in the mirror every time they say evil doers. I think we may be there drinking a little bit too much evil doers myself. How's Brian greasy to all that away? I'll call that again, Brian. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon. Wireless line. We got a lady on there yet, Scott. Older like a lady in Kendall. Hello. Lady in Kendall. Hello. Yes, man. Can you hear me, okay? I'm on Verizon. I just want to let you know. I'm a lady if you use that term loosely. I love your show. I love you. I'm not within your demographic som about a year younger than you are, but I love listening to you. Well, everybody's younger than me now. If I stay down here long enough, I'd like to be older than all of my audience, which is good. Speaking of things that happen anyway. Doons buried. You ever followed the coming. Not every cartoons. I'm just doing actual for that. But did you hear about recently the one that they would not allow to be shown? How to be shown in many of the newspapers? No. It was about men who masturbate regularly. Have a lesser chance of getting... Prostate, can't you? We had that sign on a few weeks ago, right? Right. But this was in the cartoon. Yeah. And a lot of the newspapers around the country would not run the cartoon. Well, I'll be damned. Goes to show you. We're still in an estone age, huh? So, is that true then? Well, I see that type. You know, you're a wolf man with lawn chaney? Yeah. That's what happened to him. He was masturbating too much. He started growing all that hair on his palm. Right. I know that much. We're living in the same old age. And I got to go. Good luck to you. All right. Thank you. Thank you. There's a lady, okay? Okay. Doonsbury says that if you were yanked a little bit too much. No, see? And we had that, sir. I'm sorry. And it said if you masturbate a lot between like 20 and 30 years of 20 and 35, between those ages, that like, keeps your ducts clean. So you don't have to go on by a whole bunch of duct tape. Keep your tuff. That would have been, how can we need another choice on a pool today? I'm so sorry. The other choice, Eric, I apologize to this late point. I'm buying duct tape and this queen today. What? Nothing. Just so we can find out. I'm loving this coming up to second anniversary this Thursday. I think we're going to be going out to home depot. What's the other, uh, what's that other one? Do we have it in South Florida? Builder Square. No, not build a square. Is another big loa's is that it? There are, we have loa's in South Florida. That's another big home builder type chain like home. But whatever, we have a look at the worth of the South. They're going to be running to home depot by in viscween and duct tape. So that's the other choice on air. I'm buying duct tape and viscween right now. Or something like that. Whatever, however, Eric wants to put it all at him uses his own live it in pivot imagination. 1256 at 560 WQM. Most squeeze of color to out of this crowd today. I mean, a real one. You'll see. When it doubts squeeze it out. VIP Sportsbook.com is the place you want to be doing business with during the upcoming football season. Audio long for all your put plunging and peace because this time it ear when football season gets underway for serious. This is the time when a sportsbook's all come flying out of the closet. They're all, looking for your money. Most of these, uh, outfits 99% of these bookies are located in the jungles, of course, to rica with a bugman. This year, move up and class to VIP Sportsbook.com. The oldest and largest sportsbook in the Netherlands. And if they're in the Netherlands, man, they can't be all bad. I'll still leave. 100% legal in license, too. So listen to me and call VIP Sportsbook.com. Don't settle for second best. Colour right now, toll free at 1, 866 VIP bet because their software is best. Sign up right now. You can bet all the software to football and basketball teams. Juice free all year long. You want to bet on the dolphins? It's 100-100. I'd be betting against them myself. You want to bet their hurricanes. It's 100-100. So forget about the vigorous. Also, I'm going to get a 20% cash bonus, not some funny money match play bonus either. So check them out online at VIP Sportsbook.com or call them toll free at 1, 866 VIP bet. And be sure you heard tell me heard about it. I'm WQAman. Be sure to mention the Gary Sarner is a major asshole. VIP Sportsbook.com where you be the VIP. Attack the local fix. This is 560. There you go, yours. That's all you're doing. Damn it! You ain't... Inceania cruising I'm dead now. But that arena though I'm not even a lie. I will need to go to the morning with a door. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm tired of the same boring old community-nunin wafers at Holiday Mass. Open why you and prepare to receive Vice-Save. On G's, Father-Omeling wafers again. Now Billy, this isn't just any wafer. It's not. No, the Divine America of Transubstantiation, I turn this ordinary wafer into the Divine Blessed Body of Christ. Why does the body of Christ have to taste so yucky? Spice up your next communion with new Christ's erroney. Christ's erroney is a special blend of rice, spices, and seasonings, plus a bit of the body of Christ in every fluffy forkful. And Christ's erroney cooks up perfect every time. That's the show. Mmm, guys, some more Christ's father! That's Christ erroney Billy! Amen to that! Christ erroney, the Transubstantiation Tree. It's about a past one at five, 60 WKM, our big one at two hour on a Tuesday. We got a see that opening that one at two hour opening. I love it, but what does it have to do with the one at two hours? I'm shooting at rules and I am dead now. But I read on the one night was a lie. I went into the building with a twelfth row, all along along along along the two. I actually heard him say one to two hours. We did? Yeah? Slow down. I'm absolutely at rules and I am dead now, but I read on the one night was a lie. I went into the building and blamed the two hours. He just says one to two hours. Almost like that. And I am fra relief and I must rush,amin and I liked grabbing my smelly gorilla ass with soapnate from twels. And listening to the mirror okay. I'm going to be stro assist hour. 1.560 WCM no.5, you couldn't no.5, you're smaller than it's the one to two hours. Southern California couple of face charges in videotape the child molestation victims as youngest three possibly rated it. Rancho Santa Margarita California couple of allegedly videotape and photographed themselves molesting girls as youngest three have been charged with numerous felony accounts and connection with the assaults. What do we do with a bunch of scumbags where molesting were a little kids like right and if you have bad aim well so be it. David Shaohi Huang H.H.W.A. N.J. Huang 32 and his wife Sheila Sheila careful cat. What he's one sick cat 23 were arrested the last Wednesday if investigators searched their home on anonymous tip. Police on more than 100 video tapes and pictures of three to nine year old children being molested police police police police about the tapes is made go back as far as 10 years were filmed in the later Texas where Huang lived before moving four years ago to Rancho Santa Margarita California. A case like this will sicken even the most seasoned investigator Orange County Sheriff spokesman Jim Alarmino said Monday. Sick cat was released from custody over the weekend in lieu of $150,000 bail playing remains in jail without bail. The two were charged Friday with two counts each of using a minor for sex acts playing with charged with 21 counts of loot acts upon a child sick cat faces four counts of that charge according to court records. A Monday children soul lemonade and rate scooters and bicycles up and down the block of large Spanish colonial style homes where the couple lived while adults express their shock. Their shock. Shock and awe. Here's an interesting thing speaking of our shocks off that. I'll fill out a fat around in the dikes. I think that. Oh yeah, yeah, I noticed that. Lesbians stick around the middle of US study. Janet Reno's not fat. How do you know? She wears those really baggy dresses. Well, are you saying that she's a die? Is that what you're saying? No, no, what were you saying? She drives a truck. Oh. Are you saying she's a girl? No, no, I would never say that. A lady. Wow. Sure. Lesbians are fatten and have thicker waistlines than their heterosexual sisters. The coin A. You go a sister. According to a US study, leaving the scientists lost to explain the findings. They were lost. Although Lesbians eat smoke and exercise about the same as their sisters, the study found it. What does it keep saying that? This is in the National Post here this morning. The study found it carries significantly more abdominal fat. This puts them in increased risk of heart disease and diabetes. One explanation might be there's a genetic difference between Lesbians and their heterosexual sisters. There's that word against the lead researcher. Stephanie Roberts, a San Francisco doctor. Doctor Roberts, so the reason could be hormonal linked to the reproductive issues, or to higher levels of cortisol, a fattening stress hormone that's often elevated members. Cortisol is not one of the things that they petalone those phony informersials. I know. Yeah. You haven't seen that one with a real pasty set where it looks like they're sitting in front of a fake plant. I don't see any of them. Oh, you don't watch informersials. See that's where Biner Boy had you beat by a man. He liked the informersials. Especially the ones where they petal drugs. It could also be a cultural difference you said. In the lesbian culture, there's been long history of fat acceptance. That's what Shirley Queer is used to say. Remember that? No. Gipsy, Rosalie, whatever her name was. What was her name? That's phony name she used. She had a funny timeline with what's your name? She was fat 2 a matter of fact, from Power 96. Ms. Cleo, low-gritton. No, and Poe Griffin. She was fat and a whale of a personality. Yeah, in the lesbian culture there's been long history of fat acceptance, size acceptance, and body acceptance in general, and dieting has been perceived as something that's not a setting of your body. Studies have consistently shown that lesbians have a higher body mass index than heterosexual women in US national average. But until now is unclear whether lesbians were more muscular. More muscular had more fat tissue. I would like Charlie on passions. See that she's not fat. She didn't even have a bag of sugar around her poop. Oh, not the job. I beg your pardon? Nothing. You know, watch the show. You don't understand it. Okay, you just didn't. We're like Beth, she's got a bag of sugar if she's pretending to be pregnant. Dr. Robertson and team of academies from the School of Nursing at the University of California, San Francisco surveyed 324 lesbians and 324 of their heterosexual sisters closest to them in age. Oh, see, I guess this really means sisters literally. See, okay, I think. Don't you think? No, I think they're just generic. Yeah, like cousins. They can go girl. Each woman was asked to measure herself and wear herself. Lesbians had a significantly higher body mass index, waist circumference, and waist to have ratio than their sisters, she said, this suggests that if it's in BMI is fat, not muscle tissue. So if you think that dikes are more muscular, forget about it. The survey published today in the journal of Women's Health Issues found the lesbians were slightly better educated and 8-less red meat and more fish. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. I'm not making that out alone. I am not making that up. Okay, well, the way I'm done. Wow, I have just tasted your snap. Get out of here and write you sickle pervert. But these did not appear to be important factors. It's the fact that they're eating more fish. Oh, God. Thanks for ever to get that taste and smell. How do you sustain that? No, not really. I don't want to hear about it. 5-6, especially it's so close to my lunch. 5-6, 705, 60 pound, 5-6, the only AP and T line. What's your take on this Thursday, 2 year anniversary of 9-11, ask them, they, 441 votes. Nobody's buying duct tape in this queen. Erick got it on there, but nobody's buying it. Bad Schmidt will happen only 15. I won't travel that day only 15. I'm stay close to them all day 19. What me worry 133, nothing will happen 259. All right. I say based on this audience's various soup observations, that it's going to be a coast is clear. Be afraid. Be very afraid. So it's a key. Either be afraid and panic and get all bad out of shape or just go about your business. That's what I say. Just go about your business. I got a great article here from CNN about which flat screen TV is best. Remember that? I mentioned last week. Right. And nobody, we had like 2 responses. It's good. It's bad. Yeah. And then your house on fire. See, I want to have discovered over the years generally. Once in a great while, there's an exception, but generally speaking, if you can't on the audience for any advice about anything, like killing rats or any disease. On the other way of speaking, disease, the, you know, the heel spare I've had on my right heel for like ages now for months. Seems to be like going away. Huh. Just like when I had that, what do they call that? That plantar fascist fascist fascist? On the bottom of the same heel, about a few years ago, and it, oh, man, hurt like hell. And if you don't do anything, it goes away. If you do all kinds of other crap, but you just waste a lot of money and a lot of time you get aggravated and doesn't do a goddamn thing. I just mentioned that in passing. Here's Volk, a hello. Hey, doing you. Pretty good. All right. I've got a couple things in the media right now to, uh, I'll see you about. Yes, sir. Okay. We have, uh, I called it down Mariah Care being one of the, uh, that's a lot of, uh, the, uh, that's a lot of stuff going with people and celebrities out there. Right. And I just want to say she's coming out with a double CD now. All her songs remakes. Uh, That's that it. And, um, you know, instead of like, you know, she should just enter creating it by just doing that one play or shooting and ending it. Right. Right. That's a give it over money. You know, right. Okay. Oh, she's got a real ego problem. She's, but she's been, uh, turned down and, uh, you're a crap down by so many people I can't stand her, including Luis Miguel. She just can't handle it no more. She really thinks she's a big star. Hey, it's unbelievable. Just do your one 10 house play boy shot and take money and, uh, don't ever let us see you again. And that's the lottery or something, you know? Right. Let's get it and get Richard out of it. On we have a, uh, Marie Corrette, your Ohio State superstar running back to, uh, the strategy for school is going to jail now. He's never going to play for Ohio State again. We're going to have a whole program. And, uh, I say great because you know what? Now my, and he's going to, when another national championship. Well, that's very important stuff because if my, we went to another national championship, then we can all feel a lot better about ourselves. Can't wait. Don't you, you, you're, if the hurt cool is what another national championship, I'll tell you what in the way to hit a struggle to come from behind against that rotten gear to meet the other damn. That's so sure about that. Of course, they are playing another girl school this week in East Carolina. East Carolina, uh, a girl school for the blind. So that should probably be like, you know, walk over. Just like the dolphin game against, uh, Houston. Just like that dolphin game against Houston. He said, oh, they count it. Didn't I just dream that lately I've been having experiences and I feel like I just, I just dream these things. They couldn't possibly really happen. You know what? Right. I mean, dolphins losing a home opener at home, no less to the Houston text. Hey, problem. Stench of palminoor covers over this performance by the dolphin. Absolutely correct. Wow. That's why I, uh, everybody's so down in town, you know? People are down in town. Law, let's do this for a go here. This is one of my favorite stories. Pizza, like, that's so much stuff here. And I've been taking a lot of calls. Germany complains to Italy about Hitler wines. That's that is shock. He's in the wine. Do my mention, my name is the vice-macher Gary. Well, I, you know, that Moosolini. I don't think he ever really left. He's still hanging around. It's a trouble. It's after one. What was his, uh, uh, uh, well, she wasn't his wife. What was her name for his, uh, Mrs. Moosolini. His squeeze. I don't know. I don't know what her name was, but they hung the both of them. And side by each right there in the middle of Rome. I was a dude. Maybe it wasn't in Rome. I don't know where it was. Where did they hang Moosolini? I thought it was in Rome. Are you sure? Yes, I am. Are you really? Yeah. Oh, so in other words, we actually got somebody to know something. And they're not in this scary. They hung Moosolini in Rome. And they were scotted to tell us, and he didn't even get paid for it. No, I just, I can't, no, no, no, you're laughing. It's not funny. It's pathetic. Well, guess what? I'll be doing on 9.11. Panhandling. Right. I wouldn't, wouldn't surprise me. Yeah, be real good day to be out there in the streets with your hand extended. I'm, well, the nice dough in you. I've got a ride you can wear on your head. Do you know that in Toronto here? We've got people that have like franchises for different street corners and locations. Okay. I really believe that. I think they bought a franchise somewhere because I've seen some of these people for years. It's just amazing to me. It goes in the same spot. And they always look like we old a shovel to everything. Then they get in their god. They mercury are their mark key. And they drive away. Show for a drink. First, you pull your beds down around your knees. Roll back from your desk and spread them on your feet. Burn, we wrap your hands on the ground. You want to be dead and pull up and down. Pull up and down and jerk that knees. Keep the keyboard covers over and won't splash. And they're pumped and the tube right bit up. You're lap how you could be just like the cheese. And a pole-blast security. Oh, right. And down, burn, we do secure airports. All the borders and the shinthing ports of pause. Before you get around to win, pull down your shores. And pull them around, pull them around and jerk the board. And get yourself a nice set of blow-pens. As the time doodling, if you're a desk down, you're in charge. Just like the cheese. And a pole-blast security. Oh, your beds down and feet your feet. On 17th at 560 WQM, here's a lady in somewhere in Hollywood, hello. Hi, how are you doing? Pretty good how you be. I'm just fine thanks. I know you think you don't have a lot of female listeners, but you do. You have so many. But you can do it a man. Yeah, that's a baby. We don't have the time to call. I'm just kind of telling you I'm going to the protest. It's after the middle of the evening. And for a lot of deal. And as far as you pull, nine or eleven really doesn't have a lot of bearing on me anymore. Because the terrorists know that the government likes our government, like to keep us on fear. So they did all they needed to do. All they have to do now is make threats. They don't even have to make good on them. Because we're just going to constantly keep the people on fear in order to keep control over them. So I don't think there's going to be any. I'm working too well lately though. Not if you look at us, pull members. It's not working the, you know. Yeah, I'm dropping. The thrill is gone. I hope it's keep tongue is dropped on my fear. But I hope it's time. All right, thanks. Two good jobs, Sam. I mean, I don't want to prevent anybody from going to that thing. You know, they're doing their civic duty and they're expressing their view point. Of course, that in 40 cents will buy about a third of a cup of coffee. You know what I'm saying? 40 cents. What's that? Like I said about the five bucks will buy a third of a cup of coffee. All of that reiterates pitch in threatens lawsuit. On the eve of the Broward County's first budget hearing, election supervisor Miriam elephant renewed her plea for a partnership with the county. But threatened to lawsuit at the same time. How do you like that? Sure. Might be that traffic lady. We used to have a passion. Elephant called the news conference yesterday to reiterate her budget request and she's taking her case to the community, including the Broward Legislative delegation to League of Cities, political candidates and groups of need be the Governor-Minders Secretary of State. If all that fails in elephant doesn't get the money and helps she's looking for when the county finalizes its $2.5 billion budget September 23rd, Elephant said she'll take her case to court. The appeals process for election supervisor who feels she's inadequately funded. But elephant has only 32,000 Trinity bucks in her budget for legal fees. Hearing up for the final matches between her office and the Broward County Commission, which begins its formal budget hearing today, they're probably doing it right now. Elephant met with county staff members yesterday, she went to Alico's whole thing. I think we have this on our website, yeah, it is. If you want to read the rest of it, it's too fond of us from here, can't stand that bitch. None of on these people who's going to like it, she might be a little bit of mow. Absolutely. She's going to continue threatening her way into her position. Let's see, here's a fact that says earlier, some of your colors are complaining about bush limbo and right wing of friction, sports they don't get it. I got my thing on it though, the reason I fell out of the significant things are getting so hooked up by these fascist is because they want the intelligent people of this great country to pay attention to more important things than the garbage they're doing outside of the Scoyati, Adiati, the American masses can't make up on Monday and go on with life and real issues after Dave wants that and J. Pete will lose a ballgame. I like sports, and go to some games, but life goes on, I'm not in line to jump off the due to the turtle because J. Pete loses an average quarterback and wants that she'd be coaching high school football. Every time I heard the hysteria with some of these idiots over analyzing Pheeler and her coons, the gators and all these things, I want to get that out of here. Is it too much to ask that you separate sports entertainment from real-life issues? Yeah, it's too much to ask and so forth. This is, I can just hear these kids asking their parents for help with their homework advice on issues their lives and dad screaming. Can't you see I'm speaking the more Howard David I need to tell him how upset I am with Pheeler. Sports and then yeah, that's the important stuff on QAM. We're on 9-11. We had like an extra hour of sports because the guilty was sitting there with his finger up his eyes. What are you going to talk about? We have nothing to say about it. And we're still talking sports because Duff was running around the halls. Oh, Greg, what do we do? What do we do? You know, Duff who can't decide which hand-to-way presents would. Good guy, but a real pansy, you know. Here's a story pulled cast support for California recalls stalled. Support for the recall of Governor Gray Davis has stalled a new policy just. While Lieutenant Governor Cruz Booster-Monte is open to slingly over Republican Arnold Schwarzenegger in California. The field pulls set for release today, well I guess it's released today, isn't it? Yeah. Well, I'm gay. As soon as I said Arnold, I guess they're gagging. Finally, 55% likely voter support to recall down from 58% in the August pool, but the difference remained within the pool's margin of error. 40% said they opposed to be called again a 3.5 months of last month. Meanwhile, I'm not to go boost the money in Schwarzenegger or buddy, but boost the money is not open a small leave. He's got a small opening. 30% to Arnold's 25%. Senator Tom McClentick, a state senator, the leading conservative in the racist strength in his third place, getting 13% again a 4.3 weeks, but I also within the margin of error. Former baseball commissioner in business man Peter Uberoff came in with 5% and columnist every unhappiness that got support from 3%. She's still huffing and puffing. We see support for recall fading, said Gabriel Sanchez, a spokesman for the Davis group. Schwarzenegger spokesman Todd Harris said the poll is younger than among candidates for replace Davis. It's a two-man race in Schwarzenegger's daily Republican with a chance to win Arnold. It's a lie. It's not a two-man. How do you like that? It's scary. It's frightening. It's one thing to have fun with it. If you last would it, but the idea that there's somebody can take it seriously is so phenomenal. It's a mind-boggering. Yeah. It's amazing. Well, what are all these facts? It's just pouring in here. I see. So, can you imagine a presidential election scenario where the only two candidates to pick from would be W and Jewelieberman? No. No, I can. And it won't happen. For the amount that I despise and load W, Jewelieber makes W's leadership skills look like Vince Lamberties. See you are going to put false stuff again. I'm a few of the facts. It's the same guy to the facts, yellow. What's the same guy to just pass the elbow to the same up print that's the same type? Scott is full of crap and based his authority and man are speaking needs to go on payless probation a bit longer. Okay, no problem. Here's the guy can stop. Okay. Okay. During the last days of the war in Italy, dictated of an eatomusally, Neat tempted to escape the advancing allied army by hiding in a German convo headed toward the Alps. Partisan stuff then searched to convoy a dongo. Her? Dongo is a convo, but more white folks. They found it in the back of a truck wearing a private's overcoat over his Strap General's pants. The partisans took him for his neighbor's later joined by his mistress, Tara Patachi. A few days later, both were executed near Mizegrah. Then on April 29, 1945, their bodies were hung at an SO gas station in the Pazzali Loretto in Milano, not in Rome in Milano, the Pazzali Loretto. Pazzali. Got it? Got it. Along with several other fashions leaders. So what was in Milano, not in Rome? There were been in Milano, Rome? Scott? No sir? I've been in Bolonio, but I think it's what you're full of today, but that's okay. No, what do you think I can pay? If you see the way he said it like he knew it is a fact, you know? Do you have any idea how far Rome is from Milano? Do you think they're close side by each? That's not a remember. He was there. That's not how he remembers it. Well, I can like always these paillus weeks one day. You'll say, I remember that. What do you want? He'll be a little part of it as one of those soldiers. What's your take on this Thursday's two year anniversary of man level raskin' today on theorodges.com? So far pretty blas. 485 votes. We got four harbind duck in this queen right now. They're out there grabbing it up. Bad Schmidt will have it 18. I won't travel at the 18. I'm staying close to Hummel Day 19. What me worry 140 and nothing will happen 286 of full almost almost 60% of this audience. Our positive they would bet you a most life on it. That nothing's going to happen Thursday. That's the movie. Sure, well they got to lose. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T in horizon wireless lines. So dikes are fat. You have to be honest. You guys are like obsessed with dikes, but I don't think they want to see fat dikes. No. The other you don't want to see old dikes. They don't want to see fat dikes. They want to see hot young dikes. He looks sick as being nutty butch truck driving diesel dike. You're a bit on janit again. Here we go. You're a lot of deal. Mom, mom, and I. Ok. Let's try my Emmy. Hello. My Emmy. Hello. When is this? Hello. Yeah. No chance. No chance, Francisco. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. It's grim man. Really, you're right. You know something I got all these articles sitting here and for whatever reason. I don't know me because it kills good time. I feel compelled to take these idiotic phone calls. See, I like that seven months and I don't want to hear that you like the two because it sounds like ass sucking. Oh, you know what article I want to get into here. I love this. I didn't think I actually printed this one out. From the British newspaper, the Guardian, just saying no to accidents. I love this. This is great. I can't believe I actually have this thing in my hand. 26 past one at five 60 WQM. How low can those interest rates go? That's a question that people are asking everywhere you go. How low can they go? Now the financial group is doing the virtual limbo rock under the lowest refinance rate you ever be hearing of. 1.95% that's right. Now you can refinance your homer by new home and get that super low 1.95% financing with the financial group. Call them today when in doubt check this out. 1.894.0land. If you're even thinking about refinancing or buying real estate, you really ought to be looking into this. Call financial group at 1.894.0land. Talk about savings. Listen to these payments. If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan, your payments are 1.368. If you have a two hundred thousand dollar loan, you pay only 736. So call financial group toll free 1.894.0land to get to low amazing astonishing rock bottom rate that you've been scraping and searching for 1.95%. Call financial group toll free 1.894.0land. That's 1.894.0land. Be sure and tell them that Todd Dreck told it to call the Renequil housing letter. Credit restrictions apply rates of to change monthly 5.19 APR. 1.9 APR. 1.9 APR. 1.9 APR. 1.9 APR. 1.9 APR. 1.9 APR. 1.9 APR. 1.9 APR. 1.9 APR. 1.9 APR. 1.9 APR. I think you can make judgments all along, but I think those judgments will inevitably shift. So how will history view the Clinton presidency? I was counted to be one of the two three worst American presidents. I was a corrupt, drunk, and I think the public isn't top of no doubt. How much do you think we need to know about a president or a former president to story of his or her life? I was a fraud for the beginning. I think the legal activity you have got taxpayers money. But how do a lot? If people don't like it, will you deal with all of this in your memoirs? Oh sure. Oh, okay. Well, I'm busy on the internet. I don't care. I'm looking at that. But I will take this call online. I know. I'm very dubious. Here's Indianapolis. It says, hey, do a nail. Okay, sir. I don't think any of the evidence of timber. I love it. I mean, that would be a little foolish, I don't you think? What do you mean it would be a little foolish? Well, if it's going to happen on the timber, whatever, no cheating, that's something that will be expected. I don't know. I see we really don't know. It could happen on 11 to 12 to 13th and week from circus. We don't know. We never know. I heard Georgie other week complaining about some of the chronic. Yeah. What do we ever do to him? Oh, yeah. See, why do you believe these people? I told you about all the evidence, guys. I'm very important. He didn't. That's why wrote a like crap up there. Oh. Anyway, so I'm looking on the internet here and I'll see. The word in and is biggest mistake, Yadi. Oh, this is a long thing. When a German surrounded in Northern Italy in April 45, he's arrested again. He's Mr. Clareau Petace, he were moved from the jail at a Julino de Maceguro and Lynch by the local communist partisans. And it were hanged in Milano, like we said, okay. What do we have to rehash that? Oh, they always never rehash it. This is actually believe what you wrote on there. She's got. I'm finding out as an idiot. I'm saying, oh, he really isn't idiot. That is making the bad guys just a moron. I could have told you that. Okay. Well, I didn't realize that. I thought that maybe you like knew something or had something to offer. So I think generally what we're going to do is like on the days that he's doing, we'll just take the microphone out. Because, you know, even if only by accident, he might say something. We don't want that to happen. Now, when a bad line made before, I noticed there was a lengthy conversation with that. Was that carrots to tell you about to sign the papers to get paid? No. It wasn't. It was normal. Wanting what? Picture the you? Tell that. Tell that bag to leave me alone. Okay. Tell them, don't call that radio station ever again. I'm not giving it a no picture. I'm not doing no Bobblehead does. I don't want to be bothered by him. Okay. First, I took care of the rumors, which is great. And I'm taking here a him. Leave me alone. God. Bap. Bap. This man lives in such a fantasy line. It's just unbelievable with his fantasy baseball and his fantasy life and his fantasy a faggory. Just leave me alone, normal. Okay. Life is wonderful. Oh. It's like, you said it the other day. I mean, it's like somebody is stalking me. It's like, you know, if it's not remember, it's normal. The stalkers. I did like that show. Those talk stalkings a lot, but I guess you know that. Yeah. Man was he hot. But anyway, just saying no to abstinence, right? Zoey Williams in the Guardian today. He says, Athens. This is too long to read the whole thing. Let me know when it gets boring. Oh, now. Abstinence is a very American phenomenon. It's always making news over here, not in terms of shopping or food or anything else. The abstention from which might do the world any kind of favor. And we're talking about Estins from Sex specifically teenage sex, which is coincidentally the only perpetually renewable resource known to mankind. The onslaught on teenage sexuality is too full. There are the Evangel Evangelical Roachos that preach abstinence to the marriage. These are a full of Billy Graham style hysteria from excitable girls, but attendance is not mandatory. So even though they receive government grants, the constant of no violation of the constitutional, though not popular law against the including religious beliefs and public school system. Abstinence training in schools is subtly different. Because of that law, many of the programs that even mention marriage, they just say, wait. I once asked Andrew Donner, director of health and Rochester in New York, how long people were supposed to wait. He said, we don't specify, we just say, wait. I said, what? You just take the time you want to have sex. Add none specified about it. Time and then have sex? He said, you're a pain in the ass. You know that? Other, I'm reading it. I said, you're a pain in the ass. You know that? Other programs have a Judeo Christian overtone, but being unable to make any concrete statements, they concentrate instead on the rather nebulous idea that it's nice to be clean on one's wedding night, like Apologna. Painting virginity is a nice gift of bestow. This business predates bush by 20 years, but predictably enough, he's always been a doubty believer. In 1996, when he was governor of Texas, his state had the largest abstinence in nationwide, which he justified with the declaration, abstinence is not about saying, no, it's about saying, yes, to a healthier, healthier, happier future. Funding for just say no campaigns, now outstrips that per safe sex campaigns almost threefold. There are needless to say a lot of things wrong with this. First, many of the campaigns are absolutely scare-mongering, which puts them up, uh, puts the, uh, wind-up teens whenever we do have sex and makes them less likely to seek medical help for treatable conditions. Second, most of the dumb slogans like you if you don't aim to please don't aim to tease, puts the onusong girls to act as gatekeepers to sexual experience, which is massage-enistic. Third, the overwhelming emphasis on teenage pregnancy expressly excludes homosexuals from the debate and to help compromise by the right way of medical and student's sexual health in 2000. A young female doctor was asked how she'd apply the abstinence message to a young homosexual coming into her clinic. She said, I would tell him that he was sitting against my lord. Over here in Britain. Over here in Britain, things are very different. The latest literature on the matter is entitled Just Say No to Appstones campaigns. A substantial part of the budget in our routine sexual health is put toward educating and supporting teenage mothers so that their predicament need not necessarily create a cycle of poverty. This is treated as a class issue, rather than a moral one and rightly so-so in girls from poor backgrounds, are ten times more likely to become teenage mothers than girls from professional ones. This is the definitive comparison and debate about the role of religion in the political process. Evangelical opinions so often gets levels backs up on individualistic issues, homophobia, misogyny, so-called family values which castigate the very people, single parents, who are taking the greatest responsibility. In fact, where faith intersects with politics is almost always about class and poverty, this is why the religious writings just where the religious left doesn't, no one ever crusades for the very poor on a biblical ticket. Politicians draft in faith-fast opinion, faith-based opinion where they want to reframe an issue of underprivileges one of immorality. The social consequences of inequality can be then put down to the fact that some people are just born bad and also by malign coincidence born poor. We always take a great deal of interest in American and the shivers that are implicitly religious. We view them as an exotic quirk, like French presidents and their mistresses, or Austrians in their fascists. But there's nothing exotic about the way Evangelical Christianity and particular operates in American society, it's just a predictable function of right wing policy making. As Alistair Campbell memorably remarked, over here we don't do God, we don't do God at all. This must be the most valuable distinction still exxst in between us in America, that we have yet to fall back on bogus concepts of morality who explain why some teens sleep around in chocolate and some don't. Sorry if that sounds like prumphalism, but God knows we don't have much. Pretty good, I'd say, eh? Yeah, but I would rather hurt some calls. 560, 760, George wants to hear some of those good calls. Tom Bach, Tom 560, the only AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line. Manicone? Here's Hi Ali, that's always good for one, hello. Hello? Yes sir. How are you, New York? Well, I'll talk about September 11. It's funny how people still refers to a like, you know, your terrorism and all of this crap. Basically, you know, first of all, we got a look at who benefited from 911. And it seems to me it's very obvious who got the benefit from it. Yeah, who's that? Well, the government, US government, administration got the benefit from it because they got to go to war and all of these corporations make money because of it. So, so what are you trying to say to the government, was your responsible for 911? Well, definitely they have something to do with it. How do you know that? Well, they've definitely based on what? Well, there's a lot of inconsistencies like what happens to the black boxes of the planes. Yeah. Okay. They could never found those that said they were destroyed yet again. They found the leftovers of apparently a passport from one of the hijackers. We've received reported that on their website that some of the hijackers are actually alive somewhere. Yeah. It seems pretty odd that all of those things that we have in place, having the most advanced intelligence, having monitoring the island satellite. Well, what happens is we have the most advanced intelligence when George Tenad is the director of CI testifying just a few weeks ago, that there's no connection, there's no evidence whatsoever, any connection between Iraq and Al Qaeda. What happens is we have it, and then the public gets lied to what's the point? Well, I'm trying to explain it. I'm going with you, meaning that they're telling us all these lies when in reality their planes are very, very different. And all of the media, it's all geared to manufacture consent, so to make people believe that they lie to them. And all of this, we've been feeding, we've been fed by lie in four years. And then all of a sudden, this happened and the clear, the blame had to go towards them. And still they still haven't found them. So then we say, there's no word to be found. And we keep on now, now they're trying to gear themselves for another attack. And I wouldn't be surprised if before the election, 2004, surprised, there's another attack. And then we got to go to work to Iran and to defend this country. And supposedly these elections, which there were never elections in the last elections, this guy was placed there by his father's right. By the Supreme Court, yes. And what makes us think that now that they have computer voting, next time we go to the elected to the polls, it's just going to be a formality to make people believe they're going to vote. And we still have to do it because it's not going to be a good one. I think they probably already have to print out what the numbers are going to be in each state. You think that jab has got the four numbers? We probably got that. We had an article on a website a few days ago about that, about these computer-wise machines. And how there's so much easier to fix than the other ones? Yeah. Mom, I just mentioned that in passing. Not that there are any fixed elections in America. I just mentioned that for you. Never had been never will. No. Not in America, maybe land of the free and home of the naive 19 deal too. So what the hell was he trying to say? Why did you local? We were supposed to be in the 560's U.S. U.A.M. Or David's a bitch. Absolutely. Okay, so George Hill, thanks as we got a new bush-bed from Boca Bryant. You want me to fire it off? Sure. He wants no damage. He's not being me yet. What's once in all? Bush flakes. Yeah, yeah. Bush flakes. Oh, question about it. Which is why I stay away from it as much as possible. 529 votes. What's your take on Thursday's two anniversary of 9-11? 11 say I'm buying duct tape at this now. And now the new QAF. Oh wow. Somebody had reset this machine. Well I'd like to beat the crap out of them. I'm buying duct tape at this point right now 11. I won't travel that day 19. I'm saying post them all day 20. Bad smircle happened 20. So just you know a smattering. But what me worry 146. And nothing will happen. 313. See, they got to call me four and said, well I would be too obvious to do it. Well, maybe it wouldn't. Maybe it wouldn't. You know what I'm saying? Right. No, it's not probably the general feeling is that, oh, well, they're not going to do it again on the day. There would be so obvious this repeat on the second anniversary. Just like last year they were in of course you recall last year. He was using the tragedies of 9-11 to pump up support for this uh, a racket tack which subsequently they went and done. Under the guys of well we're fighting in the war on terror is never ending in all over the world in the audience. So you can go in here with the the Iraqi oil pipeline all the other crap, you know. They couldn't get the Afghan pipeline going so now it's the racket tack. You'll be probably in that we've decimated the country and kill Zidin's of people. Our people are done over there every day. And we got nothing but chaos and it's coming unglue and unraveled moment moment by moment. I just wonder no, in the midst of all this. Yeah. Why is it that most people live in trailer parks listen to country music? Oh, you know, one be gets the other. Is that what it is? Sure. I don't think you go into a trailer park and hear arrow smith coming from the speakers or Elton John. It's a little bit down. Huh? Oh, they have those trailer parks too. I'm talking about Well, this I was going to say the people on jury's finger, but then again, are there black trailer parks? Before without a doubt. You get out of here. I'll drive you as to some when you come back down. No. There are black people living in trailer parks. There are rural black people in case he didn't know. I'll be damned. By the way, Peter, you brought dropped out of the raisin California for governor. He just dropped out. How many votes did he have? But third man. I said I don't think so. El Paso is what he said. The former baseball commissioner Peter Uberop. He said his name was a little bit too confusing. Unlike the simple names on there like you know great Davis and Arnold Schwarzenegger. Hello. Lawsuits blaming airlines the port authority and a boy company for each reason deaths in the 911 terrorist attacks can proceed if it was our jewel today. This just in. The defendants had argued that the suits should be dismissed because they had no duty to anticipate and guard against deliberate and suicidal aircraft crashes and because any alleged negligence on their part was not the cause of the injuries in his 49 page ruling. US district judge Alvin Halersstein said the port authority of New York and New Jersey which owns the world trade center property is not shown that it will prove its defensive government immunity is to negligent delegations made by WTC occupants. What is that? Is not shown that it will prove its defense. The judge also said the evidence he had seen does not support boy's arguments that the invasion and take over the cockpit by the terrorist freeze it from liability. The plaintiff said the link should have designed the cockpit doors to prevent hijackers from invading the cockpit. The plaintiffs that also argued that American United Airlines and the port authority were legally responsible to protect people on the ground with a hijacked aircraft smashed into the twin towers causing them to collapse. The ruling was based on the cases about 70 of the injured and representatives of those who died the 2000 one attacks on the WTC depending on the crash of a hijacked plane in Pennsylvania. I still realized that I'm a skeptic. Call me ignorant. Call me dubious and suspicious. But I'm still a little bit curious about how that long lag time you know between the first hour and the second one. Yeah. By the Indian and no interception. No, we spend the long long lag time. What was it like a half an hour? Sure. Me for the hit the Pentagon. I mean, you know, just just thinking out loud again. The middle Eastern world will be exploded to dominate people killed with the gas that we sold in. First time a griscer nation and the only one that's going. Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing forget about Korean. The nuclear tows will have a right wing is drilling it over and over into our head. Daddy, rock, has some weapons of past construction. Three thousand people killed. Our now forgotten. Let's exploit them instead. Hey, there's oil to be not in going after satown to play Kato's summer. There's no longer mentioned of the name in Latin but no enceived concern. All of this cartel is in a station that controls this by fear through media and manipulation and the right wing is drilling it over and over into our head. And I ragged hands up. Weapons of past construction. The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now. Not see as prompt this saying. I have nothing to hide. Table talkers all are saying. I know media and I don't have any reservations. Out of provoked, Babylon. World of the dilation. Old regimes must fall and have a virgin itself with no objection at all. Tell the crap don't have the fall and the right wing is drilling it over and over into our parade wash pad. I ragged hands up. That's the best structure. The whole media is right. And so. When the best is struck. Well, what a great job. Eric did on our website. Did you see that? Look at this. That stuff is up there. I'm rallying. More on how we feel our presidenties in town today. The staff known bush bear well to our O4 protest today. High and hotel. Pier 60 64 lottery. I'll be there at 5 o'clock. We're a black shirt. I bring a white cross representing a soldier killed in a black and a were sign of protest. Randy Rhodes had got us. I'd be there. If you want more information on a call route at 561 22229140 maybe one or your 22 the mad dogs. Bye bye. What is that? I don't know. I think it's a communist plot. Car finalmente gig winner is Friday.