Have a nice weekend everybody. Good morning Neil. Moran Scott. You know, I'm picking on them for a pedophile priest again. Yeah, next week I'm going to do the Jews and Catholics. Good. I mean the Puerto Ricans. I mean the Cuba. I mean the anyway. Okay, we're spending those pedophile hot seed demands. I have a way happy New Year. Happy June, a jiu-yar. Yeah, thank you very much Neil. And you know, I'm actually, I have Billy the Mylin in here today. We were doing a national story for Tomiles. Joe Buck, Tim McArbor, Brokass, and they told me that it was going to be 15 seconds. Yeah. That's better than nerd. Well, that's what you get. You see, don't go to it for a moment. That's what I did see that. I know it's a people were there to see it at the Skydonk. Yeah, I did not want to. I did not get in the pouring rain here. It was pouring at the Maros game. 30 minutes. There's a thousand people. And I was going guys. They let's say they went from 25 to 28. And then I had a party. There was 32. And it's stupid as a Jim Sarniman. What a whizzling here. He said that I'm fabulous. No, he did suck your ass. But he about the old the sports hall coast ripping their crowd. Well, of course, we ripped him in this business about while they had television ratings were so great. Yeah. So that's for free. That doesn't mean supporting your team is sitting on your fan ass and watching it on TV. Yeah. Well, see if he had Sarniman, of course, he should know about a fan ass. Do you know what I say? Scott Ferrell's just a jam minute on sports day. It's a must see minute every Monday night. Well, the funny thing is is that, you know, no one goes to the games as you've been right all along. Here's the thing that I wonder. Today to play out tickets going to 10 I guarantee you though I've known for your crowds for the two playoff games. They might have 10,000 more people. But they don't even top 40. Do you really believe that? They won't top 40. You don't think they'll sell them out? No. Oh, it's like Pittsburgh men, no one cares. People in Pittsburgh are trying to get a job because the George Bush no one has a job. And you don't go to baseball games when you're broke. You know, but what about my own copies got a job? I think he works for the Catholic priest that chase little alter boys, right? Little birdie told me. Don't be knocking as a lot of Catholics in Pittsburgh and say Lewis manners. Nothing but Catholics. Who choose a lot of things? They lose and all the Catholics. Yeah. It's a hundred and ten all summer and then they get nine months of snow. Yeah, they got almost as many sources and say Lewis isn't Atlanta. Yeah. Then it's still trying to sell people on that stupid arch. And then money, Mr. Sippy, Christ, if you drank out of that, you'd be dead and fine. No, miserable whole. Look what it did to Jack buck. I made an account. She combined care the city in St. Louis and make one real town instead of two little ones. How about my main Jacksonville sounds good? Jacksonville's a horn. Everything in between. And then everything in between is my horn. And Tampa. So what was this about the, who's it that's got the sneaky hole? I think Howard's wife. Was it the, was it the reiner, Philis or he's the reiner? He's the reiner. He's the reiner. He covers her body with a raincoat and I said, well, what's the difference between that and Philis's hole? I think he gave us a good hole. I mean, Paul, I did. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I mean, he's got the sneaky as told. He's okay when Howard talks bad about us all day on the air or behind our backs. So I'm just meaner. Are you going to do a few more? Are you going to do a few more? Are you going to do a few more? Are you going to do a few more? Are you going to do a few more? You hate everybody. Hey, when it comes to me, he was stuck in my ass this morning. Many cities going to take me to the zoo. He doesn't realize they won't let him to the zoo. Yeah, because he likes the blow pan. A Tony, four in Tino is the new thing. We see you. I want to leave. Tini, the heat higher, twenty-four in Tino. You know him? Can you see Moa with the zoo with that thing on his head? I can see. Barley creature in there would be like cozying up to whatever that thing. I heard Moa like that, sex with kangaroos. Yeah. I'd like to see that. I'd like to see him hopping on it. I know he downloads porn in here on Q&A. You see a Robert Palmer died. Oh, that's simply irresistible. He was addicted, man. I think he was just like the guy that died last week. He was a doctor from age simple rules for doing my daughter in the ass. John Ritter, they're both too young to die. It was Palmer. He was the worst thing today, man. You really must be getting ready for a big, black dome weekend. I haven't had a cable this morning. And you know, I like to sit on cable beach. He might be as if I'd played for a space last night. Yeah. Your body, Bob Murphy, they haven't sent that for him with 10,000. Was he getting a lion drive? Did he get a lion drive for Bob Murphy to call? Bob Murphy's the perfect man. He's a crap buddy. He's awful, just horrible. And I also noticed that your buddy Jim Sarny, that retard he has suckless his names, but they're too adive van boring. Hey, this is Ashley's. Yeah, we've already done him. How about Monday? Miami here. They're doing a feature on yours. Truly, you'll enjoy that piece. Well, you're all over the place, man. You're like cancer. You're everywhere. All I'm trying to do is help the Neil Rogers show get bigger. I'm just here to help the real show. Ten to two. I'm just a pre-lum. I'm like a warm-up. I'm like a wet dream. I'm maybe wondering if it's good. Thank you very much. We can move forward. Hey, we can't. You know, I got a free car and a free Oscar. Come at your car, Matt. Did you get a car? Yeah, I got the car deal from Armstrong to Ed of Homestead. You got to drive an extra hour, but I get you a blow job and 1500 off your first car. If you go down there and get some pistol. I got a free car and most jealous, because he got one in eight months. I got one in four. Now I'm going to get a Ferrilla Copper and a yacht. But five six, you're going to decide if I'm going to lay Doreen nude on the bow. Yeah, but when you're going to get your musk, Brad. When Philistop's smelling. I've got a long way, baby. See ya! Why do you wear a suit? I think you got a daddy daddy. You sucky? My shirt. Daddy it. Daddy your loser. I went back home in my pants. I got for all of the time. I think mommy cheats on you. I think mommy cheats on you. I think mommy cheats on you. What the fuck is this? After that time, Brad. It's just a little white cloud. It's all in ver. My name is Mamman, only here. Oh, with all that I've got to roll. Come on, stop down the slum, land around. Daddy why don't you get a job? To deserve all of your more. And what if like it's in that night? Daddy he's not like the earth. Sweet six teams today. I'm dropping out of high school. Just looking like a mama. A little more everything. Daddy I'm pregnant. I don't know who the father of. After turn tricks for cash. I drove the car into a tree. Can you just send me some cigarettes? What if my kisses are gone? Hey, go. I'm going to the house. I'll go. I'll go. I'll go. I'll go. I'll go. I'll go. I'll go. Hang out, Monna Dulse for the riding world. Dad, I'm getting married again. Dad, that's my ass. Standing in the bride room. Just staring at her. I think I have siblings. I have to be what I'm thinking. And I sit on the couch. I've got a letter code. I'll always. Hey, pop. We're moving in. I'm looking at the moon. And butterfly kisses. Dad, I have some news. I'm a lesbian. All right. Hey, that's in. See if we've played that long enough. I knew soon that would be. And that was probably a question. Matter of fact, it's as good morning Neil and George. I've turned on my coworker to your poles. I don't get that. How about to our show? That's right. I've always nothing about your poles. Now, which is fine. And today's her last day here. She has not heard butterfly kisses. So not her for leaving. Could you please play this morning. Thank you. It's signed with like, is that that's a mic? Mark? Something like that. Mitch? Some. Some goof off. There you go. Go for it. Go for it. Go for it. Go for it. Go for it. Go for it. Go for it. Go for it. Go for it. Go for it. Go for it. Go for it. Go for it. Go for it. Do your lovely wife for the next hour. Because the, and did you see in the presidential debate yesterday? I saw none of it. I thought you said you peruse the couple minutes of it. No, that may. I saw a few songs. I like afterwards. Few seconds. I was pretty, I was pretty. See, the sad part about that whole thing is that every time I see one of those, the people who make the most sense that are the most impressive are either people are can't stand like Al Sharpton or people who have no chance like Dennis Gassinich, who both were outstanding, but they have no chance. I'm Graham was, you know, in his usual boring way, but he was very good but has no chance. Right. Anyway, if the presidential election was held today with these candidates, would you vote for it? And to that we didn't, I didn't say that one from yesterday with a Wesley Clark who just kicked ass. He had about 70% right. Maybe Eric will fax there. I like email me the result from yesterday, so I have it. Because the tech Kennedy beat the pants off bush on Wednesday, then yesterday, Wesley Clark just absolutely just stung him big time. big time and now that they were going to do Howard Dean against George W. will per him up. If the less word today who do you vote for with these candidates Howard Dean, George W. Bush or I wouldn't vote, that's the first poll today. Got it? Got it. Okay, good. Or here's the facts that says. Remind the audience that Chicken Hawk Rush Limbaugh's a draft manager. Hey, audience, Chicken Hawk, our Rush Limbaugh's a draft manager. His excuse was a system is but it's a... Correctum. You can meet all about it. If you Google draft Rush Limbaugh, regards e-vennis, PS love to show. Thank you e-d. That was at any dinner, or maybe we can do George Dennis it. So we're down. I know it's done if it wasn't. And then, hearing it through the raceway. Anyway, here's the results from yesterday's poll. This was, uh, marginally interesting. I thought it was, what's your biggest gross out we asked? What does turns you off and makes you want to puke your guts out? Body odor 285. Can't stand it. Bad breath 126. And I'll say it again to people with the worst breath of the ones that always when they talk to you want to get up real close. I think they know they have bad breath. It smells even worse than Philips' hole. I wanted this. God says that the most wife has the Sticky's toll and focus, have it he said. What? Bad breath 126. Jelly rolls of fat. I love the way I boarded that. I'm so proud of myself for that. Jelly rolls of fat. Let me just grab mine right now. Correctum roll it around. Oh man. Jelly rolls of fat 122 disgusting. Turns in the tank 84. Bad teeth 79. Women with hairy pits 50. Dirty plus 49. French. Oh, he talking about early. I wonder how high Philips is good. And what was the upshot that deal with the de Reen this morning? Do we know why I'm always ripping de Reen and ass? Because he was your suck in mine. Yeah. I don't know. Maybe Scott knows. Scott was researching it. Scott. It's still it's yet to be determined. It's yet to be determined. Okay. TBA. I'm advice of my lawyer. Dirty plus 49. French good. Adians 47. Frogs. Zits 34. Ugly feet 30. Nasty rotten. Grotesque Martian looking feet were like hair on the. Lot of hair on the big toe and things like that. Yeah. Body slash face piercing 29. General Worts 28. Tattoos 26. We're talking about not your ordinary pedestrian like little Tattoots as I love Mary or Harry Jellhouse or Halle Berry but we're talking about people discovered with growth test tattoos walking in 26. Dad way gay teen. That's a loot of gross men in speedo 16. Harry people 13 like Harry Reems and Ron Jeremy those are the two Harry's I can think of Robin Williams. Is he really Harry? Incredible. I never looked at close. I don't want to see it. You can't let me say them in city like that. On those pickers 9's not 7. Some people think it's appealing but it's not. And here's 7. I'm surprised at least 7's here. I feel like so left out but that's typical for me. I'll be no street. Well that was yours right? Right. I beat you. Lot of clothes and I'll be no z-t-ed three. Dandruff three and man breast big man breast guys would big teeth especially though they're walking around on a beach is only got a pair. So Joe Rose was lamenting couple weeks ago in a station that you know because he used to work out like crazy. Right. And now he's got big I'm feeling good. Good. The big humongous breasts like a woman. I wonder he had mad dog or so tight. Anyways that's yesterday's pull we got that first one. Is it up there? It's up there right now. I'm putting for Howard Dean over and over and over again. He had to give me the all zero weighing on him. You want him to know why because he's the leader. Right. So they all zeroed in on him and ganged up on his ass and he's got 27 votes out of the first 34. But I was fast. Why? Holy. I went up on it. It's 30 votes already. He's got 27 of them and W is only got four. Nice going Howard Dean. That's my man. For sure. I hope Wesley Clark doesn't. I mean if Wesley Clark gets it no problem. He will go step right behind him on March right along. But Howard Dean's the man. He's got a big pair. He's not one of these waffers one they see and one thing. He's forward. He's again at heat they are. He didn't meet that. That's why they will pick it. No. 10th. 14 is five 60 WQM. It's the 2003 New Rogers blowout cell continuing. It's the in progress. At Hall of Potty, E.M.C. gets you stuff the lowest prices in town from the good folks over there including my close personal buddy Tom Layman and Joe Prieto. Neil Deal number one. Save up to seven grand with the highest rebated ear plus get deep deep down into your pants discounts and all remaining 2003 models including the UConn of the Envoy XL. Neil Deal number dose gets 0% financing for up to five years. Listen to this. You can lease a fully loaded 2004 Grand Prix GT fully loaded. I know some people like that. A 2004 Grand Prix GT for only 250 Ivux a month or 36 months with 12,000 miles a year and just 2500 bucks out of pocket. Tom and Joe invite you to the test drive any vehicle on the lot of issues. So, two tickets to the Thursday October 2nd Mommy Hurricanes West Virginia game. That's next Thursday. Hurry in the supplies of limited and times run over as well. And of course as you always know how let's got the best selection in town of certified pre-owned cars, trucks, SUVs. You've gotta be certified if you shop for a car any place else. Certified crazy. And if your credit is a little on a marginal side if you used to hang out with Jeff to Forest, no problem because of how they want to cut you deal though work with you. It's the big gigantic unbeatable 2003 blowout sale when in doubt they're blowing about a hell of Pontiac GMC 13401 South Dixie Highway that's US 1 across from the falls open every day seven days a week. If you want more info on these spectacular amazing deals that are happening right now call the Neil Deal Hotline toll free. It's 1 Triple 8 534 42 11. Don't forget these Neil deals. Subdit to credit approval. See the folks at Hall at Fort details. That's at Hall at Pontiac GMC who are definitely pro-fessional grade. My life in local near sports radio 560's you a- You a-m. Do drugs back and sing you grew up with them both. Ad thou and learn records proudly presents the greatest hits of Simon and pooling goal. You have you come for this day enough. The casher your is don't even tell you. Yes Simon and pooling goal. Woo hoo! We could have live in Central Park and Frost Fight Falls the music of Hall Simon, the lyrics of Mr. Noigh Hall. I'm singing on this radio stage but I'm nothing more than animation. You know, you'd imagine them. Simon and pooling goal greatest hits. Yes, it is Hall but it's not art and rocks steal the theme. Cosmothe's never play. Simon and pooling goal's greatest hits. Now that's Mr. DeBard. He's record and hits. Then I'd say I love it. I'm just obsessed with bowling. I think I'm going through my second half. I just love it. He's played well. I don't like bowling. It's an asshole. I mean, communist. Comey, Pinko, go to be deported immediately with not sooner. 74 votes on air already. If the election were right now, who'd you vote for? Howard Dean 57. I wouldn't vote 10. George W. Bush only 7. Oh man. Eric, you're the best man. Eric immediately emailed me to result from yesterday's pool. Although I don't have the percentages. You can do it. Oh, I could do it but I'm not going to do it though that quick. Because it's not an even number. Anyway, 280 votes yesterday. Well, on Wednesday, 10 candidate got 52.3%. Wouldn't vote 24.4% in George W. 23.2%. Out of 266 votes. Yesterday, we wound up with 280 votes. Wesley Clark 195. George W. 45 wouldn't vote 40. So Wesley Clark did considerably better than Teddy. But then again, Wesley Clark didn't kill anybody. Well, not by accident anyway. And today, so far out of the first 74 votes, Howard Dean's got 57.77%. Wouldn't vote 13.5% in George W. As measly seven votes representally 9.4%. Here's a fact that says, besides Robert Tommer dying. Here are a couple of other famous names. Remember of Lee Marvin's duty doesn't. Tom Busby, Canadian activist known for his role as Milo Vladik in the duty doesn't also appear at Canadian TV. And it films like The War Love and Heavenly Pursuits. Kind of a heart attack September 20 and Glasgow Scotland aged 67. Remember him? No. I remember Jim Busby used to play centerfield for the Washington Senators. I remember Ruth Busby. And Bernard Manishevitz. Oh no. Oh my god, not Erica Rushshara. Really? Not V Manishevitz. Bernard Manishevitz, president and owner of the kosher foods company, V Manishevitz. Oh, we can say is, which was founded by his grandpa 1988 in his known for its wine and mutsa. And who became the last generation to earn a company as he sold to investors in 1991. Not one. That September 20th of a heart problem heart disease in Verona, New Jersey age 89. And it says, oh, V is what it says here. V. Or V. He's dead today. Wow, they're dropper like flies man. Just watch it. Everybody be extra careful these days. We don't want you to get nervous or anything like that. But they're droppin' like flies. So Robert Palmer's the dad of a heart attack. Yeah, or is it in Paris? On a wonder. Yeah, probably it's some of that heavy French food. Don't you think? At least the ability to send a picture of Phyllis's hole. Rocks in your Robert Palmer known for his sharp suits and his hits include including addicted to love, died Friday in Paris of a heart attack as Manishevitz said he was 54. Nobody did like Robert Palmer. I mean, not everybody thought he was all that great, but I mean, nobody didn't like him. Just fine. Hey, who's fine? Palmer was on a tube day break in Paris following a television recording session in Britain, his manager, Mick Carter said from the French capital. In the 1980s, Palmer became a superstar with singles which also included simply irresistible, accompanied by slick videos featuring these smartly dressed Palmer with a backup band of attractive women all in black outfits and glossy makeup. A side project, Power Station formed an 85-a-John Taylor and Andy Taylor of the 80s super group Durand Durand Square 3 Westopton hits including communication and ginnidon. The son of a British naval officer Palmer was a member of several British rock bands before he hit the big times of the solar artist he lived in Switzerland the past 16 years. I'll be damned, Spights. I know idea. What do you like better Spights or Shwarts? Known for his GQ sense of style Palmer was named Best Rest Mail Artist by Rolling Stone in 1990. The addicted to love video with its mini-screened model strumming guitars as Palmer sang, became one of MTV's most played clips in Spark Pro Test from some feminist. Well screw them, okay? You nasty, smartly bitches with your smelly hole. God, that's pathetic. Well, what's the big deal with that? Oh, is that not gonna? Huh? It was sexist, don't you know. I'm not gonna attach in a proper significance to it because at the time of nothing, I just have to become an iconic look Palmer once out of the video. Get his first hit album in single sneak in Sally through the alley in 1974. What was it doing Sally in the alley? Yeah, the back alley. In his 20s Palmer worked with the number of small-time bands including Da Da, Vinn Grigio and the Alan Bone band, Boun, B-O-W-N, how do you say that? Boun? Sure what, Boun? Occasionally appearing at opening acts for big draws including the Who In Jimmy Hendrix. Palmer once confessed he wasn't attracted to the excesses of Rock and Rolls start him. I love the music, but the excesses of Rock and Roll never really appealed to me at all. He said I couldn't see the point of getting up in front of a lot of people when you weren't in control of your wits. It was noted for dressing up and being somewhat restrained. I don't want to be heavy. He said an interview with the Rolling Stone magazine. I don't want to be heavy. He's not heavy. I don't either. He's my brother. I can't think of another and that was who did that. He's the hooting that. The hollies. The hot, very good. That was excellent. It was the hot. I was just thinking of the yellow label. That's sad. I don't know. I was just thinking of the yellow label on the 45. I can't think of another attitude to have to annoy inst in a hopeful and positive one. He said that that includes such unfashionable things as sentimentality. Well, I can afford it said the late Robert Palmer, who's dead. Damn it. The good people are dead people. The bastards did live forever. They just live on. I just like my father. Live till 90 miserable, rotten, bastard. Cold as ice. Right? Speaking of foreigner. I will get to the main pole of the day other than the Beatles of the Stones who's your all-time favorite rock group. Now that was inspired. What inspired me of that? Yeah, somebody said something. Oh. Oh, no, it was about to foreigner thing the other day. Right. That call we had and I couldn't understand what the guy was saying. That's right because he was a foreigner. Well, like everybody in South Florida, if you're not a foreigner, you ain't Schmidt. Did my suesian those bumpers, did his urmaine a foreigner, you ain't Schmidt? Anyway, I got a short list of six years so far. That was Smith foreigner, EL. Oh. Doris Beach Boys and Eagles, is my short list so far? I had it to the cards. You had it to cards? I love E-elos. They're not my favorite as you know. I like it too. I don't want to admit that. Yeah, George Washington too, but it's not mandatory for me. All I call set-home stuff. Yeah, what does that be going on? I think he said he did Sally and the alley. A lot of people doing Sally and the alley. So anyway, what was that about Phyllis's hole? What did you say after Beach Boys? I said Eagles and the cards. Okay. Aerospace foreigner, EL. Oh, this pulling going to go for a while. Okay, meantime, the votes are pouring in on a presidential poll. They're pouring, man. 110 votes and Howard Dean's got 84. 76.3% W is got 13. I wouldn't vote 13. Lemon. 0.8% reach side by each. There's a fact that says I have a feel good story about it. Capitalized now. Well, that's good, but let me do the break first. And we'll hear the field. We like a feel good story. Don't worry. 10 27 at 5. 60 WQM happy Friday. Nice going, Marlins, baby. Nice going South Florida almost 32,000 in a ring. About time, despite what Jim Sarny says, making excuses people watching free on TV. Anybody can do that Sarny, you'd have a crap. Hey, you want to plunge on a game this weekend or any other time VIPsportswork.com at a people you can trust. These are the people you ought to be doing business with because they're the needle ends. Oldest and largest sportsbook that nettle ends. Holland, Amsterdam, you know, generally like, yeah, right there in the whatever that place is. What is it? Then we'll see. Anyway, 99% of those other bookies you keep hearing about are located in the jungles of some 85th World country. You'll be lucky to ever see your money again. So move up a class this year and do business with people you can trust you can count on VIPsports book. Come to make a long story short. There's South Florida's best. Son up now. You can bet all the South Florida basketball and football teams do free all year long. You want to bet on the dolphins? Well, good luck to you. It's 100. You want to bet on the hurricanes when they're playing under little girls blind team. It's 100. So forget about the vigorous. All Sarny's get a 20% cash bonus. Not some funny money screwed up match play. Not only baloney bonus, a real legitimate honest to God, 20% cash bonus. VIPsportsbook.com that's where you look for online are column toll free and be sure much you need to hear about it here on gambling obsessive QAM1866 VIP bets. That's one 866 VIP bets VIP sportsbook.com where you do be the VIP. Formal fear where just living life go away we want to. You come on games and that's all where people say most nasty nasty things they do. It's come on games and that's all. It's just something they can't prove. Hey man, streamers dress up all in drag. It's so sad. They're the ones that make us all the bad. Also bad. We're just living life the way we want to. If you come on game, and that is all, if what they say those nasty things they do, it's because I'm gay and that is all, but it could be so hard Inside you, oh yes, so so hard inside you, inside you, inside you, inside you, Welcome! Whoa, whoa, whoa! 1033 at 550W and 140W are buddy, and I'd present some pull. How are deans kicking ass baby? had 69% and why did not make that number up? 69% and George W had 14. That's not right though. Because 40, well whatever it is, he had he said that 69% is right, whatever Bush had a little more than that. Anyway today, Howard Deans got 147 of the first 147 votes at 72.7%, he's doing the best of the three so far, even better than General Clark who never killed anybody. George W's got 22, 14.9%, I wouldn't vote 18, 12.2%. Well, what about those I wouldn't vote people? What are they waiting for? You know? Almost seriously, every day it's like there's a whole bunch of those. I mean, not the gigantic number, but what are they waiting for? I know. They're waiting for me to run. Maybe they wait for Jewish New Year. That could be it, maybe they're waiting for Rush Hashama and Brittany Manishavets to bring over to wine. Try the wine. Here's a stuttering kill on homestead has a real nice feel good facts. Nice going kill. I have a feel good story about it, Kaplan. Last night I won four tickets from Hank Goldberg, but I had to be there before 60 PM living with a cows and homestead made it almost impossible to be there on time. I showed up at your station at 7 PM. The orifice was closed, but at Kaplan said they not get the studio door. I told him I want some tickets from Hank, but since I live in our way, we wasn't able to make it on time. But Mr. Kaplan looked around a studio, found my tickets. By the way, thanks to Muffer, it's $250 check for a band of per rescue. Thanks to Hank Mr. Kaplan and WQM, I was able to take my son. It was first baseball game last night. Thanks WQM's a stuttering kill in homestead. Nice going kill. And nice choice too. Last night, Marlon's beaten the philly Z to four. Didn't I tell for all we were going to sweep that series the other day. Scott? Yes, you did. Nobody believed me. I said if it was a piece of smell of man, it's personally at home. They're on fire at home. You can smell it. You can feel it whether you're a fan or not, whether you like want to be a pop on a parade. You want to pee on a parade. Makes no difference. You can smell them all the way up here. Including those four homeruns by Carlos Delgado last night in the Skydon. Nobody cares about what? He said how about that. Nobody cares about it because it's, you know, it's an meaningless game. I mean, it was a great accomplishment. It was great feet. Even George City like Carlos feet. Who? Carlos remember him? 161 votes and Howard Dean's gotten nearly 73% so far. He demand Howard Dean. W is a has been. He's going to get kicked by Howard Dean. You'll see. Of course the establishment wants Wesley Clark because he's, you know, he's more maliable. Did it what I mean? Nope. Here's a call from Hialia. Hello. Why are you so miserable? Yeah. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello? Yes, sir. Thank you. How you doing? Pretty good. Good. How about a diamond tower top? How about him? A four to four. Oh, I know. I'm right back. I'm right at that. Oh, I'm just writing to take it off. You're a fake. There's a bulletin for you. I'm a fake. I think only fags like Metallica. I'm sure they told me that up front. Yeah. Don't you think only fags are in the Metallica? Really tough. Good. It's a good cover. 560, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T. What is it with South Florida? They're like, surely they're good. I'm ready for them. I don't care. Bring it on. 560, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T. You're a fake. Yeah. Well, congratulations to me. I'm pretty proud of it myself. Here's a four-later nail, hello. Come on. Maybe this is somebody in a better frame of mind. Yes, sir. But we've better hoat that boat. Come on. Come on. Yes. My name's Ert. And I saw that the mom and her holiday blonde. The NFL wow, Kurt. The NFL. We're going to have to not in the NFL. So get lost. Start your old fart. All right. Go cover the sports show. It was okay. Didn't I tell you to put any hundred year old, although that was good. I'm glad. Nice. Which you like me to screen him again? No, no, no. I love that was good. That was excellent. The Marlins of Auburni won the NFL wild card. The only problem is they're not in the NFL. They're the national baseball league. But that's okay. I hope you have a good ball movement this weekend. Art. You old fart. Go start. Take him away. In a card. Now we love art till death to us. Hey, speaking of that moment of salute. I suck in my ass this morning. Have he do the unashrucked. Believe it. This new friend, the arrogate. I'm going to take him to the zoo because you or I'm like, he's like my grandfather. Guilty had a good life. He says well, which one is really the grandfather? He will fart. That was good. Nice going, Guilty. Of course, Guilty. You know, he goes whichever way to win blows. That's the way. That's a really easy way to solve that whole. He's like a read in the wind. Think. Speaking of read, how what thing is that? Who's older thing? Oh. Just plop your driver's license is down. Up that he would. But now you already know my birthday was November 5th. I know you already know the story. No exactly. Hold on almost 61. I'm an old fart. I'm not going to lie about my age. I will. When I come there, I'll be more than delighted to put my driver's license aside by each with his. The only problem is now you're given him plenty of time to get a phone. Yeah. Oh, yeah. How good are more of those places where all the kids go to get phone ID. You know, only in his case. To usually old for it's okay. But in his case, he's still doing it. Am I right? I knew you'd do it. That's why I'll be not going to post personal money. More Howard David. Now that we're bonding, we have this tremendous tight friendship, man. Tight. Not as tight as fill as. Here's North Miami. Hello. Yes sir. We. How do thanks for calling lady a little medley of Shane. This is what he is who that was. So, talking to a tin can. Why didn't realize that it was going to be chronic hysterical Friday. This is great. I didn't get the memo either. Oh, my God. We must have missed that. They must have passed it right on by us. The memo. This is chronic obnoxious hysterical Friday to which we say. Oh, right. Yeah. I like it. 172 votes. Now let's see. We got to be 280 that we did yesterday for the actual number. We won't do it because Friday for some reason is. I don't know. What is it about Fridays? I don't see Mondays. Mondays and Friday. It's just suck. Monday to the weekend. The week. Never. And then Friday. I've never been able to figure it out. Maybe we can offer to week in every. There. They're bailing. School and off. 179 votes. 11.1% 20. So I wouldn't vote. 28. They vote for George W. They 15.6%. And Howard Dean. He demand 131. 73.1% for president Dean. And local. This is for three. And he's a teacher. And when he's a lawyer. And baby. Come play with these two. She's a perfect Nazi. Who likes the flasher fancy. When she's going to go down. She's hanging like the straw. Me on right. And cultless rancids. And cultless rancids. Snatch. Imagine what you can catch. From in cold first snatch. Not a rea. Scratches with a brush. She'd bang the roll though. And ill march. You'll never get thrudge. And cultless rancids. Snatch. And cultless rancids. Snatch. A swirl of the pool of crap. And cultless rancids. Snatch. And puns your noise. You're leaking out her voice. You're walking with the deal of dough. And then you're going to be on that whole pool that we take next time. Oh, I'm going to stick about that. But you're too tall. Oh, and speaking of that. I think I know who else could probably beat bush hands down his pants. I know. You think of when. Yeah. I'm not right. Uh, 24 oats already. Howard Dean's got 148 of them. 72.5 percent. W's got 32.15.6 percent. I wouldn't vote. 24 11.7 percent. I think about 10 percent out there. Wouldn't vote no matter what. Right. Right. At least. Like. Like that. Asoles. Not that voting is usually worthwhile. But in this particular case next year it's going to be mandatory. You got your choice. You need to like goose step or like run. 5.670560 pound five 60 got some bad news by the way before we take any more calls. Bad news. What? Another hangup for do not call just when we talked to Congress was with that overwhelming suckest and you had the wrong numbers by the way. The house voted 412 to 8th and the set of voted 95 to 0. I don't give a crap. They changed their vote. For a curse one page will authorize in the if they see do not call his butt. And of course I'll present his just anxious foaming at the mouth of sign that but. Minutes after both houses of Congress concluded a remarkable scramble yesterday to make a popular do not call registry pass muster with a federal judge. A second judge ruled that the program had deeper problems. It violated the telemarketers first amendment rights. Oh brother. And because of the fact that the telemarketers are panicking the word I get from my house down there is like now it's 10 calls a day. They're foaming at the mouth to try to get all of their calls before the deadline. The ruling by U.S. District judge Edward Nottingham and Denver headed the telemarketing industry at second legal victory this week and put in doubt the future of FTC's national registry. Although Nottingham's ruling is certain to be appeal league-like spritz said it at the very least it would delay implementation of the program which was supposed to start next Wednesday was supposed to start. The judge ruled that the registry violated the free speech rights to telemarketers because it barred them but not charities posters or political campaigns for making unsolicited calls. More than 50 million phone numbers have been registered on list to be off limits to most telemarketers. Noting that popularity the head of the nation's largest direct marketing group asked its five thousand members not to call anybody on the list regardless of its legal fate. We're not looking to ignore the wishes of consumers said direct marketing association president H. Robert Weinson. I'm wondering if the because it doesn't really say. Tarradies I guess it's not going to stop the cops from calling you know which is always very intimidating. I'm calling for the fraternal order of police and we want your money you know and we have your number we know where you live. Uh-huh. Yeah, not that it's intimidating or anything like that. But I just mentioned it. So now this is in limbo again. It's in limbo once again. Just when we thought we had a little bit of freedom we had a little privacy at our homes that people are going to like terrorize us and our goddamn phones. And no, here's another goddamn judges is oh well, I can't violate their right of free speech. I thought there was such a thing as like you know you're right to privacy and your own goddamn home and like peace of mind all of these things. Right not to be bothered. Right not to be bothered by a bunch of grave robbers pedaling cramp. I rather have Ron Popeil call, you know, at least that would be fun. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Please tell us about your greatest adventure. You do this. I actually do like once every year. It's the time you had a day with that chick at Michigan State when you got drunk. Nah, I get out of here. It's so boring. Yeah, I get a life man. Get something new. Oh, I don't like old and stale. It's meld old and stales matter fact. Yeah, that's so boring. What is wrong with these people today, huh? Man, oh man. I think we're like way ahead of them things are going a little bit too good. They can't handle prosperity and stuff. They don't like that. They like misery. They love it. They thrive on it. They pray for it. 56060 what other than the Beatles are the stones, you're all time favorite rock group. The runners. You're a cold as ice. Yeah, four years on it. And also, I'm just going to play E. L.O. All the right. I love you a lot. Spiriting these calls were getting so far. They suck. Oh man. This could be the best song that was ever made, you know? You don't think? There's an yellow song I like better, but I like this a lot. It's one of them. Yes. It's right in there. I don't want to step on it, but I think I'm going to anyone. Is that no idea? How do you talk this thing up, you know? It's coming around. It's coming. It's coming. It's coming. It's coming. It's coming. It's coming. Okay. Have you been alright? Yes. Oh, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly. That's a loony. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm just going to play E. A little E. L. All the other. I got one. Asked about it yesterday. The one found it today. They never played this one already. Much. If I wasn't in confusion. Confusion? Yeah. It's confusing. Anyway, as we added McTalk on it, and we're probably going through another 85 or 90 more calls. Then we'll get somebody else that's got one. That's good. As opposed to just a list of a lawn-reelist of names. You know, nobody wants to hear that. It's boring. Maybe I'll even tell you that story again about our lean and the grass or Michigan State. What do you think? No. What's wrong with it? It tells the story about when you poop your pants. No. Oh, I like this a lot. Yeah. Oh. Like I said, that could be the best song ever done. Which we'll simple about the dos. I couldn't watch. Anyway, sitting there on air, we'll add some more names on that group. We got plenty of time. Like about the eight minutes before we get started. And then once we get it started, it's going to be air scots, a very important business. Take care of the day, right? I think he's getting a little update. It just might be a bit more updated than we now. But he gets around because he's got some more important money making things. This is like small potatoes. 241 votes, not too bad on our presidential poll today. I think we're going to beat that to 80 that we hate yesterday. If he acts me, in fact, I'm refreshing it now. It's 245. If the election were right now two days, and these were the choices for whom would you be Houghton. Howard Dean 176 nearly 72 percent. George W. Bush 40 16.3 percent. I wouldn't vote 29, which is nearly. That's 11.8 percent. The first 245. Robert Palmer's dead by the way. That's the bad news. Good news is, Marlins, one last night. They got at least a little get and they got it. All they got to do is win one out of three or Houston's got to lose something. That's all. They're in. Like the guy said before old art, who just turned 110. They won the NFL wild card. Nice going, Art. I think they want to stand the cup tonight. Is that what they once got? Sure. Last night. And I think art is skating on tonight's. Here's the call from beautiful Blinken Beach, hello. Pretty good sir. All right. I'm heading down to steam. You get some tickets. Are you going to just slap me now? What is it? Play off tickets for the ball. Yeah. Yeah. There's a, you've found it right now. I'm ending open to gates in 10 o'clock this morning. I'd haul my ass right down there now. All right. All right. Okay. Five, six, seven, five, 60, pound five, 60. What do you think there's long lines here? What? How's it looked to me like there was rain on it? Think I looked at the arridar on the scum sentence. Was radar a little while ago? Yeah. Are you following this? Are you just laying out? No. I'm waiting for the rest of it. You're watching the snow. Come on. I'm looking at the radar right now. And let me take a, let me update it on my screen here. Okay. Hit the animation on. I'm checking it out. I like that. That's big. And there's heavy duty rain, but in South day, not nowhere is near. It's like a little pee in it. It's like pee in just a little bit up near the stadium. I don't know what direction that's going in. But unless it's going like northeast, which I doubt. Huh? That could have usually been a fucking father. I'm into the Atlantic. Because down like south of Hylia, and lucky in the geables and cutler rage in the coconut grove and the homestead, and the environments in the P-Rion, those places, it's like a son of a bitch because God's pretty pissed off at him. People anyway. Especially in the geables where there are much of fashes. Oh, please put Van Halen on. List, ah, Jesus Christ. Are we going to go back with that again when Van Halen? Oh, we're going to hear some wonderful groups today. From Charles and Fort Lovative Beach. Okay. You got to Charlie. Okay. It tastes as in your push. I mean, a greatest other than the beat of the stones. Your all time favorite rock group is Van Halen. Oh, I'm going to try to let's a free country. At least this week. So I'm looking at that map. It's got like greens and blues and movie blues on come here. Oh, how about the movie blues? There you go. Huh? We're talking about. We have something to book it across there. Moody blues. Good group. Oh, the punch don't have any idea who that is. Nope. Why is that I wonder? Ah, they're old. Well, so the doors, doors, were old and more than done. How many years ago? I've heard a man. Yeah. Eagles, Eagles are old. Yeah. I mean, ours. Jesus Christ. How many years ago was their last son? About third man. Yeah. So what does old have to do with it? Steve Carter just turned 97. He's old. He's still kicking ass. Oh, that's so good. That's such a great song. He just never, I don't know why. He'll never really get the credit and the place in music history. Let he deserves. Jim Morrison. Why is that? To R.C. Part C? Sure. Oh, he was a poet. This song was R.C. Fart C? You heard great men through the talk. Oh, yeah. That came well. I thought it was done that day. That's what they wanted to come up with. They did music. Didn't even work. They were going to do it. It's suicide. That's it. Oh, it's dead, boys. Did you better sing a lot? Come on, come on, come on, come on. Not touch me, baby. Can't you see that I have that phrase? That's R.C. Fart C? Yeah. No, it's not. I'm going to pop it. The other start crazy. Touch me with an R.C. Fart C. They were an R.C. Fart C band. Okay. Is that a knock? Are you actually sitting there? I love the New Wars. Oh, my God. George is this in the doors, man. Why would you say that? There's a door right across from you there. And the way I'm starting to think right now. I heard the local of this. This is five, six years. There are years over yours. Oh, my God. George is this in the doors, man. Why do you ask to? Oh, don't be fooled by the rocks in my pants. I'm chiny with the big fat for the reek and I got a secret You might not understand. I'll bet you didn't know I'm really a man. A shake-leaf, whatever you can do, you'll chuck. But I'm still known as the girl from the block. For me, my money and that. But very little know that I have a thing. I started to think like this in my teens. But I think I could book a queen with just some caragines. They go on teach. My body's way around it. Like that, George, you I'm a manly man. That's not cottage cheese on my can. I got my way back there in the gem. My hair is real. Give it a squeeze. And my hair, too. I do look better, cap my husband and advice. But I got a little cold. So I don't have a choice. I like this surprise and the eyes of the boys When they get a load of items, I'm circumcised toy. Nothing else is going to know harmonies. But I'm the mine clothes. But rest is me. Don't be fooled by the rocks in my pants. I'm gently with the big pet color. Reekend. I gotta see if you may not understand. I bet you didn't know I'm really a man. A shake-leaf, whatever you can, who'll you chuck. But I'm still known as the girl from the block. For me, my money and that. But very little know that I have a big, true living. She's a guy who would have strapped on. I believe, 1102 is 560. That would be QM. Maybe that's why pens get a little bit nervous. You think? About 1. 282 votes. We did it. We actually exceeded the yesterdays to 8. Oh, 22. How are D.197. 69.8%. A little bit better than Wesley Clark did yesterday. Although, no. Not marginally. George W. 40.16.3%. And yesterday, he had what? It about 16%. And I wouldn't vote 39.13.8%. How did he say? How did he say? How did he say? How did he say? How did he say? How did he say? How did he say? How did he say? How did he say? How did he say? How did he say? How did he say? How did he say? How did he say? How did he say? How did he say? How did he say? How did he say? How did he say? How did he say? How did he say? How did he say? How did he say? How did he say? How did he say? How did he say? How did he say? How did he say? Where did he say it? How did he say? How did he say? How did he say? How did he say? Hare let's read the reading one another only. Hare let's read the writing one another only. Hare let's read the reading one another. Hare let's read the reading one another. Uh-huh. Uh, what do I have in my DCS here by super tramp? In the DCS? Yeah, from Agnodea. Good by Stranger. Do you think that's in there? If you put it in there, I have it on the same thing. Maybe if you don't. Maybe if you don't. Oh, maybe if you don't. No. Goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye. Oh, there's time medicine again. Goodbye. I don't think goodbye Stranger's in here. But I do have something from Agnodea nearby. What was the other one? It was in there. One? No? What is that? Super tramp. Super tramp. I'm talking about it. It's in there. I put the old Amsona in there. But I can't find the damn thing. Oh, wait. Oh, my. Maybe it's in there. Maybe it's in there. I'll find it. And the Alan Parsons project, the old brown eye in the sky. Oh, I love the alarm. Oh, geez. Police says too hard to pick one. Lots, too. That's a good, though. I wrote them both. You read them both, huh? Yes. OK. So that 29 is the final total. 69.8% for Howard Dean 202 George W 46, just under 16%. Pretty lame. I wouldn't vote 41.14. 1%. Anyway, somebody told Miss Fudge that Robert Palmer died because the whole Fudge report this morning is busy tied up with the Robert Melon's scape Richard Melon's scape scrap. Whatever his name is. About Wesley Clark. And he said this way. Praise the boy. That's a whole thing. Just how does it feel this to be a lemon to be just used, Matt, Miss Fudge? You're a little silly goose. You silly little faggot. You little wimp. You fruit fly. You butterfly and heat. God. Hold them website is taken up on all this crap. Not come Wesley Clark because they're they're crap in their pants. Now all these right wingers that the Democrats actually are going to have a candidate who can win. And they're just new. Huh? He will. Anybody that run? Except for Lieberman. Will win. Julie or Van eight running? Especially on Russia. Trana. Oh, today I'm going to take that in just like to have the. Huh? He's slumping. Can you imagine if they would have the debate on your mcpore? Oh, you made it. He's running against all of his orthodox Jews and cucks off. He's all that crap. He'd have been thrown still. Montevall. I hear that Joe has steel balls. Here's a call from Papino. Hello. And you. Yes sir. I've got a stomach if you. Yeah. But I'll obey. Yeah. I want to put it in the air. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay, Neil. You know what I say, don't you? No. Open and check. Yeah. I come back to the color from the other side. Okay, won't man. Pretty lame. Pretty weak. I thought it was somebody doing a forlumitation. I thought it was p-p-d-lany again. Doing a bed scuffer element. Are you going to be my six? What was it? That was going to be my guess. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. Wireless line. Here's a call from prestigious. Hello. Yes, for I just. Yeah. Another funny call. This is David Boy. Yeah. Okay. Cox the Haze. Why? What are you making the gutterable noises about there? Wrong. Here's Miramar. Hello. Yes sir. Hi. Hi. This is your more. I'm calling for the last time. I'll be moving back to Philadelphia once on the. Oh, right. Congratulations, dear sir. Yeah. I even know what's silly. But I mean, if you love drugs, you'll love silly. Say the high, the Gene Hart's body. But I just wanted to say. I'm sorry. I want to say something about the power Dean. I mean, I know he's got balls and everything. And I like the guy. But he looks inferred and Al Gore. That's possible. And I really, you know, with the intelligence of the average American, they're going to vote for a guy. They'd rather have a couple calls for your beer with. Yeah. He's not warm and fuzzy. He's atleast me. Yeah. I think I didn't care. I'm supposed to let him live. I'm supposed to let him live. I'm supposed to let him live. It's not me. I'm supposed to let him live. I'm supposed to let him live. I'm supposed to let him live. I'm supposed to let him live. You're supposed to let him live. That's why I didn't vote for Bush. He seemed like the core got to hang with me. And I think that's put a boil down to a lot of people along with all the crap they could. So who do you see there yesterday if you saw him. That debate who you thought was warm and fuzzy. God of be set out. Pragey. Well my name is Clark because he might not be, you know, I don't know, he might not have a big person. I mean, he's more of a middle-rounder. I think the right way or is my settle for him or whatever, but I think that, you know, he'll grab a lot of the Albuvots because he's a military man who can come and push on his bulls. I never killed anybody right. I take Kennedy. Okay, good luck in Powell. Have a great life. Okay. Well, I mean, there was just like a long pause there and I think he was trying to say. Goodbye. Good bye. Say, baby. Goodbye. Here's a facts from Jerry and but he distrains his a chronic facts. Here's his I'd like to suggest the band for your poll or the best rock bands or the Beatles and the stones I got it down. Although they had only one big hit single up on Griffa Creek. They were truly a great grassroots rock and roll band. All that anyone has to do is watch the DVD of the last Walsh concert to fully appreciate how great this band is. Says Jerry. You appreciate how great this band is? They were okay. They were okay. It says I guess I should say how great this band was since Robbie Robertson the group leader of the opportunity movie soundtracks and their bass player and keyboard player are dead. Anyone of their albums is a standout piece of work. This was not a boy band. All five members played made different instruments. The they had three lead vocalists which gave this group a unique sound. Where in the hell is music gone while steering beneath a springstone? They didn't go on solo. Everybody had a solo. I'm crossing USA. Oh, then everybody beats. Like California. But that's California. See, that's why the Beast Boys ain't too big anymore. They didn't know how to set California. Then say right. Like Arnold. That to me is just it's mind blowing. It's just it's astonishing to me that anybody could take him seriously. Much less vote for him for dog catcher. Oh, no. Arnold's got now the GOP support me on Arnold is solidifying behind Arnold and they're going to put them over. Because once again, he merking public is going to be shown that right wing for Business and Lunatics on the extreme right can manipulate the electoral process. Harvard and how they want. Oh, you want the election in California. What will show you will have another election? And then we'll put in some group ball, some movie star and some little Rejects and we'll take it right out of your hands. I hate that when they take it right out of your hands. Andy and Miami says although I can name you about oh yeah, I guess who. I'm going to play some guess who I think. Good. Just a little I don't want to play too much of any of this because when I play music, man, that's You into this crowd. The fact that that's what turns about. Oh, like like what? Like a boy. You see him wearing their bag. You're wrong. You're absolutely wrong. Okay. I have three CD ultimate collection. It's awesome. Please play Russia. Son on on of the New Year. Says Andy Miami. Okay, Andy's got it. We'll play it if you have stayed. But on up junior. Let's see. Oh, and appearance today. Would you cost? Wow. We last time raised a few bucks. I've turned him in for our best to deal. But Joe's going to do a right thing to show today. And the appearance too. Noon to two. At comp USA, 111 70 Weston rise bulletin plantation. Right there in your hood. Right there in my neighborhood. That's a good spot. It is a great spot. Right near my bank. Oh, when you go by my bank, give him a little raspberry for me. Okay. Well, I got them straight enough. They'd like to watch over you, money for a while. Without paying you no interest. I'd like to watch over it to get no interest. Anyway, best in the old 2002 2003 CDs cassettes. The more Howard David and keychains. And the spade and spin the wheel for Marlon tickets and grand pre tickets too. I mean like that. And so far our total. That's looking up a little bit 25,000, four ten. What's wrong with that? Well, I mean, it's a week later than I wanted to. But we're starting a little. Remember, those are just the practice month. Anyway, that's just gravy. Boy, oh boy, too bad about that scar on your cheek. What about it? Is there any scar on it? You know, Aaron, gravy? Nope. I'd like to. Anyway, so 25,410 joke us. There will be the Rakaapu essay. Noon the two day. I have all our merchandise. Let's get with it. Okay. It's about time to quit dick it around and get with it. Reach down deep. I mean, you know, that town's just not big enough for more than one jiffermer. Oh, boy. We're supposed to be in a spicy slur. Oh, you a-yeah. There, back, your favorite Jewish rock and roll the stars your man. It's Russia, Shana, not with their famous, that's album, suck up at the synagogue. My love, I bet you've put in suspense with me. I love you, my love, my love, my love. Yes, Russia, Shana, not as reformed to bring you 12. This well, kosher cuts up happen, he bruh hikes you. Let go. Oh, boy. Isn't good for you. This album should be in every orthodot rockers collection. Rolling stone gives it five stars of tape and tape. The love and never and never and never. Who wrote the book of joke. Sidehop is the synagogue. Who's new from Russia, Shana, not available in all records stores. We'll come try this one again here. So pass over this album. 1118 at 5.60, Japping New Year from all your good, the Glace, your friends at QAM. And Greg Reed speaking to Glyham, came in again this morning. Cool, Greg, are congratulate us yesterday, actually. Oh, whenever it was on our trends again. First time was enough, Greg. And yes, we are still going to get our keeper in your hand. We like it. We enjoy it. Did he bring a check for a band and pep rest you like could duck to this morning? No, no. Just checking. This causes Amsterdam, hello. Couldn't wagon. Put them on. How you doing? Are you actually an Amsterdam? I'm on the dam rack. I'll be there. You didn't see that by the mark he's by any chance? I read across the street from Beir's Van Belaga. A big you're pardon? Beir's Van Belaga. Straight on the dam rack. What the hell is that? I don't know. It's big is building there on the right. How about the client course, the big department store, you hear that? Yeah, that's just north of it. Right. No, it's not north of it. It is like down by Rembrandt's plan. But anyway, so what's the weather like over there? Beautiful. It was about 65 today. Oh, okay. Like upper 30s at night. It's been great here. I spoke to you the other day and I heard you say after I got off the phone with you, what airline I was flying over. But I flew Virgin Atlantic into London. Oh, because they're the best. They are? Yeah. Could've fooled me. Really? You must've flown at, I sure hope you didn't fly that premium economy. Yes, I did. You did? Yeah, what a waste. Oh, brother. It was good the first time a couple of years ago, but this time they've got different airplanes. It's not up to snuff. It was okay. I'm always nervous about flying there. I would've got somebody who had a big clown on the side of the plane. I was nervous about that. You know, got laughing. Yeah, it was, it was a good flight though. And I'm flying back to the same, but I'm getting, I got a 747 coming back. So I know the premium economy is better on the same thing. Oh, yeah, we probably get your massage. Now, what's the deal? Where are you staying in Amsterdam? You know, where the Delta, I stayed there last time. It's right on the right on the square, right on the rack. Little Delta who tell one of those things about three years. Oh, yeah. And by the way, speaking of the Delta who tell the best exchange rate in the city is that little currency of exchange right there. Yeah, I know what you mean. Although you won't, it hasn't been great with, No, you won't like the exchange rate now, man. The euro with the American dollars falling again, like a rock. It's horrible. It was a dollar 22 to the euro. Yeah. Which I've bought last year was 95 cents to the euro. Mm-hmm. But yeah, it's fucked. They've taken you. But thanks to a Georgie boy. Yeah, he's doing it for us, man. Yeah, don't George. I've been hanging out at that 420 again, around the corner. Didn't bring me anything though, did you? Uh, I'm not back yet. Okay. Just so I'm inside your underpants, man. I'll never catch it. I got the, I got the next year, oozy. Yes. So, the American tourists that take a picture of me with my QAM T-shirt on in front of the, uh, the, uh, craze and the damn square. All right. That was, the grand craze. The grand craze. Mm-hmm. I don't know what's going on this weekend, but the place is, is it crowded there? Uh, yeah. Yeah. They said just, uh, but there's nothing happening, but the city is packed. Excellent. That's where I like it. Yeah. Things were good here. Last time I was here at a streets are torn up. It was a mess, but it's really nice and clean now. Outstanding. Well, listen, have a great time. Palmy, how long you gonna be there? Uh, two, uh, Wednesday, fly back, uh, I'll be back the end of next week. Just gonna take a couple other tours. I got, I got stop the New Jersey on the way back and see the folks. I'll be sure right, my name and all the appropriate spots have a great time. Don't keep smell. Okay. Don't keep that. See. Don't see. Don't. Don't keep smell like that. Sometimes we confuse it with mobs. Absolutely. It'll don't be smell. Somebody says, please add the great sound in the garb hug of your pole. Thank you. Frater when he says, most still sucks. I'm so lute. Okay. Thank you. Frater. By the way, let's go fishing. Arrow smits got eight. How do you like that? I'll do it. I'll do it. How do you like that? Other than the Beatles are the stones, your favorite all-time rock group. Arrow smith eight, doors four, eagles three. Eagle Street. Oh man, it's a lovely hoop. Got it. Fans got three, George, you were pooping the band. Got booty on. Who's that free? I think okay. Oh the hoop, how could he let go of the hoop? Who? Something wrong with the world today. I don't know what it is. I don't know. Something's wrong with eyes. Oh, great. Like. The same thing is in a different way. Got those and they get it. It's showing those surprise. No. Go! We're living on the house. I'll tell you what, just might be the best song of all time. You could be the possibility. I'll put it to be bad if we've got a band going on. I think it's just might be the long. Have you been around the long? Have you done your share of common now? No. What's different is that you have just been able to do it? Have you been away? I don't know. You might as well just hear that we're like an afterthought, ACDC and a guess who at the Estone's concert here a few weeks ago. Remember the gigantic thing? Affirmative people? No incidents? No boisterous list? No crap? Nothing. Just everybody having a good old Canadian gay old time. I'd be like their maples. I keep saying that again. What is calling Paul that's bad? And your cities were being prepared to be turned over. Yeah. That's what Hitler said, too. Wasn't it? Or cities were prepared to be turned over like, you know, Warsaw, Paris, Paris, Amsterdam, speaking of that. And you got brothers and sisters who can't. But what's going to happen to you? You got a really bad phone. But who's come? I'll be there to shake your hand. She'll be out there to let her in. I can't, oh, Star Baby, that's not on here. Do you have that? No, I don't. God, why don't I love that song? You don't have Star Baby by the guess who? I wouldn't know where to find it. That could be the greatest song of all time, if you asked me. Ask me what the greatest song of all time is. What the, great, it might be Star Baby or could be. Oh, rock. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. There was a time when I was a broken hearted love was a much of a frame of mind. No. The chains of turn, the little of me and the ways I bought it. That kind of love was a cute guy. The little of me and the way I bought it was the one that came in this day. Are you sure? I know, I need to know what the hell I'm talking about. I can't. I can't. I can't. I think we're just playing a roast mental to a clock. I like it. I think it's a great idea. We doing it, but it sounds like a whale when I do it to me. I don't know. It's just, what's happening? What the hell is this? I can't. Oh, oh, oh, oh. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can. All this good, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah What it got, no can of us No can of us, life, what of us Giving high on the back of the bush Just him and Moses, giving stone All right, all the great and pursue role To get some better, you know, grow But the whole time that you take home So feel big about my lean on his throat No fun and fave in this yor 79 votes aerosmet Scott 12 doors 11 eagles 10 by the way, Jever get stone with Moses Metallica 7, no can of Halen 7, moody blues 6, the band 5, EL 5, Beach Boys 5, cars 4 George The cars the doors The hotel pipes The hoods Fourner 3, guess who to super-tramp on the rearview mirrors don't have any Ellen Parsons project one Hollies don't have none Cindy says city says hi Mike and also a power station on our Robert Palmer We can't say no to that can we but we see it and reports the pizza delivery man we were talking about this before to show now was probably a victim It took him all this time to determine that he wasn't really a bank robber. He wasn't really on some kind of a plot And you don't notice that dead body that they found right to the floor to the floor to a sinister plan. Yeah They found a dead body, but they said it's just maybe a coincidence One thing all your little kids out there go over for you. You can always trust the FB Because there we know their crap in fact, I think crap is the minimum name the B and FBI stands for bullshit They don't much think about it How did this come from the guy who I would have this show come from came from that guy with a corner That was talking pop on everything That's what we're missing Got to read a lot Saturday Plus a goddamn Terry You idiot Jesus Bobby still on the land Underrated don't get as much credit the guess who and Chicago there's two groups who should know I mean just legendary just bigger than life itself But some I don't know what it is you know underrated just like you Morrison underrated Beatles in the stones sensational, but slightly overrated Right, so you're coming from the wall It's true more to life than them But Chicago I mean I would say But there like since he bigger than I'll see now the thing with the horns now you what was the one used about the doors you said they were like RT party artsy party other people have said Chicago there would be people say that too because they were like we all musicians from the junior at school above music in the year And it had like the whole the full orchestra would have filed a little bit then again ELO did that. It goes wrong with that I Guess they were RT party too. There are those people that don't like that Well school them if they look good Oh, I'll tell you I've never I have played it. I lied but boy. This is my favorite song of all time I just changed my mind How can you not that With a stick with my both eyes Much of time when I was playing music back in 1960 and I had a couple of things I was going to WTV has to be able to pop this song up I've never learned when you see what's going on Yeah, I've never did that Well, if ever this song was appropriate, you know it Oh, right See what's I started playing that I really have noticed our desktop because it's criminal It's just you just can't stop playing that, you know That way Robert Palmer's daddy was 54 and a heart attack in Paris I think the Lord was punishing him for going and conserving with those fraud those frogs Because we're supposed to date the French now aren't we? Both politically correct. I got that almost hate the French Right eat the rich hate the French five six seven five sixty pound five sixty so we got you cargo one there And I realized that the list will change whatever he gets around with We got the whole weekend so it's not like there's some emergency you can hop on here anytime You want don't forget we got a bigger parents today Joe Costello probably be more people of the appearance and be listed like it 430 and more than you that show because everybody's sloughing But that's the way it goes Joe Joe Costello today is he like alone out there is like Mark Eisenberg with him or like Miguel They would say Mark Eisenberg and I'm sure it's going to be Miguel Miguel involved in all of them Yeah, so Joe and Miguel Joe and Miguel. There you go There's a little something for everybody Joe is in the know he's got the big nose and a girl's got the big hose Noon the two Joe Costello comp USA 111 70 Weston rise bullet of our implantation right out there My neck of which right by the watch over your money bank right by the what else is right there What's that restaurant I did it Michael's? Well, you're going like that. I've never eaten there never invited me Michael's a Fort Latterdale. I believe he's got a joint there Tying and what's that thing in front of there that you was like a it's a betting place now What's out there that used to be they used to be a Boston market a betting place like on that was giant or something? Yeah, exactly used to be a Boston market for a few days Not totally man and they said, oh, we can't figure out what we want to be here. See that was the problem with Boston market Anyway, they'll have diversity in the LCDs and cassettes and how we're not that Boston markets out of business I shouldn't say like in the past tense, but that's the problem. I still perceive that is that you know You walk in there. You know what to do Right I haven't been into what you know what I haven't been to one you want to meet loaf or how about some turkey and how about like three sides and two mains and a Partridge and a peritria it's just too hard to figure out what it's all about in there. You know it is confusing and I remember the one time I went in here. I got pissed off because the service was brutal and I made some comment and then I set it on the year and a manager Get all bent out of shape about it and then they went out of business So all I could say is yeah, there you go. Don't screw it. You old man Grandpa especially when I come to the zoo with my good buddy Mo Yeah Boston market. I mean the food was okay not that's sensational, but I would say it was okay. Okay for going But it was just too confusing. I want to go into a place. I like to figure out See I'm under those people if I walk in even to a fast food joint like in a walk in situation and you look upon a wall And menus got like just too much. It's like you suck it in vertical You get dizzy and you start you know what I'm saying? Like what do I do in here? How does this work? What do you got? I mean tell me how I do this. I just can't deal with it I can't my own cope with this Here's a call for Miami windows this New Speaking of me. Oh you do a man Yo Yo, yo, yo, yo, man Because he didn't because he just called I know what's on brand one. I'm a brand man Okay, you got it there yep. No, that was the big-y smalls. I think done that you got a man Say to pack you ran away with a bullish Led Zeppelin. I know there will stairway to heaven. Oh Let's do that again one day not I don't want to do that just to piss off those people us in and all the factions about oh Everybody has everything on radio did this about what's the best song about that? That was it was kind of productive and then of course there were to heaven one and it was pissed me off how is this? I mean, is there any is there anybody who really believes that stairway to heaven was the best song of all time? No, no Somebody must no bit do we believe that oh oh Oh, it's speaking of the concert with a rolling stone's and AC DC and a guess who rush? There he go Alex has rush is about time to go to good one Alex good Canadian band. Yeah, right just like the guess who good Canadian band first concert everyone to Oh, and somebody I was just gonna take a break in a good mood and somebody puts the freaking grateful dead on here I Was doing this monkey with us are so red and in just three days he was melted and dead It was a ball Epo We're making love to a monkey where they just they're right now my face is sweaty But she's tight. It's the super Oh Now I know the ball is over I You There a You Back to them pal it damn they're killing them so that you can't imagine which a group will put on their next because I play that Gee the case oh good guess Oh, and now people are sending see here's the question again other than the Beatles of the Rolling Stones what's your all-time favorite rock group Right, that's not the question no no. Oh, oh, is the question what are your 15 favorite rock groups? How many bands can you name that's Cuz Jimmy he's got a whole ball. I do like way to be signed his facts. I like that And he also mentioned that the bushy's fing up this country and two by the group that name did I say that right? I just painted it. No you smooth No, I did yeah smooth, but a little bit too smooth. Oh, he said it well he has f it up this country. Yes, he is and he says he feels serve for the band name bush Well, can I tell you let's see anybody ever heard Anybody ever hear of Marcus Nilsin it reminds me of a built-try out with the worst team that one day when it were rip it I'm gonna ask anybody ever hear of Marcus Nilsin. Yeah, we heard him he's marginal This facts is anybody ever heard of kiss Yeah, kiss this okay put them on you. Okay kiss Well, I'm the bizarre side for me, you know more of a establishment kind of guy like You know Oh, let's see almond brother. I mean we we can put them all on there and then most of these are already On their anyway almond brothers gotta put them on or even if it's only for the priest and a ramblin man Eponely Chicago Neo Neo y'all been crazy horse Cross me still's in the slash Yeah, why huh? And young No, just cross me still's a Nash Bruce brings me in an East Street band Did we got some in a garfunk or right? Yes, okay? So anyway, thanks Jimmy for your list of your 500 favorite bands I'll pink Floyd how can we see this a lot of we have put on yet so a lot of people are laying out and they got all you got all weekends They'll get all panicky, okay? Queen can I mention Queen? I don't know Aw, Fleetwood Mac which you're makes me sick to my stomach to think that put them on there. I mean whatever you say all in the police Which I know you don't like them, but I do. Why would you say that? You don't like the police the CD that's in my car right now because they're always pulling your work for going too fast No, no, I'm a Alexandria Virginia. Thank you. I was reminded me about the greatest song in history mankind every breath You will your bed breath every bed breath you heav And why why don't you like that song? I do like that song we've had this argument now. I thought you were the one I was having me crammed somebody else Somebody tell me that it was Yeah, I like that stuff here anyway, which is good. This is a lot of news It's a and the sounds are crap anyway All of you can hear in this studio how good yeah, yeah speakers have got You know, I can hear word your saying because that's alright Not important well what about AC DC guys will have all the groups of beside the stones that were that concert here in Toronto says Tracy and candle Thanks, Tracy And remember what one the more yet today Here's another one for the on-membrothers for the poll. Thanks Greg. I think it might be great reason Peter's the tour by the way's got a wife and a whole bunch of kids so he's not a fact well He hasn't convinced me yet and fact when we get to that the straight-art for the queer guy thing he'll be on there sure Peter Subtira it's just his mannerisms man. He can't help but he's just a swishie a straight guy that's off They'll probably have one of his own shows pretty soon him and Jim J. Bullock. Oh, he's straight to right. They've received together. No The straightest Paul in Other than the Beatles to the Rolling Stones what's your all-time favorite rock group now one of your 6,000 favorite rock groups And we'll have to put some more contemporary ones on here like you know like the back street boys Sure, what do you laugh in a vibe really get some of those there are a couple of punky guys and probably a few pedophiles out there too You know Punky let's put it on there right now back street boys. Okay Instinct as much as I just breaks my heart To put that crap on or a little speaking of faggot's oh brother Paul. See I guess that was the only way that could we have his image it was kind of like the new a little before J. Lo and Ben It was Lance not not Lance just in ticker barrel. Lance is the one who's out of this world just in ticker barrel In fact Lance what time did the spaceship plan? He does look out of this world, honey. You know what what's his last name? I don't know we don't know we don't want to last days Base That's God, I'll maybe this guy. You know what Scott needs Scott's okay 17 he needs a personality transplant You can't complain about Scott's personality because he doesn't have one I'm very lucky. He has a word. No, no, seriously. You're you're just fine But you're the dullest son of human being I've ever heard my life So yeah, don't quit your night job Anyway, aerospace 20 we got a good battle going on here and of course what's a led zeppelin gets on here Some of these at an AC DC then you know, then you'll see some of these things like fade a little bit But that's where it goes. Airos myth 21 van Halen 18 equals 18 Doris 17 now they were larti fartsie's do we're here in the talica 13 moody blues it and by the way To make talica guy I'm still a fact moody blues date beat boy 7 to bands 7 I'm surprised with that ain't you? Yes, I El Five four and or five cars for guess who three super tramp appear. I know I got that song in here somewhere Goodbye stranger right okay. I know it's in here God damn it. Maybe it's under mag I got it for magma computer bag for uh, I don't know I'll find I got the magnolia disc somewhere in here the copy I made. I just don't know where Alan Parsons projects got a pair And the holly's don't have any holly's is too old Too old and too obscure bus stop member bus stop. That was we're good They were one of the tradition invasion long of a little churchers We're not gonna put a monitor but the searches were good. Yeah, lies sure fact That was the Q. That was the QM theme song lies. That was Greg Reed's theme But I can't you I am now can you I am calm the link is up to the store? No great I'm not gonna get all excited about it. Oh get a little bit like do a dance you let me do a Yeah, yeah, yeah, dancing a jig. I'm not gonna poke it So who else? What other later day groups should we put on right away just to pacify some of the punks? All the starting one can hit tech a to start what about 98 degrees Now why are you laughing? First of all you said rock band Yeah Well, how about the vastly boys They don't know if I mean rock band is they're not a band. They're nothing There's stuff in nonsense don't you're opinion no That's just because Nick's a fag and right off the bat you get a big bug up your ass about them. Okay? They're pretty they're pretty good in the studio. They couldn't sing a lick outside on the street Instinct 98 degrees. I'll come true though. They really can sing and that's why they don't exist anymore Nick is busy like being a he's like a Sublican to a Jessica Simpson now That's why they're making around some all the talking head shows to try hey Remember Nick was she he used to be really big 90 degrees. He made a lot of good music. They really can sing. Maybe no So if we were to get a good and she has he's got a real sweet smell and they're a smell and I mean what a put some genuine lottery bands on there. Yeah, but I'm just saying we got we got to cover all the bases It's a weekend poll. It's gonna bet there for three long-sacetating days Let's get it all on there. Let's let's let everybody on their niche nails bases nine inch nails is good Am I gonna have to play that thing now? Okay, yeah? Well, it's only is short I want you like an animal This isn't working We did mention by the Robert Palmer's dead You ain't There's a more holiday day, but you're only seeing funny other rape of it is that type smokers 12 or one hour Crowd will records presents the coming out of who great cute township It's the out of the closet collection Let me rich up here. You okay Tell me. Calm here. Tell me See me Touch me You are the right way And we're being... ...diving... ...and we're... ...feel all of me... ...and chamele... ...and we're... ...over at the writers presents these previously unreleased tracks. The catch piece in these songs, the way they were meant to be. The rough boy is slick skirts, he touted the thing in my box set. And since I won the album, I'm having so many calls. So hold down brightened, men always need the call. They'd take another life in any bathroom stall. Come on, name us, be the town, then. So play a mean change in fall. What a right now, and you'll get a CD bonus track of Feet Singing that Hellenady classic IAM woman, Vito, and that's the quite excepting. And from New York City, we hear that George Clinton died last night. He was a celebrated writer, actor, and blazed trails and journalism, believing that reporters should experience the subjects they cover. Kind of like that, so now we're ready to rob our bomber, ...diver George Clinton died last night too. Got your like the timing on that, wasn't that great? Excellent. Wow. Rancid. Here's the fact, as I can't find anybody on a photo vote for us, ...so it's just... ...Rancid is a newest rock band. Speaking of Rancid, it says they're indestructible CDs. The only thing I've been playing for weeks now. Okay, Rancid. Speaking of Rancid, here's what it says you too. I know, let me get a lot of votes. Oh, my god. I agree with you. It'll be a lot of votes, and they suck. Then they also say I have an idea for another poll, so as J.K. and Holly, with the gazed bands of all time, which I'm glad you mentioned that, because look at one, we've conspicuously left off here, so far it's embarrassing. Especially for a meal, right? R.E.M. Oh, oh. Okay. I'm not talking about air supply. You got air supply. No. R.E.M. Get that on there right away, okay? I mean, you could put air supply in if you wanted to do that. No, huh? No, thank you. Okay. I guess you've got to put in Stinkham and Air Supply. Yes. The gazed bands of all time, what would that encompass? I mean, Queen, and what the R.E.M. air supply. I'd air supply in R.E.M. and Queen. Alan Parsons Project. Alan Parsons Project is a gay band. Air supply. Gay. Gay. This man needs some serious help. I could've told you that. A personality transplant followed by a whole frontal lobotomy. The American woman, go to Michigan. She had like this part in the beginning. This is a four-play on his son, but nobody ever got it. She wasn't playing the way to the grunk. What is it? It was a grunk. It's my favorite part. Oh. Yeah. Happened to me. It'll happen to me. Oh, I hate to break the news. But Burton Cummings was just awful on the offensive here. It's unfortunate. What's going to be sad? It wasn't worth coming. By the mask and sports court. Robert Palmer's dad and George Clinton, bed. American woman, go to Michigan. This goes on for a minute. It's not dirty, man. Yes, it goes on for a long time. Not really. Here we go. Sooner later. All right. Let him drunk, though. Sorry, I'm not playing. It's not like somebody hit him and he asked with a pitstruck. It's what it sounded like to me. That's the old pit correct. Oh, right. Say away from me. Even a mad dog is doing great. Talk up on the shore. I love it. Nice going mad dog. The man is he on the day. I haven't given the schedule. The mad dog is to the humperage for at least the mad dog is still on the schedule. We got him penciled in. We don't want to overwork him because his popular area is so high. It's frightening. Jim managed to do the humperage for the day wants that show would hand could five. We got the Marlins undec at seven. The Metz at the Marlins is they sew it all up tonight. 735 at PPP Park be there or proof to you. Any K10 30 after ball game and ESPN radio overnight because Joe Costello who right now as I speak is got to that off because they got to be on Monday morning to leading the mole. So Joe Costello's at CompUSA 121 70 West Unwise Boulevard Plantation. Got all the best of the merchandise, the Howard David Keychain and all the good stuff. And you can spin the wheel from Arlin tickets and grand pre-tickets. If Joe lines up tell us that there were a lot of free loaders came by to spin the wheel and didn't buy any of our stuff, I'm going to be really ported. I'll tell you that right now. Bad company. That's an excellent choice. Yeah. How can we not more enthusiastic? Yeah. Woo! It says in my worthless opinion, Paul Rogers has one of the best voices of all time. Not as good as Neil Rogers but Dan Near. Excellent choice. Bad company. I wish I had that. You got it there but it's don't start. I got lots of bad company. Yeah. That's what I'm hearing. That's what the Scott's predecessor had the problem with too. Eagles 23, aerosmet 23, doors 22. I can't get any tighter than that. But then again he hasn't put some of these other ones on or yet but he will. Look at around what? First 155 Oats. Lot of people laying out waiting for their favorite group to go on or to Mill Hop on it. They're going to jump right on it. Van Hillen 21, Metallica 15. And yes, I'm still a fact. The Pan 10, Moody Blues 9, Beach Boys 7, E L. Only 6. Oh, come on. Four and or five. The car is stuck on four. They've had four for a very long time. Guess who three? The who two? Alan Parsons project, which a Fag group coined a Scott. They got the pair. Supertram 2 Pink Floyd 2 and no votes yet for a Simon and Garf on the top. The guy for Simon and Garf on the power station Bruce Brainstine and East Street band or the poor Holley's. I feel so bad for the Holley's. Yeah. Don't you feel bad? They had great tunes and nobody remembers the air that I breathe. That was the Holley's? Yeah. Trust me. Look it up. Well, just so happens. What did I whip this book out for yesterday? I whipped it out for something. I don't know. I don't know. But it just handled the way. Sit right here. My billboard. Boots who can't mess with us today. No mess with us. The air you I breathe. There was number six in 1974. Twenty seven twenty nine years ago. It's great song. Here up at I breathe. There was a great song. I remember there was a first recorded by Albert Hammond in 72. I see. That maybe that's why I'm thinking. Oh, carry in. Written for Mary Ann Faithful in 1967. Hey, carry in. Oh, stop. Stop. Right. Remember that? I had thought. These great. I had heard that. Were the oxytot on a carousel? Look through any window? Jennifer Eckles? He ate heavy. He's my. Your mama? Long cool women. A woman a dark black dress. Long dark road? Stop in the name of love. Which I bet you really poured off. I an arouse, you think? Maybe. Alan Clark vocals. They're from Manchester, England. Graham Nash and Tony Hicks guitars. Eric Haydock Bass. Bobby, a late and Dan, rat bone drums. Basil, rat bone was a Yankeon. Hey, Doc left in 66 replaced by Bernie Calvert. Frittered on bus stop. Nice left in December 68 to join. Join David Cresby and Steven Cills and the trio. Replace by Terry Sylvester. Formerly in the swing and blue jeans. Shuffling personnel since then. Clark Nash, Hicks and Elliott. We group briefly in 83. The hollies. Rest in peace. Goes with the days, baby. They used to be some really great music. And now all this rap crap came along. And all of a sudden people started saying, what the hell is this? You called this freaking music or what? Rap. Now I can find some good rap crap for you. Oh no. Oh no. I mean, talk about bad luck. I can't find one rap video under. What's the chances they got about 400 video channels up here. I can't find one rap song. No, you can say anything to rap. I can't believe it's happened to me. Now what about your pansy boys that run around in their underwear? What else that group? Blink 182. Blink 182. No matter about how chilly peppers. Why don't we have them on there? They used to be pretty good long time. Now they're still in heroin. Red hot chili peppers and the Blink 182. George likes them because they're ugly guys. They're running around there. Underwear. I like them because they play good music. I see. What station are they on? They are 5605. 5605. 560. The AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's a call from Miami. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. How you doing? Okay. A couple days ago, Laura Bush was on one of the morning talk shows. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm talking about reading stuff. So once some of the books that she said that she reads for, I don't know, self-help. Maybe I am Sam book to help the President with his grammar. She said that the book that she's reading right now for pleasure is called the Polish Toll. The Polish Toll? That's correct. I'll be damned. I thought that you might find that a little bit of trivia. Maybe about Monica. She won't be able to taste tofu. She polished her craft, her trade. So the Polish Toll is reading the Polish Toll? No, I have not. I said the Polish Toll is reading the Polish Toll. I see, okay. Have a great day, Pat. You too. Oh, she said you too. I know he had mentioned a band before the thing was there. The Polish Toll is reading the Polish Toll. See, he was trying to like the cute. Let's see cute. No. But that was good. Good call man. Erosmith 29, the Doris 27, Ego's 25 and Hella 22. We got a real battle going. But like I said, as soon as Eric gets finished with his extraordinarily important business, and we start getting some of these other groups like Led Zeppelin on there. Is Led Zeppelin on there yet? I see 90s nails. I think you're a sandbag and somebody's going to try to make a little more go ahead of it. Quickly. Huh? Led Zeppelin off like a half hour ago. Well, we got 100-83 votes in it. We got about 400, uh, we're not 400, but lot of them that don't have any votes here. I'm not turning man. But I don't see no Led Zeppelin. I just mentioned that because AC DC will certainly get a lot of they on their yet. No. So just relax, let's go in. 90 degrees. How many votes are they going to get? Huh? I make change my vote. I already voted for Erosmith. See, you won't give 908 degrees no credit because it's a boy band. Therefore, automatically it must be bad. They can't sing automatically. They can't rock and roll. They can't sing. They can't sing. They can't roll. They can't rock and roll. And they got no soul and stick it in your hole is what I say. How do you like that? That's my comma. Since this is a whole week, I'm going to for Rellez morning. Here's whole intensive. Yeah. Come on. Yeah. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Oh. I ain't taking no chances. It's almost as good as putting on Playboy TV. And you call that music? No, it's crap. It's crap. That good. I like some rap that ain't it. Speaking of Playboy TV. You call that a fetus? She's opening your small package. We inside the package. Take the bod soaps. Your toiletries. Make up into the bathroom. You're finding bop rope in the bathroom. Start a huff off and add the salt. When you've done that, then have completely undressed. You can open present number two. Oh, you know who gave her present number two? Roy! Roy! And roles, this is for 20-5-50 years. You and who are you having? He was obsessed. Mary. Are you in there? Oh, yeah. With a need for privacy. Mary? Come out this instant. He spent hours locked in his little fantasy world. Mary! Are you listening to me? You've been in that long enough. The bathroom. Mary! I'm coming! And what have you been doing in here all morning, young man? The tango. We know brothers' pictures presents the gripping tale of. Harry Palmer, privately showing this November. See, we don't have any Robert Palmer but so far to Harry Palmer be the next best thing. How'd it have been? It's in the same family. Here's a fact that says I don't know what the hell this means. Rogers, finally some good music for me. What does that mean? I think that's a shot at your boy brand brand shows that you'd... I don't do... How many years has it been since I played any of that? I've already met. I don't know. That's all past that anyway. I mean, that was a pretty interesting time by 3 years ago when at least people were interested in music and was a lot of that stuff as popular and some pretty good stuff too. But at any rate, and actually people were buying CDs back then as opposed to just deal them. Well, we got that stir on our website today about how a few things are bad in the US. Just take a peek at what's happening on here it is. US is only the tip of the power to music iceberg from New York Times. Maybe they didn't put it on there. I got it here. It's as hangar on any squirt art in Germany or college campus in Italy who becomes clear that the recording of this series problems with the illegal online distribution of music in the US pale beside the rampant power scene that goes on overseas. From factories in Taiwan and Eastern Europe that turn out counterfeits to these teenagers in Scandinavian Singapore who download songs from the internet and burden them on a blank list, the line between legitimate and power to music is all but vanished in many countries. How do you like that? I do that. We're back ready for a round two. There you go. I don't have it. I never did put it in there. But I do have it on the CDs. Oh, it was up to the whole zone. Another underrated group don't get no proof. We're white on. It may put girls jam on the list. I just said it. Oh, what a sense of fact. The algorithm is the only thing. How we underrated. As a matter of fact, with little inspiration, I just played a little bit of it. Oh, maybe that's the one I put in there, you think? Maybe. Why does it? Why does it? Why does it? Oh, maybe it's pretty funny. Anyway, super tractor great and nobody knows who to hellay are. They're great. Spectacular outstanding. Good by stranger might be the greatest song of all time. Well, from what I'm hearing. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Other than the Beatles and Rolling Stones, what's your all-time favorite rocker. If you tune in late, we got Joe Costata about there at a comp USM. He's got a thousand dollars already for a band of perversky doesn't he? They got 390, 250 that came from Joe's parents themselves. Well, thank you, Joe's parents. They're the best. They're great. They're mentioned. They're mentioned in the Guinness Book Records. They're phenomenal. In fact, any time we've done something, I guess his mom is a real like dog lover. Yeah, because then we do something before. That's right, when we was that old lady was caught and bugging me and then she could push me and push me like how much money could she squeeze for that one little dog. But anyway, Joe's mama also kicked in some cash. They're great. So, 190 bucks isn't pretty good start out there for a band and perversky. Joe is at comp USA, 11170 Weston rise, bull of our plantation. Right by that, Michael's a trotty and restaurant and right behind the watch over your money bank. All the best in your stuff is there. They got the Moharadibe the key chains, which I think are picking up. And you can still believe that. What? They're worth picking up. And you can spend a real for Marlon tickets and grand pre tickets as well. With Joe, of course, the big grand pricks fan. Erosmith 31, Doris 29, Eagles 26. It's a battle. Let's have one is on there and they just, they got four. They're sliding up their fast. Ben, here on 24, Metallica 18, the band 12. That's the, that's the sleeper when you say. Yep. That's the a chicken and a wood pile. There they go. There they go. There they go. There they go. Hello. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. We have any idea what that is? I do like the video though, because you just flipped the bird. Everybody. Modi Blues 10, who ate Beach Boys 8, ELO 6, Pink Floyd 6, Rush 5, 4 and or 5. 4 and another one. It is the car is still only have four George. Yeah, no. I didn't go. Let's see. George is always coming up. I've made my taste in music. I've voted for Erosmith. They're leading with 31. George voted for the cars. They've got four. No, I didn't have voted for the Eagles. Oh, let's step on four. They just went on there. Alan Parsons project who, um, it's got says it's a Fag band. Got four. Three. But guess who's got three. Again, see the competition is so tough here. That's why even great groups. Like guess who have only got three. Super tramp three. Alan Parsons project like I said three. Simon Agarfuckle 29 is nails. He's got one. Big one. And then from there on it's a pretty lame. How the video you were just watching? What? The video you were just watching? Yes? Right now. I love that. I love that. But 80 song perities on that. And what about it? What do you mean? What about it? That's the name of the band you were watching. What? What do you mean what? What is the name of the band? Good Charlotte. Oh. Just like I thought we'd say. Just like a mumble just like George. You had a good teacher. I'm a little bit tired. Top 10s counting down those cameos of video. Didn't make our list. We're going to play it for you guys. Anyway, you have to spot the cameo. You have to name this guy. It's Nellie's better up to you. Say moving on up. Oh, here's the 4 season. Somebody says, okay. For one of those Frankie Valley people. He has a wife also. Let's see. Four seasons. Right? Right? Sure. Listening online of Virginia. Thanks for listening online of Virginia. Thank you, Virginia. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Somebody says yes. You're right. What about? No. No. That would be a good name for Rock Group. We'd never had one. Have we called no? No. Well, for God's sake. Yes. Why not have no. We didn't have a no. Nobody but me but a human being. We're not putting a human being on there. Like a one hit wonder. Oh, that's it. Can't go. Hello. Only a year later. But that's okay. That's all right. Pretty good. The greatest stand there were including the greatest musicians and the groups that have the most younger groups. Yes. The purple's great. What's not to lie? Exactly. Okay. Thanks for waiting. Thanks. I realize a lot of these people are waiting on hold long time. Because we got a lot of heavy duty stuff here. A lot of pressure. Yeah. They were a lame. I'm sorry to say that because I love that you know how much I love to guess who and where it comes. I mean just phenomenal. But they weren't they just. He didn't sound good. He sounded. He sounded like. What? And old man. Oh no. He sounded that happy. They ran to ran. Well, something else. Put them on there. Nice hair. Nice do. Right. Spray. And curie Newman. Not a band that individual. We were new and was a guy. Yeah. Curie Newman was like one of them short people. Was he? Yeah. Anyway, curie Newman's not a band. How are you? I didn't. Anyway, curie Newman's not a band. He? Yeah. And then we put our emonitorite towards our emonitorit. Who'd our emonitorite with just from radio for yourvetaly. Lindsey. Our legend's imitation of life. Thanks again for playing at song a lot, years ago. The wife and station out here would touch the song. They were playing that. They were playing the imitation of life. I don't recall. I'm going back to Amsterdam right now. Man. See, you you can't lie. You cannot know anything about music when you live in the USA. Not and nothing. You can see that MTV which doesn't play any videos. You got MTV 2 which plays a few and that's it That's it and maybe if you're lucky you got much music on your thing On your arcade. Well you got much music on your Scott? Sure Nothing but produce great records and perform outstanding concerts. It's an it's a their stride work is social Lank of it's an outstanding group. I think I'll give plenty support cream. I vote. Thank you Joe. Nice going Joe. Joe mama R-E-M anybody don't like R-E-M is probably like some straight asshole Don't have a penis. I've never had one. I swear Guns and roses both of a one and two and a three and a five each Hey, Poco! Hey! Did you miss some time on your own? Yep! You didn't even sometimes. All alone. Everybody needs some time on the road with a fool. Don't you know you need some time on the road. Hey! Everybody come on, Poco! And when you're fear of subside, And shadows still remain. Poco! I know that you can love me when there's no one left to blame. And some never mind the darkness, We still can find a way. Ha! Because nothing lasts forever, Even cold, no memory. Yes! Yes! Yes! No memory, Poco! Poco! Poco! Poco! Goods and roses, Poco! Poco! Goods and roses! It's a different thing in it. The singer had an ad-active vocal range, The guitarist had the most identifiable and bustling wrist played. They were the definitive rock band of the late 80s, early 90s. They set the bar so high, Nobody's even come close yet. Unfortunately, Drug and mental illness, The dry smells took their tool and they're relegated And after thought, Please put guns and roses on the pool, Says, Tucker, You got it, Tucker, already set it. Sweet, tall, oh mind. Here's one you can do a weather report on the talk up. Yeah, well done. Okay. On somebody says, by the way, Are we out of gas? Steely down. Do somebody else. Do somebody else. Okay. We'll put it on there, just to use you, And we'll get some votes to make the aggravate me. How about the small band from Toronto called Rush, Somebody said, it's already on it. Thank you. We got a real two horse race going here, So far, the best rock group of people. The rock group of all time other than the Beatles and the Rolling Stones. And the reason we say that them is because of what's the point, right? Right. They'll also put it even in my near because it's a foreground conclusion. It's supposed to now, But we got a good race going on between. On the one hand. And. On the other. Here's Bob Faxes and says, The case you missed the open today's New York Times, Herb Gardner playwright passed away. Man, they're dropping like flies, let me see it again. I saw a thousand times on Broadway, And thought Murray Burns was a role model for all the ages. I fancy in the open, I think you'll see the humor he was fired from the Bliss display company, where he carved wise men for nativity scenes for carving cross-eyed wise men. That'll like that. So herb Gardner died and Robert Palmer died and who is yet a one? Uh, and somebody else knew what I didn't know. No, because he was an old first. So you would know. So there you go. They're dying. They're dropping like flies. So enjoy while you can. It's our best advice to you. There's a lot of people I could be enjoying it. Young people too. They're showing pictures in memory now. All these American soldiers who died for absolutely nothing over there in Vietnam. And uh, Vietnam. That was a 40-inch slip in Iraq. Maybe that's Afghanistan. Aerospace myth 32, Doris 31. What a battle we got going. Man, Nick and Nick knows to know. It's a beautiful thing. That's what Steve said. Something along with the world today. I don't know what it is. But there's something's wrong with eyes. There's a people that you see. Follow me. Follow me, girl. There's a lot of people that you see. There's a lot of people that you see. Follow me, girl. You tell them they don't have to run. We're gonna pick up everyone. I'm gonna go. Yeah, I'm a lot about the face now. Anyway, somebody says, do you think our got it there? I think he got it. I think I'm like 100th of a second off. Right, one frame. In excess. Or is I once said, on Zeta, Inks, Inks. I really enjoyed Inks. But then Michael Hutchins Hutchins kicked the chair out from under his own feet. So my nomination is Inks. Oops. I hate when they do that. Don't you? That it accident? Was it on purpose? No. I used to know your facts. Remember my memory says this facts over today. After voting on the pool, looking over to where I've said I got a big talker from the picture. Mr. Bush banging Benji. I thought that our name was Buddy. I don't know. No, Buddy was Clinton's dog. I guess. Oh, Bubba wasn't. You see, if he would have been banging and Buddy, he'd have been better off than Monk. I don't know. I don't know. It wasn't. It says, well, then I inadvertently put a facts because I committed the number to remember to you. I went to Power 96. I completely embarrassed myself. You're right about that, Jennifer. I'd be embarrassed to be sent in there. Anything. Please read your facts number over the air for people minded people. I mean, it's 305. 65. 0198. 305. 65. Oh. Oh. 198. Hopefully the DG and Power 96 greater over the air and have a few more listeners. Love the show's of Jennifer. Thanks, Jennifer, and we got in excess. We're getting caught up now. We're trying to make it a little progress here today. Do you tune in late Howard Dean beat the pants off George W. And today's presidential poll in the first hour. Ted Kennedy beat him on Wednesday pretty comfortably. Yesterday, in general, Wesley Clark wall up the big time. And today, even Howard Dean even a little bit more like around 70 percent. Kicked his ass into oblivion. Look at that. It's a flat footed tie, George. I like that. I like that. I like that. Is that incredible or what? 33 votes of peace. Eagles run on the ranch with 20. And how's Led Zeppelin doing? They should be moving up here at 21. Say, Todia. We get Led Zeppelin. We had them give a handy cap to everybody else because we know they'll be climbing up that stairway. Oh. The stairway to hell. They'll be climbing at real fast. You'll see those winding staircases and Amsterdam. We have so little land because it's mostly canals. And so, the houses, they have all what they call a tow houses, they're like rows of them. Very narrow. And the staircases are real, real narrow. And many of them winding. And wow. Let me just tell you. I know they're real big on there. Being a little bit. He's very little bit too layered over there from whatever substance of your choice. But let me tell you one time there are many staircases. this is here's a staircase you can fall down once you know what I mean no explain that to me in other words you could fall down at once but you'll never have a second chance i see see what i mean yeah there's there's no there's no coming back for more now and it's uh... pretty bizarre nineteen to one of five sixty q and everybody in her brother seems to be on a low carb that's today whether it's the atkins rest in peace out beach that sugarbusters so's and summers uh... that rip off bitch or countless others one thing they all have a common is for you to eat the best tasting low-carb sugar fee foods a visit to the lights of us book a new search will be over what a great store for people on the low carb diets because everything in the store over thousand products are for you they got bagels breads cheesecakes muffins brownies trumpets pasta sauces chips did soups catchups carbolite ice cream and lots more and this month's new items champion like drenched in five delicious flavors they're walnut brownies back in true car so then the light chocolate chip cookies and lots lots more like crunchy pretzels by carpsense and don't forget at the lights of us book aackens products are on sale all day every day and you can try any item in the store before you buy it the rope at every day seven days week from ten to ten and you'll find them on the rothies corner of blades in four forty one right next to Boston market in bokeh not too far from mosa joint or column toll free at one eight seven seven low carb on the web it's low carb dot com don't forget the lights of us book a really is your official atkins retails we're sports for you five six you a m Plus telling we swear with time dance your huh We sing like a bunch of early warriors Of which day our aging says we gotta sing We swear in our cave Our biggest fans on 12 year old girls Who think we're as cute as we be Yeah, but as they get older We're hiding our latency Yeah, one thing is for sure we get Man, make your way to me Why don't close or let the delicate side go And walk to do a process Should be true, my girl, but today You think that the end that it's safe Be say we're not gay I swear we're not gay Whatever you say, 208 and 560, every QM I'm not like cruise somebody says, okay, I'm not like crew on what about the spirit Okay, well I just thought of that I'll send it I would play that I got a line on you if I had it But it's down there somewhere Don't worry about it I love it That could be the best song about time I got a line on you I don't think so, but it could be Of course anything could be This could be 34 and 34, flat foot in Taiwan This could be this could be it I don't think so I'm pretty sure What about this gay guy old friend? Ready for my next move, Ben Robin Carre, Praurie, who rocked group I didn't send that to anyone No, right down there I'm not a newbie No country That isn't you It's so fun The day we see you eat it on the back door And I just want to go back there in seminary school There was a person there who put forth the proposition That you can petition the Lord with prayer No Fetchition the Lord with prayer There we go Fetchition the Lord with prayer All right You can't petition the Lord with prayer No Can you give me say don't you agree? No I must find a place to hide I can't even imagine I can't even imagine I can't even imagine I can't even imagine I can't even imagine I can't even imagine I can't even imagine I can't even imagine I can't even imagine I can't even imagine I can't even imagine I can't even imagine I can't even imagine I can't even imagine I can't even imagine Brother Brother Brother Brother Brother Brother Brother Well, Erosmitz just popped head by one vote. Of course I just got your plan. See what I'm saying? I can forth fourth and back. Probably a good guy out there. Relax, manipulating it. Erosmitz 35, Doris 34, Van Halen 32, Eagles 28, Led Zeppelin 24, Metallica 20, the Band 18. There's the real sleeper, man. And Rush 13, eh? They're gonna lose right up there. Rudy, who's 12, Pink Floyd 11. Let's see what I says. As an unzeblog 24, it kind of like stalled out a little bit. Maybe they're out of gas. Are we out of gas? Yeah, we're out of gas. Pink Floyd 11, the who 11, Beach Boys 9, ELO's got 7. They need to be doing better than that. ELO, they're great. A little on the RC FarC side, AC DC 6, 4. 5, yes, 5, Simon and Garfunk on the guess who each have five. Nirvana's got four or five, four. You know, Simon played any of that and I won't. The car still have four, George. Yeah. What do they know? You two has got three. Bruce, brings me in the East Street Band 3. Also three, Supertram, Alan Parsons project, Faggot's. Are they Fags? I don't know. Well, Scott seems to be in a way. He knows all the Fags. Probably personal. Rancy's got three already. Ninestales, the pair perl jam two and one for, uh, one. REM ZOLLY GALONE VOTE. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. All these head or sexualists out there. They're afraid. They're afraid that if they voted for REM, somebody be looking over their shoulder and would discover that. Probably would, especially for maybe John Aschraught, either. Then you come and put like one of them blankets right over your front door like he did over the of Busta on that statue. He'd bust you. Here's the call from Miami Beach, hello. Miami Beach. I was just thinking we haven't had a call from Miami Beach in about 100 years and obviously not one here either. Dead? Dead on a beach. Okay. Dead in the water. Maybe I didn't punch it up. Let me try it again. Miami Beach. Neil. Yes, sir. There. I was there. I was there. Okay. I'm sorry. You know, I heard a couple days ago that the report coming out on a few weeks about actually no weapons and mass destruction, no traces. If I recall correctly, wasn't the earlier this year that Bush was saying, so that needs to disarm. Disarm. Disarm. If there was nothing to disarm, then where does that put our president? In deep due to. It puts a bit about 15% against Howard Dean on our poll today. Yeah, I can't believe that you know, first it was nuclear. It puts on a back kind of ration Texas after next January. Chemical and biological weapons and it was this and it was all right. All of the pack allies man all of pack allies to fight a war that they decided on four years before they ever started it. Exactly. But what did do these people actually a must think that the people of this country are pretty stupid? Well, wait a minute, when you say must think 69% of the people two weeks ago said that Sodom was involved in 9 11 and then and then even after a rum spelled and Bush, or came on said no, there's nothing to indicate that and then probably still 50% believe it no matter what they tell them. I think it's most of the people in this country sit there and get all their 10 seconds of news from the talking head network that they're all right. It's right for not certainly not as yet whatever the talking head cell and that's what they believe in it. Right. It's said it's said the country's going down the toilet. You got it. Let me ask something to your pole. The greatest field good groups of the 70s tons and tons of great at wings. Wings. And on the run, Jed, all these great souls. Right. Hi, hi, hi. See, I know what you're going to be doing in there somewhere. Yeah. And what about the beaches? Is that a rock roof? Being now of course. Okay. Is that a rock roof? Are you, are you shimting me? It's so hard to choose just one because I tell you what, yellow. That's one of the greatest fans ever. It absolutely is. And then you so hard. Maybe you can give me a 10 seconds of satisfaction with strange magic. Okay. How great is it? Thank you so much. You're going to be playing on his own today. Oh boy. 56050560 pound, 560 on the AT&T. We're going to have dead flat foot inside the doors. Dores. 36 aerosmith. 36. 36. Van Hill and 32 led Zippin all now there. They go 29. I told you, they're coming from behind in the stretch like crypto clearance to put on the big run. Remember crypto clearance? Who? Eagles 28. Metallica 21. I remember cryptocurrency in the mud just eating up the ground, just swapping by the competition. I sure hope they don't set him to Japan. Like L.A. Sheba. Or Hillwind, I've come back to little L.A. Sheba. Please, was that a movie with the what's your name? It's surely temple. 56050560 pound 560 on the AT&T of wireless and whatever the other thing is. Jim managed to two to hop over at 40 a day while that you would five. Marlon's Aw  could seven and a farland vlclins to wild card against them at 7.35 it PPP park tonight. 5. 34. This is portrait. Fusin you'll go it's the one the two our. Yeah powered. How you going inunder.' Let's go<|kn|>, Let's goel And I've got to keep my TV palms in with you. Yeah, I'm so a-each-ad. But I can still keep rocking you. Robert Palmer's dead, George Clupman is dead. Her guard is dead. Can't look into his eyes. Man, it's getting really bad. You know what? They're just dying all over the place. I'll tell you else is dead. When someone's out, drag your eyes to the wall. Dennis Wilson's still dead. Yeah. Carl will still dead. I don't know. And Brian maybe, but nobody's holding him. I'm gonna be in the state. Hey, hey, take your way. It's the only time you've been through the whole world. I'm gonna beat for you as I do in some marginal 10 votes. And you know that ACVC is gonna pass down like they're sitting on their ass. Like Brian's back and bed with his teddy bear again. Yeah, I'm not buying that band thing in the beach boys down there on that list. What? The band is way up on the list. The beach boys are way down there. Oh yeah, the band. I don't know what that's all about. How about the wait? I'm trying to lose some. How about you? This really? How about the wait? They have one head, sure. What about the name of that? The wait? That was the name of the song, too. The wait? And the group was the wait. That's an interesting thing. So we said that band. How about a bad company? By bad company, right? Yeah. Talk to you. I talk to you. How about a surfer of a lie? It means for it. Or if it was always, but did we lie? I don't know. I get it right. I get it right. Like loves to realize anybody can. Oh. Oh, join George Tomorrow from Alvin. I'm going to build some of the semis a man. It's going to be a real time. We can't do it. We can't do it. We can't do it. We can't do it. We can't do it. We can't do it. We can't. We can't. We can't. It would be a good thing. This means more easy cash for George. I'll just hang around. He's so pretty. I'll write a city subs cause he gets their first. And they'll have the best meal stuff. Plus. Plus. Plus. So much money. Price and free. Well, I need to do some stuff. What a sense of humor. He writes off the SH. Like I'm going to go ahead and read it. No way. I'm meeting real. They told me I was a senior citizen at the bank the other day. But nevertheless. I still got it. How's Joe Costello doing we know? They're given away so many marlins tickets you wouldn't even believe it. And they're still at 390. That's a joke, right? No, it's not a joke. They'd ought to be a joke, but it's not. They had 390 like by 120 because most of it came from mom and dad Costello. Correct. So they're not ricking anything for the best meal. You people are the cheapest bunch of bansters, not all you just most. There's a few, you know, about 30 man. Yeah, who are reaching the pocket and come up. You know, I had to be in abandoned cat or dog right now. I'd say that because if I had to count on a people of South Florida, I probably have to go like a panhandling. I'm good at it. Well, you better hit the road because they're sure not going to help you out either. This is sad. Are you making that up just now? No, it means that. You're not through. This is not a bogus location either. This is not a copy USA. 120 170 West sunrise Boulevard Plantation in a little strip shopping center. Whether behind the betting place that used to be Boston Market, right kitty corner from Circuit City and right kitty corner from much over your money bank. The best in the LCDs cassettes and the more Howard David of the highly touted and voted and desired key chains. They're there. And then you can spin a wheel from all the tickets and grant pretty tickets. So the same thing as the other day at the Howard Convention Center. A lot of people come in spinning. They want their free martin tickets. Are they given anything for charity? Oh, do they care about our frequencies? These are the key chains? No. A Pax on that crowd. That's the best I can say. A Pax on you. Okay. I can't even believe that. That 45 minutes later, there has been one person come in there and cough up a dime. No, but they're wrapped around the van for those tickets. Are they really? Yeah, it's what he said. Here's Pomp and O.B. Hello. You're high now? Yes sir. Yeah, I've got an addition for your list. Okay. Emerson Lake and Palmer. Emerson Lake and Palmer. Good, pretty good. Marjan. They'll do a pretty strict group for their time with the synthesizers and cop, cop, was a heck of a percussionist in the red lake. I would like to wrap all the whamerson. Me too. Anyway, I just want to ask you something. I want to make a contribution to band and rescue. And I know you're now checking to you people. So to us, we are sending to Washington, I want second and I'll let Skattle put it out. I appreciate that. That's great. We appreciate it. Thanks a lot. Okay. Okay. Put him on hold there online too for you. So they're wrapped. Now see, here's the interesting part of this. See, the people who are wrapped around a QM van. They're not just people who happen to be like in the vicinity and they saw the van sitting there. You know, and then roll out GLC, what's going on over there. No, these are people who are listening to this radio show right now. Right. Have been listening at least for a part or all of this show since 10 o'clock this morning. Mm-hmm. Another way, new exactly where Joe was. They knew where Miguel was. They knew where the van was. And they made a B line over there when he heard me say, Spin the wheel for Marlon tickets and grand pre tickets. Free. Spin the wheel. Right. That's the part that really just sticks in my back home crawl. Just enough to really piss off the freaking Pope was feeling a little bit better. They and they're really good ball movement even better than Bougsombie. That's what he said. So when and out on. Shaving it out. Aeroscmeth 39, the Doris 38, Led Zeppelin 35. Van Hillon 32, Eagles 28, Metallica 23, the Van 18. There's the real, real suspect. Rush 16, Pink Floyd 13, Moody Blues 13, The who 11 beats boys still have 10 George even after I played a middle of. I got the 10 new place where the kids are hit. That. ACD. Oh, just changing it. Maybe to beat boys to make it a little more progress. We're pulling for you guys. They got 11 now. See? The who's got 11. ACDC90, 80S8. No. Simon Agarfunkel 6, you two's got five. Four and or five. The guests who five. Nirvana for the cars have four. They've been stuck on four for. They can't open the door. They're stuck on four. Rush, basically an eastean band for. He can't sing for Schmidt. Alan Parsons project three. Prog.M3, Superdram 3, Police 3, Rancid 3. Steady Dan 3, they're out of gas. Graffled Dead, Chicago, Queen 3. And everybody else's got like, how's our YM doing? Still with two. Oh. And I'm the one that's supposed to have bad taste. Who are you? People out there, kid, huh? Right. Three hundred ninety bucks and out of dime for the last forty five minutes. And the QAM band. Which I say. A Pax on you. 560560, pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Now the US holder killed in Kirk Hoop by the way. This morning case you missed that. South Cookie. They're dying over there every day. And we had that debate yesterday. I thought Wesley Clark was okay. I didn't think he was dynamic. I didn't think he was anything special. But he was okay. He didn't fall down. I heard his performance and me to press was Simulating. That's what Tim Russell said. So what he said with that red pasty Irish face of his. Here's a call from Tampa. They've been on there in off a long time. And I apologize profusely. Hello. Okay. How you doing now? Pretty good. Thank God for screaming on the internet. You're talking about the bands you put on a list. No one's brought this band up yet. You're talking about 70s and them. You got to put sticks on the list. Sticks. Got it. I'll sign it on there right now. And you got it on right as you speak. And you have. I know somebody said put Van Halen on. But you got to put an extra. You have to put Van Halen without Samy Hagar. Not Van Hagar. You have Van Halen. Well, that's where they're voting for. Yeah. They're voting for. And don't put. Were you putting boy bands on there? Don't put a couple on. They're just for little punky kids. Well, you know, we talked about putting the brown eye on the straight guy. Man, these these bands are uh. That's a hop. That's not rock. Yeah. But that. Anyway, doing a great job. I learned you. I'm think I've right. Again, think I was pretty streaming up here. We can get some good. Hey, man. God bless America man. Have a great day. Hey, the pooper and Tampa. All right. Bye. What do you say? Jean Cooper's in the pooper. That's what he said. Arrow Smith is still one. I had 39 38 over the doors. Boy, Kim Morrison will be so depressed. I think we can forget about the beat boys. I think they're done well, Bonnie. Can you throw up? Can you throw that foot? Can you throw that foot? Why don't you try? Oh, I'm ready. You just remember, Benito. He was hanging there in the room. That's what's got to say. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marvel's line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, how about you doing the Louis and the Louis? Get it right on there, George. Yeah. The gooey Jews and the gooey Jews and the juice. You're doing the Louis. Gooey Jews and the with a new. Don't be putting gooey Louis on there. Oh, very upset. Let me see the beat boys up to 12 now. See? Beat boys are up to 12. They're like right on the moody blues ass. The band 19, though, we're keeping our eye. I got my eye peeled on that thing. Real real close. Mad dogs coming up with two to the Humperate 4. We got any more money out there. Would you or Custella or not? Cause I'm not. I'm going to have to have nothing yet. Since. I really, I just can't believe it. I just can't. I can't see the thing the other day at the Broward Convention said. The excuse was all was inside. They had a pad mission to get in and it's a place where only the computer nerds are going. And the odd yad yad yad yad yad a purtree. This is right there at Comp USA. I've shot there many times. I go in there like it encourages stuff like that. You know, right in the, um, what's sunrise right there in my hood, right in plantation, right in the Equate. That should be all our crowd out there. That should be all our people out there. And for last 52 minutes, we've got. Quot squad is what we got. We got squad. We're squatting. Now we'll take it up squad is right myself right now. I've been burasing if they did better yesterday, 800 at the wherever they go. You know, something I don't think it's going to be a contest. We're going to bring 90 and tooth and 250 was for mommy and daddy. Custell. 800 yesterday down there in the Adamsville down in those picking. Because we went and held down the under. Where was that at due to us or someplace like that? I don't know. Card sound road. I think they were at. Yeah. Like we're on the tip of the keys around Alabama. Jacks Jesus, K. Christ. Then they got 190 bucks and most of his like an inside job. So if you people don't come to you by tour clock, I think. I think we're going to like, I'll go on strike. My life in local. We're sports video five 60s. You and you A.M. Hello, come on, come on, come on. Taxi, baby. Uncle San Pedro, I'm holding better than I did. All right. And while you're at it all the day. You're at insults to injury. Just take my first one baby. Now I'm taking the Dutch on. Now the old game. I'm going to find some taxables. Oh, just to make those really soft piss. The IRS. I'm going to go to New Zealand. Come on, come on, come on. Taxi, baby. Tax my dog, tax my freaking to pay. Tax my pay. Shunch, tax my sanity. And I'm going to New Zealand. Meanwhile, I ain't going to think that's it. The interesting part of what I'm much of free loading per running ponies. We haven't so thought is remember a month ago. Maybe it wasn't this season. Maybe it was last year. We tried to give Marlon tickets away on a year. Oh, yeah. Couldn't give them away. No. Couldn't give them away. Earlier this year. Absolutely no interest. How do parents is earlier this year? Right. And that's right. If you remember you told me the one thing, people were giving you Marlon tickets. Right. I tried to have you give them away. Now all of a sudden we're trying to raise money for a way to go to charity with our usual nifty merchandise that we come up with. And instead it's like, oh, they're all lined up about five miles all the way to the goddamn sawgrass. Because they want to spin the wheel. They go Marlon tickets in the grand pre-tickets. He called it an update in an interesting story. Yes. Some old bag showed up to get her free whatever it was. Oh, hey. They tried to push the CD. Oh, I hate you, ragged. Really? Yeah. So she heard you hear the images. Well, right. How did she hear about this? She didn't have any place to say this station. You miserable nasty old bitch. I sure hope he didn't give her nothing but a kick in the ass. And she and he said, well, what about the dogs? Forget your writers. What about the little dog? I hate me, ragged. Yeah. Well, we hate you too, bitch. Four times. How much? Four ten. That's like one CD. That's twenty bucks. Right. Or a keychain. That's too moody. That means that the They've raised today. 160 bucks. Right. In an hour and 20 minutes. 160 bucks. This is the last year we're doing this with all the respect to a van of per rescue. I would just, it's just as simple to me. I can write them my check for the 10 grand every year. Just direct to them. And that's it. Save the grief. Right. What's the play going through all this exercise and through all of this work? And by the time you take away the expense and the cause of everything, what the how we're going to have left. This is the most embarrassing town in the history of mankind. The cheapest, the most free loading is nasty. Rotteness, do nothing, give nothing people. Not all of them. Just about 90%. Yep. Four ten. Because I know that location like the goddamn, he'll have, he'll have my foot. That's a busy bustle bustling area. Right. There's tons of parking all over there. There's all kinds of businesses there. It's a commercial area. Right. I'm so happy. Have you do the busy busy busy plays? Not a slum. Four hundred and ten bucks, two fifty from mommy and daddy, custella. Hundred and sixty bucks in our twenty minutes. You people are an embarrassment of this grace. You really are. Free. I ought to know what it's all about because I've been in South Florida long time. About thirty man. Yeah, then you're thirty years on a year. I know as freebies and early bird dinners. That's it. Never got a change. You've all my shot expected to change. You only think is it's getting tighter and tighter and tighter and in terms of people come and kind of lose with a few bucks. Anyway, I'm not going to get excited about. Because what am I going to do? What's the point? We did our part. Did our damn thing people showed up there. They're trying, you know, and then I want to say this to you right now. I don't want in the future. I don't want to be lumped in with all this other crap with the spinning the wheel for freebies. No. You got your regular parents tomorrow at Bill Siddles and you have the merchant nice there. You know, on the side because you're going to be there anyway. Sure. And you do those deals all the time. So much of a guy. Hey, stop with your guy. Yeah. You don't mean to mean it. But as far as doing these vans hits and everything. No, no. And we never used to do that anyway. See, this is part of the thing that's broken me off this year is that now we're in of course the response would be well, but this is to draw a lot more people there because we have free stuff. Well, the free loaders aren't going to cough up any money for charity. All that does is clog up the works. That's all. It if you accomplishes absolutely nothing for abandoned per rescue or for the efforts that were put now or anything at all. It's counterproductive. So stick it under the counter. Okay. Somebody says no doubt. It says so you can play a drop. No. Yeah. As in. No. It's as hard as you've voted. So I don't care if you put a mind. I thought that. So now this other facts from Vic and I was just he must be psychic or I am because I was just about to talk about this. See, you get into the definitions. I was just I guess I may be one of the few actually gets the pull questions because of the way they're worded. I know you endured to get a ripping a new one, but you may have to do a lot more ripping than you would imagine. If your list wouldn't be so extensive to include such marginal crappy bands, I wouldn't even bother but please. And rock bands, they're all more pop than anything else. See, the definition of rock, I was just thinking about that. It's all subjective. Right. Like people used to listen to she or what that was before magic one or two point. What do you, whatever that was. That was rock, see. But rock music to let the Beatles are rock. The Beach Boys are rock, boy bands can be rockets. It's all encompassing rock and roll is a whole bunch of things. And the people who think that rock and roll means hard rock. Well, you know, to bad. For the addition to which I don't even know what is point is here if your list wouldn't be so extensive to include such marginal crappy bands. I wouldn't have even bothered. Bob, what is that mean? I don't know. So what? I mean, I don't know any, is there a crappy, really a crappy band on here? I mean, yeah, there's some boy bands on there just for kicks for the kids for early, the four little girls we got, you know. But I mean, other than that, are there really any crappy bands on this list? I don't see any. Deal? No. Outside of the ones that you just mentioned. No, seriously. I mean, setting those three or four side. Well, I can't stand motley crew personally, but that's just me. But nobody would say there are crappy bands. Oh, they're like a crappy band. They're, I just said it. Do you hear you go again? No, what do we only got four hundred and ten bucks? They don't like you. Four thirty. No, it looks like one twenty four to four hundred and thirty bucks. Yeah. Oh, and they're outside. So there's no excuse at all. They could just drive by and get the stuff. Yeah, the guys doing the killer outside now. They're outside of the van. They've come out there. They're standing in a rain, which is probably not raining. In fact, let me, let me take a look at that. Maybe that's an excuse, you think? How can that be an excuse if they were lined up around the van for the guy named Fee Marlonti? It sounds like a pretty lame excuse to me. Three loaders, bandwagon, jumpers, front running phonys. What a horseball placement. Makes me so glad that I'm here with real freaking people. Carlos Delgado at four homerms last night. But there was only thirteen thousand to see him at the sky. Oh, but nevertheless, the rain's gone. Rain is not on there. The rain is off El Neta, La Mapa. It's all out in the Atlantic. Look at that. There is no drop of rain on my radar here. You see it? Can you see it? Nope. It's all in the ocean, man. There's nothing. So that's no excuse. There's no rain. There's no snow. There's no sleep. There's no rain or snow. There's just Miguel and Joe. How do you like that? And you people blow. Most of you. Few good ones. Fuck third man. Although 30 would be like times twenty. That would be six hundred. So not even that. In other words, we've raised 180 bucks. See that's a deal. Everybody sit back and let somebody else do it. Let up. Come in with a nice check which he did this morning. Thanks again, Duff. That's somebody else. I'll circle out. I'll pop the bucks. Oh, wait. What? I was coughing. Oh. You can stroke that. Yeah. No point. No use. No use. No doubt. 26 past one and five sixty. Nobody can get the man dog. I'll be along in two or five. All you. All you phony phony phony. Front running phony's man. Who the hell are you kiddin'? Oh, we're standing in the rain out here. We're so wound up in the Marlins area. Right. Let me see it again. We couldn't give the tickets away. If we put a $5 bill alive, we'd have paper clip with each ticket. Maybe we might have been able to give more. But probably we're one of the 20. Okay. You make it 50. Time's at tough now. You know. 430 bucks. Right there in the middle of plantation acres. Right there on sunrise Boulevard. A stone throw from my house. And by that I think I might turn to break call the house. And with instructions for a breached his day are coming in your direction. You cheap, cheap, tight wads man. Just enough to make my blood curdle. Enough to make me sit off on a guy named Florey eating my curds in way. A lot. 27 past one a QAM. If you want to plunge your guts out, see that you don't have no problem with that. You don't want to give the charity. You want to help out poor little starving homeless dogs and cats. But when it comes to plunge your guts out the skies. The limit man. Cause you're a bunch of degenerate gamblers. If you want to do that VIP sportsbook.com is who you ought to be trust in your money. Two because of the oldest and largest sportsbook in the Netherlands. 100% legal and licensed as well. Call VIP sportsports today. Tool free at 1 8 6. VIP bets. VETS. This athlete is best in the universe. It's not up nagging but all the soft load of football and basketball teams. Juice free all year long. You want to bet on the dolphins. It's just 100 to 100. You want to bet on those hurricanes. It's 100 to 100. So forget about the big rhymes with big. All sound up to 20% cash bonus. Not some funny match play bonus either. VIP sportsbook.com. That's where to look them up online and find out all about it. Are column toll free at 1 8 6. VIP bets. Be sure and mention your head about it here on 2 AM. Home of the cheap skates. That's one. 8 6. VIP bets. VIP sportsbook.com. Or you are the VIP. My life and love. This is sports wheel by city. I'm way ahead. I do you best in. I'm five with stack. My tongue down your phone. Would be really down the per page. You're a single. That's fine. I just like to try your wall to bring your lips and brains. I need a to to to to try your gaze down on me. Back in your sleeve. I know you're a whole mind. I just had a lot of that in my full store. They even check out my other hand. I got you. I got you. I know. You sold it. They didn't follow it but I like him. But I know. That's only guy to follow. But I like him. Yes I do. I make him. But only get him to follow. But I like him. Only get him. But we're gonna like him. Only get him. Get him. Can't you say that this old boy has been a no-day? Yeah. I know. And Jerry's good but show but she's not like him. Oh no. Oh, it's not. I know. Which only likes to go when I like him. Oh no. I know. Who wants dancing and the sheets of memory like that. 133. 5. 6. You've ever been to a 27 till 2. I'll tell you one thing. They can't get to like 7 9. Let's see. 5. He will be one. 6. How much did they give 250? 3. 5. 40. So that means 290. We've got from the general. The audience out there. The vast listing audience. And of course somebody would say well maybe nobody's listening to your show anymore. And you know that's why I came in. Well if that's the case where all those free free loaders out there. Wrap around the van up the goddamn saw grass all the way to West Palm Beach. Beyond Delray Beach all the way up there to God. They am stored who are those people. How? Just the coincidence. He just happened to be in the hood. Sandy. Like by the way. Who? Sandy. Your neighbor. Oh, hi, Sandy. But to make a long story short. Bottom line is men. The overwhelming majority of people. It would look to finger for anything. If it's free, it's me. That's the motto. No wonder remember one of gravitating to South Florida. It's like a magnet. If it's free, it's me. There you go. Perfect place for him. Land of the cheap, the desperate, the destitute and whatever else. So 540. So 250 and 580. We got to get to 750 or I'm not going to put up with it. I'm not going to sit still for it. I'm going to roll on a floor in agony. Here what I'm saying? Agony? We have 540. We need another 210 because that would mean we raise 500 which is pretty pissport in two hours. But at least I would make it worth their while being there. Right? We pay for the gas for the van. Here's a call from Pompeo. Hello. Yes sir. Great show, but I'd like to vote for Creedence Clearwater Revival. I'm so sorry. Why? I just overplayed on Zeta. It's just it was a personal thing. I can't stand him. Overplayed. But they were great. Yeah. Rollin' rollin' on a douche bag. Rollin'. Yeah. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Thank you. CCR. Get him on there. The personal thing, Pete Bulger, played him until he was coming out of all of your speakers. Even when the station was off the air, he could hear CCR. Rollin'. Rollin'. Noziyating. Here we're proud, Mary. Doris have moved ahead 46. Let's hear it for Jim Morrison. Okay. Does there's all a credit in the world? For being a drunk. Doris 46. Arrowsmith 42. Led Zeppelin 41. I told you. Did I tell you? Yeah. Yeah. How'd you give all these other guys a runny start invited like another hour? They'll be down the road carrying a heavy load. On that stairway to hell. Van Hillon 37. Eagle's 30. Metallica 26. Pink Floyd 23. The band died teen. Oh, the wait. Rush 18. Beach Boys 14. Moody Blues 13. ACVC 12. The Who 12. Yes, 10. Everybody else. Single digits including a queen. Let's see. How's the R.I.M. They're on one. Okay. They're here. Okay. They got still two votes. Still two votes for R.I.M. Well, they don't like that Michael Stepp. You know, he's a little bit on me. Minced inside. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hmm. Well, listen to that buzz. Hmm. Good. I'm job online for dinner. Hello. I'm sorry. I want to talk to you with your hummus to love. Don't hummus a lot. Here's Davey. Hello. Davey. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. I got that easy solution for your problem out there. Yeah. Tell Joe and Miguel not to let people spin the wheel unless they buy something. Yeah. You want to see people come flying out of their fast. Well, I'll tell you. It's all the free loaders. Yeah. Tell him. I'm going to the game tonight. I got a novel idea. I actually bought my tickets. All right. Right. Here's the guy to actually pay for tickets. Good. Good. Good choice. Alrighty. David Clayton and Stevie Thomas. Okay. Thanks, Bally. Have a good time. Marlon's. I got blood sweat in tears. Yep. 560560. That would be. That would be kind of amusing though. Oh, you want to spin the wheel for Marlon's tickets? Well, first you got to like a don't need to our charity. Then as part of the, that's a good idea. As part of the deal, you don't need to the charity. I'll give you a big pile of things that I'd be more than happy to spend right on down. You PS. I'll ship it on down, either by 7 o'clock tonight. Okay. 20 before game. So, you know, we're going to go to the next one. I'll go to the next one. And I'll go to the next one. And I'll go to the next one. And I'll go to the next one. And I'll go to the next one. And I'll go to the next one. Okay. 20 before game time. Provost Freelo, does they're going to show up on your free tickets? Oh, I want some free tickets. Please, could I have some free tickets? No, can I have a one to mug 30 years in his crap, man? Can I have something? Anything, please, is the piece of paper? Yeah, I give you a piece of paper, okay? Yeah, stick it in there deep. Okay, Mike, clean out that old brown eye. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. And you're home, man? Pretty good, sir. I got one. I'm 30 as old about 30. When I was going to. I'm 30, man. I know. When I was going to. How about Haba? Haba? Oh, my god. Hucko, we leave them off there. Like world flaming. Yeah. That's not their kind of cool. I ain't know the question. HHH, you guys can play that up that defense contractor drop today. I used to work for a well-known defense contractor. Like I've got one. We're all in the home contractor drop? Yeah, well, that's a bit. That's a bit. The bulk of Brian or is that on the CD? My chance or? Because it was a call, George. Defense contractor. It's called defense contract. I'm fat. Yeah. I think that's what it over defense. I got it. We'll get it on pal. What about for an idea? The race of money. How about taking some in to, like, what the MP3 fights do and take some individual drops and people can donate to what they want stuff like that? Like, put them on a fight and then people can, like, download and play the dollar. They can donate whatever they want. But what time is your show, man? This is the best comedy I've heard in a long time. How is it that we can, man? See you. Have them donate whatever they want. Hey, here's some Harlem tickets. How much will you folks like to donate for these, huh? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah. Here's some good stuff. And whatever you want to donate, how much will you like to give? Oh, Zippity Duda. How much we got by a lady calling yet? Not lately. That's since I gave you the other five, whatever. Maybe we got a big rush on out there. Maybe rush it or perform it. Maybe they're real busy these two guys. So Joe and Miguel. Maybe they're busy. Yeah, maybe they're busy like with each other. And low. This is for 305. 605. You and you. You and you. And here are the lyric. You request it, sir. And thank you, brothers. Thank you, brothers. Here. I am a big defense contractor. Upstanding, Christian, corporate, For a good boy. Here's I am a greedy, thinking bastard. Who's looking forward to a war. Another world works what I must be. I only can serve with my bottom line. Let's fight a war and start the last year. Don't care how many have to die. It's just like me who would've been here in office. And I'm expecting a return. Now finally, with the rubbed spell working for us. Now we can build the St. I. I am a big defense contractor. I am the hop and turn. I for freedom is I have mastered. But when I am home I must prove that I always wear a dress. But they're lying in here. So big, sir. So big, brothers. Yes. Do I sound like Carol Lindley? That was more than the governs. Oh, from the Torson movie. 146. And five. 605. I think I want to play that one. I love it. I played all the time. A lot. So what's the new number now? 700. Well, let's see. We're starting to make some leaps and bounds. That's not bad. Now what do I say? We need to get to 500 for the day 740, right? Right. So that's like one CD and one more Howard David. Teaching. Piece of cake. Right. I think I'll do that. Get with it out there at the Comp USA. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. Ben, 31, Eagle 33, Metallica 26, Pink Floyd 25, the band and Rush 20 appeased the band My ass. What they all. These boys beat boys 15. They started to make a little move. They took Brian and the British and said Brian, time to get up sweetheart. Time to get out there and make the big run. And they got the runs. 15, Moody Blues 14, who 14, ACDC 13, also double digits for Bruce Springsteen, East Beach, and 11, and yes 11. And also the only ones in double digits right now. One thing about Bruce Springsteen. He can't think for sure. Exactly. I couldn't say it better myself sweetheart. 148 at 5.60WQA and we got the mad dog coming up and two the Humpers for it. A big ball game. The wild card, clinching game against the Matt 7 of clock pre game and 7.35 game time tonight. Right down the street. There are a PP Park. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah, I just trying to find out some information. If I wanted to donate, I decided to do like a thousand dollars for the beer, beer, charity. It's just way M or even if that rest would give you a catch form for a light off. I'd like to do it through my business. Oh, well. They will be back on the day. They will be back on the day. They will do it. They will. Absolutely. Can I have some more to get for? Sure. Hang on. Thanks to Advanced Lightway at some line two. See all I'm burrow some people. We got a lot of very nice, well, few. I don't want to say a lot. A small percentage of the people down there. I mean, I understand times and tough and a lot of people are out of work and people don't have two nickels to rub together, but they sure had to gasmide to get over to get to free tickets. So that's kind of interesting. But at any rate, but we have a few nice people. And that's what we have to count on is because the chunks, a thousand here and 500 there, and the chunks. Another kind of chunks I'm talking about. Yeah, like that. Should we chunks? Should we chunks? That's the best kind. Here's a call from a beautiful prestigious geriatric coconut creek, hello. How's it going, Neil? Good, sir. How you? Good place to really go to to really move a lot of that stuff. Like, anywhere south, anywhere I'm sorry, anywhere north of Boka because brown and data is just like so with people that are just having their herding, man. They have no money. They got no life. North of Boka? Yeah, I mean, think about it. Like, stewards? No, no, no, just like Boka, West Palm. I would even say, like, good to laugh, all of us, with the, with the, with the down town full waterdale, where, we're browning and, like, federal me, with those office buildings, are, why do we listen to you or work in, you know, and people who are living out west brown or, you know, anything soft a boat is kind of like dark so to speak. Wow, wow, you know what I mean? Right, a little on the dark side. Yeah, I think if you were to kind of go further north into west Palm, you may be, you may be, you may get a boat. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So how about all the people out there by me and the acres? There are no shlepers living out there out there and where their guys are today. There are, there's no dark folks out there today. They're all working? Well, the guys who are on the houses out there all working? Yeah. The guys are more and a lot of the ones we're talking about, they're not going to stop cutting the water, come by and buy a kitchen. Why the hell not? They're big. They're big. They can better get to a priority straight now. So a little wife, I can't even sit on the air, but you know what I mean? Oh. They're just, they're, they're listening to you, but they're not buying. Yeah, free loaders. They can exactly. They'll have to send the problem with this whole, you should run for governor. Yeah. The hot guy is what we need to have done. No god for governor. Yeah. I can't afford to take the pay cut. Have a great day, pal. Thank you, Ian Boker. Thank you. Ian, or would be a good place? I'll tell you right now, would be a good place. What would be a good place? Listen to me. The people in Palm Beach are always bitching in Belia. Can that we never go up there? And they would like, they love it. I mean, we have a big audience in, not so much in West Palm. We have some in Boker, Delray. Sure. I'm thinking like right by the lights, you know, like by that Boston market, we could put the van right there and they're in their parking lot. Okay. No, she thinks that's a good idea. I don't know where that is, but I'll take your work for it. What do you mean, don't know where that is? Well, as far as you're not a Boker person because you can't afford to go there. You can't even afford the gas to get there. What's the good? I'm not going to go the Brian and Boker. No, I'm just just keep it in mind. Okay, the address is North East corner, grades in 441, X to Boston market. Phone booths, motel somewhere in Miami would row beyond. As a matter of fact, I'll tell you what we're going to get you. Row beyond the autograph your CD. I'll get my shovel. And that'll be worth that. It'll be a real collector's item. So they were going to move his hand manually. And Robby is going to scroll his autograph on your CD until they get a best of. Okay. We'll bring back the ghost of Tiny and Winnie. Both of my dogs will like put their pop prints on there. On 53 at 560 WQM it's that time of year again. All the big mattressists, stores and a furniture store is cranking out their phony add sales because they're desperate. Well, that amount of mattress wants to ask you one question. If you double the price then offer half off. Is that really a deal is it a sale? No, of course not. The fact is these stores have to run a sale that come even close to be in the same league with the everyday low prices that dial a mattress off as you your entire life. For this gone prices on dozens of models from silly, sort of tempered pedic Simmons King Coral or Sturgeon Foster called 1-800 mattress. No nonsense, no bait and switch, no house brands, no falls, promises and best of all. You don't have to pay a premium price for the best service in town. You get service like you dream about for a delivery team right number one of the world of customer satisfaction. When you call that number 1-800 mattress is the easiest piece of buying you'll ever do in your life because you'll pick today in time for delivery. Any tour, one of that's convenient for you seven days a week from 8 in a morning till 10 a night when you're going to be home and they'll be there on time. You'll be sleeping like a baby the first night. They take away the crappy old vetting and set up the brand new one for you for nothing. I've been sleeping on a mattress for years and you ought to be doing the same thing with low prices. Same date delivery free setup and move like I just said it's easy to see. I dial a mattress is ranked the best in the world and customer satisfaction. So it gets sucked in. Everybody likes getting sucked but nobody likes getting sucked in by those mattress showrooms or furnaces to rads. They can't even go close to matching what dial a mattress off as you each and every day. Pick up that phone right now and call 1-800 mattress. They'll be knock it on your door and no time at all. 1-800-MATTR-ES or online it's mechrist.com. So what do we got? We got a total? Not lately. Oh, I got shit. I'm not. I was just feeling like I got on this couch. You're okay. What is it? She's okay. No. No. No. The floor keeps changing all the time. No, no. I can't keep up so I don't try. I thought that what was off so deep these days. The rushes back in M.C.M.M.M. From home to home. So  with, whatever. Well, what's up today? Let me know. I'll do that one later. Okay. Bye-bye. Hey! Then the right show unficed is of the same way, my own former hero. He prefers a company of men. Absolutely.