Or that the Lord even loves Neorodges. I'm gonna make him an offered guy. A rat! We'll meet again if we don't want up there. From the bush caught in the left of the service way. Oi! We both end up blind so cold. It was our doom. As the bombs dropped from the stars come far away. Gang rape is funny. Maybe we should have paid attention a little bit more to the bats. We chose to ignore. The price of Gang-Cherstie-Clung, but I'm afraid that the law won't be the Lord. Tell a joke. We'll meet again with our home that my boy. Jorge! Civil rights will be restored once on a day. Oi! That's all this way. Jesus Christ! 9-02-5-60. Nobody can play. I'm happy you're too busy. But, quite a morning this morning already. I think we should go home right now. How many things this morning? I had a bonding moment or two this morning. Oh! That's correct. I went back on my word. I said I would never speak to that creature again. And I came in this morning who was sitting in there where she seems to do a lot. With Zach and Robert, I think probably because other than guilty, nobody in the building will speak to him. But anyway, he stays in there during a break. And as I'm coming around a corner there, he's waving at me like, like, frantically like his long-awaited best friend. So being the old softy that I am, I wave back. You know? About 10 minutes later, I go out to take a leak and it's another break. And sure enough, he's sitting there again with Zach and Robert. I think they got something going through them. And I come back, he's waving again. So I like take a look inside the window and I wave back. And I open the door because I hear him tortling. And I said, what have I done to deserve a welcome like this? And that began a warm and fuzzy series of exchanges, the likes of which you've seldom seen. Then guilty was to wander around a whole smell really bad. I think guilty, I didn't realize it, is one of his things that he's going to his functions in a morning show. He has to carry around most bag when most of them in studio. No, seriously, because something smell like death, I mean, oh, good, god, guilty. Maybe guilty just farted. Or maybe he had like a load in his pants. I don't know, but good, god. What do you know, when you're under the tremendous pressure that he is on that show, it kind of explains it to me. Maybe he's shimin himself. I don't know. But it just stunk. I mean, a stench like death, or it could have been most piece, you know, it could have been that thing too. The dead must grab on top. But we had a very, very fine bonding experience this morning. Ask me about those UM baseball games. I guess maybe he's get a little bit nervous, huh? And the don't give me this day van boring is great, guilty, because day van boring is just awful. He is terrible. Up, up and away, I don't want to get into the Marlon thing, because it's partly neurotic repetition that is outflow to bud. I had a spy report from one of our people that yesterday they didn't have programs because the place that made the programs had that was hit by the tornado. But they didn't have the winners, not enough to feed everybody according to that Larry guy that called Mo on my way to work. I heard that this morning. They didn't have enough winners for everybody. That's why 37,000 plus on opening day. Don't pee on there parade. And all I heard was negativity driving it about, wow, Jeffrey Loury is this. And here's the interview with a mad dog yesterday and he didn't say anything. I heard like nothing but negativity. I thought I was supposed to be the negative one, right? I think it's not negative, really. Negative, nearly, nearly. But just an awful lot of negativity on that. And so they played a crap game. There's 161 more to go. It's part of the same neurotic repetition trying to force feed hollow-of-hot of the herbs. They don't want it. They don't like it. They don't want to know from it. But see everything in sound flow that has to be a soap opera. Other cities, they have sports franchises. They're successful. That are mediocre. That are not so successful. They don't have good attendance, bad attendance. And it's like, you know, that's what it is. But here, everything is a soap opera. And it's just never end. It's always the same neurotic repetition. And see, are they going to sell out? Well, anybody show up? Does anybody care? Do they have a, see, the operative word is free. If they gave away some free crap every game, there'd be a whole bunch of people there. They couldn't hear a lesson about the volume. In fact, if George would known about the free winners, you might have showed up. It's right down the street. That's right. Actually, we had a pass. Yeah, here at the station. Well, there you go. You had free admission and free winner. What more could you want? No program because, but you don't care about that. A limousine ride. Limousine ride with them. And I would maybe thought about go. Okay. You know, as Carlos and his grand-power there yesterday, which, and he's not showing up for work today, called in, he has other obligations to take here. He eats so many winners. Could have eaten too many winners there. Some, the too many winners is bad for it. That's what mode told me. 1274 votes on our podium today, which of these best describes South Florida we asked. 1276 to be exact now. Yeah. But, and a republic. 470 out of 1276 votes. It's a banana republic. Is it earth? Uh, intellectual wasteland 173. Land of Crooks and Snooks. 165. Land of 7,523. 9.6% says South Florida is the land of 7 fun. Out to our funeral parlor, 199. Haven for rubber rafters 102. Magget magnet. That's side in vote for that. But that is one of my favorites. I love that expression. I maggot magnet. Michael Jackson, I see he's going to move here now. What I tell you, O.J. Michael Jackson. It's a maggot magnet. It attracts every slow life piece of scum. Every undesirable. Magget magnet 75 and paradise only 59. Jesus Christ. Not too good. So more has a very small number of people out there who would agree with him that this is paradise. Maybe it was that here piece that smelled so bad. Oh, there was the odor of something in the hallway there. Alex, you have never in your wildest nightmare smelled anything like that. Maybe it's our plund. Again, is it could not be it? No, I was in there at Smoltfun. I see. No, I was in there a couple of times taking a leak. In fact, I'm going to do that a lot more. In fact, I just going to go out there and pretend I'm taking a leak. And then come back so I can walk by and see if Mo keeps waving at me every day. How you doing, Mo? You asshole. Anyway, here's our pool today. Oh, before we get to the, I'll give it a pull now because it'll allow Eric to put it on there. And then he can eat the rest of the morning, unencumbered by, uh, obligation to do stuff. Here's the pool. And it isn't exactly what would Jesus do. But I noticed in his letter to the editor that somebody sent me from Fort Myers, newspress. Thank you very much by the way, J.R. Where we work. Uh, there's a thing in there about what would Jesus do. Here's my question. How does religion permit the carnage of the war in Iraq? The killing, the meaning, the bloodshed, all of these things. And I've got you six choices. God wants us to kill our enemies. There's choice number one. Choice number two, it doesn't. The 10 Commandments say that our shot not kill. Third choice, it's self defense. So God will allow it. Fourth choice religious fanaticism is at the root of the problem. Uh, fifth choice, even the Lord loves meal Rogers. I thought we just heard that. Jesus Christ. And last choice, God doesn't care. He's busy with ball games. Which we've discussed many, many times. All these athletes are always looking up in the sky. And it was the Lord done it. And God, by the bond, or praying to the God to be on their side and help them win the game. So God obviously is very, very concerned about points, friends, and who's going to win the ball game. And who's going to stay healthy. And who's not going to stay healthy. All you athletes out there to get injured like Derek Gdus, they're opening game for the Yankees. And he gets into the right out of the right off the bat. So to speak. And maybe he and the Lord have got to like commend their fences like me and Moe. You know what I'm saying? Uh, yeah. So there's your pull again. How does religion permit the carnage of war in Iraq? God wants us to kill our enemies. It doesn't attend Commandments say that our shot not kill. It's self defense. So God will allow it. We're just finaticism is that the root of the problem, even the Lord loves the arraggies or God doesn't care. He's busy with ball games. WDQAM. Hey, you know, yes, sir. Speaking of right away. Sure. I know when this, uh, this whole God was fake because you do what? What? Like the God, the crap you were talking about, how to put that player's talk about God and everything. Yeah. Well, I know what's piece of crap when they said that he's everywhere. And when they say he's everywhere, or same time, like, talk about fanacals, everyone's fanacals. He's everywhere. He's everywhere. Yeah. He's everywhere. Like fanacals. Right. Right. God kiss my ass. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. You understand that? And I say God kiss my ass. You say, uh, was that Neil God kiss my? I'm not really sure. He was kind of like mumbling. Well, that's good though. We got a good, the first call with their get out of his system. New pull is up already. Nice gun, Eric. See when you fact Sarah to pull like I do it about 730 in a morning. He gets it up there and then he can free to eat the rest of the day. Let's do the break. And then we got some very important letters to the editor in response to that one for the first one of those three from last Friday. Thank goodness, by the way, there's some people out there have the balls to respond. Because this is QA and where we have a little teeny tiny pair of my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, we're a sports for the old five six. Oh, you, a, yeah. I'm. Just, just, just, just, just tell me what your problem is. Language tape number six. The convenience store. Follow along and repeat. Convenience store manager. Hello, may I be to helping go for leave? Repeat. Hello, may I be to helping go for leave? Customer. Yes. I would like a pack of Parliament lights. Convenience store manager. You want a Parliament light? Repeat. You want a Parliament light? Customer. Yes. I would like a pack of Parliament lights. Convenience store manager. Uh, these are Parliament lights. Repeat. Is these a Parliament light? At least one. Parliament. Customer. No. Neither one of those is the Parliament light. Great. No. Is it this one? No. You want to find a minute? Yes. I want the Parliament lights. Please. Is it this one? No. The Parliament light. No. No. No. No. No. What did you see? What's in laundry hand? Is the Parliament light? No. Turn this tape over for language tape number seven. Ordering Chinese food over the phone. 9.15 at 5.60 WQM happy Tuesday. To hear the facts that says George, can you have Neil Play convenious store Parliament lights operator? Hey Neil. Should I play it? Yes. I just didn't find it on the web. Well, there you go. We're like right on top of it today, baby. I want to lighten up a little bit. Yesterday was very heavy duty and depressing. And, you know, all needs to be said that I don't want to get like two heavily morbid and all of this stuff. Because nothing I say is going to make a goddamn bit of difference. Even though this is the only place in the universe. It's you'll find anybody saying these things except for what's in hand. Who's in a dream world? Just like Mr. Ego. So we had a spy report. So George, you're going to answer the phone, which is a bad mistake. I mean, we're going to have a lady who said that Mr. Ego and his little cast of misfits, little brine and all the others. Both the others. They every time we do a poll, having anything to do with the war, like today, I guess, they free the poll. Okay. And, of course, we've noticed a tremendous impact not on those polls because with that vast audience that Mr. Ego's got the first of all, the old cochers that are listening to the light bulb junior, ultra light bulb. Those people don't have computers. Thanks Bob, there's Bob Iceberg with my Hall of Pony at Copy. Thank you. It's not. Barbicus. What was my Hall of Pony at Copy? Bob Iceberg? It's the first of April. That's so April. Full on Mr. He better get with it. Yeah, I'm going to talk about his hair piece again. He looks pretty disheveled this morning, any? Looks like I have noticed. Looks like crap on two legs. Or am I confused new with Mo? Now, what was I just saying before he opened the door and interrupted our show? There we go. Oh, yes. Mr. Ego, open the door. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. I think the red really caught me around and I really душed him. OK. Oh, yes. Of course. If you don't know how to make that into your old prison or how to file a security exporter. Seriously? If you don't know how to use theク kill, I guess. I Legislative House, you know. It might be bigger, because ... Well, it might be smaller for a good test. Hold hands. Okay. But we do need a lot of effort. Yeah. So maybe we lose something like a multi-spore public 25-number-performance man. We know that different than me. were murdered. How does it? 14. Right. Seven of them were killed. And then there were like three injured and then two that were murdered and another report that there were actually 10 killed. I see. So it's seven or 10. Take your pick. It's just more human life being wasted because of the fact that the, you know, the Bush, Cheney, Cartel, has got to go in there. And this is like I said, it's basically the only place in a world you'll hear anybody speak the truth on radio or TV. They should not have come again. They shouldn't have been doing that. I see. Stop. They should have been. Anyway, don't get started again because then Mr. Eagle will free par pull. It can't control himself. I can't stop. Yeah. 21 votes. God doesn't carry his busy with ball games. Eight. We're ligious fanaticism is at the root of the problem. Six. Even the Lord loves the aradrars. Three. It doesn't. The 10 commandments says, though, shall not kill three. God wants us to kill our enemies one. And it's self-defense. Oh, God will allow it. It's God. Oh, run so far on our very famous pool. Come on. Start that creep and Stevie. Mr. Eagle, get going. Reach a real audience out there. What you're obviously not doing. Stephen, his living says underlings. Well, speaking of underlings are good friend of mad dog. Remember him. Oh, right. Really let us down yesterday. Pretty wimpy. Pretty wishy. Washy. If he asked me. I challenged him. I too down to God. Let us said, let's see what Mr. Mad dog this thing about any Jones that often is protesting that we've got balls, QM billboard. We find to get some billboards. The first time in five plus years that we've been here, we find to get a little outside promotion. Thank you so much, Greg. Better late than never. And what do we get? We get a bunch of clowns out there responding to a miscreant, which there are no words to describe wacky Jackie Thompson. Why would anybody even pay any attention to him at this point? Huh? It's the right time for that. I see. I see. I see. I forgot about that. But anyway, first on a shaleala, which you know, we figured well what does she know? Balls. I mean, she probably never seen any anyhow. Don a shaleala. But you have them. They got been out of shape. They wanted their name removed from that billboard. They want to where she was appalled. Okay. Now, any Jones of the dolphins is upset and wants to dolphin logo removed from that billboard. They much owe dolphins. So I figured man, dog being part of the dolphin broadcast being an ex dolphin, Superbowling, wearing dolphin, old number 88. I figured he probably have something very heavy to do the say about that. And so I said here and listen for a couple of minutes and sure enough, he did respond. He says well, Uncle Leo, blah, blah, blah, blah. And it was like, Wimpy, you know, like, ah, geez. I mean, how could they be offended by something as silly as that? And it was like about a 10 second thing. And he just, you know, when zoom in right by it, that was it. I don't think that's an adequate response to you. Now, I understand he wants to protect his own little empire. He loves to be in the color guy and the dolphin games. The audience loves having in their and I think it's great. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. But he's sometimes you got to stay up and be a real man. Be a real man as opposed to some of a, you know, county, pink, or fag, whatever to held dresswear's. Yeah. Takeless. Yeah, things like that. But you know, man does your manage. I am a pussy. At least he admits it. You know, he just don't have the balls. So that thing about we've got balls at certain day parts on a station. We've got balls. Other day parts were just shields were just shameless shields for the organizations. And that's just the way it goes. You know, I'm, I'm, I'm bad. I feel bad about that. So anyway, before I get to that letter, WQAM. Yes, sir. Actually, what he said was Uncle Neil White's house. He's a little say Uncle Neil White, not it. Yeah. No, no, no. He didn't know. He didn't say that. He was talking about he was talking about the dolphins and the hurricanes. I heard it. Well, I thought he should Uncle Neil White. No, I'm already light enough. Anyway, here's a, so Friday, I went through those three letters to the house. People know I'm doing a screenless thing. This is, this is him. You think maybe we've turned the corner today? I think, I think that bonding moment or two with more this morning was the beginning of a whole new relationship with the audience with life in general. Market down Georgia's marking an out of the counter. See, they think it's an April Fool. Maybe that's what it was. Got my slow. Am I slow? Oh, what? That must have been what that was with Moa waving and we had chatted a little bit and it was spelled it. It says bonding and Moa meant M. O. D. M. E. N. T. A bonding moment. I think the audience isn't too happy about that. I went back on my own. Huh? For you're not allowed to speak to him. I know under any circumstances. I just thought it was amusing. And he must figure in my old daughter ring age, although I'm not nearly as old as he is, but he must figure out all the time. I was not forget about all the nasty evil things he's done to us and attempted to do and where everybody else likes your back, Zach. And then he goes in and it consorts with him. That's the best part of the whole deal. He doesn't understand. They hate him like poison. Moa, you just don't get it. Do your in denial. Because the minute he walks out of there, they're making all kinds of cost to comments about him. I shouldn't have said that. Sorry, Zach, and Robert, they love Moa. A lot. The Moa, they work with him. The Moa, they like him. I know I don't just make a matter. I know you. I must have mean that. No, I mean the first part. Which one am I making up? I don't know. I'm confused in myself. WQIM. Good morning, my speaking Neil. Speaking sir. Good morning Neil. Good morning to you. Tap in the morning. Not for the morning to you. You know, I was listening. You know, go, leave listening. Please play a couple seconds. You're baseball play by play. I don't have it. Well, you got it. I know you got it. I don't know. I mean, if you'd like me to leave now, I can go home and search for some old cassettes. I'd be delighted to do that. Look, Fred. I'll play some Philips. Why have your permission to leave now? Okay. See you later. Okay. I'm going to open this up. And what is that? Let me just say this to you. Okay. I don't need to prove to Moa Howard David or anybody else what a good job I did on you. And baseball, I happen to be a very good play by play guy. Also hockey, which he don't even understand what hockey is all about. I'm a great hockey announcer. But quite frankly, rather than compete with all the F's, Josh, to try to do play by play and be a sports guy, I decided to do something else that I'm making a lot more money than would have had I try to be a play guy. See what I'm saying? Well, no, what do you said? I'm saying forget about it. It's all in the past. It's the ancient past. And it's an ego thing with Moa. You know, oh my God, he might have actually been good at that. That would bother him. The fact that I would have been good at doing play by play. That would disturb him greatly. I know that. And I know you're less than Moa even though you lied and say that you don't. On that long long haul backup to Boca where I'll be old, old, far sloof. Well, that doesn't count anyway. Play by play baseball and hockey. That's not like football, like a man. Real man, right? Who protest about the week got balls billboard? Real man like Eddie Jones. Hey, Eddie. I think maybe you and Donna Schuley like I've gotten common at you. Need a one. You have any balls. Anyway, we'll get to these letters, but I'm going to take a lot of calls here today because we're trying to like lighten things up just a little bit from yesterday when everybody was a little bit too intense. Don't you think? No, I thought it was great. I did. I can't do that every day. I'm going to have a nervous break. I'm not going to change anything. What am I going to change? Intermittently. Yeah, once it's a great while when the mood strikes me because you know us here at QAM. You're a man. I am a pussy. We know that. In fact, Eddie Jones probably has naked pictures of Mad Dog and Joe Rose at home somewhere, which is why he just don't say too much. WQAM. Yes, sir. Absolutely love your pole today. I was talking to a right winner yesterday who tried to convince me with a straight face that not only would Jesus be Republican, but he'd be a member of the NRA. Oh yeah. It'd be in favor of huh. I always thought that the depictions of Jesus make him look like one of those hippies. You know, like one of the peacemakers kind of people. Exactly. And then I'm wondering, I'm wondering what the next generation of army posters is going to come out where the Jesus was appointing finger we want you for the US. I mean, with this current administration, how long can that be? I can just see it. I can see three of them. I can see one of those billboards where like we got the one where it changes, you know. And the picture starts out is Osama and then it turns to George's W. And then it's Jesus is head on the body. Yeah, let's go kill somebody in the name of Christ. What do you think? There you go. Yeah. Have a great day, Palli. What do you say? Let's go out and kill some people in the name of our good friend Jesus Christ. Nice going now. Thank you. I got a quick finger, baby. Just ask Mohill Tanya. Here's a fact that says, I don't know. I just I just got a little bug up my ass today. Little bug that is mode on. Don't get carried away. What are homophobic asshole. He is I mean, just have sest of said that time. Huh? Like Archie Bunker syndrome. You know, is that what the old fossil man? Just a homophobic puts. Lighten up a little bit more. Okay, anybody that's been raped and it is many times my guys has you been well, they didn't have packets in his day. I see. What's he smoking? Here's the fact that says, I don't know if you have noticed that Phil Henry is a total right wing asshole. Are you sure? That's what it says. He likes to point out that he's a liberal who supports the war, but if you listen to him, which I've stopped doing, you can tell just how much start him has changed him. He be rates people who don't share his view of the war. He does maybe one comedy bit on a show now right down the crap or it says. I went to the PETA website, P.E.T.A. I always call it that, but it's really PETA. And they have a picture of Mohan there. It seems they're pissed about the skunk on his head even skunkers are better than that. Yeah, it smells real bad. Okay. At least I think it was the hairpiece. Hey, I think it was guilty. Maybe he was farting up a store like you said. Yeah. Maybe it was his PETA. 20. Maybe he didn't worship. 26 past nine at five sixty WQM on a great Tuesday. Oh, innocent men women and children. Little babies getting shot up and killed butchered. And America's going around. Yeah, we're number one baby USA USA. Yeah. What do you say USA? And like his last guy said, all the guns, what are their OER? Jesus will be a card carrying member of the NRA. He'd be out there shooting up a book. Schmacht ahead and he'd be a kicking ass. See, like then I say the yesterday religion and this whole thing, there's no difference. Same thing. And well, it's not the Shiites, it's the Sunnis and know it's the Kurds and North and know it. And it's all. It's like that thing out of a money python. Right? Which, which militant ethnic group subgroup are we talking about? Which one is the good one? Which one is the bad one? Is it the all-onsar Islam? What which one is it? And now of course we're frantically screwing around trying to make the connection between the Kaita and Asadam. Frankly, he are in telek. Wouldn't you think that would be a thing we'd have done that before? Shut up. I just mentioned that in passing father paranoia. I watched it again on DVD. Yeah, and it's got all the other the extra scenes in it and everything. Like when Linda Blur comes backward down the stairs and her head spins around. Have you ever seen that with the extra scenes in it? Yes, I love it. One of the great movies in a history of mankind boys and girls if you wonder about all these things that are going on in a world that I get the excesses. 28 past nine at five sixty wqam. Hey, you know this copy the Todd Drek has got here for fast train is unacceptable. It's unacceptable. Todd just like you are your piece of crap man your piece of Drek. Anyway, you folks out there if you find yourself how to really bad that end job that you hate like poison. Maybe hate your boss like poison. Call fast train and get yourself on a road to a real job. But a real paycheck. Call one eight six six fast train. Get out of your dead end job. Get started in a new high-paying computer career. No excuses anymore. Call fast train. We've been talking about this for a long time. Even guilty talks about it. What is that? Tell you. Call fast train at one eight six six fast train. They offer convenient day. Even when we can't class this for you. Check them out of the web at fastrain.com.com. Get out of that dead end job because the computer professionals are in a high demand. Call fast train today. They got locations all over town. So there's bound to be one nearby where you're hanging out. They're in Miami, Kindle, Pember, Pizzer, for a lot of nail. So like I said, they're nearby you. Register at fast train.com to get your free American flag bumper sticker is the case. Maybe call fast train today. Call fast train at one eight six fast train and get a big fat paycheck real soon. This is more training in FI-City. I'm the QAM. Greetings for the last book. Yeah. I know it's more thought-in. You're a good person in the US. What you're back to pack? Are you a boy from a no-mo? No-mo? No-mo? No-mo? What you back to pack? Will you wait for a little more? No-mo? No-mo? I got enough. I gotta think about enough I get in right there and I don't need a rating that I might not say. Don't care what you do. I'm gonna send this to you. You gotta wait a little harder on the guest tomorrow. A rocic cuts to go. There's a lot of fat producers you know. That's right. What you back to pack? Will you wait for a little more? No-mo? No-mo? No-mo? No-mo? No-mo? Out of my place. I'll pull you on light below the wall. Oh, brother.inent gullible? I don't understand, and you can need from a truck while using both of them. Perfect. That's much a- 메yn's cool. You just like sleeping's all your곳! Should a straight-yet suit your fat ass out? No, take them low to do your math. That's right. That's exactly what you want to do when you're reachable? No-mo no-mo! Back to the back. You're going to go home. Go home. This is what we said. Go back. Back to the back. Go home. Go home. Go home. Go home. Go home. Go home. Go home. Go home. Go home. Go home. Yes. You've got a job. Go home. Go home. Go home. Go home. Hi. I'm 32 at 5. I'm 60. Here's a fax. Hello. We already know about this. You. I thought everybody got him out of there. And then he claimed that he's more inside than he was before. They moved to a different location. He's got, uh, and anyway, it's kind of ironic because Fox News channel is who he's working for. And they were calling Peter our net a trader and just excorying having an interest break. By the way, Peter our net was hired by the British newspaper Daily Mirror. I just thought I mentioned that in passing. But Fox goes on there with a Peter our net story about how we got canned by MSNBC and by a National Geographic. And their own reporter, Rallover Vera, may have endangered troops by drawing a map in the sand that detailed where the hundred and first airborne division was. Uh, which was, he was traveling and wasn't embedded, but he was traveling with him in a rack. How do you like that? CNN MSNBC reported that River was being kicked out of a rack. He says it ain't true. He says he's still in there. He said he tied a yellow ribbon to an old oak tree and, uh, uh, and then Tony Orlando are bonding. You ever see them together? Same person. Same person. Only Tony's got a little bit more of that couldle time religion. We're looking today for the answers on how God and Jesus and all of this other how they permit this carnage, this grotesque crap, all of this bombing and innocent people on all sides dying, having their lives snuffed out, having their limbs blown off. He likes it. Does he like it? Yeah. He liked it in the Bible and the good book. I'll tell you that. He liked a lot of that stuff. Come on. Don't leave one standing. WCWM. Yeah. Yes sir. Good morning. Good morning to you. No. I'm something curious happened to me this morning. Chronic. What? No, no. Didn't I talk to you yesterday? Yeah, but I haven't talking. Yeah, no, no, no, I haven't. I say. I mean, he's a good guy. I like him. He had some interesting stuff there yesterday about, uh, G.R. Which took me. I was thinking about that. George Rodriguez. He just doesn't realize you spell it with a Jake. Right. He's, um, he's probably weak in or something. No, no, seriously. And that's what you're talking about. I don't know you and Carol and we're that tight. But he's the guy to call this yesterday with a little, personal tidbit. And anyway, what is wrong with you? Why are you like hypervettelating in there? He's that's the guy. And my, I know my voices man. The guy. And the fact that we like him a lot. Sir, don't take it personally unless you want to. Your great guy used to be a wonderful caller. But the two days in a row is a no, no, no, no, no, no. You know, I can't hold a lot of action on it. That's okay. Because I feel a lot better today after my bonding with Mo. And that's no April fooling. But it was just, it was like I told you as it was surreal. It was just, I walk in the door and I look in there. And he's like, wavy and me like, frantically like, hey, how you been? I like he knows I've been here for a few days. Maybe it's National Brotherhood Week. Is that what it is? Oh. He said everybody hates the fangs or something like that. Is that what I buy? Everybody hates Jew. Oh, I see. Does that include him? I wonder if that drag cool down and said, I wonder if that thing is Jewish. It's kosher. I wonder if it's your conspact. So anyway, last Friday with it is three embarrassing letters to the editor who are ripping the protesters, the anti war protesters in the Harold, including one by Alan Savits and Carl Gable, who says, if we allow freedom of expression during a war, we'll result in the death of many good Americans. So anyway, I was read that a couple of times it was outrageous. And in this morning's Harold finally, no April fooling. In this morning's Harold, here are two letters. Jason and Weston says, shock and awe is what I felt reading Alan Savits's March 28 letter, protest protested. I can't believe that an American citizen would put forth an idea that law should be enacted limiting freedom of expression under any circumstances, much less support the thought that opposition to a war should be considered an act of treason. Consider two countries, Iraq and pre-World War II Germany. Under this view, we'll all start goose stepping and towing the party line, once the majority has it say, that there's no room for dissenters. Does all well come to mind? Yes. The American flag still wave for all of us, just because many people questioned justification for this war. Doesn't mean that we don't support our military forces in love our country, while said Jason and Weston are like that part about goose stepping. Sarah and Miami Beach rights, Alan Savits accuses anti-war protesters of treason. The US Constitution explicitly defines treason as consisting only in living war against the US, or in adhering to their enemies giving them aid and comfort. Since the anti-war protesters are not engaging in any of the above activities, they're not committing an act of treason. Furthermore, they're right to assemble as protected by the first amendment, which doesn't include any conditions for evading freedom of expression during wartime. Anti-war protesters have every right to protest toward that they believe is wrong, even when the war is already underway, being against the war is not equivalent to being against American soldiers. I have the utmost respect for America's troops at Marathon greatly, however, from also against the Iraqi war. Nice going, Sarah and Miami Beach, very simple, very common sense, makes all the sense in a world. But people like Alan and the Gables, though, continue to write this swirl, this garbage. Let's just give up all of our rights and just dummy up in Gustav and line as Jason said. Let's all of Gustav. Any answer is, we're not gonna Gustav, how do you like that, huh? We're not Gustav and baby, some of us. Whether all these right wing Bible, thumb and hypocritical assholes like it or not. 116 votes on a poll, how does religion permit the carnage of the war in Iraq? Religious fanaticism is that they root of the problem. Just take that and stick it in your pipe and smoke and Mr. Eagle, you jackass. You pathetic Tony, will only goofball. Hey, just wait till he mobile. With all phony body parts. Seriously, can you name me one part of his body? That's you, Richard. I don't want to break them. I think that might be it. I bet you maybe he's even got a phony ass. You do that inventory. Not a one two. I'll resmelt some bad crap this morning in a hallway. Look at that's Brian. Was it, was it, was it, was it his bag or was it just guilty? Look dropped a pitch to loaf in his pants. You think it was something man, something really stuck out there in a hallway by guilty. Peter. 66, say religious fanaticism. God doesn't carry his busy with ball games. 27 of you said that. And of course this is a sports station. So, an extends to me. All you jackass, jacks out there pointing up to the sky. And I learned it and he helped me make that great play. That great catch, that great run. What a, what an embarrassment. You know? How is it that people watch that crap and they're just not nauseated by it? Yeah? I mean, I realize you don't watch any because you don't watch ball games. But even if you did, to see some, a little bit more on, put it. I was speaking of a little bit more on. Skipping just walked in. Oh, there you go. Get with it, Skippy. And by the way, well, tell Bob Eisenberg that if you don't give me that new halid copy in the next hour or two that we're going to rip him an ass on here. And youank that wig off to and get Charles off area to toss him out. Get time to get with it, Skippy. And you too, by the way. Has he got like orange hair? He's strange. He's like your cartoon character. He's a strange little dude that's gippy. Although I'll tell you must have something. Chris grew on to give him a big, client list. What he got here. Yeah, you don't want to say it? I know. I guess what screw-in is if he give her something big, she'll give you back something big. It's your work with. Roooo! Get it for tatin. That was George. With a G. Who's tat? Let's see. Even the Lord loves Neil Rogers's 19 votes. It, let's see. The religion doesn't permit this to take a moment and say, That's how she'll not kill 10 people so that it's not the fence. So God will allow it to. And last and the least, also with two God wants us to kill our enemies. Yeah, smite them. Smite them all. Don't leave one of them standing. And then of course kill the firstborn children, the male children. All of these things. All the instructions in your Bible, you religious, you God squad out there about how you should kill this one and kill that one. And so, so naturally this has been going on since the beginning of recorded time. Sure. Because you just following God's orders. Just like the German said, we was just following orders. Ta. And speaking of the Germans, by the way. You understand the stop-open stuff everywhere. Twenty-before-ten at five sixty-w-two m on a swell Tuesday. Oh! It really is. It's a great day. I don't know what it is. I'm not fooling though. I just have this feeling. I think it was that Mow bonding this morning. Remember Carl Allen had a great horse, a trotter named Mowbandy. Remember that church? Mowbandy? Who? And I think it was the Mowbanding. See Carl Allen. Right Allen. There you go. That's for Dick Feinberg. Okay, who squeezes himself every time I mention a harness racing name on here. That mentioned Brian Sears is God. I'm sorry again about that week interview on a phone brand, but I didn't think it was you. I thought it was a ringer like, like you did. You know, for years I've been telling you about the health benefits of old young men. I've told you because the stuff really works. It's great. Old young men self-gelts contain pharmaceutical grade olive oil. I can't say that word, you know, because it's just, that's why they put it in a copy. Pharmaceutical? See? I can say it all by itself pharmaceutical, but in the middle of a sentence I just, it contains really good stuff. Not just ordinary pedestrian olive oil, but super concentrated loaded with health benefits. Old young men everyday can help reduce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol. Plus there are 14 different oleomate formulas to choose from. Each one containing pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins, minerals, and urbles. To support specific needs from your bones, your blood pressure to your immune system. You just pick out the formulas that are right for you and what you need. And don't forget there are three new oleomate formulas. One to help your sleep, one to help you control your weight and co-q10, self-q10, which is very important and great for your heart. You'll find oleomated public's echryd's Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, Navarrozen, Sedano's Ordered Online at oliomedamerica.com. If you want to get more information about their products and what they can do for you, column toll free, 1-866 oleomate. That's 1-866-653663, get your oleomate that ain't start feeling like a real human being. My life and local career sports radio 566-U.A.M. It's my doing it! The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to dominate people's guilt with the gas that we sold him. First time a presser nation and the only one that's going, now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing. Forget about Korea and the nookster to tought it had the right wing. It's really good over and over and too hard hit. That Iraq has some. That the nookster's destruction. Three thousand people killed. Our now forgotten, let's exploit him and stand. And there's no one else who can help us. We're not going to be able to do anything. We're not going to be able to do anything. We're not going to be able to do anything. We're not going to be able to do anything. But let's exploit him and stand. And ain't there's oil to be caught? Going after some time too. Planked a lot of, there's no longer mention of. The name is lot of, but no one seems concerned of. The empty and complacent believe in every word of this cartelist administration. That controls us by fear through linear manipulation and the right wing. Is drilling it over and over and too hard hit. That Iraq has some. That pins of mass destruction. The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now, not the ice drop is saying. I have nothing to hide. Table partners always say it. I know idiot, cattle don't have any reservations. That would have provoked Babylon. We're the Nio's ancient, old regime's must-ball. And have a virgin installed with no objection at all. Tell the crap don't have the ball, man. The right wing is drilling it over and too hard to operate. Watch, man. Iraq has some. That pins of mass destruction. Only I drag has some. That pins of mass destruction. Why don't you go back to Canada, you too fast. I might have to because at least my equipment up there works, you know. I noticed again during that bit just like yesterday. We had some noise. Now, you think it's possible because I'm not really all I permit you with what the maintenance on CD players. But isn't there a thing where you have to clean like the eye? Sometimes it can get unaligned. I'm going to tell you I think we need to do this one. Clean the brown eye. The light is getting dirty. The what? The lens, the laser lens. Right. I think our lens is dirty. He was in your ass. This morning as he always does every morning is everything working. Okay. And I'm mistakenly. I said yes because I thought it was a dirty disk yesterday. Why don't I call book a bride and have him bring a when he brings his disk. Yeah. To reburn those. And see if that makes the difference. No, no. But I would make a difference. I've played you and understand. Oh, this isn't a new disk. I've played this a zillion times. I've had this and it sounded just fine. So obviously it's a it's a. It's a. The, then in problems. I'm thinking of the problem, equipment problem. A equipment problem. A queue. A queue. A. You know, it's just part of the course. I may have to go back up there. And you know, risk my health with that. Sars epidemic up in Toronto and Hong Kong and all around the world. The strange. Pinnomonia. It's not real at that. But people get freaked out. Right. I would mask on their post. Let's see. Here's a facts from. Oh, there's holios. He's right on top of things. Did he hear what I just said or do you just wander in? the index that is because this is not the same when we had the problem yesterday was the upper one. Do they get like dirty? Is there something that needs to be a different disc? Not a Boka Brian disc because he burns those at home you know. You don't understand the disc. Don't degrade. Yeah. Sometimes they do. Sometimes they can. And that's sort of a time. It's a bread. What's the data on this? This gets only like about a month old. The date is like, well, you don't put the date on your your puts. Yeah. It's like from the last month it's like from March of 2003, Mr. Try a factory disc. Jesus God Almighty, what is wrong with this man, huh? We steps such a classy show until this little faster gut involvement. Of course, I was a long time ago. I'd had homemade discs. Decrade on me. Okay. Well, let's try to Clinton and do it on 60 minutes. Well, they can't degrade that yeah. They can. It was not in cheap crap. Oh, we got 16 minutes. Take two for the riddles. And we can go with the flame. It's Clinton versus the one point power point on 16 minutes. I'm a woman of butter. I'm a lover too. I just made a whole hell. When these two political companies square off nothing is out of bounds. Your lives, but hey, that's out of bounds. Nothing's out of bounds. Didn't you hear him just say that? But Clinton and Joel, I'm the economy war. The environment and show millionaire. I would not have picked Zora. And no kidding. Everyone knows your marva sweeps. Where gulp gulp kind of guy. Clinton and Joel. Point counterpoint. I will open up a can of what that's on you, Bobo. How kick your butt with one hand, Bill, which is a good thing, I guess. Yeah. Clinton and Joel. 16 minutes. This is pretty. So you think that the bulk of Brian's this are degrading? I've heard it said it has something to do with the burn rate. I've heard that they're humiliating and degrading. Especially that condolese one. That's what I heard. Well, so that one sounded okay. And I was a factory thing. If you use a fast burn rate, I've heard it said. You increase the tendency that the disc will degrade. Well, excuse me. Okay. Well, if that's the case, let's play another cut from the same disc because if the disc is degrading, wouldn't they all be screwed up? Stand three. Since you're the experts, you don't understand it like that. And then you're the numbers. Huh? Oh, yeah. Sure. So let's listen a little bit of this. If it'll ever play, come on already. Oh, you think right. Great. Hey Brian, bro the person you're an asshole man. One hat's Brian. Okay. What a shmuck. Ottoman real time. Jesus Christ. Is that embarrassing or what? I'll call him now. Now, call him up and tell me's an idiot. Oh, he's listening. Tell me's a little lemming. Don't make him feel like all depressed though. Oh, I know how don't I do that. 170 nine votes on a poll. So thank you, Julio, for being aircaring enough to send you very best. But it's us as usual. It's us. Worst, Roda, it's Voka Brian, not us. He's an idiot. What is he doing? He's using his one that the struck like I'm mission impossible? After you listen to the CD, Mr. Feltz, it will self-destruct. Is everybody's doing? Maybe he's using his backup computer. Maybe he's backing it up. Did anybody QAM? Hey, new. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Oh, great show you stay was dynamite. It was sensational man, but we don't want to do that too often. I'm getting too old for that. Do it more often. I heard you ripping on how it turns on yesterday about M. M. B. on the right. Wean side. Yeah. Okay. I wonder where his stance was going to be at I don't know. He wasn't on the air during the Vietnam War. Yeah, and then did he come in this time? But, sir, let me ask you. Why are you asking me this? So, I mean, I don't understand. I just don't get them. You know, at one moment he's supposed to be key-loving on guy next minute, he's going to be on their side. Well, I mean, he just evidently has joined the parade. Everybody's sold out Phil Henry and Howard's during everybody was supposed to be cutting-edge. Counter-culture, real radical. And all of a sudden, they've goose-tipped it in the line. I don't get it. It's a sad thing. Pretty scary, though, isn't it? Come on, John. Keep strong, yeah. Okay, thank you. I mean, I guess I'm the only guy who's stupid enough to keep you know, a swimming upstream, climbing up hill. Fighting against the tide, all of these other stupid cliches. Maybe you have a conscience. That is, it's kind of the new one that I don't I don't ever come on here and give opinions based on what I think is going to be popular. Good, God Almighty. You know, the, you know, it is, you fag, I mean, forget about that, right, act, you know? I've maybe will do the board again Christian thing. There are two good for Mr. Ego, though. All that panoramic work and two good for him. And it was 10 Odeentas. He's got, creeped my pole, my ass Steve. What a hell you can. I, they listen to the computer and creep Neil Rogers pole. That old, uh, I'm yonkel. Here's a long facts about the Dave and boring. All us, I was very good. Fast, thank you for the West Palm Beasts system. But I want to be that on here because we don't want to do a lot of Marlon stuff here. I think, Moan Geldie, covered it very, very well at a great length this morning, you know? What else is there to say? But he does, the fact that he does have a good point. They had a suit. I mean, the game's stunned. They, you know, give a bait runs early, but they clawed their way back, made a game out of it, late when everybody was gone. But the point of the, you know, at least they're making some kind of an effort is what he says. I, uh, remain, I mean, I'm yet to be convinced, okay? Because this outfit, I think they're still just biting their time until they have to move the franchise in a couple of years. And a lot of people are just getting sucked in by the free winners, you know? Anything free, bubble head dolls works for the Panthers. Feel that, oh, it's a free bubble head doll. Let's go daddy, you know, three pins, ball cap, they, or whatever it is, this is a great time for giveaways, man. You got something free, just like this show. You watch all of people are going to be calling in for free Marlon tickets. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. You mark my words, man. They'll be lined up from here to Okatobi. All the right, now we only got one roll on sleeve, was something pretty depressed about that. WQAM? No. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm in here and like what are you doing to that? You're in Lake Worth. You don't sound old enough to be in Lake Worth, Mr. Hi, you know, um, I heard you mentioned Phil's name. Yeah. I'll tell you what, man. He's got to have the Rush Limbell blow up, though, drawing. Yeah, but wait a second. He has taken so many steps to the right. It's unbelievable. It's unreal. Yeah. I mean, and not only is he pro-wrought, but those of us oppose it, he just ridiculed us and he just thinks that we're anti-American and the man. He's unbelievable. I'm pretty stupid. I thought that he was a pretty sharp guy, but I mean, and again, I don't think he really believes that. I think he's probably saying it because of the fact that that's the clear channel company line and he wants to be, you know, he wants to be on the side of Fox News and all these other right wing assholes. Hey, you know, you brought up your phone today about the religion and if it had anything to do with the war, they had a, I was watching a world news last night and they actually had Bush on September 16th to 2001 stating that the United States was going to undertake a crusade. Yeah. And the whole gist of the thing was whether or not the Christians were going to have a crusade again, and move them. Yeah. You know, this whole thing now, I mean, I'm sure you've been watching the news as much as the rest of us. And you've seen people from Syria, Lebanon, they're coming in by the busload. People, you know, they'll do anything for all of their people. They said they got 5,000 of them. So the Iraqis claim 5,000 of these. It would be a suicide bombers who want to go up their lives for all of the, even if evil doers. Even if the thing is not off, it's going to be just like these really power stinging issue. It's never going to stop. Well, like, uh, Hasnababaric from Egypt said yesterday said first we had a one-bedlock, and now with thanks to this, we're going to have a hundred and a half. I got one question for you. Yes, sir. We'll happen first and end to the Iraqi war for a panther home when. We'll do a pool. I love you, Neil. Thanks, Pally. But let's do a pool. That'll make more happy. He's all been out of shape about our pool. And then he has to spill it out. Home a full be a man. Everybody applies to the fingers. Everybody who's worried about everybody else who's listening to them with to me. Those people are all a little bit suspect. You catch my drift. And of course, keep in mind, these sports guys who looked at him around the locker room a lot. I don't know. I'm just, I'm just thinking out loud at this point. I'm out making any accusations. I'm not pointing the finger at anybody other than clearance. But other than that. What? No, clearance still had that big smile on this post today. He's still pleased about that. Back home close to personal encounter he had with the beast. Always said he wish the beast would shave it a little bit. His breasts. Whatever was that he had contact with. He wish he'd shave it. His legs are a terrible. This is WQM where we have balls by the way. Inspired of what Eddie Jones and what's your name? Donnish and Shalely think. And wacky Jackie. We don't give a crap. Okay, how do you like that? We don't give a flying crap. Greg would finally grow a little tiny pier. Just when he didn't think of what happened. And he finally said, hey, we'll find out who really has the balls he said. Nice going there Greg. It's about time. Oh, schmuck. 957 at 560 WQM. What's the schedule for today? And the elcense you always do such a great job of promoting everything in everybody on a station, including even more in guilty. And more bandy. Jim Man is your one. Jim Man, I'll end the building. I dare him to come in here and look me in the eye and say he didn't add a quit job. I mean, I realize it's not something if this spent a lot of time on, especially he was out of the game yesterday trying to get a big crowd which they had thousands of people walk up by the tickets. That was good. They heard there was a free weeny. But now today that he's in a studio, no excuses. Okay. I want to hear at least 60 seconds. I'm going to get up to stop watch. I want to hear at least 60 seconds die. Try to about how juvenile and childish and embarrassing it is for the U of M in the book. My me dolphin organization to be upset about us having a billboard. This is we got balls. Talk about humorless. Talk about tragic. Talk about pathetic. You know what I'm saying? All right. Yeah. So get with it, Mad Dog. Quit being a pussy. That's where you're clocked. We got Hank Goldberg from Vegas. Thanks got a better gig than I got. He's not only is he all over the place, but he's in places where he loves to be. He's over to sports book right now plunging his guts out. Well, probably not at 7 o'clock in the morning. He will be. 630 got to Chicago Panther preview 7 o'clock tonight. The Panthers at the Washington Campittals and other road game, although the caps are really desperate to win that game because Tampa may got a tire last night with the Bruins. How about their Ranger Atlanta game last night? Anybody see that? No. Wow. What a game. Those trashers look out for Atlanta next year. In NHL they're going to be something. They are really exciting to watch. But the Panthers the Avengers did get one desperately needed point. They still don't look like they're going to make the playoffs to which we say good any can to the Panther hockey game in Joe and Mark overnight to spew a bunch of anti-war propaganda. Now what's their take on the war by the way? Do we know? I don't want to say. Still reluctant about buying a bed over the phone? Don't be. You can lie in bed on a real comfortable mattress. Listen to the Joe and Mark overnight. Show between 26 and just throwing things at the radio. When you call Donald a mattress, that's how I've been doing it. It's an intelligent way to make a purchase like this because you don't have to run around wasting gas and time and certainly not money. Donald a mattress carries only the best in the business. They got silly. Sort of Simmons King Coral. The top names that everybody knows and loves in every size and style. In other words, you want it. They got it in stock waiting for practically immediate delivery. And Donald a mattress has more repeat and referral customers than anybody in the world because they know how to treat their customers right and they'll do the same for use. Once you buy a mattress from Donald a mattress, you'll never go back to those showrooms those vetting and departments do as again because this is a piece of cake you just pick up the full make that one easy called a 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATT-RES and they'll be there in O' Time at all. And don't forget when you do buy your mattress from Donald a mattress, another bonus for you. They take away the crappy old smelly bedding and set up your brand new one for free. No extra charges, no rip off. Donald a mattress sets up the new one takes away the crappy old smelly nasty soil bedding for free. So make the call right now and guarantee yourself months and years of great comfort and a good night sleep every night with Donald a mattress 1-800-MATT-RES that's 1-800-MATRES for a good friends at dial a mattress. My life and love this is for 3-05-60. You're way too way, yeah. Immacodant! This is Joe Bow on the Voice with a Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God! If you watch only one reality show this season you'll want to watch the show where the kids finally get into the action tonight on Fox. The premiere of Touched by an American Idol. Young boys from all over the country will compete for the affection and fortune of American icon Michael Jackson. That's the beautiful thing. Touched by an American Idol. What's it doing now? It's called growing and changing. It's reality TV like no other and you get to vote on who gets the sleep in Michael's bed. Touched by an American Idol Tuesday night at 10 on Fox. What's wrong with sharing all of them? But I don't want to share. Can't I do it 5-60? WCM happy Tuesday, to issue some very bizarre fashes here. That's pretty unusual and it says from Steve, it says first time a fact-of-long time listener I'm on AOL it's the worst in this week AOL put you on their not recommended website list. You following that? No. Who are you talking to? Book of Bride. Well, tell him to get his act together. Okay, and put the given us these degrading pieces of materials burning one now. Yeah, and it's pretty easy. We're in one. Not case. AOL this week put you on their not recommended website list. I don't know what that means. Huh? It says and then trying to get to your site. I got these responses which I don't know what that means. Thought you'd like to know. And it's just I don't I don't know what that means. Fox news is right underneath her. Well, that's great. Tell me a chance to check out what the right way you look and fix are doing. Okay. At Fox News and Newsmax.com. We don't really give a crap about AOL. And they suck. There's a devil. They are the devil. They're the evil doers. We got 217 votes on a poll. And he's been up close to an hour yet. So we must be getting somebody going through under besides Mr. Ego's uh, creepers. Jeepers creepers. There must be Steve's creepers. Huh? How does ran? We have one call yet about the religion thing and about how God just sits back and and is on our side. That's what the George is always saying. George W. That is somebody facts as me. This speaking of that German president, Rao criticizes Bush's religious former. The German president says weapons inspectors were the right solution to the conflict with Iraq and the combat zone US troops kill eight unarmed civilians to check points. German president Johannes Rao has added his voice to the millions of others expressing harsh criticism of US president George W. Bush and that he's reading against the Iraqi regime, reacting in whatever it's missing a line. In a TV interview broadcast yesterday last night, Rao challenged Bush on a subject that's very close to the US president's heart religion. The German president whose position puts him above the daily skirmishing among Germanist political parties said the Bible didn't call on anyone to conduct crusades. I don't believe that a people receives a message from God to free another people Rao said. He added that Pope John Paul II actually had the right religious approach of the conflict with Iraq and that aes leading up to defiting the Pope's dress the war would be a defeat for humanity. Whoever decides that all peaceful means available under an international arts audit assumes a grave responsibility before God has own conscience in history. The Vatican said last month, how do you like that? Even though of course the Vatican is full of crap, but nevertheless even the答ering old clown like the Pope says, cut it out. W. Cut the crap. Here's another fact that says the favored forelander word down here is FRE. Even the grossers have it figured out when they say by one get one free instead of 50% off, restaurants give a free appetizer or dessert. Gas stations give free car wash with fillet, these are just a few examples. You can offer on your show free tickets to the beach and lines would light right up. Sound flow to equals cheap says this facts or let me say it again. That's the only correct. Price is right on the phone calls by the way which I don't see very many of I were doing screenless and I have one line flashing pretty embarrassing in it. Well it would be normally. Okay. W. Cut the crap. Hello. W. Cut the crap. Okay. There you go. There's three in a row. Three good ones for it. That's the soft load audience for ladies and gentlemen. That's the material you folks have today. Just pathetic. I thought we were going to have a good time today. We did for the first hour. No we're having a good time. They're not. They suck. Is there anything new about that? No. They just blow man. Really blow a big time. Blow chunks. W. Written's mirror hires fired. Fedor and Peter are net. Written's daily mirror said yesterday at hired. Fedor and US reporter. Peter are net set by mercanty v network NBC after he told a rocky TV. The US war plan against Saddam Hussein has failed. I report to truth of what's happening in Baghdad and will not apologize for what he told the tabloid. Although he did apologize. What does that mean? Right. He told the tabloid newspaper one of the most prominent opponents of Written's involvement in the war. I'm still in shock and all being fired. The Muslim board are net who want to pull its surprise for his Vietnam War coverage. Road under the headline banner. This war is not working. So I took him less than a day to get up a job. He's given his opinion into a new thing and say in his piece. Walbert Kronkite has a lengthy piece. Where did that appear by the way? I guess in New York Times an op-ed piece. Which is on our website today. Neorodges.com. I'm not going to read it. Speaking with the enemies in New York Times. I don't know he's all over the place. Poor old Walter. But he does say at the very end. He made a mistake by granting the interview to Raki TV. Mr. Arunads firing is more than a personal setback. Within gone from the airwaves Americans have lost an iron Baghdad that had proved a valuable addition to our knowledge of the mysterious enemy. In other words, he was right there in the middle of the action as opposed to CNN which got kicked out in a rest long time ago. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon line. We want to hear about the Marlins game yesterday about the free winners about the missing programs. Don't we? No. WQAM? Yes, good morning Neil. How are you today? Okay sir. This is Neil. You know, you're you took this poll you're taking about God. Yeah. If I will miss God is right now he's on vacation and if you're new to that. How do you have the account you've from? I you pull crotch TVN sucking money out of the public prison God's name. And that's why God's that won't watch this world. Okay. Thanks. We didn't warn him where that were you were that? What? South Florida, baby. We're doing it. We are doing it. What am I doing here? You know, I'd rather catch SARS. No, you'd rather take my chance with a Baja about this weather. What about it? You don't know that's true. I have no idea the other day. I'm not not that crazy. Another week or two I can handle it right now. Let's get rid of that influenza outbreak up there. Okay. Of course, that's only like in a couple of hospitals. And then they had the quarantine one school I was right across from Scrabber or a hospital because the kids were eating at the cafeteria and they were all walking around with gas with masks. You know, yeah. Not I've got it. But you know how people kind of like panic when something like this goes along. Especially at these times, you know, these times when everybody's a little bit on edge. Purple alert, purple alert. Well, maybe that maybe that's what I had when I was taking the aspirin with my plan. My skin was turning purple. It was a purple alert. Yeah. It was from inside. Maybe it was the Lord telling me you're taking too many drugs. Purple alert. Yeah. Oh my god. Look at that. It's the old purple people leader. WQIM. Yeah. Hey, Neil. I do have a little silver lining for you. You're ready. Now that is today's a squirrel. As I was driving on the turnpike the other day. Yeah. As the sun was just starting to go down. I looked up and I saw your billboard. Uh-huh. And it was amazing that the reflection that the light gave on this look like the Virgin Mary and your billboard. Oh yeah. The Virgin Mary desperately appeared on my billboard. As a matter of fact, we've we've talked with a Virgin Mary to try to get her to go on a QM generic billboard. The one that says we've got balls. So the dolphins and her canes will be more impressed. No, actually I thought that's what Jesus is never lining up at that one. I wasn't sure though. Yeah. Thanks for the good news. All right. See us. Oh, here it is. Rich Pactor. Always come through for me. This is the Andy Rune commentary from 60 minutes. Yeah. Then I'm going to read it. It's not very long. Rich says I too was impressed with the Rune segment on Sunday. I usually don't watch the show. Rune out years ago, but sought and didn't even know what Andy was still alive. Well, I'm not so sure he is, but the eyebrows tell you. Did you see the other piece by Bob Simon on the eye at all in waiting in a rant? No, it's somebody called us about the yesterday to not see it. Hope you're feeling well. Yes, I am Rich a lot better. PS Phil's book been like this since 9.11. His inner redneck has become dominant apparently. That's that's sad. That's pathetic. Are you sure? We never even saw any inkling of that when we worked with Phil. I thought he was a California sushi roll. Right exactly. Well, there are a lot of people from California who like, you know, pretend to be one thing. Huh? I'm not going to mention it. I didn't say pretend to be one thing. And then they turn out to be something all together different. You ignorant slut. Yeah, there's another good example. Redneck in the hiding would just pick up trucks in this all a crap. He's a redneck. Rick, Riley. I mean, you're California redneck. Just go ever been to Orange County. I'm not talking about Florida. I mean, California. I don't go back. Okay. Out of your smart. So, well, don't let me forget Andy Rune one. We come back. Lots of heavy duty stuff here on this end. Okay. We're prepared. We got our ammunition. There's Bob correct the White House. Many Iraqis have been ordered to fight. God he sounds just like the president. It's 11 after 10, buddy. I guess it goes to sure if you hang off hang off it long enough. It starts rubbing off. Anyway, let me speak out of that. The wait is falling off your body with balance for life. Their food now is better than ever. I'm back on my little black sack. Maybe that's why I feel so good today. Maybe the urban rat and the to a salad ramp. I'm wrapping it, man. I'm an old rat for myself. They're delicious. Have you ever had the urban rat? Yeah, I love the drama and the coal slime and it doesn't have that money sauce. You know, I can root it down. Or whatever it is, it's delicious. Anyway, with balance for life, you lose the way to delicious way. You're happy. You don't feel deprived and starving to death. There's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, no calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting. They do all the figuring for you. I'll based on the principles of the zone diet by Dr. Barry Sears. No relation to Brian Sears, but he wishes he was. Anyway, get with the real weight loss program balance for life. They bring in that little black sack. And that's where we can't say second and more. You're a little black container. Well, if we say sack, it sounds like balls. No. Right? Pouch. Can we say we've got sacks? We got Zach. At least so far until Moe Kansas asks. Anyway, little black sack has got all your food for today and they bring it to you. They deliver right to your door. By 6 a.m. at your work at your home where we want to deliver it. And the three gourmet meals are in their two delicious snacks. And the food is fresh. It's delicious. Nothing is frozen. Nothing artificial. No added of no crap. Just great. And of course, you choose between two choices each meal every day that you're on a program. So if you're tired of all the other diets that you've tried and failed, if you're sick and tired of feeling no energy, feeling in the lousy and also looking like crap with all that extra weight, lose the weight like the beast is doing right around 60 pounds. You can do the same or probably even better because you won't cheat as much as he's been doing. Call balance for life and let them do the job for you. Call 9, 5, 4, 5, 6, 8, 32, 29, your to yourself to give this a try. Lose the weight to delicious to smart weight. 9, 5, 4, 5, 6, 8, 32, 29, or check them out of the web if you like it. Balance for life.com. My life and love this is for your five six six six. You way can weigh them. Hey with my nose. Oh Sarah. Oh Jim. Sarah. Shouldn't we be using you know. Out. Don't worry. I'm using the new sponge. Oh. Hi guys. I just love these debt together. Don't you? Who's this? Um Jim. This is Bob. Nice to meet you Jim. Hey, I got a great idea. What play a day? Who will cure interrupting something here? Time's in. The new contraceptive sponge Bob showing to be 95% effective as a method of birth control. And so if you're talking to see if sponge Bob is right for you. Well, time to get back to work. Oh, why? You got you dark him here. I'm Bob. Do you hear what he just said? Dufflings he just said, uh, I don't want to say the word to any scent because then we'll lose our license. He said, oh my god. Like seconds before open a mic again. Good timing. Do you hear that? He said, no, I didn't hear. No, wait a minute. Did you hear that? Oh, see it's not to see these. You're blaming Booker Bryant. There's something that is like dirty uh, potter here. What? You don't hear the, uh, that was a little bit on there. No, it's not. Oh, he does like dirty pots. All the pots are dirty. Our potter's dirty. You should have picked the seeds out at least. Don't you hear that? And the stems. Oh my god. This place needs a douche. We need to do something. You're cooking up. See? So, and you're blaming Booker Bryant. Oh, it's a disc that this is a degenerating. It's somebody generate made it. Probably a your full of crap, man. Listen. See? It's in these pots. It's in this board. She, I hope, but holy, oh, ain't listen because you'll come in here with a vacuum cleaner and suck everything out. You know what I mean? Here, that? Hmm. That's not good. No, I want to see. It's a good thing Duff came in here and said, because otherwise I wouldn't have played that one. You see, when you're playing a bit, you don't hear that in the back, but the, see? Even the audience can hear that. What kind of a crafty equipment you people using, you're supposed to be radio-ish. Right? We're not even like a real, like a good make-believe radio station. Oh, and you couldn't hear that the first time. What is wrong with you and you, and you, Duff? What? Do I have to speak a little bit louder? Well, that was clean at that time. Yeah. Purple alert. Jesus, God. This whole, this whole, and what are we going to do about that? Because that's on a different pot. It's in this board. I think it's sabotage. I think there's sabotage going on here, ladies and gentlemen. The one station. And there's to speak out against all this insanity and all of a sudden, everything's like all screwed up. Or as Duff was going to say, all, f*** up. You hear that? Let me crack it up. Oh, man. That'll wake those bastards up. Here's a couple of passes. From an ashamed American one says, well, don't get too carried away, okay? I was listening to eight sperm this morning, and the callers started land based in Vodd's pro-war views and boy was how he upset. I guess the true thirt's, the caller labeled how he a shill for the conservative right, and quite in his political slant for a party that's continually trying to rule his kind from the airwaves. Of course, how he put his foot in his mouth claiming he voted for Gore and therefore how could he be a right-winger? Syria is sending suicide bombers into Iraq. The US has proof of terrorist funding by Saddam and every other propaganda, least news clip for fed to him by this bush dictatorship he was quoting. Have you heard bush is setting his sights on Iran now? We're all doomed. Signed in the right, same listen. Because being a little carried away. He must be listening to Robisfeld, Syria and Iran must better watch out. And you better not pop because we're pretty f***ing upset. Well, that I am upset now. I was feeling so good, you know? It's this, it's this room. I got to go back to Toronto because this studio was unfit for our human broadcast. Yeah, it is. It's piece of crap. It's it's in the board. How can I you think it's just in the speakers? It was in on the air. You see what I'm saying? There's no way to know for sure. Well, it would be if somebody would call it in and tell us. WQAM? We're talking for you. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, get him out of here. Get out of our face. See how can they tell how it sounds on the air? It sounds like this on the air. Yeah. Five, six, seven, oh, yeah, no, you know something? Yes, today I'm driving home, I'm trying to listen to the mad dog and we got the old thing back going up 441. The signal is like impossible. It's never been this bad since we worked here. It's like you're right. So how we have any audience left beats the crap out of me? Welcome to QAM. Hey, Neil. Audio check, yes, sir. Hey, uh, there's audio check. There's Orlando on the radio, but it's static. But anyway, I'm calling on the signal. I'm talking about the signal. I'm talking about the, uh, you hear that? Yeah. What is it sound like? Gwap. Yeah. But anyway, you're in a connection? Yes. It's been screwed up for a month while I go to a web page and I have a road letter. Yeah. And it connects the server and it bumpers and it plays for about five seconds. Literally buffers, not every time. So we are the only complaint we've had. It's got to be you. And I take the road runner and I chase his ass down. I get the Oli Kawali Kaori. Well, when I go to QAM website and try to connect the listen at place, find once it connects. Yeah. Let's take about 10 minutes for the player to connect our website screwed up, George. Okay. Thanks for the good news. So all the equipment is screwed up. Let's hear it. No wonder I haven't ever sprayed that one. I'm here. This place is just not fit for broadcast. This is unacceptable. Radioish. Yeah. No, not even radioish. I mean, we don't even resemble the kind of crap we got in here. I still can. Oh, that's on the air, man. That's not just in the speakers. Because you're listening. What do you mean? Well, you just, maybe it's, uh, if you're going to test the pot. Well, what else are we got? How about you understand to just stop all keeps track of everyone? Well, it can't be just that one sound. It could be. I get out of here. You know, why? Oh, wait a minute. That's the cleanest part. I ever smelled sure. You know why it could be just that sound? Because I took that beat from our short cut. But I've had it as any time. Maybe just never noticed it before. Yeah, get out of here. We got, we got static on a CD. We got static on here and now it's one CD. Yeah, the other crazy. You're in a lot. We can have Hulu here and pretend to do something with the back. Oh. Huh? Let's just do that until the whole one of clock. How could it just be a coincidence? Do you hear that? No. Clean is a whistle. Yeah. Maybe you exercise the pot. Maybe you're cleaning it out. When and out, I cleaned it out. Listen, that is a pretty easy one. We're going to do transmitter and a equipment maintenance here during the year. We're probably going to 50 share. Okay. Now it's has to all the other pots individually. Yeah. Look at let's smell some clean them. Oh, that's right. I'm up on get all of a set again. Like he did with Anthony. Oh, I got part of the story on that. What is the story? Story is there is no story. What do you remember? I've had didn't happen. He saw them all coming out of a car. All of a sudden. He saw a smoke coming out of a car. As they were exiting the car, the people, the aforementioned people, and possibly others that we don't know. Yeah. We're exiting the car and a big cloud of smoke, exited with them, and stuff was going to his car. He just waved and said, like, like, hey, how are you doing? Yeah. I know it. Who made up that story? Who made up that crowd? I don't know who told you. Some of the salespeople, I think, was high boy that was in there. Gossping with a fat piece of turdman. That fat. There was no issue. There was no comment. Was all that. So anyway, muff was in there and said, Yeah, he did say that. And then he ran out of here. Oh, that would be in trouble. I'm going to be a troubled, very interesting. I'm going to be in trouble. So there was no lecture. No one was called into the office. See, it was just another fantasy story here at QM. Nobody called in anybody for smoke at a little wacky weed. Okay. In fact, that's our middle name weed. Right. We're going to put that up in the next billboard for managers last thing. Right. Right. Weed. That's correct. I know somebody who probably says that. I don't want to mention no names. Now, I want to hear this facts. This is the epitome or is Edward Armouro said the epitome of what's this town is all about. In fact, I'm even though we got a short break. I'm going to do it first because I want to spend at least four or five hours on this. All right. Mark in Miami. Mark, you have set me off, baby. All I can say is, have a nice life. Neil, where's the fun? That's how it starts. Now, let me do the break and then we'll come back. I know you. Well, you'll love this because you cannot please this town. No matter what you do, you can't please unless it's something for free. Maybe Mark would like a one-demon. Can we give you a one-demon mark? Oh, that's a free weanie. Help. You can't please this crowd. Talk about hard to please. But, clean. Oh, it's nice and clean and pristine. Rhymes with salial queen. 10 25 at 5.60 WQM. By the way, speaking of salial queen, I saw Bill Tannoy in the hall yesterday. So, you sure were funny. I thought, funny. We did a real heavy duty series show todays that he's in say, boy, you sure were funny today. Modeled old troll. Are you picking on? This is the Tanner Building Mr. I understand. And we're pretty nervous about it. Hey, if you've been thinking about buying a new barbecue or any barbecue accessories, you've got to go to one place. BBQ's galore. Don't forget, get a head start on the barbecue and season with a perfect grilling accessories. All of the guaranteed lowest prices in the universe. BBQ's galore carries barbecue's in every price range. None of the sun from the top of the line commercial great stainless steel grill to the more portable Weber charcoal grill like the one I got. It's great. For all your barbecue needs of the guaranteed lowest prices, don't forget, shop barbecue's galore their implantation on the University drive in a fountain shopping center called 9 5 4 4 2 3 14 100. And also in Carl Springs at 74 85 West sample road at the corner of sample road in Rock Island. Call 9 5 4 4 7 5 7 6 6 8 9 5 4 7 5 7 6 6 8 for that location. BBQ's galore they be the barbecue specialist. 5 1 local V6 is 5 60 3 2 3 4 4 4 4 5 6 7 8 4 5 10 11 12 more By theları Manuel Scott got a construction but so played straightforward Here's a wheel gone, bombs so fab of blasts we're going to jump and I'll love you Alright, we're going to farm around the Black Tune Night. We're going to bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb. After lights we're going to bomb John and my home round the Black Tune Night. I don't think there's a boy in the shore. I don't think there's a boy in the shore. Please, I know! I want to bang him of God, tell me. 1028 at 560WC, we'll get to that facts, but first Andy Rooney. With a big eyebrows. Remember I said I was going to be the Andy Rooney, and if I don't do it now, I will put it off to the side, bury it and see if these other important facts is. Rooney on 60 minutes on Sunday night said, we all find war more interesting than we try to get. We're all find war more interesting than peace. Anytime death is imminent life is exciting and we're watching this war is always a video game. On television it's hard to know where to look to find what you want to know. There are pictures on top of pictures, moving print on top of those. There's more than the eye can see or the brain comprehend. The generals are giving us to play by play action from their Hollywood studio and Qatar. They're telling us everything but we don't feel we know anything. Some reporters are attached to military units and we're getting stunning coverage from them. We're seeing war firsthand. We're all asking each other what we think too. Strangers ask me what I think is if I was smart because I'm on television, I have opinions, no information. Experts talk about precision bombing but on the ground where the bombs hit it's not precise. People are killed, history destroyed. We didn't shock them and we didn't often in Baghdad. The phrase makes us look like foolish braggards. The president ought to fire whoever wrote that for them just in opinion. We haven't caught been lodans who were transferring the blame for 9-11 to Sodom who's saying. There are soldiers who think that's why they're fighting. Who's saying is a bad man who didn't have anything to do with 9-11 just in opinion. When I see President Bush with soldiers, I wish he'd been the one who'd wore himself. He'd know more about where he was sending those soldiers just in opinion. It bothers me that America's hated that I don't like to be hated personally which happens and don't like my country to be hated which has happened. I have one opinion I don't like having. We have stores of biological chemical and nuclear weapons in this country. If we were losing this world we as the last resort use them. I'm afraid we might. Who's saying has chemical and biological weapons. If he's about to lose this world we'll use them. I'm afraid he might. I wish my America had never gotten into this world but now they were in it. I want us to win it. What a great commentary by Andy Rooneyman's talk about balls. That was great. And of course that's why nobody's watching CBS because they're in the tiny minority. Just like you're as truly just on a show. Boy you know it's a good thing we got that gigantic February in the ratings. Because from now on I'm worth the mercy of all the war or the bullet huggers in the box and the bush. And that's why it goes I don't care. Like I started to say before before I interrupted myself. I don't come on here and give opinions or take positions because it's going to be popular. Get me ratings. That's crap. That's garbage. And so some of these people are being very inconsistent now who are like obviously pandering to what they feel is the overwhelming majority of the public. Are you sure shame on them? I'm embarrassed for them and humiliated. Anyway mark in Miami faxes and I'll say again this fax to me represents 20 cents. 27 plus years on this on your in this town. Listen. Neil, where's the fun? Three question marks. Yes we know wars bad. We know that there are gay priests in the church. We know him always an asshole. We know that station management is useless. You keep saying you don't want to do topical radio but yet you keep going on and on about to depressing war. Obviously the wars of major issue but there's a million news channels and websites that we can get it info from. Let's have some fun. All of your recent polls are so serious. What about having a fun poll during these depressing times? Let's go back to your favorite. Like yesterday we did a war poll about which statement is more relevant to South line. I thought there was some hysterical choices on here to South Florida. Anyway, what about having a fun poll during these depressing times? Let's go back to your favorite movie favorite TV show favorite song. Gathering a list for those polls was fun. It kept our mind off all the Schmidt happening in the world. I love your show. I'll listen to your guard. I just wanted to share my thoughts as Mark and Miami. Well Mark? Yeah. We can't please you, can we? Are we doing a heavy show today? No. Have I talked about gay priest in the church today? No. In fact, did I talk about bonding with Mo and kind of it a- Yeah. Right. And let me also say for some of you simple minded people, the poll is not to show. The poll is something we do every day on our website. Sometimes we talk about it. Sometimes we never even make reference to what other than read the results. Not what the show is. The show is about whatever you want to talk about. Understand it's not too easy because you got nothing to talk about. It's a supplement. Yeah. It's an appendage. It's part of the show. That's all. Like when you go to a lot of websites, they got to pull on your free to vote. What do you think about this? What do you think about right? And those poll building shows while you eat. They hate them. Oh, they're turning. We took a poll on that. You're not sure. We don't want to hear any of that. Those long, likely polls where people call them and say, like, two words. Gone with a wind. Yeah. They got the bottom to explain what you want. They call up with whatever they think you want. Exactly. Just name a whole bunch of things. Good. That's a little bit of a small thing. What's your favorite? It's a little bit. I thought your brain was going to suck. Yeah. I think that's the problem. So anyway, Mark and Miami were delighted that you listened, but the cut the crap. Okay. Where's the fun? In addition, which is our poll today, like really super serious. A couple of the choices on there. God doesn't carry his busy with ball games. Everybody serious. Even the Lord of the New Rogers. Yeah. Heavy duty and very serious. I mean, light knuckles a little bit. And I'm trying to like, trying to like pace it. Like yesterday was probably a very, very serious most of the four hours. They were trying to have like a little lightening up a little bit. And here's the guy around. Oh, it's not keeping lightening. He'll keep it light. Where's the fun? Yeah. Probably up his ass. Probably got a whole bunch of creatures crawling around in there. God, all mighty Mark. You can't please these people for love or money. And again, let me say the prices right on this show. You like it? Great. You hate it so much. Listen, bye bye. That's it. You can't stand somebody who's not a warm-unger on a year. Bye bye. You can't stand the truth. Bye bye. And I'll say it again ever since this war started and before it started. I am still waiting for the first person to call this show and give me any real justification of why this war is going on. Not that I wanted to discuss it every day all day, which I'm not doing. In their press. Let me show you the Jordan Times. See, I mean, we could put that on all day. I'm not doing that today. I want to give everybody a rest, including me. But it's always the personal attack. Wow, I sure hope I'm glad the troops can't hear a faggot like you and the things you're saying. That's great. That's brilliant. All of it does show us your ass. Show us where you're coming from. Just like Mo. Ornt we attack on 911. Oh, God. Yeah, so let's invade Delaware. Okay. It's a lot smaller and lot closer. We've made Miramar. We know the terrorists are actually there. There you go. Listen, made Miramar. Let's not get too close to the track. But other than that. Blue alert near a mirror. Miramar. Purple alert. God Almighty. I think I'm just going to play Godfather Dropins. Okay. Dropins. Yeah. Dropins. We just go to the Imperial. Daddy Fontaine will never get that movie. I don't care how many take all getting you. What? Great. Come out of the woodwork. I'm German Irish. Well, let me tell you something. My crock, Mick, friend. I'm going to make so much trouble for you. You don't know what it was. Come to lawyer. I have not threatened. I know almost every big lawyer in New York. Who the hell are you? Yeah. Who the hell are you? See, we got a whole bunch of those now. What I didn't know. Well, I never used that one. So what the hell do I know about it? I don't know. See? Sight unseen. Without even changing the thing on there. Very good. Thank you. Huh? Excellent. What's the only one I know on there? Oh. Here's a fast coming in. It's fast cover sheet. Don't you hate those? Why? And look at that. And the second page, which is voted nothing on it. Why waste one piece of paper when they can waste. I guess who this is from. It's from Mark. Mark, who I just read the fact that for a fact from. Hey, I hate to break the news for you. Mark, but your second message is a blind sheet of paper. WQAM. Yes, sir. How you doing, sir? I'm doing very well. Thank you. You just made a free and slippery few moments. I'm sorry. You said that we're not going to talk about the gay priest in the church. Yeah. Well, whatever. I mean, I was just reading from his facts, but I really said. Okay, thank you. Don't be so uptight, okay? Don't be so uptight, okay? Everybody knows. There's no fact in the church. Right. So they couldn't possibly be gay. So try to get Mark whatever. I guess he's going to do like a back and forth Marker with a fact machine who finds a lot easier than calling up. There are a lot of people at the law to call because they're afraid I'm a mean. nasty guy. And I'll hang up on him and make him look like a jackass. They get nervous. They get tongue tied. And here's another fact, but it's not from Mark. I guess Mark just, they ran out of material. So he just sent me blank pages now. Here's one that says it's not about oil or rackets about the US and Europe going head to head on World Economic Dominances, what it says. By Jeffrey Hurd in Australia down under. Well, I don't want to get into it. I'm going to head it just thinking about it. 560560 on the AT&T in Verizon. Wireless line. We're still waiting to hear from the God squad out there about how you ration line. All the buttering of these innocent men women and children on both sides, including our military, our poor young people who are set over there for an unjust and an unacceptable conflict being put in harm's way. And the eight or ten or whatever the real number was of those people. And why we're picking it out just because it was one obvious situation. How about the four soldiers killed by the suicide bomber on Saturday? This four more dead people. And the numbers keep going up very slowly and it's 43 now and the 34 Brits which is 77 and then by the end of the week it'll be like a hundred and then it'll be a couple hundred and of course we don't know how many thousands of Iraqis. And how many they are saying the right crossing by the way. Of course we know what a bunch of county think was there's a very big. That the Iraqis are right that in Baghdad alone over a hundred people a day are being invented for a treatment of the hospitals over a hundred a day. Theos at once who are still alive. And all the humanitarian groups are saying ten times the combined casualties of the US and Britain. A die have died in civilians. Numbers of civilians. How do you like that? But then if I remember they're deliberate them by liberation by elimination. The ones that later you're going to get markup said again because you're staring with a heavy worst of. Can we have some fun? No. Can't we have some fun? No. Why? Talk about whimpering markup. He's there. He must hang out with a mad dog. You know what? Talk about having no balls. Grow a little peer even Greg regrew up here. What pretty proud of we're on here. I mean we don't like him anymore. And we use do but Greg H. You know. In fact, I know since I've been back as each shown his head in his door view. You've seen him in the last few days. Yeah, earlier like Monday. Yeah. That's all. Doesn't show his face in here. And I'm back briefly to see my smiling face to see if I'm okay. What to see if I recovered from my stroke huh? What's new about that? Yeah. Because he's a pussy. He's another one who's a scared to like look me any eye. Because he knows he's full of crap. And a good news is he finally paid norm. Can't. Yeah. How do you like that? Finally. What's going to show you? Yeah. Just because you don't get paid stuff. And you've got your bonus early this last time, which course that'll be the last one we ever get. Well, not don't say early. I got it right here. Not late for here. You got it very early. You got it way way before you dreamed you'd ever even sniff it before the do date. Right before the do-da. I just go on Greg. You're really moving up. Greg hate you. Now we'll see who has the balls. That's a good line, especially for him. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound. I'm waiting for the facts for Mark. I can't wait. Now he can't do it. I guess he can't get it up. And oh, he's facts to me. This stuff. This must be a different mark. I guess. I don't know. It's a more than more mark out there. Now with our slim audience we got now. In fact, that's going to be the limit. One. Pre-name. And we are going to know if your name is Dave, you'll have to tune out because we already got Jeff Heiz neighbor Dave. Right. Did you put that thing in here that song? No. Not yet. But we got it. Oh yeah. Probably we're going to have enough room left on VCS for that. 20 before 11 at 5 60 WQAM. Hey, Mark Avenue Pet Resort is the only on natural pet resort in the entire USA. And for your dog or your pet, it's like a day at the spa. Your poach will socialize all day with pals and soft-mated play areas. There is an always under the supervision of dog loving counselors. You know, a lot of times when you board your pet, it's like a Russian roulette. I know that because I had a bad bad experience a couple of years ago. And you don't want to do that. Mark Avenue is a full service 5 star resort offering boarding in large-child sweets. They offer daycare expert grooming on all breeds. And when you see the place, you can see it online. You don't have to go there. And I've checked it out. You're going to be very impressed with the clemeness and lack of smell of this 10,000 square foot luxury facility. Of course, when you see it online, you probably wouldn't smell the name. They have like, maybe they have the smell cam. I think guilty for the health of the child. So, can this morning? Anyway, if tiny and the witty were still alive, they probably be spend a little odd time there. In fact, I wish I'd have known about this place back then. See for yourself, a bark Avenue is all about. Go online to barkappetvisor.com. That's bark AVE barkappetvisor.com. You can take a virtual tour or real-turd bark Avenue any Monday through Saturday at 1400 South Federal Highway in Hollywood, just a light north of Pembroke Road. That's one of the great things when you're on vacation around the town and you've got your dogs bored of there. You can go online from anywhere and actually take a peek and see how they're doing. Call bark Avenue 954 925 bark. That's 954 925 bark for boarding grooming and daycare for bark Avenue pet resort. It's one of a kind. What's going on? You're supposed to be in five six six six six. You a m. Smell it. ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... I would not want the walk out looking like Joe Rivers. Where am I? I buy a lobeast, the pant little freaky, I did him a favor. Now we get a ford to eat. The reason I dismissed that stick and pant bastard, is because he wouldn't shut up. Any can't play contestant. I told him he broke her up and then nobody talked for when I ran. I wrapped a new talk. Like look at me, I'm hit tip, I don't swear. I'm a thing done, getting man, I'm really dead. I buy a any when I want. I don't care. Especially if they make me flip my wig later, smelly green hair. I got fired myself and even happened to the greens. With one one said you'll get out of here, I'll sweep break your legs. So now I sit by the bull, lights as good as it gets. With my pallid and cut down, placing bets on the gents. Power dies. Power dies. I don't kiss nobody's hands in power and die. I'll be sure that not the screw gets when I get the gents, but the greens aren't ready with my line green pants. I won't do that. Tell me, call him the plate. It was just a little thought. So what I love this day. I think that's funny when I know what's funny. I can do what I want, because the man is with loves me. Can I tell you something, mo? Something you ought to know, but along this time I wanted you to be my goal. You are my type-out. Now I am straight. How about? Who? Who do you want? I don't take no for an answer. What's that? Not you. What's your name? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened? How do you say that youijnis? What happened? Of any of these things for the first time. Well, this plan is right here. You set the вашиos. You're smart enough to toss off an algorithm. How about four times 10. Cragman and Nick Christophe and all of these things and it trails. But we do have that say and again it's just like that facts I read from Mark in the Dark whatever that guy's name is. You can't please everybody but we're trying it we always try to ride the a fine line here. Between not getting too heavy dude and getting everybody depressed and suicidal and like you're trying to put out at least the differing up point of view which we do. But good, godly Miss Molly some of you people lighten up him. If I wanted to be immersed in this I just I would just put on a goddamn network saw a video like I said before right we can do that. I'm not going to do it okay I'm absolutely not going to do I don't want to sit there watching at home all day. Do you? No. Oh here's here's Mark again. Oh and you know something this must be a different mark. Who's going to be sending me this again you jack and one page one of 15. Oh no. Stop it you clown you. This has got to be a different mark. Yeah this is. This is the other extreme. This is somebody who sent me a 15 page thing which I canceled on there which I don't have the time or the inclination to read when you stop it you're just what I was just talking about. Oh no we want you to be the voice of reason. Well good go while reason is okay. I'd rather talk about. Peter. 567. 560. 556. The only AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. Cranky nasty this time man. It just tear your part. Terrier Kishki's out. Yeah we don't want that whatever you don't we don't want that we want to list and then we want to talk heavy duty about the war. We want you to do this we want you to be that go on that channel radio show that rush limba. Okay. Don't forget they want your tickets to an additional which here I am trying not to pat myself on a back again like most said I did about the baseball broadcast. But here we are an issue both of us trying desperately to like present this one alternative of viewpoint one little voice and a wilderness on this one crappy station with a bad signal and as opposed to like you know these people want to be looking there radio for it. Yeah we can never do good enough to please them no matter what it is you do. What game are we going to play the day uncle Neo what game are we going to play the day Peter. Now you know what it feels like to be married. Oh wow. Forget about that. I'll tell you right now that's one of the great things. Yeah in fact I have no idea all these people are want to get married all these gay marriages. That's one of the great things about being gay now having to worry about crap like that. Some painly as nettering nagging wife. Yeah yeah. You know you know what I'm talking about. I was going to get pregnant unexpected one day just as a way to like seal your fate for the rest of your life. I wasn't thinking of anybody specific. No I said that course not. Here's the fact this is you are on today. Wow. Whatever that means. Am I I am on something drugs. Maybe when it came here. It says we've gone to the point of this country that if you can say it's something against the war you're on American and not a Christian. Well guess what I'm not on American but I'm certainly not a Christian. Thank God. Thank. Huh? There we go. Oh, facts is just unbelievable. Oh let's see it's not me. I only say one facts is Mark and Miami. I mean I we know that mark. And thank you. In fact I like this guy better than the guy that sent me to 19 pages. Mark and Miami says by the way, it didn't mean to ruffle your feathers. Don't feel bad. Mark you never hold my feathers. I wasn't giving you one listen as a opinion. I'm sure you have thousands of others that disagree or he was just a whatever he says. Alas are also I can't cut because my work beside it rather fact you'd probably hang up on me if I call you. Absolutely correct. I'm a sensitive guy. I don't know if I could deal with that. Well, there are a lot of sensitive people. I'll get just a radio show. What if I did hang up on you? What if you heard like that? Okay. You're dead. You're dead. You're the world. Just a dial tone. What's the big deal with that? Okay. What's the matter with you? You got like a small problem? Problem. Anyways, as you're on today, wow. Well, maybe because I'm feeling a little bit better. All of them start to have a relapse after that bonding with Moe. I started feeling much better about life. That says we've got the point is country that if you say something against the warrior on American and not a Christian, the latter I can deal with. But the link between Christianity and politics scares the hell out of me. Amen. Jesus has to be Republican. Could you imagine a Democrat claiming to be a Christian? That means you have to have voted for Clinton and who could possibly be a Christian and vote for Clinton. But from what I've read, Jesus was definitely not conservative. But I'll hear the trenches of society must either be prepared to fight to give your opinion as a liberal or a subtle be a closet that McCratton keep your mouth shut. I'm a Vietnam vet. That was an unjust conflict and a democratic prison. That's right. At least in the beginning. It was wrong to set us over there to be injured or killed for absolutely no reason whatsoever. In stating this, I think I just don't flaunt the party line and repeat what I hear. This war is as unjust as in Southeast Asia, in American, but would not send a child of mine to serve in this command or in chief in this war. There are things worth fighting for and there are things worth dying for. Neither of which apply to this action. Guess what? All but the right wing chuckle heads in the whole world agree. That's right. Daryl, you're right. Where are the good old days? Well, we had to care about who was giving you a bubble of B.J. in a White House. Oh, right. Oh, do we long for those days or what? Yeah. Those were bad. And by the way, for certain right wing wackos out there, we're upset about we've got balls. I hate to break the news, too, but is anybody remember Kenny Stars, pornographic report? Oh, yeah. That was good. Yeah, and that was really heavy duty stuff. That was for Jesus. In fact, a lot of people said that was some of the most pornographic stuff that ever appeared in a non-porno website and it has given the internet. Yeah. How do you like that? That was good. That's what Bob is saying. He said it was pretty good. And this market started to send me this kind of stuff. I'm going to give his number on the ear if he don't stop sending me this crap. Where's this idiot from? Oh, six. So he's from out of town. What's six or three area code? That's not good to look it up. I don't know, but we're not taking his faxes. Is it idiot? 19 pages my ass. You lunatic. You stop it now. You maniac. Before we get done, rummelt on your freaking dumb. Bracom ass. 350 votes on a poll. How does religion permit the carnage of this war in Iraq? We're still waiting for the first call by the way to explain that to us. Haven't got one yet. Religious fanaticism is at the root of the problem. 185 people say that. God doesn't carry his busy with ball games. 69 people say that George 69. 69. I got it. Even the Lord loves the arroggies. 54 said that. 54 people who will get it. I know that the Lord even loves the arroggies. It doesn't. The tent commandments say that a shot of a kill 25. It's self-defense in God will allow a 13. And God wants us to kill our enemies seven. What a lovely thought. Even though of course it happens to be true for all you Bible thumbers out there for the God squad. God says kill this one and kill the firstborn meal. Children of the Egyptians above above above above all. All this other crap. Well, he did that just to show you how it's done. As a favor. You mean like Thomas Howdoa deal with our slaves? Yes, this Mark jerk is a you know stop in Mark. We don't want your crap. I'm not talking about Mark and my I'm talking about Mark on the town. Geek. No case. Wack job. Lunatic fanatic. Send his taxes over to the Randy. Peter. Show. The Randy Peter. The Randy Peter show. Right. WQA. What's with that? What's going on there, man? What's up? Listen to questions and I'm just to be a friend. I did disagree with you. Are you coming away over there? Why are they waiting? No, I was some somebody's going to somebody's going to somebody's going to somebody's going to. I'm not like a drug bust to me. You're not an O.J. It's how sorry. No, I'm nearby though. I see. There you go. And two questions for it. First of all, I did disagree with you on the war. That's fine. Yeah. Good luck. But what? What's going on? Why do you ensure labeling people? You know, Nazis have they disagree with you? I mean, that's just a sign of our name. I said that everybody who disagrees with you is a Nazi. Have I ever said that? Hey, everybody you're right. Winged enough. That's crazy. That's that. When did I say that? When did I say that? You, you insult that. You know, you know what? You know what it sounds like? It sounds to me like you got a guilty conscience. What? I've never said that. You're reading the news. I've used the term Nazi and refer you to the people who are controlling this country right now. The administration. And I do not retract that. I believe that very strongly. I believe that before the election, I believe it now even more so. Okay. But you do. You do. You have no follow people who just disagree with you. And they're, hey, all for different reasons. They don't necessarily have to be Nazis. Right. Everybody's going to the communist. Right. Except of course for those people who like to del Castro. Right. Right. And you have to say, well, so do you guys ever disagree with you, George? No. Not not if you want to get paid again. I'm sorry. All right. See you. Do we ever disagree? I don't think there's anything we do agree on other than Paula Paula six religion. The godfather. That's about it. That's it. Politics religion. The godfather. Those are the only three things that we agree on. You cannot talk a word. What the hell are you? Exactly. Everybody agrees on a godfather. In fact, if you don't like the godfather, you're probably some kind of a moron. Leave it to that. A Nazi. Take the can only. Yeah, I would agree with that. And a communist. Right. A communist. Well, let me tell you something. My crowd, McFran. 560, 560. Boy, the godfather's were it's that you why you depressed godfather. Go on and get the trilogy. Get the CD, the DVD, the DVD, the DVD. Stick to godfather in your pants. And just sit there and kill some hours like yourself in a house or with some good company. Let me take a look at your data or somebody else's. 560, 560, we're having a wonderful show here today. And spite of my mark, my weather as name is, we got him straight now. Now he was a little bit out of sorts. Where is the fun? Where is the fun? Look in your pantalones. Mark, maybe you'll find some fun in there. Maybe like guilty. Maybe you'll find a loaf in there, huh? Some olive loaf. I'm not exaggerating. You know me, I would never make up something like that. There was some kind of a stench. Maybe they were farting. Yeah, because I know I am right now. No, no. I've smelled farts in my life. I've been around a lot longer than you have. I was smelling, including my own. Some of which would kill us partly Iraqi army. But this was in a league of its own. Yeah, but have you smelled most farts before? This wasn't mode, this was guilty. Moist on the room, maybe this is bad. They get seeped. Oh, and what is this? From Mr. Lemue, I wonder who's related to Mario? A letter. Oh, no, no. No, what? It's seven pages. I don't want this. I don't want this crap. Are you a crazy person or what? These people are so quick. You know, something, this is another good reason for me not to even get involved in any of this. You know what I'm saying? Because they want me to be like a male Randy Rhodes now. You know, she's small potato. She's like, uh, she ought to stick to her. He'd have. Or something she knows about, which ain't that. God. Remember the good old days when she used to talk about? About boobs and PETA? Yeah. Yeah, before she became a maven, I rolled a fairs and before she became a wannabe. A, we're a left wing, uh, Lard asks wannabe. Somebody who lives in a total dream world. Oh, let it, it's not a rum spell to this one and now stop it. Don't say that to me. I can't do nothing for you. Okay. I'm just some silly old fag on a radio here trying to eat out of me or living. Or I just leave me alone with all these silly stupid fasses. God. Nothing to make you want to puke. Nothing to make you want to chop off somebody's need up. 567. 560. Pound 560 on the AT&T. The very apologetic gym managed will be here at one o'clock this afternoon in the studio. How do you like that? How do you like that, man dog? Who's going to get a fricty of a wall? Well, you'll tell us, I guess. And he'll be apologizing for his fated or really tell a like it is. I mean, is that what he's always saying he's the guy that tells it like it is. I guess. He admits that when it comes to the often organization he's a real pussy and he whimps up and shuts down or shuts up and the whimps down. Why, she'll is not there anymore. He doesn't owe them anything anymore. He knows she was a chula steak too. Very often as matter of fact, and so does the Humper. Oh, oh. So there's this rather insistuous relationship. Let's see why we are racking attack from Sam. Worse loves the Iraqi people so much. He's willing to spend more than $100 million. 100 million. We're talking about a 70-four-and-a-half billion so far just for starters. Give many of our troops and the wreckies of Indians killed just so the rest of the Iraqi people be free. That's right. Liberation by emancipation. Nice going Sam. You got it, baby. That's why we love them so much. We love them to death. Yeah. Just like the board again, Christians. We love you to death. 1058 at 560 WQA. You know, I'm starting to like candid a lot more every minute of every day. What are without that SARS? You know, I'm just starting to... Why don't you go back to Canada to you, too, bastard? Okay. Let me tell you right now if you got a hair problem if it's missing. If your hairs have gone down to drain and on the flow and all over the place, gone with the wind. If you got a big ugly bald spot like Boca Bryant for example, and you have to be a shame blaming him for being a degenerate or whatever it was. Charles Alfier is the guy can get your hair back for you and make you look great. In fact, I noticed in my bonding moments with Maudus morning that that thing actually moves around on his head. Yeah. I wonder why this sometimes life when he goes in or thought that he's telling any funny material. It's just a life when they see that piece starting to move around from side to side, from front to back. It's a panic. If you want people laughing at you because you got a moussey looking piece on your head or because it looks like an animal that on top of your forehead. Charles Alfier is the guy you want to call because he's been for over 25 years now. Getting guys a great looking idea here. With his natural hairline system, the latest, the best technology at any price. So whether you're a billionaire or a slipper or somewhere in between, here's the guy you want to see. And there's no obligation because Charlie sits you down gives you free consultation and shows you how much better and younger. He can make you look and you got nothing loose but that glaring shiny balls spot because everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee. If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, if you're not getting laid 15, 20, 30 times today, Charlie gives you full refund. Be sure to mention he arranges when you call take advantage of the $200. You'll Rogers discounted the Charles Alfier's there and there is a fat boy by the way in the middle of my spot. Don't come while following through the door while I'm doing a spot, Jack asked. Call toll free 1-800-321-2413 that's 1-800-321-2413, get your hair back or check them out on the web at CharlesAlphaerie.com. Come on. You're not a fool. Is this 420-560? You way am. You go back to Cuba, you'll spit fast some. Coming up tonight on Inside of Behind the Two Hollywood Celebrity Music Biography Profile Story. We take a good, hard, stiff looking to start up. She took the inspiration for her music from the way she felt about life. And that's what gave us the happy go-lucky stylings of...at Venetars. Everyone be beside! Why don't you hit me with this big shot? Oh my goodness. Yes! One pastor draw from life doesn't want. Hit me with your best shot was about this vicious pastor that he deserved to be castrated. Pat Venetars was clearly on a mission. It took me to bring light into our lives through the positive upbeat sentiments in her songs. Love of heart, cradle, jim, echo, the neck, don't miss a roundening. Oh yes, heartbreaker. That was my way of giving a big f*** you'd all man. The lying little f*** bags. Venetars' 4 Grammys for best rock female vocal. Soon to indicate that America was also infatuated with her gleeful wondrous take on life. No, there's some fun. Well, certainly love is a battlefield. Honestly, I wonder why anyone bothers. Is it really worth it just to have a little ride on the baloney pony? I f***ing well think not. Finally, Pat turned her adoring gaze from male female relationships to the joyous life-affirming subject of child abuse. Hey guys, help! Hey, help! Hey, help! Hell is the two of us! Well, this guy's took her back to childhood, don't they? Oh, it's all a file if you're so s*** like, isn't it? Oh dear, yes. Pat, Venetars, she was the feel good artist of the 80s. Not. It's a big juicy, stopping went, look at show business tonight. Fun inside of a hide. 11.03.05.60. W.K.M.S. Greg Reena's in here was said we do have ball. Oh, maybe that big get, but they're growing your feet. Rick from Tampa says having lived in South Florida certainly agree. It's a bitter cry. Haha, this is a great line. A bitter crusty place to live. Absolutely correct. Oh, god, are you right, Rick or what? However, it's a breath of fresh air compared to Tampa and again. Absolutely correct. Too for two. I was in a pub day that they went over to conversation between two stereotypical tampons who were watching the Fox News Channel and kind of planning how the Iraqis were going to pass back for their liberation. I was in shock and awe that at this point they still don't get the thyssal about the oil. Then they left separately, one driving a hum or another driving a liquor navigator. I can't wait to get the hell out of this second rate city. Says poor Rick from Tampa and you know what we say on this show, Rick, but it comes to our friends in Tampa. Tampa, not you personally Rick, but still the town. Yeah, you can just imagine, can you imagine the shows on FLA, which of course these Smith-Mysters on over here, that FLA rush light. But can you imagine a crap that there is spielan? I don't want to. Boy, look at the, oh, here. This is seriously, this started out as one of the most incredible days of my life and it's just continuing to get better and better. And stop passing me stuff from the god damn New York Times. I read the times that length online every day. I appreciate all your help, but you know, it's like helping the old lady across the street, we don't want to cross it. God. Here's a fact this is a couple of things I'll try to make them brief. Mad dog will never say anything bad about the pussy dolphins or mole for that matter as they get checks from Wayne. All right, that's a good point. Unfortunately, that gives them each absolutely no credibility when it comes to dolphins talk. Same thing with Galilee and the Panthers. Now, Galilee has, he threw a little bit of a weak shot here in there. Oh, I noticed, was it David Jane Yeligan on Sunday in the Harold? Suck and Rick Dudley's ass in there about what a great job he didn't tap on, how this team is in a right direction. I mean, you know, I would think that my fellow Panther fans out there should be starting a little bit of an impatient. They got a lot of good young players, but this business with the Youngsters in the organization. We've been here in that for about 100 years already. And missing the playoffs, their 12 points out of it right now, and it'll be probably worth the end of the season in the next few days. I mean, what are we talking about? What's the point? Nevertheless, he says whoever this is. Ask for the asshole who wants a fun pool. How about what is your favorite month of the year? And then he lists them all there. There he goes. Let him list them. We could take calls. Yeah, what's your favorite month? Is this any of Facts Me this crap again here? This other guy? Oh, this guy. He goes on to say it sure seems when I listen to the Mosho that Galilee is getting kind of a sick of the position. He's in maybe that's why he snelted by this morning. I'm seriously, he smelled like he had dumped himself. His tone seems to be like, get me out of here as quickly as possible. Is this just my imagination? No, or just think there may be some truth to that. Uh-huh. As you mentioned many times, I hear players thanking God for the great game they played. I'm happy that God was in Ohio State fan, but I wonder when there were days like yesterday with a bunch of games going on. Baseball, basketball, and hockey, how God can pull all that off. Ha, he works in mysterious ways. He's everywhere. Don't you know a lot of TV. He is everywhere. That's where he's got more TVs than normal camp than rumor. In closing, which feature are you giving free tickets to? Ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah, let's give free tickets to the new beach in Adania. What about the new hall and the old beaches? That's still a real old perverts are up in the woods with their vernacular. Hall over? Yeah. Is that they still doing it? Yeah, that's in date. Southern Hall window. It starts with an H so I can see how you'd confuse you. Did I say Hall and the old? Yeah. I'm at Hall over. All blends together plus some of the stars. Five, six, seven, five, six, eight, pound, five, six. The odd, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, and four, rising wireless line. Let's get these phones going here, baby. We're smoking on this end. They were absolutely smoking a big fat one and you people are on this. Look at that. That's bad. Yeah. Please. Very, very sad. How does it? You just can't keep it up. I used to it doesn't make it any better. You know that. Yeah. Expecting it, yes. But being the press, look at that one line, bring it on a full. There you go. That's him again. That's it. That's our keys. Never die hard. Meaning what? If there's one line ringing. Oh, it's him. That's right. That's quite a commentary too. Okay. And that's why assholes like him get an over and over again. Because even on this high price show where we're just really trying to give an alternative to the same old right wing bull crap over and over again. And it still won't call. Let's still got nothing to say. This is the place that will give you nothing. They give you nothing in return. No matter how difficult you stand on your head. And they give you nothing in return. They give you a good zets. Running into your old back home. WCWM. Hey. Yes. Hey. Great. The fun stuff. That's what it's called. The fomand is the fun stuff. Yeah. How do you know that? It's on one of your disc or something. All right. The fun stuff. Yeah. There's no such drop in. We have one where he says, Howard David's a bit. You have that one. Get out of here. What are you looking for? The drop. It's not called the fun stuff. What is it called? I don't know. I know what you're talking about. I don't know. Tits and we don't need that. So now the one's now where he's requesting drop-ins. Yeah. That's the material we got from the audience. Can we please hear Howard David's a bit again, the old Howard David's a bit. Okay. There you go. And then you know what they probably also want to hear and see if it's played. How about the bleep? There you go. Good. God. And you're looking for that? Why can't I find it? Because you're not looking under the right spot. Okay. I know exactly where to find out. No, something just happened on here. Oh, no. That purple thing came up again. You're looking for it. Kaka. Pup. Pissing. What else? What am I missing? No, that's not the one. No. No, I know there's the fun stuff. I know exactly. See now you got me into this. Blame George on this. Okay. Just a minute. Here it is. Oh, yeah. We're brewing. We used to talk about pussy. We've talked about stock now. You know, you just get old-guard C. Fartsy and it's no fun anymore. It's true. We used to talk about good bodies and big, you know, the fun stuff. Yeah, there you go. See, it is the fun stuff. And you're in there looking and looking. I know the fun stuff when I see it. Okay, Mr. You just know don't get it all. Peter. Ten past eleven. What are you saying? Boy, I was quite a visit. I had a great visit with Moses morning. Greg Reid. I close personal buddy came in here today. Oh. Mostly straight in the eye. Not seriously. He's actually. I got. I try to be fair. Okay. Most of the time he's disappointing. That's an understatement. Most of the time he lets us down. And again, some of that, it all fairness is not him. It's his partner's the bees. You know, the living and the treehouse crowd over there in Naples. Go up it. But in this particular case, we have to give him a high mark. I'm not sure it's going to happen again any time. So we give him a high marks, which means maybe he's hanging around and healing a lot in the building. I am local. We are Sports 2011-560. See you later. Greg slash. Greg eight. Congratulations. Get a line. Hi, I'm Joe. Wait a minute, I did that all the time. I'm Evan. I used to have my own show. Maybe you've seen it once or two times. Joe millionaire was a snail. And I thought it was time I gave you a update on what I was doing. So here he goes. Actually not a whole lot. People keep asking if me and Zang is still in my life. Or Zipir or Zoro? I remember the actual name of it, but it starts with a Z. No is the answer. She wants a streak wine, have conversations, and basically explore a feeling for each other. And I want to explore the Hudus girl I met last night. So we've decided to just be friends. Who told you to speak to each other too much? A lot. I'm doing some public appearances to the tune of 15 Grand A Pop. Which I basically do nothing. Tonight I got some women's book club meeting in the Passell taxes. In which I sit in a chair like in the Palm Stores Center. And the overweight Brainiacs who will me up and stay stuff like, Ooh, I could do it too. And can I not just turn to a sweater? I can't really say no to that unless they pony up another five grand. Oh, take on my website. GetchaForTo.com. Please. Okay, let me 14 at 560W to come. Hi Jack Cuban Headliner Headliner Headliner. Head of the Florida, the MIA is a matter of fact. They're just showing to my international. They're showing like an empty runway there. I'm in the middle of nowhere. Aren't you excited? Oh, a thrill. I'm going right now to greet him. Tom has an interesting facts here. And says, if Bush is so religious, why does he favor the big corporations and the rich? While surrounding himself with corporate multimedia engineers, is this what Jesus would do as Tom? Oh, Jesus must have been a pretty good businessman. Look at the gigantic corporation he's invented. Whoo! Or he's disciples of an excuse, MIA. A war of words over setting pornography to the troops. Says this, I don't know. I don't want to read all this stuff. I don't want to do it. You know what I mean? I'm burned out for a day. I don't want to read all this. This is a important story. It is. We love our troops. They're good enough to die for us, but they can't have any naked pictures before they die. Because we're Christian. That's for a damn sure. Yeah. Try to pollute the minds and the hearts of our service people. Oversees. The same people. The same people. The same people. Well, that's because the right wingers are running out. They don't want to lose their copy. 400 NADVOTES on a poll to theonioroger's.com. We're having a pretty interesting day today. It's kind of a little disjointed. You can just enjoy it to me and you can have your own joint over there. Everybody's smoking in the building. Oh! That Greg was in here passing out big fat ones to everybody. I didn't get mine. Well, except you he hates you. Oh, I know. 400 NADVOTES. How does religion permit the country? Permit the carnage of the war in Iraq. And even if you're in favor of the war, if you're gong-ho, you must admit that there's plenty of human carnage already in the war's only a few days old. And there's going to be a lot more. Hopefully not, but that just isn't realistic. Religious fanaticism is at the root of the problem. 2017, very perspicacious people see that. Just like they saw in 9-11, and all these fanatical Muslims and fanatical Christians and fanatical everybody, because fanatical speaks for itself. Because they got the answers and they're going to make us an offer we can't refuse. Isn't that what the Sodom Hussein said? In fact, I think that's what Bush said. If we actually find the Sodom, I can't find it. Huh? Oh, under the Godfather? Yeah, I can't find it. Oh, here. That's what we're going to do. WD is going to go over there. I want to make him an offer. There you go. That wasn't even worth it. Even the Lord loves the Iran. Your 63 votes. I don't think I did this right. God doesn't care. He's busy with ballgame 78. Even the Lord loves the Iran, just 63. It doesn't. The 10 Commandments say they'll shout not kill 27. It self defense. God will allow it 15. And God wants us to kill the enemies eight. So the God squad ain't doing too good on our full. Did he even with the freeping? A Jeepers creepers is Mr. Freeper. How come they're not voting for that? They have to read their Bible. You think? Either they either. Maybe they're too old and they can't. They don't have a computer. Maybe that might be it. All of Steve's 90 plus audience. Hello Steve. I heard Randy Rhodes the other day. Enjoy his Kaufman. And they said you're a douchebag. You know, that stuff. Yeah, exactly. Stuff that makes you teethache. Like hearing people talk about sports on radio hours a day. Oh, good to make me an audience. That's a kid to do that. Do you think we don't have to? In the same market play. That would be in salad. Be bad. WQA. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. How about your party? Yes, sir. Speaking. Hey, fat boy. How do I know it? The moment I heard. That's because he had his boyfriend in the back day. WQA. Yeah. I'm going to talk to Neil. Speaking. Be it Neil. Hey, I'm one of those 95% you talk about that. I've listened to you for 10 years. I never call. Yes, sir. Yeah. Oh, a little percent. Well, whatever the figure was. I wanted to call you five years ago when you're arranging against Wayne Heisenga. Yeah. The worst corporate entity ever. But now I have another question for you. No, I didn't know there was the first question. Go ahead. Um. The. Yeah. Um. It's. It's. I don't know this thing. How many. How many Jews do you think? The Dom thing would kill if you had a chance to opportunity to use to their ball, whatever. I mean, I mean, I mean, I think you'd kill if you had a chance. How many Christians do you think he would kill? I mean, man. I can see you think he'd kill. So, so, so what does that mean? Well, I would sometimes. We're. We got a draw line. What do you want. What are you whining about? Well, I'm sorry. I've come across his wine. Uh, like the first the president bush you're whining. Well, well. All right. I'm. Let me ask you this. How many Americans do you think Stalin would have killed? Quite a few. Yeah, did he? Yeah. Well, we just got what's going. Sir, let me ask you. Sir, let me say this to you. Okay. Joseph Stalin killed millions and millions of his own people. Okay. Ah, 16. Whatever the hell number was. I mean, I'm not counting at this point. The fact that the matter is that he kill any Americans. Then he have weapons of mass destruction. Didn't he have biological weapons? Then he have every kind of weapon ever invented, sir? I'm not talking to a boy. Oh, hey. Good. What kind of a call is that? Is that for serious or is he joking? Should have stuck with his instincts. Oh, my God. Stick with the gun. Stick with the 95% pal. God, I don't mind listening to anybody, but when you start whining like that, I had to be a joke. How many peppers could Peter Piper pack? Don't start with that pecker stuff again. Okay. What the hell is wrong with you? Why do I fat boy? What did he want? I tried to help him by not passing along his crap. What was it? It's certainly better not have been about food. No, no, no, see. And I can tell because you already listen to this. I want the audience still listen very carefully. This is the most important thing. You'll hear all day except when Duff came in here and said, In the background. Although thankfully the mic was off. You're okay, my stuff. I think the microphone was off. I'll check the tape because if anybody hears that word, it was Duff Lindsey. But anyway, it has to do with food. The reason I know that is because already you have the ass me. Don't even ask. Okay. Don't ask and I won't tell. Got it. Didn't I say very clearly why lie me here for these couple of weeks or three, however I can stand it. I'm not going to be eating food when I'm in Toronto. Do you hear me eating on the air? And the reason you don't hear me eating on the air is because I am not. I think you're going to have to be in charge of their on and off. I've had like two pieces of cheese combined. The whole time I've been up there. A raw weenie. And one raw weenie. That's right. The whole new business. Yeah. But, and that's it. Yeah. And you're going to have. I come back here. I just had a, you see, I'm going to tell you something. I cannot stand most fat people. I'm making exceptions because like fat rich is a good friend of mine. And Zack's a good guy here. We have anybody on the beast. I don't know. He's not seriously. I'm like men's a men's with him. You know what I mean? No. Yeah. Come see. I can take him or leave him. But most fat people aren't satisfied. Just to be fat. Their food pushes. How long are we talked about that on this guy, damn show. And it's so frustrating to me. It's so freaking frustrating to me that we've got people like that. This is a man who's wobbling around his place on a walker. Whose hip is given out. Whose whole body is given up because he weighs 50,000 pounds. He's a fat tub of crap. When power 96 used to give away candy and promotional stuff. They were doing. He would break into the goddamn promotions department and steal the candy. And shove it down his push. Now I will grant you that. I'm over eating disorders. I know as well as anybody else. What they are. But. It's not important that use of seed and stay alive. It's important that other fat people fail. Well, he wants to take as many people with him. Right. Well, I'm not going with the fat boy. Stay the hell away from me. PD Lenny's gone. That's one guy. Thank God. No wonder I mean he's no just what a good mood I'm in today. Bonded with Mo. Greg came in with a big smile on his push. We had a wonderful exchange here. Talked about his or that call we had yesterday. Which he found. I guess I'm using. By the way, do you know he's. No. Why does he think nobody knows that? I mean, I guess he doesn't really care. But I mean, why does he think we don't know that? I mean, I'm never even here. And I still know that. You know, PD Lenny calls me up. But I mean, but I'm going to be all the information. He's a he's a he's poison. PD Lenny. We don't need a he's a like that in here. He's a mole and a troll. He is. With a big pie hole, which he can't shut. I'm all in a troll and a big pie hole. But anyway, with no soul. Like to send it was Virginia to dig some cool. Anyway, what was I saying about Craig? No, it was about high point about fat boy. I'm not I'm not putting up with your craft anymore. I don't want any goddamn food in here while I'm here. This isn't Ellie's restaurant. It's a radio studio. So at least. It's a radio. It's a studio wish. Yeah. It's a radio wish. This isn't the place. I realize a lot of other people's. You're ready lunch right now. Not me. I can wait till 130 when I get home. I can wait. I got my black sack from balance for life. I got some beautiful stuff in early night. In fact, you don't want to have one. I get home a bokeh burger. Hey. Yeah. Would nice slice of onion tomato? Made out of people. Yeah. It's made out of people. And what's wrong with eating people for lunch? Eat the butt. Eat the whole damn thing. Yeah. I don't start with him. Okay. Yeah. Sorry. What is wrong with you? Good old day. Try to remember when he used to be our friend. Are you sure? He never was our friend. We found that out. And then of course you see that. You see how people show their two colors. The way he turned off. Like one very light criticism I said, I didn't like his syndicated choice much as when he was on we working with him and I would be right away. Turn on me like a red. I can't deal with that. I can't deal with people. I can't deal with people. Like if you don't suck up to them every minute. Like the goddess. Yeah. Oh well. He didn't support me on that one thing that one time. Whatever the hell was that I would do. I stood up for that bitch. I mean for her every minute of the way. Okay. Even when she was bombing dying and he afternoon. Dying. Oh, what could death? And I still stood up for her. But because I didn't stand up for something she said or whatever. All right away. I let her down. I can't deal with people like that. Okay. I'll stand up for you when I think you're right. And when you're full of crap I'll say, hey, guess what? I think this time they may be full of crap. Or maybe I just won't say anything. How dare you? Yeah. So as far as our good close former friend. Are you? Yeah. Pist off and discuss it with your whole ambiance with your whole thing. Just what they need is another. Lard ass junior. Just what they need. Very disartening. It's tragic. Howard Stern, Phil Henry. The voices of reason, the voices of amusement, the voices with balls. It's interesting now how all of a sudden Greg's got the balls and they lost theirs. Maybe he stole their balls. All the pendulum swings. That's right. The sack swing. Right under your Peter. Huh? God. What am I getting all of? And I'm not waiting. Oh, my God. Tim and primitive finds. I can't deal with you. You're an idiot. Go away. Don't facts me ever again. The Dutch connection says French guys are beating everyone doing 167 times a year. Oh, this is in Dutch. I guess about how many times you have sex per year. I can't because it shows condoms. And you know the Dutch that's all. Yeah. Let me tell you something about the Dutch. They're not sexy people. Sexie has in one. Never getting on either one. I'll. They're not like what I would call. No, it's like when you go to Amsterdam. Forget about the Dutch, which will be easy to do. It's the people who visit there. I've reached those who come from all over the world to cut loose and have a great time and wild it. They're great. But as far as the Dutch are concerned, they're about as sexually as as exciting as Josh Friedman. So let's see France 167 times a year this screw on. Needle on. See what I mean? Netherlands 158. Denmark 152. Canada 150. Oh, oh. A lot of sex in Canada, maybe. Oh, there's that many straight people. 150 high. Great Britain 149. Deutschland 147. Of course in Deutschland they make it an offer. You understand to this pop-o-comstack of everyone. Juga Slavi 147, which doesn't even exist anymore. South Africa 146. Austria, Usten Reich 144. And Norwegian, Norway 144. Where's the like, I don't see the USA on it. You say or or regions like Palandale. Miramar. Palandale. Oh, statistically insignificant. Halandale and Hollywood. Especially in your house. 27. Past 11 by the way, George would like some pictures of some hot naked babes. That's what we ought to resurrect. I liked that thing. It was funny. It was a proof. We didn't have the one really pretty good looking young couple on here. They won hands done. We give a nice prize. It was an impromptu. The prizes just had a materialized. I didn't know what to do. I think we got it. I'm like a race in Mark and Miami. We happy because that'll be more fun. And he wants some fun. He does want to hear all his wars stuff. It places like Bosra. He's retired kernels in general. Not going to get any additional support. Right. By the way, the Brits are taking a whipping in Bosra. A lot of casualties. Oh, really? Unfortunately. Yeah. Have a number. I don't have a number. And even if we didn't have a number, we know the numbers are accurate anyway. Oh, God. I don't know how many Brits have died. May well give you a just make it up. About 30 minutes. 28 past 11 at 560 WQAM. You have $2,000 more on a credit card. If so, listen. Dedicated consumer counseling will help you. It'll cost you nothing. That's right. It'll cost you zero. Dedicated is a nonprofit company. It'll contact the companies you owe money to. And they'll cut your payments in half. Call 1-800-4-NO-DET. That's the number 1-800-N-4. Let me say it again. 1-800-N-4-N-Leaders-NO-D-E-B-T. Dedicated will help you cut your interest rate. Limit late fees and save your credit. It'll cost you nothing. The bank pays. Dedicated. You pay nothing. You paid a half of that! Dedicated is 104-0-DET. Call inside out how Dedicated can help you. You've got nothing lose, but all of that grief. If you've had it with credit card, DED high interest rates and late fees, call Dedicated consumer counseling. Maybe handling it right from there. Call right now 800-4-NO-DET. And don't forget, it costs you nothing. CHAPTERING 9-MOMAYCESS This is 4-2-FY-60. Oh! Rosemary! Rosemary! Now the conflict depends on you And the power you possess Since you've saved his life With your flight, since our life He's got a god for you to do Yeah Rosemary! Rosemary! Rosemary! Rosemary! You have a brand new style too We love the way you've fought your duty With the big be on your chest And don't reach as I guess So thank you those two of us Rage! Yes! Rosemary! Rosemary! Rosemary! Rosemary! Who's with the speed of the sound? Oh! Since the bad guys, you're too hell Winna build things not too well We go to the venue And we know your crushing flow With my flight Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Rosemary! Here's a message for Jeff Heiss. Hi, Jeff Heiss! Don't ever come in here again when I'm in this room Don't ever come in here again I'm serious he just makes me he makes my skin crawl Here is a man who can barely function as a human being And trying to spread his fats where everybody else The date of my stroke was February the 10th Mark it down in your on a tattoo on his ass Right large letters And I plenty of room February 10th today is April 1st no fooling Okay? So it's like a month and a half later And this man is trying to force feed me crap For his own fun and profit And of course he's going to grab out of some of it naturally Probably most of it And then we'll give a bunch of applause First of all, and either one of the places he's trying to bring food in here From our on his advertising on his show Right, am I right about that? Yeah, out at the moment Correct And it's about the fact one of my don't think ever did Right, so so what's the point? What is the point free food That I have to do him a favorite Or make myself sick to make you have high happy About his neurosis with fat You're a sick disgusting fat tub of crap Okay, fat boy And it's too bad the sabers didn't fold up just despite you all the way Do like regenerate and gym Lorentz You make me sick fat boy You make me nauseous, okay? I don't ever come near this studio Okay, you make Josh Friedman look like Robbie Benson You make a holiol look just like bad pit That's right You make the beast look just like Tom Brady So don't you dare bring your fat tub of waddling crap anywhere in your my studio ever again? You sack a crap you You big fat disgusting smelly turd burger you Don't hold back, what are you trying to say? I hate his guts And boy, that's a lot of hate just spread around That's about 500 pounds worth of hate It's a long and I don't hate much even even moan I bonded briefly this moan That's right Anyway, the reason I played virgin man I got a little sidetracked on that tub of turd A controversial new Vatican glossary of sexual terms says Homosexuals are not normal and the countries which allow the marriages are inhabited by people Which profoundly disordered minds according to the Vatican city's new sex glossary Italy's gay community immediately condemned the glossary of nearly 900 pages which hit the bookstores yesterday It's part of what they call a new anti-Homosexual crusade The glossary prepared by the Vatican's political counsel for the family covers theme such as Sexuality, condoms abortion, birth control and genetic manipulation Think of the way they're other kind of manipulation cover These are fact in the church A section on homosexuality in homophobia says homosexuality stems from an unresolved psychological conflict Like fat people trying to force feed you food I think maybe they got a point Fat boy It says those who want to give homosexuals the same legal rights in society Deny a psychological problem which makes homosexuality against the social fabric And you talk about the podcast on the kettle pink man The Vatican the Catholic church where they're swish guard Which is just overrun by nothing but a bunch of pancies This is just unbelievable and for the guy to call before I do separate the pedophile's the child molasses from the other priest who happened to be gay But aren't child molesters That's necessarily necessarily but the this is certainly so But talk about an institution that's just run and overrun with the fags man to Catholic church Hi, I'm Pally and here they are again pointed to hypocrites the biggest hypocrites in the world Well, it's part of the scam and then again for the pope to be talking about the killing and Iraq What institution what religious institution is killed more innocent people than all the others put together? Couldn't be the Catholic church could it? Oh, millions during a crusades in the acquisition millions millions That's right Good, golly Miss Molly. I'll find it this time And of course, how did they convert all those people? I want to make them an Alfred Gown There you go. That was the first bunch of Catholics who used that line before Marlon Brand I'm making them an Alfred Gown Okay, go have some lunch Marlon, so late for you anyway In fact, why don't we send fat boy off to Marlon Brando's joint? Huh? Can't hurt at this point and they can bomb him They can both do that fatso routine together You know what he uh that that the feeding friends in together the two of them They could have an orange I like the option cobalt Yeah, I like Luxembourg too, okay Oh my god, what a pleasure it is to be back here in South Florida Not Ah Fine, am I getting a little worked up here today? Oh, I'm starting to feel a little bit better I'm starting to get my life back Had that great bonding with Mo and Greg all in one day to meet no crafts Sorry, by the way, Greg, I didn't mean to put you in the same category with Mo Here's a call online nine WQAM not there What a shame now I've been in poor might've been from Astabula Might've been from Solano, Ohio, home of Jim Maddog, Manage Might've been from Fiddle, Ohio, home of Joe Marsh, Jr What would you laugh at if I'm not that I'm gonna get that sight open up again? Joe Marsh, Jr. and Ford, yeah Might've been from Ashwa, Ontario Or Mrs. Saga, Ontario, home of Don Sherry Might've been from Kingston, Ontario, home of Doug Gilmore, I can't come out, let's go Here's WQAM Neil Yes sir That's a couple of reasons to tomorrow in the game last night It was a pretty crowd You know why? Yeah That's what I've been saying all morning It was a little late of all Right You saw lines of snack bar were around the block Right And you couldn't really walk to the... They went to pack that joint every day I'll feed Bobble head doll, feed caps, if they could just give a bunch of crap away Feed that had thousands in it every game And no one was best Right But they have a new thing The waterless urinal The waterless urinal They're a big news I understand Well, what was that he's talking about? What is it? You, there's urinal with no water Just go in there And when they're leaking, do not step near him There's not water They were leaking in in last night It was gross But yes, because the bathroom is no water, you just can't even I guess air and gravity takes it away So, there's no water running in the urinal Uh-huh If I get you off, it's pretty gross Oh great Good luck guys Just where else swishers are there Okay It was the talk of the town Was the waterless urinal Just think of the raw these names Maybe that's why they called it PP Park But page news, yeah I'll be there Maybe they can change the name to Pita Park Take a leak next to Gary Sarner He was all talking about it Big news Same in here Yeah And our regular urinal Oh Gary Sarner, you know he's a real jocson If he's another one of those He's another one of that crowd They sports mafia here at QAM In addition to which Be side of fact that he's one of those He's an asshole Yeah, be side Haven't seen him since I've been back And you know what? Thank God PD Lenny we got rid of Gary Sarner He stays in his cubicle back there Stayed away from me which is fine If you get in the feed of that Most of the sales people get out of my nerves You're right No, no, no, no, no, no Adam Adam's a good guy So I him this morning And we like Adam a lot Gary has an office I don't care what he's got an office He's got a big office I'll show you that Don't know what those cubicle people I don't care what he's got He's part of the inner circle That's why he has an office Right I just started to say that was so much more important Oh, yeah, I'm trying to think Adam we like in sales Skippy and those skippy's a good ball But he's okay, at least he's out he's benign He's not malignant Right, see what I'm saying Raymond's a nice guy But Tommy hates him because he can't write copy Raymond Ray Who's Ray? I think you've got him one time That wasn't a guy that came in yesterday The new guy Different The new guy is a sports He's the sports sales He's not with us He just, you know I forgot his name already Do I know Raymond? I think you better once Time, time, drag See what I'm saying Do I ever want to see him again? Oh, and stop me I'm not to Hank will tell you the same thing Even more is starting to get on their case now See And at the beginning all the sales people are right Investing, you know he was sucking around with that He's on to them now Right He knows what they're all about And then of course in a category by himself Hi, Sally Right, who's busy talking about the toilet habits Busy splattering all over the walls in there In the handycraft compartment Huh Why do you think they call a handycraft Oh, God, I'm so glad I did not participate in viewing that scene You're not lucky your guys Close the lunchtime You're not a very old face Don't start regaining the audience with tales of fact Oh, yeah, Sally And his little accident His meat that door felt Oh, my God Whoa Oh, you got to play that bit again What bit Oh, okay Okay, there you come down Just try to control yourself Okay Sally Get out of here, you tub a crap Go pedal your free food someplace else And not only that, but Hey, all you homeowners out there There are a few things worse in life On a hot summer day, which is almost everyday Lately since it's an early summer here Then go out on the backyard for a nice refreshing relaxing swim You look at the pool and we'll get speaking of crap That's what it looks like in there Looks like at the end of the world Maybe it's stained It's dirty, maybe it's cracking in your pool too Well, don't look at that mess any more Just say no mow ugly pool And call our good post personal friends at Atlantic Marseight Their real construction company using full-time employees Not subcontractors At Atlantic Marseight specialise in the most incredible innovation To hit the pool business in a hundred years Diamond Bright, they've been doing it right pouring it on for over 12 years now Their license, they're insured professionals who do ice-dependent job for you They even train other companies internationally How to determine brightening and do it right And they'll give you the same price to give to the contractors So it is absolutely unbeatable They service North Miami, Browden Palm Beach Counties So call Atlantic Marseight to the biggest installers at Diamond Bright Anywhere in South Florida They'll care Marceau and give you a free estimate With absolutely no obligation And they also do a great job of pool and decorations Custom lighting, pool heating and exotic and erotic water features too For the best in the universe call Atlantic Marseight To be used to like Adam Malak to the came in here Call Atlantic Marseight 1-800-558-8883 That's 1-800-558-8883 Diamond Bright do it right Because Diamond Bright is a pool's best friend Call him today at Atlantic Marseight My life and love this is 4-2560 Play 2-A-M You have a heart or a liver? Is a 5-60 W-U-A-M higher alarm? Please take the building in a quarterly fashion There is no need to panic Everything is mine Self-destruct sequence and gauge T-minutes and counting 10 9 9 9 I gotta get out of here, probably Hey, I'll come here a little bit more work Is it gonna use the stairs just to put more on? You're done fat pasted you You're stupid fat tired Oh hi, how is the stairs? That's right, Rotandol I don't think I can now Out of my way, fat's old All right So I have to go I'm gonna steal it at a time I don't know I have to go No, no I have to go I will I will My wife got to come I don't know Somebody help me Hey, how about you, Pat? Do you want to give me a kiss? Oh, sorry! You need to kiss! Sorry! I'm sorry! I'm gonna die! You don't see me I might give me a good punch I'm not sure! You're still for it with the round? I'm just... I'm just so close. Hey, maybe I can hide in your pants. You might be hurt, my ass. Get out of here. You can't. I'm all six, please. Stop my ass. Get out of here. You're fucking smart. I'm kind of queer. Hey, stop it. Get out of here. Fine. Nice knowing you're high-boy. Just remember, don't be a kid. Put your arms around the memory. I can't even put my arms around you. Fuck! I have to throw all of them. I think... I feel like... I'm in a spot right. I'm a beside an adventure. But at least he got to look up and tell us Steven, strike through. I'm sorry, I see him. It's another day. The gig, when I was a little at least. Oh, yeah. Hey, hey, ladies. What the way down the stairs? I have your attention. This was a false alarm. I have this been a real fire. But just be honest. The high-boy, the next dolphin tailgate party. Everyone, back to your arm. Everyone, back to your arm. Fuck you, Pauy. I have Pauy. 1146-14-10-0 At 560-WQ-AIM. Bill Nelson, one of our two Florida senators. And of course your buddy, BDI-Vabi. U.S. Senator Bill Nelson accused the Bush administration yesterday of intolerance by questioning the patriotism of those who publicly opposed the president's policies on the war or domestic issues. Nice, God, Billy. Oh! By the way, is it hot in here or is it me? It's boiling in hot. Let me go. Oh, no, I'll do it. Right. I should go. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. I should go. I should go. Bill's like they're cranking up the ovens in here if you catch my drift. Speaking of this, there was an attempt to mussel people who happened to disagree with specific policy Nelson said during a visit with state legislator in Tallahassee. I have refused to be silent. Good for you, Billy. Oh! Senator Nelson said it. The Nelson cited the Pentagon's repeated rebuttals of remarks by the Army senior ground commander in Iraq Lieutenant General William Wallace. Wallace said last week that over extended supply lines in a combat of an adversary using unconventional tactics had stalled the US drive toward Baghdad and increased the likelihood of a longer war. That suggests an attitude problem Nelson said when a soldier makes a statement that is grounded in fact and an attempt has made the mussel at soldier as if he's not speaking the truth. That is dangerous precedent to set. How do you like that? The spite national polls indicating strong public support of the president of the war. Nelson's come and show a determination by the moderate democrat to take a harder stand against Bush, especially on military matters. Thank God for everybody named Nelson. You know what I'm saying? Right on. I think that's where it's all at. Charles Nelson rightly man. That's the yeah. Well we're going to get rid of him. Very self. He's going to deport him. To me can I was with the Greeks. Linden Boko Facts is in good faches today by the way. And we're interspersing with some call screenless. Not too bad today although we have another hour and 11 minutes to go. Anyway, Linden. Well I got to ease back into what you don't know that I've bonded with mobry for this one. Very briefly, don't get panicky. Linden says my wise 13 year old son told me that he was getting so upset with all the war coverage on TV. It was disturbing him so much he announced he was not going to watch it anymore. Good for him. He just wants to do his normal kid stuff like school, skateboarding and hanging out with his friends. Good. The worrying about the war was too much for him. I thought about what he said decided to follow it. I don't watch constant TV news coverage. That way Linden. The night vision goggles would be a good idea. I don't call every word a tale and the newspaper talk about it at the dinner table. We are against the war. We support the troops to want them to come home soon. But my son and I will not continue with his constant media barrage to our senses. It isn't healthy and you absolutely correct Linden Boko. Somebody got her hit on straight and her kid too. Wait till you hear this. From the Australian. Is that the Adam bugging us again? Oh brother. I just want to make one comment. He's a pretty good guy but generally speaking. They'll speak. People are ISIL. U.S. soldiers in Iraq asked to pray for Bush. Oh my God. Exactly. They may be the one facing danger on the battlefield. But U.S. soldiers in Iraq are being asked to pray for the president. Thousands of Marines have been given a pamphlet called a Christian's duty. A many prayer book which includes a tearout sex to be mailed to the White House. Pledge him the soldier who sends it has been praying for Bush. I want you to stop and think about this. Okay because we have Jews in the military. We have atheist, Nagnostics in the military. We have Muslim all of the military. Every time we have Jehovah's Witnesses, we are Buddhist and tunists. Traditional Native American Voodoo. Oh my God. Talk about a Goya Shatek over. I have committed to pray for you. Your family or staff at our troops during this time of uncertainty in tumult. May God's peace be your guide says the pledge. According to a journalist in bed with coalition forces. The pamphlet produced by a group called Intouch Ministries offers a daily prayer to be made for the US president. They born again Christian who likes to invoke his God in speeches. Sunday is pray that the president and his advisors will seek God in his wisdom daily. And that rely on their own understanding. Mondays prayer reads pray that the president and his advisors will be strong and courageous to do what is right regardless of critics. Every day they have another one of these deals. The pamphlet called a Christian's duty. I want you to keep it in a understand what kind of group of people we're talking about. Running your country now. Okay. Don't you understand this. Don't you see it? Are you that stupid? A Christian's duty. What a slap in the face that is to every soldier all these people are putting their lives online for of for these maniacs. And again talking about total insensibility lack of any kind of conscience whatsoever. Shut up, Ethan. Yeah right. Brother. What a disaster. What a mitigated disaster for freedom and as countries to have some freedoms they're going fast. I hear the stories. Yeah. For offensive measures. Now it's pretty offensive to me. God. Almost as offensive as one of our salespeople. I don't want to mention no names. I am. 488 votes on a poll. How does religion permit the carnage of this war in Iraq? Religious fanaticists in the root of the problem 253 people say that. 51.8%. God doesn't carry his busy with ball games. 92 people say that. Maybe his invaders will hang. Even the Lord loves Neil Rogers 72 people know that. For a fact, it doesn't the 10 commandments say that our shouting out kill 39 people be saying that. It's self defense. So God will allow a 29 and God wants us to kill all our enemies only 12. I guess, Jeepers creepers not to get a job by the creepers. Right? Or they're in denial. Like to pretend that Bible doesn't say those. I see. About killing your enemies. Give pretty specific instructions. And make sure you get every last one. You can start with them. Yeah. We don't wish any ill to any of our sales people. But a certain ones happen to stay home for a few months. I have to. Or at least until I get out of town again. It'll be very, very pleasant. The more I think about that, it is. I know the audience gets upset with me when I dwell on that. But it's. It's. It's so unacceptable. It is it's behavior that is so outrageous. And the fact that this radio station, you know, again, we don't have any management here. We just have a bunch of people wandering around sitting in desks. The fact that they permit this is opposed to saying, Hey, guess what you ask holes here in sales demand just had a stroke a month and a half ago. His biggest problem is. Fat. Quit trying to force feeding while he's here. Okay. He doesn't want it. You're funny. I'm serious. That's the way. That is the way a real place of business would operate. I'm not. I'm making the differentiation. I'm not talking about here. Okay. Not a place that's radio wish or business is. What does that have to do with closing and collecting? I see. Well, first of all, we're not closing and collecting from any of the people. What if we have to do with sports? Let me say it again. It has nothing to do with sponsors or money because those people are spending a dime on this radio station, which makes it even more gallbladdering. And I don't even have one anymore. I have how he. You jackass, you fat tub of turd man, you make me sick. You make me nauseous. Make me want to go on here and do hours and hours about you down here to guide them treasure island. Trying desperately to get some bitch to touch any party or fat puppy bun. That's what the print was like back then. Hopefully without any success. He's a dollar in the garden of a chatroom goal. He's stay hunting, got money for you. But when you take him to the back, it's just a graduate. And you're a little bit more like a student. And you're a little bit more like a student. And you're a little bit more like a student. And you're a little bit more like a student. And you're a little bit more like a student. And you're a little bit more like a student. And only by the smell, which you tell where it's at. And there's a dog. There's a dog. There's a dog. That's a little bit too dog. There's a mental and big cat guy. She's a little bit more like a student. She's a little bit more like a student. She's a little bit more like a student. She's a little bit more like a student. She's a little bit more like a student. She's a little bit more like a student. Oh brother. Here's some great facts. I'll save him to the break. I don't want to like law storm. Good facts. Today got a good idea. It's really comes through. Big time. And thank God. Don't you see the violation of separation of church and state when the government? The federal government is sending these pamphlets to our soldiers, which by the way, Interchminusries is Franklin Graham, son of Billy Graham's organization. Yeah. A grotesque violation of separation of church and state since the military is an arm of the federal government. Right. Since there are caps of audience. You were exactly. And since it's none of his damn business to be telling them what to pray or who to pray to or what to be saying. A Christian's duty. My ass. Four minutes till noon. Five. No, not that big of an ass. Four minutes till noon at five 60 kilo. At the mad dog at one who's going to apologize to me personally. They for being such a whos. Oh, come on. Tell him like it is mad dog. Pretty sad commentary on a federal fact. It like me is the only one in the station when it real peer. And Greg too. You hear that Greg's running a little one? A little what? That's what somebody said. I would have to walk. Anyway, let me at the good news is from Bob Ice and Berg that the March Madness sale at Halibut Potty Act GMC continues through this week and that's the way for fooling. How do you like that? Are we said about that? Huh? I didn't want you to say you're not excited about anything unless you get in some for free. And I got news for a Tom Laman and giving you nothing. Okay. Except maybe his best wishes. I'll take him. Tom Laman and Joe Prieto over Halibut Potty Act GMC are proud of an ounce. The needle, March, deal, Madness sale continues. Did you see that? I just said it. Neal, deal, number one. Pick any new GMC or Pontiac in stock like the 33 mile a gallon of vye price is lowest 13,998. And give yourself 0% financing from the 60 months. That's correct. 0% for up to 60 months. Neal, deal, number two. It's way, twice. Those. Choose any new vehicle in stock. Do we? And receive up to a $3,000 rebate. Absolutely correct. Your get yourself up to a $3,000 rebate. A new vehicle in stock. Halibut's also got radeneal deals on use cars, trucks, and SUVs. A whole ton of them. And as far as the deal is concerned, if you've been turned out for credit, if you're embarrassed to walk out of a carlot, because your credit is very marginal, maybe a little on a weekside. Maybe once you've worked in this radio business, anything like forget about it. Don't forget about it, head for a howlit, because they'll cut you a deal. No matter how bad, how marginal, how mediocre your credit may be. But right now, through the end of this week, it's a great news set of Neal deals. Going on a halibut Potty Act GMC, who've been making people unbeatable deals for 35 years. And that same sensational location at 134-01 South Dixie Highway, that's US 1 across from the falls open every day, 7 days a week. If you want to get more info about these special deals, call the Neal Deal Hotline tool free. 1-Triple 8-534-440-11. That's 1-Triple 8-534-40-11. Don't forget, all Neal deals are subject to credit approval, C.D. or 4-Datails. Halibut Potty Act GMC, who's still say, we are professional grades. My little local, this is life city. The ring is all yours now. You ain't here. It's Dave Goldstein, but you can call me Galdi. Whenever I'm in town, I listen to, wait a minute, I am in town. It's the 12th of one hour. Dive! We meet again. If we don't want to go, from the bush, put till the left of the swamp. We fall then to blind the sickle. It was our doom, as the bombs drop from the skies gone far away. Maybe we should have taken attention a little bit more to the flats we chose to ignore. The price of Gafestie Clung, but I'm afraid that the lawn won't be the least more. We meet again with our home that my life. Civil rights will be restored on sunny day. We'll meet again. If we don't want to go, from the bush, put till the left of the swamp. We'll meet again with our home that my life. Civil rights will be restored on sunny day. I'm getting out. That's the one we'd be on lucky. Here's one that says, and on the pamphlet you talked about a Christian's duty, could you please play the third phone call? A Christian's duty. Maybe we'll see. We don't want to overwork that. Third. And then one that says in touch ministries is Franklin Graham's organization, he's the son of Billig Graham. Franklin's been calling the religion of Islam evil. Remember that right after 9-11 he's there, but I'll let up. People said, oh, you didn't do that. That's an insult to all the Muslims all over the world. And he said, well, too bad. Okay. There are much of our business. Shmataans. He's right, of course, but so we're all the other ones. Right. What do I mean? Not necessarily. How buddhisms kind of benign? benign as opposed to malignant. I wouldn't say that any religions are malignant. It's the people who practice them. People who selectively take out the grotesque unacceptable, obviously barbaric. And anti-human things and say, oh, yeah. Well, the Bible says this and the Bible says that those are the people who are evil doers. Like the current crowd that we are, that thing about the troops that that doesn't frost the ass of a lot of people out there who kind of like, you know, come see Come saw in the middle and take it where these people are coming from. A Christians duty to our troops over there men, women, and otherwise, hey, converting to Christianity's four year own good. I see it or don't. Well, guess what, W. Cox a hoist, okay? Look. Here's a fact that says, hey, Neil, greature was nice while lasted, but looks like the democracy is dead. Absolutely correct. Have an advantage at a long time? I've been the sense they stole the election. That was the end of any glimmer of democracy we used to have. I've been seeing calls for censorship forced and then late 40s, nearly 50s. Some people are actually saying they want to bring back Joe McCarthy like it's a good thing. I rather bring Greg Charlie McCarthy and Edgar Burgon and Mortimer snored. What would Jesus do? It says he spoke out against the religious conservatives and protested frequently against the government. He even participated in civil disobedience when he attacked the money changes in the temple. He overturned their tables and chased him with a horse whip. Another misconception about Christianity is that it is just a kill and case of punishment of evil. One quote of Jesus, forget about the splinter in your neighbor's eye and look at the beam in your eye. We cannot criticize your rack for their brutality when we're responsible for thousands of death here, from quickenable police shootings to selling arms to despots, including Sodom all over the world. We have a truckload of four by 12s in our eye. First also defended the prostitute about to be stolen by saying judge not less DB judge and those of you without sin cast the first stone. I think the way I should clean up the injustice that is rampant here before we cast our stones and other countries. Maybe we can have a big billboard with the president's supposed on it saying we got stones or we got stone. Yeah, he did. He did. That was this morning. That's hope not. Okay, maybe that's what it's all about. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line on a smoke and Tuesday here. You know, that mic and Mark and whatever else they was in Miami. You don't know what you're talking about sweetheart. This show today is on fire. Oh, it's flaming. Lighten up. Yeah. That house wrong with you, Mark. Fading forces. That is in Fading Iraq. You described this. Whoa. You hear those runaway ss on the interpreter there. And you find her toe to the ground. Trust me. WQAM. That was a Gilbert. There you go, clear it. There's Gilbert again. Gilbert Solomon. What's that facts number one more time? I got it here. Don't worry. Anybody wants to freak Gilbert who continues calling up scene phone calls on here in this radio station refuse to do anything about it. And our program director comes in here this morning goes, you know, like that. 305, 386, 8040. I want you to start writing it on rest room walls. I want you to start getting everybody into world to freak the creep. 305, 386, 8040 for the anxious Gilbert who just out of control and this radio station won't do anything about it. And the rumors we're hearing around a building is that certain people, I don't want to mention no names, have been concerning with this piece of turd. This walking tragic misfit. How do you like that? A lot of people because he's retarded. I don't care. I really don't care. The fact is that what he's doing is unacceptable. Okay. No. And then it's radio station. We did have balls. Just one on the off the air list permanently. Okay. And off the appearance list and like a banished, banished for a life. What was that spot coming off second? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. Come on. Let's get these stones going again. We're smoking on this end and you people out there. The same old crap. One out of very four five causes the same knit which because the rest of you sitting on your haunches, waiting for me to entertain you because the price is right. And it's for free like the weenies at the ballpark yesterday at PP Park. God are you slow are you just impossible you're an impossible bunch. WQAN. Oh yes. Could I speak to Neil please? Speaking. Oh Neil. Yes, man. Oh hello. And I'm in Palpano. I'm Canadian. I actually spoke to you about two weeks ago. Right. And you were talking earlier this morning about the Christians and God, you know, concerning the war. Hi. Hi. I happen to be a Canadian Catholic. I can I call myself a Canadian. Right. Because I'm not don't live in Rome. I'm not a Rome Catholic. But as far as I know, God doesn't have really a role in this war. God doesn't take into account who he's going to stand behind is he going to be to the Israelis. Is he going to be for the Palestinians? Is he going to be for the Americans? I think it's fine to pray for the safety of people for the Iraqis and for the Americans. And you know, I hate to say it, but a lot of them don't have a prayer at this point. No, true, true. But I'm just saying that I don't even dance to me. And I think a lot of people choose their own destiny and like friends. We can play that song. You are my destiny by Paul I could. There's a good Canadian boy. And yeah. What do you mention, T.K. L.W. The other day. Windsor. What about your partner? Did you work there? No, but I lived in Detroit right across the river. Oh, okay, because I'm from Windsor. And additionally, which I went to school at Michigan State and of course all of it in Midwest, C.K.L.W. It was used to be such a great station came in the night everywhere. Oh, how long do you smell? 60. Oh, okay. Is it matter of fact, I guess I'm a special for you. Oh, it's that. Wait man. Not every show in America could play this for you. C.K.L.W. You're like that. How do you like that? Oh, that's a good one. That's a miracle. I don't know how to have that happen again in a million years. Yeah. And let me ask you this question, seriously, because I really enjoy Toronto a lot in Canada in general. Why is it that the religious and they all, we have some religious nuts up there. But the religious right, as it's called in this country, seems to have so much less influence. And you don't hear that much about it. They don't bother the government very much. They're as opposed to here. You're saying the Canadians? Yeah, in Canada, you don't have that much religious fanaticism as you know. No, you don't. No, true. And my, your an atheist, I believe. Yes. I'm Catholic. And my husband is Catholic. We have three children. And one of my daughters is an an atheist. And so we have some interesting discussions. And you know, like she says, well, why does God let this happen? I said, God doesn't let anything happen. We were, we were, if you know, if you are existing, if you do believe in God, I said we were born with a free will. And for instance, if a child gets killed by a drunk guy, but that's not God's fault. You know, like those people yesterday, that was out the garage on the boat. I mean, they've been the wrong decision. Right. You know, so it's, it's, it's, or the people in that, the truck in, in Iraq. Right. I mean, I, do you think that was God's doing, you know, I, I, I don't know. Of course not. No, no, that's what I'm saying. And you know, something that people who believe that kind of thing, I mean, that's really sick. How could you believe in any kind of a powerful God who would in any way shape or form? Do these things, but on this by the same token, those people, for example, who survived 9-11 or who survived a plane crash. And then they say, oh, I prayed to God, I heard my prayers. What about the other people? No, it was, it's destiny. It's just, you know, that's just the way it is. It's the same with how can tornadoes and all the rest of it. That's, it's nature. And that's just the way the world is. I mean, if God stepped in to stop every horrible thing happening, nothing would ever go wrong in the world. But when I talk to my daughter, I say, okay, if you don't believe in a God, at least what's out the forces of good and evil? We have a lot of evil people in the world. We have a lot of good people. And the, you know, the, the leaders that we have are making bad judgments. Mm-hmm. Not a lot of because that's because there's somebody evil doers in this kind of. Yeah. Well, you know, so I just, I can't blame God. And I don't think the people should pray to God for their suffering. Excellent. Except for the main police fans, we need to pray to God. Well, they have a different gift. Goly, scow. See you around, eh? Okay, thank you. Oh, I like. Well, she just flipped when I played at C.K.L.W.Jingle. Marm, you, C.K.L.W. Oof! I'll see. Uncle Nelson, I need some Mickey and I's near the original places. John and North Miami Beach. What these people are sure all over Ham had a wonderful time here. I know. But we don't want to overdo it. Well, which one is the original? Mickey calls Eisner. No, well, they're all called Mickey calls. Well, well, I work on a during the break. Okay, I'll pick an attitude check and see what the ladle and says. Yeah, the Lord saved me. He answered my prayers. What about all the other people on a plane that died? Are the people in the car, the bus or whatever? Wow, you know, they're bunch of humans. Right. Or he was listening to them. Maybe he's, maybe he's had a hearing problem. It was their time. Oh. I said, I can't deal with it. That's why. And it's not only in Canada where you don't get hardly any of that. But any place else you go. This is what people, these perocular American people, who never travel. They don't get it. Do you realize that only 20% of Americans have passports? 20%. So, in other words, 80% of the people have never had a chance to travel to other countries and see what the world is really all about. Have been to Canada. I'm, but listen, you know what I'm talking about? That's just an Amsterdam world of Heathens. Harvard, Oliver Scandon, maybe Oliver Germany, France, Italy, especially Italy where you're expected to be like that. It's just the opposite. They're on to that silly old craft. They're on to that scam. Well, if a thousand people says, fourth, they do it in this face, you know? I'm telling you. And does he sniff it? He enjoys it. He said, wow. That's a gas. 12 minutes after, no, no, the 560 QAM. It's a gas. All right. This whole world is a gas. Oh, there's had your Mitchell. We're hearing. Who just happens to be married to Alan Greenspan, by the way. Getting that they're really not sure whether or not he's alive. There we go again. As he did it, we're live. Is it real or is it memorized? Every day, a rocky TV is showing more meetings with the Sodom and how the both sons and well, we're not sure if he's dead or alive. He's taped. Yeah. They pre-tipped it like 75 years ago. In fact, you know, something maybe all of this footage that we're seeing? Maybe that was pre-taped. Just like the landing on the moon. I was dead. I was dead. That's what I felt. I felt like our balance, see what he says. I'll tell you what I say about losing the way to what the beast is doing and a lot of other people who are certainly doing better than he is because he's a f-off is what he is. He really is. He's just a puts. But a lot of other people are having great success with balance for life. You want to know why? Because it makes dieting simple and enjoyable. Both of these things. The simple part being because you don't have to count calories and carbs and you don't have to go shopping and clean up a mess. Simple. And as far as enjoyable because the food is fresh and delicious. They use only the best ingredients. They give you a lot of neat things to choose from for every meal. In fact, you have two choices for each meal every day that you're on a program and they deliver all the food right to your door in your little black sack every morning. Six in a morning and your stuff is right there. Your homework, whatever. Three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks. plenty of food to keep you really full as the Chinese say Gazette and public all throughout the entire day. Nothing frozen. No artificial ingredients. No preservatives. No crap. Just fresh, delicious, really enjoyable food. And the way just pours off your body because it's all like I said Taylor according to the zone diet principles. No, the principle. He's losing weight too. Call balance for life today and start losing weight to easy delicious way and you'll look better than the beast. First mouthful of food. You put in your push. You'll look better than him. Call 9-5-4-5-6-8-32-29. 9-5-4-5-6-8-32-29. Get your health back and start feeling great again with balance for life. Check them out on the web if you like it. BalanceForLife.com. You're supposed to be 0.5-6-4. You, A.M. Sir, I, sir. Mr. Mouse. What the hell are you doing to me? What do you mean, sir? Why am I reading in the paper? You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn? Well, sir, we're just scouting locations. Jesus, unscouting CEOs, you are killing me. But sir, we've done what New York City Times Square point in seconds. Three. In-one. Reem it. Reem it. Reem it. Turn off the vacuum plan and reem it. Get that blue burn on it here. Okay, boss. If, sir, look what we've done. We've made down Manhattan 42nd Street is incredible. I know what publicly I supported that. But you took all the porn away. You're telling me. I'm going through gamvast. I'm like, Peds. We're just scouting areas calm down. We're going to need butt munch. Don't tell me to calm down. We've got lucky with Lee Lowe and Stitch, $128 million. No, you're trying to ruin the whole network. We're kind of programming on you running. Hang on a minute. The B-Dude. Reem it. Yeah, we got blue burn crap all over your shoulder. It's clean yourself up for heaven's sake. And can't also walk you in cleaner. Good. Good. God. Sir, the network is fine. Why couldn't you come up with American Idol? Good God. You're still running James Bob movie. They're 60 years old. Why don't you just put steam by willing on and be done with it? We still make a couple of damn dollars. Well, the movie division's fine. You mentioned a way where when Stitch and now we have the new M.N.I. Chumman movie coming out later this summer. Oh, I got signs. What the hell does that mean? Stop sign yielded sign. You're going to spec swing in some of these titles, Pass Me. Please. Reem it. Reem it. Here you go. I know you can hear me. Reem it. You're still running the bar to play. You don't have both of them. Thank you. You're still running. Reem it. Take that blue burn crap. Oh. All right. I sir. Yes sir. I'd be very careful the next time I started my car. Why were you? What do you mean sir? I'm about done with you. What? I'm not done with sir. I'll put hands down in your job. Put some here. I'm sorry. They're not putting remits in there. I don't like to be president of Disney Reem it's. Oh my. What a wonderful day. I hear you. Not back. 2010 at 5.60. WCM we needed that. You know that was great. Thanks for requesting that by the way. You silly person. A couple of facts. All in Lynn Samuels emails me to check this out. How did I miss this in the Sun sent a woman accused of having sex with boy 14? A 32-year-old mother of three has been charged with sexual assault because of a relationship she had with a 14-year-old boy. She met while leading a church youth group and he's heart for a connect ticket. Frisha DeHeart, now five months pregnant with a child she said was fathered by the boy, was charged in court yesterday with second-degree sexual assault and risk of injury to a minor. I did not assault him. DeHeart said yesterday after she returned to her east heart for the home after wick in jail. He's my very good friend. He told me he wants to marry me next year. The Bible turned 16 later this year old enough to marry with his parents consent, but his parents wore the ones who alerted authorities about the relationship late last year. It started when the family began going to DeHeart's home to attend east heart for admission a community church. DeHeart said she started. According to investigators, the 14-year-old boy was in the youth group led by DeHeart that included overnight trips. Her version of the boys involved in the group was that he was her assistant, someone she considered a colleague. He wasn't my student, she insisted that he was her colleague. Kind like Adam Kushner was Brian Andrews' colleague. He wished that I would do. He was trying real hard. Little Brian Andrews. Tippy Tone is way through the tulips. Court documents detailed a November sexual encounter in her home at 49-Milbberg Drive. She said she was distraught over the death of her brother in Jamaica and the boy by then 15 had come over to visit. He was comforting me to heart said it wasn't unnatural for him to reach out to me like that, but the relationship began before then surely before his 15th birthday corner polis, DeHeart took him to Florida with her in east heart for a police since he had sex with him there. His parents in Bloomfield didn't know it'd gone with her until he was reported missing from high school which he began attending a month before. His parents called Bloomfield Police and investigation was begun and on and on a coast. DeHeart says she hasn't broken the law, wasn't a crime she's claimed that her romance is more like Romeo and Juliet, she said, two people who can't be together because of how society views them. Yeah, like Pat Smart done it. For Dad. Pam Smart, whatever name it was. Pam Notso Smart. Here's a facts from John Boat George and Miami B. Too says, my mother escaped from a train to Siberia when she was 14 years old, my father was given a small bag of coins and escaped Poland to Switzerland on Christmas night 1939 when he was 15, he escaped on skis. You find no one who supports a strong defense and respects the great sacrifices of our pressure-professional military more than I do. Our first obligation of those troops is not to commit them to a conflict without solutions. What happened the exit strategy that colon Palodified is a key in any war plan. If we do go to war, it's our obligation to occupy and defend the civilian population under the Geneva Accords. Clearly we needed at least as many troops as the previous were impossible more to be an army of occupation. The Israelis have made bombings, snipers and general descent of their lives. They're ready to work because what we are doing is heading, diving headlong into a bist creating even greater tier of risks and we already have. Shock and off falls into the same category as letting the Chinese steal some of our most sensitive technology and not just during the plane moments after landing, it flows with the decision to allow friendly ballistic missiles to be delivered to Yemen for main North Korean power chip. We should have sank this ship and blamed it on Iraqi mines. Maybe demonstrations keeping missiles as insurance, in case they don't find any WMDs in Iraq. I grew up in Missouri and they chose a dead man over Ashcroff for the Senate. Now this holy roller is covered statues of justice with dresses because he's offended by seeing nipples on statues. This is the chief law enforcement officer of the U.S. certainly he's got more important things to do. So now we get to watch Tom Ridg speaking with that spooky 30 foot image of Missy, rains over the most powerful civilian organization in the world, secret courts, detention without legal representation. What scares me is that we must also sacrifice our constitutional rights to question the need for war. It is the duty of the Congress to declare war. They circumvented the issue by showing a blank check to conduct war preemptively just like Hitler's invasion of Czechoslovakia. So now we fight an unseen enemy in a secret war, sounds like George Orwell, the Mesa's John Boat George and Miami Beach. Keep up the good work, Neil. Honey, like that. If the people out there could just separate in their minds, we support the troops, all of us. Do we support the war? No, no, no. And that asshole professor of Columbia, did you read about him? No. You didn't read about that? Which one of the right ones? No, that idiot who said that he wished that the civilians more troops would die and that would just, you know, that this is what we should have happened in order to show that I think of our way. Oh, lunatic. Although, although he must not be the only one has that in mind. Writers in the Washington Post today. Yesterday. The US is prepared to pay a very high price in terms of casualties to capture back that an oust Saddam Hussein, a senior official of the US Central Command said yesterday. We're prepared to pay a very high price because we're not going to do anything other than ensure that this regime goes away. The official told reporters adding that US casualties in the 12-day old war so far had been fairly light. Fairly light. All the numbers. Does that mean they've been lightly killed also? Fairly light. If that means there'll be a lot of casualties, then there will be a lot of casualties that the official of spoke on conditionally not be named. You want me to read that sentence again since we're off of just bugging you? If that means that there'll be a lot of casualties, then there will be a lot of casualties you said. We're free. We're free. We're free tonight's in WW2 and we lose a thousand people he added. There will come a time maybe when things are going to be much more shocking. The official addressing reports at the Central Command's forward headquarters in gutters said they net resalt a reporting by correspondence with the invasion force with creating a false impression of constant ferocious battle. Such reports he said created the impression of much more difficult campaign than it was. That's not what's going on out there yet. It's military action at places primarily of our time in choosing. But once again, if it means there'll be a lot of casualties, then there will be a lot of casualties he said. And how many members of the administration have children out there? Oh! The big O. 567.560. Pound 560 on the AT&T line. WQAM. Yes sir. I wonder if you could do a three-flight for me. I'm bigger horn. The O. Ladies. No, we're not doing requests today sir. We're trying to do a radio show. Okay, cut the crap. Must be to play some O. Okay, how about? I heard she's an O. Look like one. 567. 560. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Mart. We have an open line doing scream of something like that. And then in Verizon. Typical. Typical and inversing. humiliating. The grading. What this time gives back. Not just to me but to anybody. That's why this town's in the shape that it's in. You got a bunch of an animal. People down around Saturday running around with their big sons. Viva Bush. Viva Bush. Bababa all this other bull crap. People are manipulated as easily as a bunch of sheep. Like the flamingos at highly. When they start blowing a whistle. They still do that. I don't know. Well, when it's feeding time they do. I say they give them a little whistle. WQAM. QAM. Hello. I'm all good. Go scratch him. If I get together with Greg he's got some too. WQAM. WQAM. Yes sir. I don't know if you talked about it already but the reporter who got fire from NBC for a present. Lickens got a bad headache too. We talked about the reporter about Peter running out. Oh my teeth are starting to ache again. Do you know that? What the word word? That present Lincoln enjoyed the play. Well, I'll open till that point up until that moment that finale. Goes to show you nothing's perfect. 27 past noon at 5.60 WQAM. If you find yourself in a really dead end job working for a puss, making peanuts, then get yourself a real career and the way to do that is get trained at fast train. Call them toll free. 1866 fast train gets started and they new high-pain computer job. Don't be like a lemon like Troy Todd Drek whatever the hell his name is. Sorry Troy. Todd Drek. No excuse anymore to wait because here's the opportunity you've been waiting for. Fast train to play so you can get trained for the high paid computer job. Call 1866 fast train. The offer can be in the evening weekend classes. Check fast train on the web if you're like a fast train dot com and get out of your dead end job. Quit working for nothing. Fast train tells you that computer professionals are in higher demand than ever before in their right and no matter where you live, there's about to be a fast train near you. So it's easy to get there and easy to get your training. Fast trains got locations in Miami, Kendall, Pembroke Pines and Fort Lauderdale. And you can register at fast train dot com to receive your free American flag bumper sticker too. And our friends at fast train by the way in all the years that you've been on with us. I just want to tell you this particular piece of copy from Todd Drek is the all-time warranty is an absolute. He makes fast boys seem like the good human man. Call fast train today gets you a big fat paycheck and a real career call 1 866 fast train. And when you call please make it a point to tell him that Todd Drek with the capital D.R.E.C.K. Todd Drek tour de de com. Oh Much better Justlift Hindu. You might mention my name right chose, But you marry? Okay. No tricks. a company one at five sixty w two m the mad dog the angry pussy he'll be a long one a clock hangover from vagus to seven three to six thirty shickle panther pre-brew six thirty seven the panthers at the caps in washing the very big game for the caps meeting was for the panthers at seven o'clock tonight with jugs and randy after the hockey game you got the eighties show gambling GA adica and ten uh... what is it two to six in morning join mark so you were about to tell me earlier when i just took that long brunner was that they were again the war before the war but now that it started they're all don't have was that rumor that i was that because that's what it didn't make any sense before it started and it was unacceptable and there was no justification for it once it started we might as well sell out is the term to come to mind sell out when it out let's sell out heard that from them you know something let me say it again i have never in my life seen such a country of weak sisters of lemmings of people and i'm so embarrassed for the people in in this business course i'm always embarrassed but more so than usual for the people in the so-called broadcasting business that everybody immediately has to cave in and go step in a line it just pathetic tragic now here's a fact that says from can't throw a lando pineal and George and fact you from our lando moved here last year and i love it hardly any cubans George yeah the only thing i miss about mine is you show the am stations here are craft there all run by cheap channel i do delivery is a clear channel one time i mentioned your name in late totally to show up because the boss doesn't like you ha ha ha no shmit and fact this were a part of our station no shmit we got balls and we got no shmit back to the just pouring in here today here's one from Tony who says that's Tony as an ashi we just wanted to thank you again for this weekend oh look at look at who this is this from our winners of that contest oh had her back for them filit bay and a Tony see we want to thank you again for this weekend you'll in George we had an awesome time it was crazy you can imagine it was actually a couple of jim and lives who are loyalists and recognize this from the pictures on the website i'm sorry we didn't get back to you soon but we need a little time to recover i'll bet i try to get out of work early Thursday to go see George at the hotel but wasn't able to i guess we'll just have to take a trip to treasure island next time you this so she can meet you she says you guys are great my husband loves you show thanks Tony and filit bay you guys are fine in more ways than one yeah it was wild Troy went back over the weekend and said that what i saw what we saw during the appearance was uh nothing was nothingness what do you mean by that in other words it was uh it was happening there's day when we went down for the but it was happening like times that was even yeah yeah how do you like this or were I looking for no i was looking to make sure he took those uh things on oh yeah try yeah because i don't want him to be the next pd Lenny okay no i don't want to have wild die rea the rest of the day i'm planning on spending it in joy and i don't want to have like wild die rea for the sake of the sales department like he's done over over the last of the time you and the bathroom no i don't have any bottle quirks 556 votes how does religion permit they we haven't had one call yet as usual and you want to know why cause you can't explain it and there is no justification for it all you about members of the god squad who listen to the show you know how many members of the god squad listen to the show but third man well there you go i haven't heard from any of them how does religion permit the carnage of the war in Iraq and again keep in mind this isn't self defense we weren't attacked by them okay oh i'm not allowed i have no problem with the uh what we didn't have gannison all the usual we didn't finish up yeah and uh we left him hangin but nevertheless i mean that was justified the taliban they attacked us we hit them you know like it said in the god five exactly we were not attacked we were not on the endangered being attacked they represented no tangible threat or approval threat to us the brits are anybody also the Aussies yep i'm under he might but no weapons that he might have to so bite that in mind this isn't uh we we attacked them and like i said yesterday and Jimmy brisland and that uh i still can't get over that column you know i read a twice and maybe maybe it just struck me but you can't wash away the blood on a hand in the paper or i will i do okay i don't care if they care i do because it's very obvious the blood is on their hands the blood of all of the people because there is an anybody dying there now or starving or lacking for medication for their children there isn't anybody they're inhaling that as medical that laden polluted air that isn't responsible for this attack which is exactly shock and all my fat ass money wipes the blood off religious fanaticism is that through the uh problem say 291 people guide doesn't carry as busy with ball games 111 even the lord loves neorodges 77 it doesn't attend commandments say that shall not kill 45 it's not the fan so god will allow it uh 26 and god wants to kill our enemies 15 kill our enemies there you go on here's a ill before i get back to your tremendous call it has been okay today and i'm all right and yesterday how do you like that uh joseph and lihigh acres somebody fastest to me letter the editor in the four miars news press be positive about war rights joseph president bush has started this word will finish it and all the protest will not change this if you are truly against this word then take positive action if it's about the oil give up your automobile and your electricity and make a difference if it's about the innocent lives go to a rack in volatile medical help if you can't go send food medical supplies and money although i believe the united states is doing it so joseph i guess is in favor of the war why he's not over there fighting it is that logical according to the uh words he says if we're such a terrible nation boy koddus and immigrate to the nation we should emulate lastly for those who are asking what would jesus do i believe that you're forgetting that jesus is not the man god is the man jesus is the sun through whom we get to god so the question should be what would god do or want to respect i believe if you read your bible perhaps to find another answer one that is not sit well with your show them love and peace theory god bless all of us and thank you to the men and women and yes the boys and girls who are still children who were the uniforms of our nation says joseph and lihigh acres god's got another answer right read the old testament the father of the son and the holy ghost the trinity out say i hit the right the news you've been even an old atheist like me knows that there is no difference okay there is no difference they're all the same animal the father of the son and the holy moly ghost okay friends would pass the toast or the way for will do bloody waitfers five six seven old five sixty pound five sixty maybe there were necko waitfers i do like necko waitfers don't you okay where do you get those camin the bit of q a m is this homework yeah this is former human being god almighty you think they're practicing their material or what not enough w q a m so i'm looking decay w q a m one and two go back to i rack you i rack you back to what he yeah it's what he trying to be a q w q a m yes of god's the great wise blue ball torch of uh that's a good point uh that's a good point if god is so great and of course this guy sounds like a voice of experience whoo whoo ball yes i'm so horny for you huh will you stopric tears and me you want me don't you oh see there you go if you're right in didn't so to speak five six seven oh five sixty pound five we got a bit for everything man as a matter of fact one duff cumin and said the w q a m q a m hello oh haha that was the best call of the century her yeah likely story honey w q a m how you doing thank god man i tell you i can't stand so far of the fear i used to be called for them to back here oh that's not listen anybody lives in California comes here a bad mistake bad move well i used to live here when i did it to do the music thing and came back and i tell you man it wasn't for you i pull with left of my hair out which i don't have much left you need to i'm pulling it right now one thing though can we get off the say rack thing it just is getting old meaning one yeah it's just like if i know i know that you're up you're up on you know you're up on it you're against it so let me ask you this have we talked about a multitude of things on his show here today that's true are we dwelling on the war are we dwelling in my putting on later with more all of that stuff i don't think so kind of dwelling just a tad but i mean i i'd like to hear about your love life and who you're they know that guy that idiot again oh jesus i'll say how very very sad how tragic oh my god oh please please free us from these people we're going to declare the emancipation proclamation right here on qam i'm here and see a one thing sir it's to read you that's for god damn sure as in oh god damn sure twenty till one at five sixty w qam one if you can't be funny at least be versatile yeah that's right pathetic sad your tragic probably uh it's probably your kicked his ass out of California probably got deported you know over a million people about the man for so what to phone from our friends at alamaix is including us and hundreds more doing it every week so obviously it's not like really a dangerous thing they like make a big investment over the phone because the dialometres are people you can trust i've been talking about them for years and through personal experience i guarantee you there is no better no smarter no more inexpensive way to get you a great name brand mattress than making that one easy call one eight hundred mattress one eight hundred ma tt rs if you call them right now they can be there not gonna be a new door by tonight take it for me i've called them like i said it in times they carry ceiling surdissimence king coil every size every style and you don't have to be disappointed no matter which one you want in whatever size they got it ready for nearly immediate delivery they're ready for you once you buy mattress and dollar my precious you'll never go back to the shore mishluppin again you'll never waste your time and money in those bidding and department stores and over yet when you buy your mattress and dollar mattress they set up the new and take away the crappy old smelly bidding for free i'll say it again for your unusual but along with all the other great service dollar my precious way to smelly swirlow bidding and such up your great brand new one for you for free so make the call now and guarantee yourself months and years of great sleep night after night call one eight hundred ma tt rs and then you can talk to that last guy about his love life and all the people he's doing wishes one eight hundred mattress for dollar mattress the easiest as smart as possible way to get you a great new name brand bed why and local we're sports radio five sixty two a you a yeah the book of rides came in of course you know i got a stall for a second or two until us think he's up but don't you understand i mean he short breaks are killer a tower bitch on the radio who found a niche with no life as host shut him women with neck and that as bras and sell you a time the participation has been tougher for a this what the so talent knows a better way so dealing it all. for you Krishna mm m As your mother, feeling too late Zora, I would strongly advise To put your tongue in my brown eye After your own a f***er He said he has just recovered The smell of provolo cheese Posing from her body The f***er We're at a mad dog, I'll write in the face And in burst, I understand you got to cover your hands I understand that he said I am a pussy And I'm proud of it, at least you admit it You're honest about it, right? I'm feeling great I've never had a bonding moment with Maudus morning A little bit of a bonding moment or two with Maudus morning We actually spoke, we waved at each other from a brief business No, no, had a little bit of a speaking thing in there We spoke a little, yeah A little number Thank you so much Go on here and rip out Eddie Jones and ask Come on, he can handle it Say no sir, I heard what you said yesterday It is still in, but that's the point We're not talking about the U of M and Donna Shalelli We're talking about Eddie Jones and a macho dolphins With you and your super bowl ring, the macho players who take showers together And they're worried about we got balls And I like I said yesterday, maybe that's why they choke in December Maybe they don't have any balls I think you guys oughta examine that Chris Joe Rose already has I am a pussy Okay Jim Eddis is I am a pussy, at least he admit it Let's hear it for the mad dog Lot of honesty comes for a lot on his show He really called you when he came in here He said it to me, he's not a backstabber He said it right to my face We already knew that He said that I'm a fuck sucker Okay What is going on? What's the big news with that? So he's all whipped up at our friends He mad dog will be along between one and three He wants to save his job He doesn't want to get in trouble with the dolphin organization He doesn't want to get canned He doesn't want to piss off any Jones He doesn't want to piss off He wants to piss off He wants that He doesn't want to piss off Oh, hey, feedler All of these people But like I said, at least he admits it Okay, he does, he's not trying to like defend the Indefensible He realizes it's silly, it's juvenile Eddie Jones should be ashamed and embarrassed Or at a thing with we got balls with billboards Would wacky Jackie Thompson get these people crazy I mean, just when you consider the source that alone Should tell them just to cut the crap Just consider the source, Eddie You silly goose I mean, and you know what should really be the proof And a pudding when Greg Reed has got the balls to stand up To this, what does that tell you, huh? A man who makes babies look like water balloons With what he's got hanging And even he stands up to it He makes gully look like he's almost got a pair Well, how to the he's smelled So rank this more, I don't know what it was I think that it's the pressure from that show started to get to him I think he's dumping his pants, seep him That could have been it WQAM Seaping with the enemy Yeah, with the meal I beg your pardon, yes sir This is Neil It sounds like me Oh, he sounds different from the radio Oh, sorry Listen, I love your show And we can be friends in this degree on the war But man Yeah I don't think we're friends I mean, you can call the show We can converse, but that doesn't make us friends Yeah That's true Well, in the beginning I was opposed to the war Okay But I feel like we've got to do something about I mean, do something about We have to do something about one Well, for example It's after 9-11, right? Two months later we got to know the bomb And two months later And two months later We got to know the bomb Or whatever, plain crash We had another plain crash similar to the World Trade Center Well, we were talking about the plane that crashed along I thought that had nothing to do with that That was not an accident No, no, no, I'm saying if we had We didn't have I know we didn't But we didn't We didn't Don't give me what if What if you're right? What if Sodom came down and took a dump on your I living room for carpet? Okay, you'd be pissed off What if the Martians attacked? Oh my god Oh, geez Look, I'm sorry I'm sorry See, and then I'll say Well, you see people disagree with you They won't call And then what what's there to listen to? This man is making up caca He's making up poop all they got If If chicken If chickens Pied man would be a flood all over the place If Mo was a good guy, we might be speaking to him I mean all of these things that are just not happening And I couldn't happen I thought maybe I missed something when he started Well, two months later there were Well, if If If he could go In addition to which let me say it again The attacks on his country were perpetrated By an organization that terrorist group called Al Qaeda That's why we went into Afghanistan And white most of their ass out And we went around the world And we were secretly in Natsu And we were not so secretly Convertly and overtly we eliminated them And rounded them up on whatever we could do Fine, no problem all for that All for it, don't hold, maybe Go get him, give him one for But the idea that all of a sudden Because like I said, if somebody down the street Comes to take some dump on your lawn And you can't find out where he lives So the next thing you do is you go across the street And dump on air lawn to get even with even though you know Wasn't them They're all the Talk about a stretch That's what it's all about They're stretching it And that's why they're so desperately trying to convince you and world opinion about Oh, well, you know, we know that they've got connections To al Qaeda and we know that they've done this and they've done that And that they've got weapons and mass destruction So far, all it's still even at this point is nothing but conjecture They found those suit And you can be damn sure if they found anything They'd be pregnant around like the guy They're in Macy's parade They'd be on TV 25 hours a day Stick it in your and your push Sir all I can say is I feel sorry for us For people as thoughtless as you Who are so willing to you want to be a lemon see I mean it's one thing to become a lemon It's nothing to want to become one and you want to be you want to go stuff You want to just fall into line and believe whatever bullcraft they pedal you you know what's in Are you sure oh yes, but what if Chicken's feed And Chicken feet and we're chicken feet as a Massachusetts it's in bus By the way, that's what we're going to win fade nests because we're 10 of all in liberals up there So once we get done and I rack our ran in Syria and maybe North Korea then we're moving to do a Massachusetts And all those other blue states you know around the edge of the boat of the regore Yeah, huh, well see you have nowhere 1251 at 560 WQA And if your carpets look like crap man if they've been invaded by grime and dust and schmutz Hotsie answer the answer is to make one easy call. You know how easy it is when you smart when you got all these phone numbers Call our good friends at dry concepts and I'll make your carpets look and smell and feel just like brand Who like they've been doing my house for over 21 years now Dry concepts are still around while the others have come and gone because they do a stupidist job They give you a guaranteed written price before they start to job so unlike most carpet cleaning companies that specialize in ripoff and scams Never have them with dry concepts written guaranteed price right up front when they get done with the job They give you a rose you hand them a check and everybody's got a big smile on the post because you'll you look at that Carpeting and say holy crap. It looks just like I've had brand new carpeting later to fraction of the price And they also do a stupidist job a clean your post or you let a furniture area and rugs and your expensive oriental rugs as well Nobody does it anywhere like dry concepts problems with pet orders middle the voters caused by water damage They'll make those go away too do yourself a humongous favor. What you got to do is do business with these people one time and on your carpet cleaning Problems will be done for the rest of your life because you'll never use anybody else again Call them toll free from anywhere 1-800-248-507-1-800-248-507-1 or log onto their website at dryconcepts.com Don't forget with dry concepts clean today you can entertain tonight Bye Thank you This is 4-2560 You're way too way Are you fudge back Oh We're being subbed in the module and can help we saw a billboard sign today We don't like that we will We have balsers not the kind of that they'd like to see If we have any balls with a spread reasoned our team and we want our name off of the side Yes, it is in bed rain night and flow we want to verify the dolphins have no ball I don't know Don't know Shundana That's for hope, they'll go inside That we've got balls Don't know Don't know With how to find and throw a ball Eat Eat I'll send you many life with hurricane We'll now be checking inside their tent Do I have to Or am I flew Take down that sign They're lying Don't have any ball That's why they slap each other's teeth Recto Both are my teeth And I do A ball You know, as he's got Dona Shalila in the dolphins like cross dinner How come he left any Jones? Oh, that's right He's got no balls either 1256-56-56 He's got no balls either He's got no balls either He's got no balls either He's got no balls either He's got no balls either He's got no balls either He's got no balls either He's got no balls either He's got no balls either He's got no balls either He's got no balls either He's got no balls either He's got no balls either He's got no balls either He's got no balls either He's got no balls either He's got no balls either He's got no balls either He's got no balls either He's got no balls either He's got no balls either He's got no balls either He's got no balls either He's got no balls either He's got no balls either He's got no balls either He's got no balls either What's your favorite holiday? Huh? What's your favorite kind of cardo? We're in. What's your favorite we're in? That other pay it's in. This must be my mental. Whatever he's sending me man. It's just uh... Here we go. Here we go. Let's see it. Great show today. Hope they didn't have anything to do with my not being there. As a matter of fact Carl was not that you mentioned that. George wasn't so distracted the whole show. Actually we were communicating here and other than that. Huh? No, seriously you made him into like George Jr. And now all of the just sits in there and pack that by the whole show. Just want to say thanks again for the tickets we had a great time. Even then we lost again greatly appreciated it. If we can get a first hand report tomorrow from Carl. So if he shows up for work. Unless his dogs got diarrhea again. And find out about those waterless urinals. Oh. I'm urining to find out about that. Also please take a look at our new cartoon page. He's working on it but it's getting there. And tell me what you think. Whatever you're doing it's great. Okay, be number all you're doing a great job. Oh! Keep it up, okay. He's doing a great job and then of course there's Eric. WDQAM. Allow me, y'all. Yes? How would you? WQAM. Yes, sir. Is this time to start the neil film? I'll bring your partner here. Go ahead. You're on right now. Okay. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yeah. Hey, just wanted to say I love that bit on the about 30 man. Do you? About 30 man? Okay. Well, I would play it. But if I played it in here, then it's going to like, About 30 man. Oh, thank goodness. I don't, you know what I'm saying? I want to like to carry over to the other crap at the end of the show. I have to be very careful to cue that stuff up for the end of the show. So I don't get it wrong. Because when you get to be old and fee-bryle like me, when you get to be as old as Mo. WDQAM. Hello? Hello? Hello, yes? Yes. Speaking. Is this Neil Roger? Yes, ma'am. Oh, Neil. Yes, I am. My neighbors next door deputed. You want to flag on top of the roof. Yeah. I'm upset about that. Where are you from? I have a year. Ha ha ha ha. Well, I think they did the right thing. I think I like that. Wow. Oh, great. Ha ha ha ha ha. Woo! Yeah. That was sensational. I told you see it just take the right thing. Number calls here at the end. And you get the winner, Jackpot. How many calls would you have to take to get one like that? Yeah. 30,000. That was sensational. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. She's from Highly. So what else you complain about? Viva Kuba. Viva Kuba. Do I help with Fidel? I say let's bring the troops back and go in and kick Fidel's ass. All right. Don't you think that's a good idea? Wouldn't take that many? How come they're not screaming about that little event? I realize it makes a lot of sense, which may be part of the reason. But how am I, say, scream? He's an evil door. He's done all these terrible things. He's a brutal, ruthless, a dictator. They have no free elections.