Good morning, Neil. I got everybody mad today. Do you think Limbaugh was inhaling maybe a little bit of a rush? Yeah, a little rush, baby. A little crank, maybe some oxy. Yeah. He is his housemate. His, uh, you know, she was wearing wire taps. His, she was selling him blues. And he was padding her down. Padding her down. For wire taps. I mean, that's what the sum you guys said. No story says. So I'm going to show her, they said he did some work at his house. I'm in Palm Beach. And he made him wear surgical booties around his house. Says, uh, when his housekeeper quit, he became increasingly paranoid, even padding her down for recording devices. Uh, he told me he was going to New York for detox for a second time. And she says, after he returned, I went to talk to him and he cried a little bit. He told me if it ever got out, he would be ruined. Oh, right. Man. Oh, right. See it. I guess there's no one. What such a mean spirited vile vulgar tuba cramp like him. It's just beautiful to see all this coming down on his hand. Oh, I got the entire, uh, half of the sale staff here mad at me. Good. Uh, and you know what? I'm right. I line their pockets with money, but they blame me when they're not making money. And I say, blame the management, not me. You know what I mean, Neil? No, what do you mean? I mean, then I'm not going to, you know, it's simple. How many people did I tell you today or after me? But, third man. So I'm just going to let, you know, my protectors protect me, right? I, I, I need to be protecting the sales department. There are a bunch of belly acres and winers and excuse makers. I don't think I said anything. There's something I look at this long today in my four hours. It's enough to make a grown man cry. Here's the guy said to me today. One of the sales guys is you get your $25 every time you mention them. And I go, you get your $25,000 you prick. And I don't care about your exact family. I don't care about his family. I care about mine. And if the sponsor isn't paying me juice, then I'm not, they're, I'm not their loyal, fricking, uh, budding mouth. You know, they're going to be loyal to any sponsor until I get mine. How's that sound? That feels the permanent is the sorry thought. I think they got him out of a dumpster in Skippy was like, right on the bottom of the heap. Yeah, right now outside ready to see it. Right there. I didn't just talk to you. He stalks me. Really? Yeah. Well, tell me he's doing one hell of a job at my accounts, not that he's a piece of crap. Oh, I'm going to get Luca Brotsie in February. I'm sorry. I can't talk about crap on my show. Oh, can you take a crap? I know. I know. I can only buy your contract that you're letting take one crap a month. I will. It's every day when you come on the crossover from now on. If you could. You know, just part and move much as possible because I don't get your own touchable and I'm not allowed to be you. I'm not allowed to do what you do, but you are. So do it on my show to my ratings. In fact, I just parted for real now just to give you another show. For four hours about dumping in your pants so that you could like maybe just carry my, that would make me I would go on the master bay. Now who's this the bad who's the interjecting here? I have no idea. I just excited about your pulls then. Did you drive what? That was a forrell. Oh, that was the beast. I didn't know anything. I was not. These are those people that are in there trying to get me. Come on. I heard the day. Tubba crap. I got salespeople that got a great cartoon. Do you see the sun settle this morning? No. Actually, I don't read the paper ever. Good. Good move. But anyway, yeah, let me just tell you the good stuff. It's a cartoon from a pp park in a show somebody so called fans, Marlon's fans. And here's the huxter. You know, the guy the son of crap at his aisles. And it says get your pre-tattered Marlon's jerseys here. Look like you've been a fan all season. And he's holding up a quarter of Marlon's jerseys like all Schmutzie and it's got holes in it. And here's the fans with their money out. They're all whipped up and they're reaching out beautiful, front running phony play. So had your buddy Randy Molar on in a minute. He got my ass buddy. Wait, wait, wait. See, you haven't been in Jake's understand. He's the team clown. He's the team mascot. He's not my buddy. He's actually person. I asked him if Jake was dead and actually doing a broadcast. And the answer is, oh, yeah, he's been dead 10 years. Yeah, so who's going to replace him? I think I offended him. You're that good. Good. The poll. Who's worse? Dave Ann Boring, or Judge McDonald. I'll be an excellent guy. Yeah, that might be a good one that I haven't yourself. And then he's pop fan. You know, I hope that Jake's gets like pneumonia this year. And they actually asked me to call some games. Because if there's one thing I can do, I miss suck. But I can call hockey game. I just know. But anyway, the interesting part of our show got a biester paranoid now. Because he's had guilty for the last two years. Greed that that his ass is old, grizzled ass. Wantin' a panther play by play radio job. Y'all they can do it either. He's got a bull. Who was after his job? Galby's boring. I heard a ball of games boring. Whoopy. Sparring. Every game of league's boring. Whee. There's no list. The only guy. I mean, I can't even, uh, I can't even name one of them that's entertaining. You're not in jail, Bowen, now again. I think he's boring. They're all. I know you pulled your ball in and know how. But you didn't even set up in scully shots. So you have no taste. He's got a guy. He's boring. He sounds like he's not going to be a dumb. He's scully sucks. That's where I always stop a cup of coffee. You can do parts more so that I can upset Greg. Okay. Okay. Remember? This is not my program. It's not the old. We can fart it. Oh my God. We can fart it. Oh my God. We can get the, I mean, I said, you blow it. It sounds when you suck your worthless. And all your accounts. Get the crap away. Oh my God. It's just vanish. You don't even have to do anything. You've got to keep back there when you're head up. Scraping. You fast. Who the hell are you? Could not. Everybody in the sales department. I get twerp like poison. You got the holly. Probably after selling drugs on a street corner. I was doing it in 441. He is 8. But I guess I'll see you from the housewife of Rush. I can need to be a favorite deal and blow some farts and poop. Thanks. Every great day, Neil. See you guys. Here's one for the road. The honey, you won't get. One, two, two, you. Lots of dots of up your fat and a don't you know that. Anybody can get bailed by some karma, especially a right way Nazi. Oh, when anybody can get bailed by some karma, who was you, who brought the karma home. You may be bad, but you are always done. Yeah, that sucks, but the good news is. 200-50 million bucks. Well, buy a lot of you farts and drugs. You hate people who aren't like you. Over there, with that I got your lots of stuff. You're not just on those right here. You don't just know that. There's become a buzz band to get to some kind. Like all the millions that they're channels. Oh, hey, that's up. See they text you, lose your eyesight. I don't care. I love your balls, follow. You're not going to walk you off. Oh, 10-07-560. It's a great day boys and girls. Wow. Great day for the Irish and the Jews and the women, everybody else. Did you have any idea? When you were, I did it. When I rolled my fat ass out of bed this morning. I didn't even realize that he had been forced to resign. So we say we don't want to see who is can do it. Oh, because that's just isn't appropriate. Like on Shula. They don't want to say, oh, we fired this use by Mr. to brainstorm. So he had ESPN films come to his home and they film this whole thing and see, I wear wear retired. I've ever retired. You believe it? No. Same thing with Rush. I've heard my fat ass. No, they retired his fat ass. And anyway, let's do yesterday's pull results here first before we get into this because we got some heavy duty. I talked about this at length yesterday before it became like really the thing to do is you're all over the country. And of course now, what do I tell you? Minimal response at our website is to do something really, really a miss. Because they think it's a sports thing. It's not a sports thing. It's partly ongoing political scenes. Even I turn on like an entertainment show whether it's sports, whether it's a comedy show or sitcom. I don't want to be indicted with politics. You know, we got to, we're just drowning in the sea of right wing propaganda in America who'd have once that. So when to turn on a pregame show for a sporting event or to game itself, the last thing anybody in your right mind wants is some right wing or left wing asshole on there, making all kinds of socially irreprehensible statements in the bull crab. And ESPN took four weeks for him to get canned. I still wonder if this whole thing wasn't just predetermined a big publicity step from the beginning. They probably didn't count on the New York Daily News, putting on a front page of the story about his pill probe. The old pill probe. Pobbage county by the way is investigating. They're relieving the investigation. But nevertheless we'll get back to that. Yesterday's poll, I don't know what this second category, what Gustat op a little bit. Should Neil accept how our David is overtures of peace and love. Absolutely not. We hate more than 36, 32% nearly a third of the audience said, don't even think about it, you idiot. Yes, we harmony it, QAM. That's sad. No, that just seems out of character for this crowd. 250 people said that 18.8% aren't too little suspect. Well maybe he's a nice man. Well maybe he's a nice man. Why should be asking you a question because then I got to set that anonymous faction in a mail. We'll be upset like I'm talking to you and I'm supposed to ignore you. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh man. What a sour bunch of people. Anyway, yes, we need harmony at QAM 215. Only if more paints is vaults by 182, 16.8% lot of us would pay to see that. Only if Neil has no self respect, 1951, 16.7%, I have to take that very seriously, don't I? No, huh? Yeah, whatever. Well I mean, I don't want to made up the question, so I was like an invitation for them to say, don't you dare, Rivalium? And who's more Howard David in 177 people just to be wise asses that's 15 and a half percent said, who's more Howard David? Everybody knows more. Right, nobody don't know more. Not no more. You think? No. Nobody knows, don't know more. No, no, no, no. That's right. That's what I'm thinking. Today goes for a lot of 100 votes on yesterday's poll. But they were too crazy about it. They wanted to be, I don't know what they wanted. And of course they don't know what they want. So here go Limbao resigns from NFL show. Does anybody really believe that he voluntarily resigns? No. I mean, the Schmidt really hit the fan yesterday because the one thing you don't do on national television is make any kind of a statement that's like racially insensitive. You just do this, don't do it because you know what happens if you do it. You get your aspired. You get canned. And believe you'll meet, he wasn't doing like a comedy thing. He isn't known for satire and comedy to say the very best. And you can see that if you watched the tape, that was listening to the audio was one thing, that was listening to the way he presented it. It was obvious it was like pre-plan. It was like scripted. He planned it ahead of time. Here was the bomb. Oh, sorry, I forgot. Here's the bomb. Who's going to drop on a public? Oh, this is a dot of it. He's not really that good. The media's been praying for a black quarterback. Where's that story I got? Where's the thing about the up? I hope I didn't Schmidt can it. Oh, no. Oh, I did. From the Atlanta, I have to get that again. There was seven quarterbacks started in the NFL the other day. And there were two other regular black quarterbacks who didn't star because they were injured. So that's nine. How do you like that? But the media's been looking to play up a black quarterback because it's a racial thing. And once again, you know, and then I hear a Tucker with his Votes, I say it a little pansy on CNN crossfire. Well, the liberal media, the liberals always with their affirmative action and their racial diversity. All the sudden, what does that have to do with it? It's a stupid ballgame, you asshole. Pathetic. He's ripping a guy because, well, he's black and he's not good enough. But the media wants to pretend he is because they want to pat it to the dark folks to the schwarzys. What kind of crap is that? So Rush gets canned. And that's only the beginning of his problems. We'll get to that pill story momentarily. Aren't you excited? There's so much going on today. I'm squeezing myself. And we got something else going on at noon. Today we got a big van hit with our best in the Elmerch and Nice and there's very Amarjali popular. Mohar David and Keychane for a van to pet rescue. No until two was Yo Castelo and the lovely Miguel. They'll be at Riva, Yavahah 3671, North Tixi, Highway and Pompito Beach. They'll be there together. I haven't been informed yet who's going to be on top. And here's the deal. They have five pair of tickets to see Alice Cooper and Concented Pompito Beach amphitheater and eight pair of tickets to the Panther Lightning Exhibitiones game at the Yethis Center. This Saturday the fourth of October. So there you go. For the first, I guess, your mix and match for the first 13 people to make a donation to a van to per rescue and get some of our nifty nifty CDs. And other merchandise. 1013 at 5.16 WQM if you don't have a good mattress. You're not sleeping worth a craft. Man, your back will tell you your back will be sore and you'll be sore about it. Don't get sucked into one of those sales from the vetting and the furniture stores now because they can't even come close. What they do is they double the price. Then they cut it in half and say, hey, look at what a big sale is. And the prices are still higher than your every day. To end with the 65 they year prices at down on mattress. For real discount prices on dozens of great models from the top names and the universe. This is the way to do it. Pick up the phone and call dial a mattress. They got them all. See these sort of tempered, eximmons, King Carl Sternson Foster. He would know nonsense, no bait and switch, no house brands, no false promises, no phony sales. They'll give you a service like you only dream about because when you call dial a mattress at 1-800 mattress, you're really honestly and legitimately it sounds too good to be true. But they do it. You pick today and time for delivery. And you to our window. What it's convenient for you when your ass is going to be home. noon 2-1-3-5-7 whatever. In the morning till 10 p.m. any day, 7 days, week can be sleep at like a child. The very first night. I would sleep at on a mattress and dial a mattress for years and look what a picture of health I am. You should be doing the same. With low prices, same day delivery, free setup and roof will it's easy to see. By dial a mattress is ranked the best in the world in customer satisfaction. So look at con. Don't get sucked in by those mattress. Show them or furniture store ads. They can't come close to dial a mattress every day deals. Pick up the phone. Call them right now. They'll be at your door in no time at all. 1-800 mattress. That's the number to call 1-800-MATTRES or online its mattress.com. We're sports video 50-10. You a-m. Holy Mac and I. This is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neo God. This is Rush Limball. 7 of humanity, touch show host, hemorrhoid suffer. Folks with over 300 pounds, I know the aggravate of this kind of dilemma. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you there's a help. With new preparation Rush and my Rush to excellence depositories, now you can end the pain in the history of hemorrhoid will teach you just for my picture on the box of depositories and the applicator tube. Another fine product from OIB, the obesity and broadcasting network. 10. 17 at 5. 60 by my Rush. Anyway, I don't even watch your ESPN, at least not on that. I don't watch the pre-game on ESPN, do you spot? Yeah. You do? What an asshole. Well, I guess they even watched it again. Okay. Here's our first poll before we get onto the LA Good Juicy Rush stuff. Before we start stiffen Rush. With the Marlins and a playoffs and after a great season, what's your take? We've got five categories here. No lie. Okay. It's just anonymous. Pull. Don't lie to try to make yourself feel better. I mean, just tell it like it is for months in your lives. Okay. Be honest. I've been a real fan all along. I'm a recent fan. I'm just jumping on the bandwagon. I don't give a crap about the Marlins or Hanyi Eli still don't give a Schmidt about sports. There's five excellent choices for you touching all cameles. If you realize did you watch any of that? Yep. First inning is when he lost the game. And in my mind, I said to myself, there are had too nothing they have the bases loaded and nobody out. And they don't screw anymore runs. Three straight strike out. Eric Caros may have had the worst at bat in the history of baseball. Even some swissie little pitcher could have had a better at bat than that. It was the worst at bat with a bases loaded. They wind up not screw anymore. I said to myself, they had a chance to put the game away right there. They had to brave on the ropes. Gasping for oxygen. And when you let them off the hook like that, you always lose the game. And you can't even find any time Zedvandri. Is it Harbinger things to come? It was bad. Very well put. They heard that George, Harbinger things to come. Pretty just like with Rush. I think the ESPN thing with Rush is the Harbinger of things to come. He must have heard somebody else say that. But yeah, well let's just a sports cliche, but that's why he said it saying. Of course we need to sell sports cliche because you hate sports. Watch which is probably why are they hate you? Now what's going on here is they must be a Houghton on there. Oh there you go. Twenty six votes. I'm in a real fan all along. Eight. Okay. I don't give a crap about them. I'm just jumping on the bad way in five and I'm a recent fan one. Well that's fine. I like that. Five people on us. Not that's what I voted. Although I'm not really the only category I could. I'm not really on the bandwagon. I'm not rooting for them or against them. I just think it's nice for the community. Something good and exciting is happening now. Something for people to cling on to all the cling on's in South Florida. Somebody bad and embarrassing and humiliating things happen with such great regularity like the Chad thing and the alien thing and just about anything else you can think of. Oh man. And all the illegal alien floating up on sure every day. They're kind of an anapot a aroma that kind of blurt lingers over our day county anyway. And there's now seat. I thought only a sped people used to seat but there's like seeping into brown and upon beat. I've even in school right now. There's a whole bunch of madaconeys and cheese. There's those top of them. Limbal resign from NFL show. That's the I didn't even know about this. I'm sitting here this morning. I didn't know he had the can they can't I mean he resigned as fat ass. They can them can't ass. Yeah can't fat ass anybody want about 20 pounds. In the wake of his controversial statements regarding Eagles quarterback Donovan McNay. Rush Limbal has resigned from his position on ESPN Sunday NFL countdown pregame show. ESPN has accepted the resignation with Glee. I'm sure they're sure they were dancing. They said resign now or else and he wrote it out and signed it and they said okay thank you. Limbal I should have stayed in late last night which he wrote my comments this past Sunday. We're directed at the media. We're not racially motivated. Right. I offered an opinion. The opinion is caused discomfort to the crew which I regret. I love NFL Sunday countdown. Don't want to be in a distraction. The great work done by all who work on it. Therefore I've decided to resign to which we say. I appreciate the opportunity to part of the show and wish all the best of those who make it happen. And of quote. Greg Bogg, Boddenheimer, president of ESPN ABC Sports issue to follow in response. He said thank God. No he didn't say that. How much he did though? Under his breath. He said we have set this resignation in regret. The circumstances surrounding this. We believe that he took the appropriate action to resolve this matter expeditiously. Oh man. The comments referenced by Limbal. Okay. Negative Ratch and didn't come immediately. But on Tuesday, McNad told the Philadelphia Daily News. It said that you've got to go to skin color. I thought we were through with that whole deal. I thought that was like a old step in fetch it in Antimama stuff. From there, the firestorm spread quickly. Democratic presidential candidates, Wesley Clark, that's general Wesley Clark to you. Howard Dedean. What? We tired. That's retired general. Wesley Clark to you. Former Vermont governor. Howard, not so retired Howard Dean. And Reverend Al Sharpton. See he's got a title. It call for ESPN to fire Limbaugh. Others in the both political and athletic circles also last out of Limbaugh's comments. Who's that that said athletic? Who said that? I saw somebody to say that actually right on camera this morning. And I just about pooped my pants. Oh, I can't say that. I can't do it. I can't think about it. I don't know. That's for real. I can't do the poop thing. I can do it. I can poop all I want. Let's see. Stuttabank Gill on Homestead already has a commentary on hearing. He says the Rush Bulls mid is just a self promoting. You know, I think that our whole audience at Newiness today turned over to a flush. I really believe that. Do you? Yes. I'm serious. Remember it. New in the phones like we're like all of a sudden died and then the one to two hour. I enjoyed it. What do you do? I've played a lot of good stuff. But the website was like deadly. It says Rush must be coming out with a new book or something. Get this knucklehead in the White House where he belongs. He's cute. That's excellent. Nice God. That's that ring. Go. Anyway, coz on to say the National Association of Black Eurenalists also called for ESPN to separate itself from Limbaugh from this right wing hateful racist piece of scum. ESPN's credit. See, it just didn't make any deal with this made about as much sense to put him on there as it did for Dennis Miller to be on my net football, which also helped later gigantic egg. Sure. This is the desperation that the sports networks are going to because they're looking for another court cocell and like a podium of million times. Stop, third man. That they're ain't going to find another Howard coceller. There is no other Howard cocell. You know, I mean Howard cocell was a political guy. He was an attorney. He was a lawyer. But he was entertaining. And quite to the contrary of making racist comments. He was good buddies with your co-spersonal friend. My hand at all. Colin Flower Ali. Shake it up. Yeah. He's shaking. ESPN's credit ability is a journalism entity. Is it stake in a BG National Association of Black Eurnal's president Herbert Lowe said in the news release? He doesn't make a good TV that low TV is fabulous. It needs to send a cursing let the subject of race and equal opportunity are taken seriously that it's news outlets. McNabb also provided more reaction yesterday. It's somewhat shocking to hear that on national TV from him at that said it's not something that I consider and say it won't bother me. Limbaugh turned down request to appear on sports center yesterday. But earlier in the day on a syndicated radio talk show he refused to back down because he is a pompous as he lies a lot. He slanders everybody from the sun from the Clintons. Anybody you can name. We don't agree with his right wing views. He says all this has become the tempest that it is because I've been right about something he said. If I wasn't right there would be the it wouldn't be this cacophony of by the way the word Mo is cacophony. It wouldn't be this cacophony and he was mispronouncing it all. Cacophony. There wouldn't be this cacophony of outrage that sprung up on his sports writer community. You made it a wrong move. Wednesday night ESP at issue the statement that in part where we've communicated to Mr. Limbaugh. This comments were insensitive and inappropriate. His resignation was officially announced just before midnight last night to which everybody with a brain said. Yeah, alright. You fact top of crap. You jack ass. And it serves them right that it blew up on her face in the first place because like I said it to make any sense. Anybody with a child could have told you what they want to put some right wing bomb bastic political commentator some Nazi bastard on here to spot right wing hateful crap. What the was that guy to do with football on a price of rights right. Yeah. But don't confuse them with the facts. And that would of course we got the pill pop and we're talking to the ladies which I'll get into a great length here momentarily because you know ordinarily anybody in the business you feel for it. But in his case because he's such a venomous hate mongering sack or crap because he lies so much. What's that one of the book about the Rushland buys a big fat liar something like that. So you know the one I mean I do but I don't know that like documents about 80,000 of his 30 million lies. 1026 and 560 it's a great day like that one email I got at the CNN it says boy we got Rushland by a forced off ESPN and we got a Republican scandal at a White House. What more could Democrats and liberals want to which we say yes about time and always getting no blow jobs either that we know of yet. Yeah. Yeah. Although to be honest with that whole thing on the pregame show on ESPN that was a two hour blow job. Yes, see even mad dog knows about it. 26 after 10 at 560 WQM if you got a gigantic ball spot on your head you can either do nothing about it like me because in my case it's going to make a difference not really. But in your case a lot of you guys out there who under the age of 100 younger than me it probably can make a big difference for you. They have many many choices because everybody's an expert now everybody's a provert and expert. They've all got some answer to your baldness problems. They got pills they want to sell you and then of course you keep taking him and taking yourself at the dangerous side effects and then you find that nothing's happening on top of your head. It really propiss you off and then you got those awful mouthy looking pieces like the one that mow wears that is the laughing stock of the community and the same Donaldson piece and the Dennis Cassinage piece and the Aaron Brown thing it looks like it's going to crawl down the side of his head right there on camera. If you want to look better and younger than you ever dreamed you possibly could again if you want to say goodbye to your bald spot come out good buddy Charles Alfieri because his natural hairline system is the most amazing available in the world that any price and it's affordable too. That's right if you mention your largest when you cut you get next to 200 bucks off that already low price. So what you got to lose beside a shiny ugly bald spot that makes you look old and ugly. And everybody gets Charlie's 3D day guarantee you have nothing lose but the bald spot because if after 30 days you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells if you're not warm and cozy and cozy. Because then Charlie gives it a cozy you'll get your 30 day money back etc. Here's the deal. Call them stole free 1-800-321-2413. So I'm just a you for today. I'm so excited about this personally. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I You yeah Today I'd like to read a letter that I'm writing to all white people today in the spirit of unity and Extended Dear white folk couple of things you ought to know When I'm born I'm black When I grow up I'm black when I get sick I'm black when I go out in the sun I'm black when I go out in the cold I'm black when I get scared I'm black and when I die I'm still black but you my white man when you're born you are pink when you grow up you are white when you get sick you are green when you go out in the sun you go red and when you get cold you turn blue when you get scared you turn yellow and the happiest time my life is when white people die you turn purple and you got the damn nerf to call me colon 1032 at 560 WQM he sure got away with words that Louis Furrconners another one by the way you ever seen him in rush together no better take a couple calls before we get into our pill popping here's for a lot of day hello yes sir sorry about that bro you do man okay I really haven't chance to listen to you I'm sure you're talking I just lost you man you've been talking about that rush deal but you know I despise that guy probably more than a lot of people on this earth but I just can't understand the fear over what he said I mean you could be considering the source but it's like you gotta be so clean you can't say anything you can't say that you're talking to people it's ridiculous even if he went on a year and said don't make me was the name bigger you thought that would have been okay too well honestly yeah yeah okay good have a nice life 560 five sixty pound five six he doesn't understand right by the way they get the hood on straight the meeting tonight eight o'clock 560 pound five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line he's the biggest is you believe anything that he just said no he's a widow head he's an idiot hmm here's Miami hello yeah I would be you sir hey I'll back clear I'd be the NFL it's gonna be on a set of rush well we're getting so see that can we get to stand in here to hear the response from the audience about this and this is being talked about all over the world today this is the big story and so far we're too to do we're batting a thousand to do do I'll make the call here's a del Rey Beach hello yeah see if we can keep this week going yes sir good morning sir yeah I just had to call you because I am deriving sexual excitement editor told rush will about that courts court meet two if there was ever a person who deserve it to be not now not one peg but several they would have to be this guy I let do listen to his show occasionally and she might have lied that this man spews it's unbelievable how he gets over twenty million listeners per day is beyond me I'll forget Arnold is eight points ahead in California so that should give you a pretty good clue right there yeah I've spoken to you tons of times and about how the Americans can be and whatnot that's of course when he starts to be one of the right wing hey keep in mind one word redneck okay America like I keep trying to tell you is loaded with rednecks million millions and millions of rednecks what I want to hear though is how he somehow gonna tie his resignation from ESPN to the Clinton presidency because everything that happens with this country at all according to him goes back to Bill Clinton so I'm not a Hillary to I think Hillary made him do it yeah I'm just curious I'm actually gonna tune into that swell and just to catch the spin that he's gonna place upon it but I'm like you I'm sitting here driving with a chubby buddy okay I love you Neil squeeze it hard pal I have a great fight you know you gotta be friend what said he's driving with a chubby buddy he's driving with his tubby yeah buddy yeah maybe he likes the cream sickle like no that's a boolee by the way Nadine says wow great more than expected from Clark and small the last time I hate to break the news to Nadine I forgot all about it I'd you know I'll decide out of mind didn't see it George saw it's a Clark is hot and the show didn't let me down I like the bad Clark and we can all agree on that Nadine what do you think are we on the same page we're on the same page back can't see until Sunday when they do to repeat they're running at the what do they call it easy view I don't know what you like so right there in front of your face they say hey see this see how easy what's to view that says love the computer because it brings me close to you thank you Nadine I'll let check it out I'm Sunday because they are only good things about it I here was a real eye popper was there's nothing with toppers again we'll be talking about rush I can't wait to get to this New York Daily NewsCon but we got so many great calls on here you know really makes you kind of like twist between a heart is that the bad boom book twist 12 and 20 I think he touched it once more it's taken it all the way to you I got no the name of the yeah yeah the book by Russell in boys rush is a big fat liar another observations by our favorite Al Franken right see there you go I know it and Claudia rush is a big fat lying divisive racist piece of crap who's out of a job on a yes-pambi still making millions because he's on more than 650 radio stations all across the country because there lots and lots and lots and lots of redness and like I said you just like this my sky hates a life poison but he's gonna be tuning into what he says he that's sad that's pathetic in a lie you don't have to tune in to see what he says because everybody's said yesterday apologizes for nothing and he stands by what he said and he must have said something right to get everybody all pissed off and because he don't make mistakes you know he's like Mr. Weaver he don't make mistakes here's my me be chillo hello hey yes sir hi yeah I was calling a couple things I wanted to talk about number one I mean I don't like Ross and I think he's you know but I don't think he's a racist to be honest with you but I don't like his format so I didn't ever listen to him yeah I do believe there's definitely a double standard in the way they covered this you know like for instance we had a couple things in the paper we does keep bakers comments and going back a little further when Isaiah Thomas made the comment about Larry Bird you know being he's getting all the attention because he's a white guy you know people don't seem to be offended by something like that but on the other hand every time that there's any type of black remark made you know right away you know people want them to be fired and I just thought the guy was expressing his opinion like he does on his radio show a lot of times people agree with it a lot of times they don't well let me let me say this to you okay if that really is his opinion then it goes to show it that he's totally unqualified to be on a pregame show on ESPN or any other place because the the facts that he was steady and are so ludicrous the idea that number one don't admit that isn't a good quarterback which is bullcrap number two that the media's desperate to try to prop up a good black quarterback when there were seven starting quarterbacks on some of these games who are black and he and it fell into a woodman starting except they were injured I mean it's just idiotic and I mean so go out to see that's not his role that's not what they put in there for so to go on the national TV and to make a obnoxious inaccurate comment like that they're not gonna get they're not ready to take the phone out from that if it's a fact that he's on the press he was making a reference to that the press wanted him more than the actual look at the case you know is repeating exactly what he said that was his quote your opinion that they would listen to the world the world they all there is every time there's a white challenger there's a big thing to do with the white the great white hope the press has a lot to do with it I believe that the press was looking for his far black quarterback in there's a second loss your year crazy person you know what we're hearing from now but to ditto heads oh well we don't like rush we can't stand a button at least that's repeating just like that one line of you me a minute ago about whatever it held whether it was a direct quote from what he said the other day the press is looking for a great black quarterback and who are these people in the press I wonder do we know who they are this way of any means oh that guy there yeah bill press girl almighty I mean I hear some desperation to try to like defend the indefensible effect is that the guys a big bag of wind he talks crap there was absolutely no truth whatsoever the statement that he made it right there it's like saying hey I'm not qualified to be on here I'm like some kind of a schmuck who talks politics all the time who happens to my football on Sundays like everybody else and that's it I don't have any idea what I'm talking about so I'll make it into some kind of a a wishley device if thing and he said oh well goodbye because like I just said they're not gonna take the heat from that kind of crap which really it goes to show you they're the ones ABC and ESP and they're the ones who blew it because they shouldn't have put them on in the first place which I just got through saying 20 minutes ago because they should know that something like this was gonna happen was there any doubt no it's just a matter of time the fact that it took four weeks is the only miracle in all of this from to blow it all up they know him for what he is and what he always has been and whether he's gigantic and fat or there he is right now in any way diminishing of anybody it's just an opinion and to me being honest is what's called for in such a way so anybody can you know phony it up and offer platitudes and cliches and so forth and that's not me I figured if I'm gonna do this I better be who I am and that's what they wanted and they were vigorously defending it but what happened was that some of my cast members began to be made to feel uncomfortable by the press of others who couldn't believe that they had not responded to what I said so the path of least resistance became for me to to resign right do we believe he resign no no no don't do to rest under his dress so really what that was done with that the other people on the show didn't want to be sitting there with his fat ass with his obnoxious disgusting ass that's what it was down to I mean it got this have a legitimate point in one sense and that is that if you make a racist comment against black people in America you're certainly gonna get a separate standard then if you make a in anti-white statement a statement at somehow us but but we already know that going in that's an established fact and has nothing to do with the fact that this guy's a long long history being a bigoted obnoxious right wing piece of turd okay who should let me say it again shouldn't have been on there in the first place people on their like George belong there right am I right only difference being a George don't know nothing about it but he admits it damn straight eight no 18 to 11 at five 60 W to come here some straight stuff from our good friends at Hallith they always give it the straight poop all I can't say that the 2003 meal Rogers blow out shall is still going on at Hallith Pontiac TMC can't really say it can't even do it no more if the lowest prices in town from time late in the joker it would have had it right now here's special Neil the number one weighton on you save up to seven grand with the highest rebates of the year plus deep discounts at all remaining 2003 models including the you caught in the on-voie excel Neil the number two gets 0% financing prep to five years and listen to this you can least fully loaded two thousand four grand pre-g t for really 250 bucks a month or 36 months with 12 thousand miles a year and 25 hundred bucks out of pocket Tom and Joe and by two to test drive any vehicle on the lot and get two tickets to a today's uh... my mehirk and west Virginia game I guess you better do it right now hurry and cause supplies limited and time is run a new and course house also got a fantastic selection of certified pre-owned cars trucks at SUVs and like I always tell you if you're a little bit nervous shopping for a car or truck because your credits a little on the smart me side maybe you staying out with a girly man here's the deal credit is never a problem in Hallith because they want to get you a deal done they'll do it for you it's the 2003 blow out sale going on right now and Hallith potty xgmc one thirty four o one south sixy highway that's u s one across from the falls open every day seven days away for complete info on these Neil deals call the deal the hotline it's a toll free call one triple eight five three four forty two eleven that's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven no forget all Neil deals subject credit approval see our buddies in Hallith for details and Hallith potty xgmc who be professional great my local here sports video five sixty two a brunch pattern Arnold Schwarzenegger is wife and my good friend Maria Schriver giving her first ever interview together in Arnold okay not all the stories about woman is absolutely and yeah I think that's pretty fair to say I mean many times many days yeah that's true I would have never done it if I wouldn't have had to support with Maria well you know she's a Kennedy woman and they always look the other way yeah I have been bred to look the other way yeah Maria has been the best you know I'm not gonna stand in your way you have to do what you need to do Arnold on the floor and while sexual experiences when we come back okay so let's get back yeah he's got a wrong problem they still gonna win as the next governor of kind of more and another woman are saying hey guess what he was the grab in our ass we got that story a little later this fact that you just send me is really pretty good it says it well says I fact to be for about my feelings toward rush which I know you share he just spews his right wing conservative opinions based on falsehood that the audience of Lemming's follows blindly nevertheless I'm not sure why he was under why Disney is pinwood want him to resign he wears his opinions on his sleeve they knew what they were getting into when they hired him if they truly wanted just a regular uh Joe viewpoint of football they could they brought him in for his follow-with to increase ratings to compete with Fox and FL pre game show he's built the audience for the thing he says case and point his liberal media version comments this past Sunday if he doesn't make these comments ESPN loses the increased audience can you measure what the ratings would have been this Sunday if he were still on train wreck TV that's what the what will he say next why would ESPN not the pinnacle of high bar journalism want that type of attention my wouldn't they it says it would be different of these comments came from a different personality but they were from rush what did the public Disney re-espan expect and that's a good fact because like I just said I blame not him I blame them for hiring him and putting it around the first place it you know what reminds me of what when you know what says it's like QAM hiring Scott for real and putting him on for 8 to 10 huh what a tie in based on the case see I see a perfect parallel there sure they they don't exactly what he does these they know his track record they know the counter radio that he does they encourage him be yourself have a good time do your thing and then every time somebody out there far through all of he can't play far to near he can't say this he can't do that because uh one or two wing nuts out there to God they am audience right away to come down on his head if you put somebody on and you say hey do your thing and we're behind you we're gonna go with you then then you're the only ones you can blame can't blame my him even though I am taking great personal delight in it plus the pill story no and I am because if anybody deserves you are the old thing about what comes around goes around sure that's the case with him and it's so pathetic all these dido heads all these lemmings what is this thing yeah okay you're right how about a nice big cup of shut the f up I think before you say something stupid loved out of it McNamica you've got to be a boy out of ensure lighten up a little bit since yesterday didn't let me know how to go lovely head hard head hard ass in a hard head here's Fort Lauderdale hello here's Fort Lauderdale hello hey yeah how you doing buddy okay pali hey listen um I think you're jealous the rush limba yeah and how do you like those packies and Indians and Chinese up in Toronto there I smell real good asshole just like your asshole and by the way thanks for listening to the number one rated knee around your show that beats rush airbidian book and has for years here's pebble of pine cello hey Neil you're absolutely right on this rush thing but it's more than it's more than just red next it's those red states going back to 2000 a week right right that's how it's talking about just look at the map the ideas and ideals of rush with those followers from those red states that's how my uncle Sydney went to Germany is uncle Sydney and came out of the lamp shade this is process it's disgusting yeah these guys I these guys ideals are you know rush is poison out there and you have to have to know what they were getting into well like I said if they wanted to put them on in the first place they should know that was going to hit the jackpot and other like you know have on their pants and have a great day and say hi to uncle Sydney by the way we need to turn the lights on 567 050 pound 560 on the AT&T see the thing of it is this business all the media was trying to I mean any kind of a moron that would say that and they're just quoting him which all right wingers do by the way it is it's quote whatever is it in the latest pamphlet or latest thing in the paper from their right wing here oh the yeah that's why they come into hands let me say to get down a bit of a man was to three straight pro balls two consecutive NFC championship games he was finally so they NFL MVP worn his first full season as starting quarterback and yet that wow it's the media trying to make them look good because they want to their desperate to try to make a black quarterback look good haha just on the face of it you've got to be a moron to make a statement like that so obviously it was contrived and maybe maybe this is what he thought they wanted him to do who the hell knows you know why else would they put them on there this is there be cash remilts oh no so even though it may sound like I'm defending him which I find like I want to choke on it trying to do that but the fact of the matter is I don't play me and my blame them for putting his ass on or it ludicrous man everyone they were talking about it last year in fact it they were gonna put him on instead of Dennis Miller on ABC remember that yes and then if he decided not of course ABC and the SPN are the same anyway just desperate for another Howard co-cell ain't gonna happen once in a in a in a blue moon maybe once in history comes along got our Howard co-cell don't tell Dave Johnson ever okay here's Dante in focuses you probably were gonna do it already but please read the rush articles over the weekly music I love it okay or yeah when we get to the pill one here's what it says rush them by deserves to be publicly punished but I find totally unfair that he's held accountable for a sports commentary he's a total of domination but once again his spew to be tribulized compared to what he's done in the past he needed to be publicly chastised and humiliated for his political propaganda as it took place in the political arena but America couldn't see the pay does this a good point America couldn't see the pay attention to his venom until it period in the sports entertainment arena just this would have been much better served if he had been taken down on the real world arena that's the American effort away that's a great fact thank you good point excellent they man yeah don't I'm still good guy not even during a ball game on a pre game show on a cable network ESPN which is watched by a few million a god beer guzzling goofballs like Scott 145 votes on this pool with a marlins in the playoffs and after a great season what's your take honest answers please number recent fan nine painioli still don't give a Schmidt about sports 22 I'm just up at on a bad wagon 31 thanks for your refreshing honesty it's a breath of a staleer i don't give a crap about the marlins 32 and I've been a real fan all along 51 35 one percent do we believe that you believe that 35 percent of this audience and because we've done these polls before now where were the real fans then that 35.1 percent of the audience was really marlin fed does anybody with an IQ larger than their scope believe that now it's more than the stadium holds you're right that's right well they did but yet now you're assuming that they think being a real fan means they actually pay for it I'm just means that they watch it for free on TV and it's in sarnia believes you know what is your real fan not that you lend your tanzles to us support let's see here's the one it says facts rush it's got to spell out the letters rush daddy for right wing you Uber S Schmidt Schmidt head right wing Uber Schmidt head it's pretty good or should it be right wing a goober Schmidt head goober are like it are other poll after we get the board with this one later it's going to be someone you think is an asshole but you enjoy their work now maybe rush will make that we'll have to wait to see if anybody nominate him somebody you think is an asshole but you enjoy the work I made a short list of before and then you added one I got dick Clark Richard Dawson Neil Rogers Mohour David and Dilly Bob Thornton was yours right so look at to that eventually as soon as we get tired of the marlin thing as soon as they are quick line I mean we spun you that question here's a lady in Davy hello hi I cannot believe how hypocritical you're being when you talk about commonly the rice like you do yeah I think that's insane you sit there say she's a she's a a token higher she's a swat the the way you talk all the time you think you could have been on that show I have a historical right wing friend and I have no idea why listen to this radio show but let me say it anything why I'm not a lot to listen to you no no I won't but you will obviously make a choice why do you listen hey I was in the car no no we haven't talked about it I think it's extraordinary what you listen to this show you the thing do you think that you could have done I win it you think it's really simple question why do you choose why you come down and take a breath you hysterical crazy person why do you choose to listen to this program I listen to it because I listen to all points of you and my not allowed to do that well first of all the condolese I think isn't just a point of view it's a satire the song was a satire oh but there's truth that you you swore it's a very easily you know I always say you're spoken I use a lot of words because this is a part of the show is a comedy show and you are in the fantasy you use words that just because you know you're you know you're I don't get that if you're if you were a lot but you use words if you said that thing you would be a racist but you're a liberal it would be a way for you to teach more that it's comedy you know what lady you are hysterical take to get to from rush okay a couple of them pills the hop of all we don't stand up because they have a habit of falling out god man oh man that makes me so happy to be a fag if you had any idea shrill hysterical women just forming it them off good god I think they're doing the daisy chain thing is that women I think they're calling each other out they never listen oh I don't know no but no but she listens you know and I even mentioned the condolese thing yesterday and it's a classic example we get pressured like you wouldn't even believe to take that thing off the ear and also that the kiss and a good morning which was a parody based on that book uh nigger which was written by the perfect that co-candidate professor from Harvard who happened to be a black guy rattle Kennedy or whatever else name was wasn't that it yeah but oh no you're being a racist the only is I've been under your hair for almost 30 years at his town the honest those why use these words and what the point is because the more you use the word I've put you the submitted times you the sense of doesn't it doesn't make it a weapon anymore if you hear word over and over again words don't kill anybody okay words don't kill anybody types do that was George words don't kill anybody speaks to and anyway for she is just out of control oh you're being so perfect like if she was starting to get so sure that she was been like break the god damn speakers and everybody's radio just take to it and good pills like rush alone you're some of them oxy-contains and calm down okay it'll make the pain go away which we had some to pop right now make the pain of her hysteria go away you're a narcotic do you have any idea how ever quickly be a kind of loser that I'm not a man I'm a man I'm a man I'm a man I'm a man I'm a man yeah just like that wow yeah that'll be really good or spinning should probably be going to the high spins like a little second or that no that's on the that's on what you call door or Riley show the high in cycle 1057 at five sixty never to cue up all the crazy right wingers all the time and it just came handle it that their hero has been has been trashed and that he's coming down he's coming down won't be in earthquake it'll be rushing the ground that's the sound hitting the ground and he's cheaper by the pound if you're looking to replace that terrible carpeting in your home let me tell you about lemon that's a rust they're the easy low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring lemon it's a rush is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from the top names in a business period or pergo will send out uniform and quick step and all of them in it's a rust flooring is installed by pergo certified installers too here's another piece of money should be calling lemon it's a rust their prices will absolutely they're so low so astonishing so shocking they will absolutely floor you now you can get their false special for just 1495 bucks that's just 1495 dollars gets you up to 295 square feet of beautiful land it would flooring it is positively unreal and laminated thrust will match any legitimate written offer to for a free and home estimate call laminated thrust toll free 1 877 777 733 36 what could be simpler they give you free carpet disposal free furniture moving a 25 year warranty in years and years of beautiful easy care lemon it would flooring call laminated thrust today toll free at 1 877 777 33 36 a all the white folks hate the black folks and the black folks hate the white folks to hate all but the right folks is an oldest established rule about theory national brother to eat oh national brother to eat lean on horn and sheriff park our dancing cheat to cheat get fun to you little jyze people you despise as long as you don't let them in your school all the poor folks hate the rich folks and the rich folks hate the poor folks all in my folks say all your folks it's american as apple pie but you're a national brother who eat a national brother who eat new yorkers love the quest or weekends cause it's very chic step up and shake the hand of someone you can't stand you can tolerate him if you try all the Protestants hate the Catholics and the Catholics hate the Protestants and the Hindus hate the Muslims and everybody hates the Jews all the national brother who eat national brother who eat get national everyone smile ask one another hood week be nice to people who are inferior to you it's only for a week so have no fear be grateful that it doesn't last all year top radio tight and rush limbo formally of ESPN's pregame show is being investigated from allegedly buying thousands of addictive paint colors from a black market drug ring reports as morning's new york TV news in the front page it was a the more rising motor mouth was turned in by a former housekeeper who says she was limbo's pill supplier for four years will not climb 42's limbo was hooked on the potent prescription drugs oxy cotton lorset and hydro cone hydro coat on and went through detox twice there were times when i was worried kind called the national and far worse broke the store in an addition being published today all these pills are enough to kill an elephant never mind a man time couldn't be reached before the combat yesterday but a returny ed show had a mind is a defiant stand behind the story the daily news independently confirmed that limbo is under investigation because attorneys jury functioned Dan Zachary refused to come at on the accusations and said any medical information about him was private and not newsworthy they said limbo who has a top-rated syndicated radio show but resigned early from my weekly sb and football segment of criticism a racial comment about full of egos quarter back down to the neck there was traveling and had no comment that's like his brother was on cn yesterday what else is there? I don't know David limbo's lunch on my boger yeah summer right when who wrote a book that he's peddling but of course he was busy traveling too and didn't know any details so we also had no comment the pombies county state attorneys office which is running the probes that it couldn't control more than I the allegations fine told the inquire where she went to prosecutors but information about limbo and others after four years of drug deals that included plantestin handoffs in a denies parking lot she said she wore a wire during her landstood leverage to the conservative commentator gave the page to authorities she also gave the inquiry ledger documenting how many pills she filmed with botform 4351-47 day period in e-mail she claimed lebao center in one massive limbo push client to get more little blues co-corrosi cotton the powerful narcotic nickname hillbilly herow when she said you know how this stuff works the more you get used to the more it takes but that's what Sarah said too the may 2002 e-mail reads but I will try and cut down to help out the account pipe gave the infirers that she became limbo's drug connection in 1998 nine months after taking a housekeeping job it is pombies mansion it started after her husband David heard himself in a fall and limbo asked how he was he asked me casually is he getting any pain medication I said yes he said surgery and the doctor gave my hydro coat on 750 clients said to my astonishment he said can you spare a couple of them? client has he gave lip-all 10 pills the next day and agreed to give him botchurne man of her husband pulls each month about 30 a month when a doctor stopped renewing the prescription early 1999 limbo allegedly went ballistic his tone was nasty and bullying he said I don't care how or what you do but you'd better better get me some other client said you know that's temporary and toner sure you know the tone that's a good day the housekeeper said she found a new supplier to arrange the hide-lamboss stash is under his mattress so his wife Martha wouldn't find them after several monthslamboss holder he was going to New York for detox and didn't need any more pills fine said but a month later he said his left ear was hurting and asked her for hydro coat on followed by an order for racy cotton limbo 52 suffer from an autoimmune ear disease a condition that left him deaf and had to be corrected with cochlear implant surgery three years ago don't ask me to repeat that okay client said she continued to make deliveries to limbo even after she quit his housekeeper in July 2001 but he became increasingly paranoid even padding her down for recording devices he said in June may maybe he knew Arnold he likes to pad him down in June 2002 limbo told me he was going to New York for detox a second time after he returned I went to talk to him and he cried a little bit she said he told me that if it ever got out he would be she claimed that a lawyer for limbo gave her a pay off any thousand dollars he owed her plus another 120 thousand and asked you to destroy the computer the contained email records soon after client or husband retains show having contacted prosecutors the drugs wrestling was accused of abusing her legal only with the doctors prescription all are habit forming hydro coat on anti-coffegent paying killer similar to morphine side effects include anxiety poor metal performance emotional depends drowsiness mood changes difficulty greeting and itchiness lorsed brand name for the combination talent on a hydro coat on prescribed for moderate to severe pain side effects include dry mouth nausea vomiting decreased appetite the dizziness paired this muscle twitch is sweating and itching and I see cotton potent time release medication for relief of moderate to severe pain on his heel belly heroin because the black market popularity in some rural areas side effects include drowsiness this is sweating muscle twitches and decreased sex drive a large dose can be fatal that's a medium of the well i love the way that to just does it for me i watch a little bit that again last matter fact always good general for all i still say i don't care what that old the desperate for me far told you that that that scene where she's standing there like almost naked from the mirror she looks from the you have good much to do but nothing she's all skinny the mirrors all steamed yeah but he doesn't look good only like mid mid-riff down she looks nasty nobody doesn't that movie and of course uh... you know he takes a shirt off and i want to be a it looks like a walk in the straddles spaghetti not even a pencil lost a little bit of weight for that role i would say you know about thirty minutes two hundred and fifteen votes with a marlins in a playoff after this great season what's you take up in a real fan all along seventy three thirty four percent ha ha ha i don't give a crap about the marlins fifty one and that i'm just jumping on a bad way in fifty there's fifty on his people he used to look at which made about sports twenty eight and i'm a recent fan thirteen out of twenty fifteen votes will get that other pull on there when we feel like it soon one of these days some bad news for our for you uh... oj a students of that whole episode over his first lawyer Robert Kardashian is personal attorney yeah former oj sims and lawyer Robert Kardashian a member of his initial defense team dot of cancer sims and told c.a.n on Wednesday he was fifty nine had cancer of the esophagus d.a.p. says Kardashian doted his home two day another friend said it's shocking when a friend post you passes sims and said i love bobby you have to be shocked when the coal in the wrong got murdered to you huh right for some people may be a lot of shocks for the oj master company when he smells grand to it that got from an episode of the shock wow we had one disagreement over the erbada book he did for money he said he explained it to me i understood we put it aside sims and i did bob was there when i needed a most when i didn't fail like when sims and failed to turn himself into authorities to face murder charges june seventeen ninety four it was cardashi and went before tv cameras and read an emotional letter from his longtime friend it read in part i've had a great life great friends please think of the real oj and not this lost person is what he'd be saying i remember don't you remember that like really a weirdly a weird vagus yeah you know that's right you were there too and in the rich came and said ojina just found uh... his body off to the side of the road oh man i's going rich by the way watch out for the seven horses going to break it the start of the race sims and it's but the night of cardashians home was to report to police headquarters then i stayed to be booked for murderers of his ex-wife Nicole Brown sims and her friend waiter rom goldman instead ojian friend al calling oh man hit the road and a white Ford Bronco leading police in the hours long nationally televised slow speed chase that ended at sims and threatened with homework was taken into custody oh man cardashians stood alongside sims and the rest of his attorneys when the not guilty verdicts were read october thirty ninety five to some observers cardashian appear to have a look of disbelief on his face ha ha ha ha ha ha as if to say oh man and in years later cardashians said he questioned whether sims and was involved in the two stabbing debts when cardashian was headed to sims and defense team there was speculation that it was so he would not be forced to testify against his friend something that would have violated the attorney-clined privilege and it was one other while i'm sure there were many of these stories but one of the stories There is a red said that in latter years they like hated each other like poison because Kardashian wrote a book and which her read the book basically said the OJ done it. Oh man. Is what it was. But OJ says, oh no, I love Bobby and Yadiyada also. It's the world according to OJ, just like the world according to Rush and all the other right wing Dittoheads. That bitch man. I guarantee you, I like the year all the few points. He listens to the show every single day. She's listening right now and before this Rush thing did she ever call and say one word about schfarts or condolese or any of that. Oh no, she was loving it. But now all of a sudden, let's change the focus focus on a hypocrite because I'm talking about first of all anybody who does not understand the satirical value of those bits and a comedy part of the show is really a moron. Okay, a moron. Absolutely right. And she gets it. She does the one again. She's just putting on an act like just pretending because oh you're being so that a hypocrite go and so double stand about. Yeah, right. Maybe right. Just kidding. Yeah, maybe Rush was just joking. He should have gone a little bit like that. Like that. He was funnily. Maybe he would have liked him a little bit. Few shades. And I'll say it again as much as I'd be testing the spies him and the people of Dittoheads who are the lemons who follow his bookrap. It's not him. It's ABC and of course ABC and ESPN, you know who's owns that. Right, sir. Oh man, you Mickey will be on a full with Eisner having a nervous breakdown. Right, sir. I love that word. 12 minutes passed 11 at 5, 60W. The late Frank Wright, the horse trader, is to be on CBS and all those naturally televised big horse races. He always used to talk about that about a comfort times. Remember Frank Wright? No. How about the JV? Oh, Lloyd Wright. What was the great architect? What was he? Robert? Robert? Yeah, that's why I just said. Hey, if you're working in a crappy job and don't have the big books like Frank Lloyd Wright or even like Wayne Wright. How'd you like to have you a new high-paying career before in 2003 comes to a screeching halt? Pick up the photo they had called the people of past, and you've heard me talk about this as many million times. So, put it on your ass and do something about changing your life in a positive way instead of working for peanuts and money and growing about how you don't have two dimes to rub together. Call 86-Fans Train. Where did that expression come from? We don't have two nickels to rub together. Like, can it be like dimes? From me? How about two pennies to rub together? Like, remember? You can have you trained in certified before years in the demand for computer professionals is continuing to grow. There's no better time than right now to say good-bye to your dead end job and your horseball boss and get you a real life at a big fat paycheck. Call fast-trained it and they got sick locations in Florida, including four in South Florida so there's bound to be one nearby you. They offer job placement assistance, convenient day evening weekend schedules, and they offer you financial assistance for people of qualifies well. So call fast-trained today and get out of your dead end and get your life on a real road and a right direction. Call 1-86-Fans Train. Be sure to mention the Todd Dreck. About a way Todd, you got a lot to call I-9. You and the other sales holes. You and Jeff high and Gary A. Sarner. There's a big memo on the front door to control them. Quit calling line 9. It's not for sales holes. You asshole and you're mentioned first Todd Dreck. Call 1-86-Fans Train. Or check them on the web like I started to say before I get emotional. About Todd Dreck was a major asshole. Fast-trained.com. My life in law is for 20-0550. I'm curious so far. The thing you're most pleased about. Not wanting to reduce arsenic and drinking water. Only because I'm not a friendly toward the environment. Biggest mistake made so far. The Tachy-Leaf plant, Tachy-Leaf. It was too take effect. Will there be no? No, we're not going to let it come into effect. Not going to happen. No. I want to spend the people's money. And I will give you one final question. Mr. President, do we know how sick is the heart of the cheating? Well, and we know that he is, at least I know that he's, as they say, I wear she's checked out. Lost cause. Sure. Absolutely. 11 17. And five 60 years of thanks from our number one panic Cleveland. It's probably the only one. The ally couldn't be happy to see Rush being dragged through the mud at Harkinsby back to something you said many years ago. Those who protest allowed us to have the most ahead. Need you are truly good. When are you coming to Northfield Park? Well, the case is waiting for you. He's a case, alright. I'm not feeling it. Number two, Whoops, it says, please don't mention conspiracy theory. Must be coincidental that the overused Rush Limbaugh is suffering with the assistance of a deep throat drug source and his own vitriolic rate of ranting. Looks like the running scared regime doesn't need him no more. The whole scenario looks very eerie. Just a case of Voltares swooping into picked the bones shades of gay Edgar Hoover, get to dark secrets and save him until he's a disaster. Okay, let's get the final result on this poll. Let's smith can it. And get on the important one about someone you think is an asshole, but you enjoy the work. I like that poll. Yep. I mean, I like the other one too because I think it's revealing. 241 votes with a Marlins in a playoff after a great season what's your take. They beat the Giants 9, 5 yes, they need one more or two out there and they did. I think they're ass. I've been a real fan all along 81 32.6% right. I'm just jumping on a bandwagon 61 24.5% okay. Hop aboard. I don't give a crap about the Marlins 60 24.1% hate you lie still don't give it. Schmidt about sports 31 12.5% and I'm a recent fan 15 6% or 248. Okay, let's say get rid of that. I think we get the message there right. We had a lot of honest people. We had the whole bunch that I'm jumping on the bad wagon 61. That wasn't second place even. Which is good, why not not? I mean, it's a soft Florida F and way, why not? Here's a call from Delrey Beach, hello. Oh my, what a long week. Oh my. Hey, I tell you that chick man, she was vibrating and that was something to listen to. Oh my, oh my. She was really hyped up. Yeah, Tom. Whipped up for a frenzy. I find this whole thing so interesting and I was like, yeah, with Rush Limbaugh now, it's like in Vienna, a guy out here basically, I clean pool for a living and I'm just looking for entertainment in my head set. You know, I'm glad, you know, it's interesting me because it's 12 noon. I'm going to switch over and listen to him and see what the hell he's got to say. Because it's interesting. You know, interesting. I do that a lot of times. I think a lot of people are maybe not a lot of people. When you look at what happened to Rush, you know, and this kind of extreme right wing stuff to he's used and I listen to that and I listen to you, you've got your same loot, you know, losers on your side too. You know what I mean? Have I ever said anything positive about the call and audience? What have I ever said that? No, but I'm just saying it's an interesting thing. But you know, I look at it from the center and I see both sides. You know, at the end of the day, I hear some of the stuff that you said. I know that it's, you know, out of control and ridiculous to me. Well, like like what? Well, just for my political view being in the middle, some of the stuff on the left is so extreme, you say some of your anti bush baching is a little heavy. So you mean example? I don't want to be specific and say with what? I don't want to be specific. Then what does it mean? Well, I don't know how to see it. Let me tell you the biggest difference. I don't just make things up out of thin air and then put them on your like their fact. No, I know that your opinion of George Bush is that he's a raging moron and all those that that's right. I don't think that's my opinion. I think that's a well documented fact. And it's Rush Limbaugh's opinion. Well, you said, which is a lot of extreme crap. It's on this to just on a different side of the coin. You mean like the Clintons murdering all those people of Vince Foster and other people? Yeah, but that's the you don't see the difference, huh? It's definitely no. No, I'm getting to the day. I try to put everything together and have my own point of view about it. So, all of a sudden, if I went on the year, if I knew your name and I went on the year tomorrow and I said that you killed your wife and five other people in cold blood, you wouldn't have any problem with that. If I just beat it up. But I don't think that Rush really said that. I mean, when you listen to me, yes, he did say it. Yes, he did say it many times. Yeah, like I said, I don't know. I don't believe that. But he really said it the way that he was going to say it. So again, you call me a liar, so I'm not, I'm not interested in talking to you. I'm not going to waste my time. You were a dido head. You don't believe Rush would say that. See, I know we have people who turn over back and forth. We have radio groupies. We don't have like all loyal lilies out there. We listen to this program and if it's loosely anything else. And it's a free country. Listen to whatever anyone you want. I don't care. I mean, I do care, but it's nothing I can do about it. But why anybody to the length of a till of a hundred were waste any time listening to his crap because it's so predictable and so pondress and so reprepantitious. What's the point? Now like he said, a lot of people will turn over at noon today, just like they did yesterday. I thought he that this morning. Oh, yeah. Well, so maybe that was all contrived. Maybe this was part of the whole game plan. Who the hell knows? I guarantee the pill story wasn't part of the game plan. But I mean, if he can't see the difference between going on here and accusing people of being cold blood and murderers and making up stuff, that whole thing about the the Arkansas business, he was involved in that long with Ms. Fudge and all these other guy damn liars. Just make up a whole bunch of stuff about the Clintons, okay? It's obsessive compulsive. And as far as my talk about this president, the Bush being a dotting moron, that's not an opinion, some matter of fact. Just like it's a matter of fact that there aren't any weapons of mass destruction. Just like it's a fact that Sodom had nothing to do with 9.11. Just like it's a fact that Alkaira had nothing to do with Sodom and still doesn't and won't. I mean, you know, but don't confuse this guy with a fact. I mean, he just, yeah, I'll keep playing in the pools, man. You're in the right line of work. Because he's in the heat. Listen to that radio cesspool. So he's obviously it's right up his alley. Here's Maria from Syracuse, where we're getting the facts is from all over America today. It's amazing. You're looking at this wrong. It only took ESPN one month to get Rajrathia for good. Great job ESPN. And it says, love down a bit of mad. That's gone, Maria. Good point. No, I don't think you ought to be off here. I think anybody's got a right to be on here. They can get a gig on if they can make money. Because that's what it's all about. We're a horror business. And I'm going to only got it. It's going to be on his stuff to tell you that. We're a horror business. We're here to make money. Not here to save the world. I'm a goddamn radio show. But just to make up a bunch of freaking lies. And like we said, the Alkaira can book Rush Limbaugh's a big fat liar. And he documents it all right in there. It books been out for a long time. So this last guy, if he thinks that I'm I'm a liar, and I'm just making these things up, you're entitled that opinion. But maybe do a little read. He has so many read it to you, why you're cleaning the pools. Wait, he got that squeaky going around the bottom of the thing. They have tapes on audio. Yeah. Oh, oh. That would be right up his alley. Here's Port St. Lucy, hello. Hello. Hello. Right. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to say I find Wishes come and you know, Wacial incentive. But the question I wanted to ask you is, no, no, wait a minute. They weren't just racially insensitive. They were wrong. Like most of what he says, they're bull crap. You don't think there's a possibility that it's true. That the media is trying to make a black quarterback look good, but there's all a black star quarterback that are in heaven and lead. No, of course not. OK. I think that there's a possibility that that's true. They based on what? They based on what? Well, I think media has have a gender. The media has had a gender with the New York Times. And I'm sorry. I don't like that. I like you. I don't like you. I would like you to give me one piece of evidence that suggested media has some extra right on behalf of Donovan McNadd or any other black quarterback of the NFL. Yeah. Are you asking what you want to do for? Sir, are you a football fan? All the time football fan. You're a wide big time. Yeah. And you think the Donovan McNadd is not a good quarterback? I think that he is a average quarterback. Yeah. Oh, my. But that wasn't what I wanted to ask you. I wasn't my question. No, thank you. OK. Let's get to the real. OK. The meeting of the question is, if Russia is held accountable for this, why are people like Dusty Baker held accountable for their comments saying that white people can take the heat and black people, black scams? That's worse as far as racially in terms of consensus. In fact, they should have them. They should be. They should be. OK. That's the only thing that I have a problem with. Russia to know historically looking at the latest comments are our dining. See, let me take you against you, although this crowd that we're getting calling in the day, you seem to resist one fact when he said was flagrantly untrue. There was a one shred of evidence that anybody in the media is out to make Donovan McNadd to build him up to make him into a great quarterback because the media has this compa. See, this is part of the same psychosis, the same paranoia about the liberal media. And of course, there is no liberal media anymore. So, same bullcraft that they've been feeding you for years. Read the Eric Altman book. What liberal media? There is no liberal media anymore. You got Foxy and you got the clear channel. You got nothing but right wing lunatics who want to control everything now with the help and assistance of their crony, Michael Powell and all the other right wingers that control the FCC and the guy damn government. You can't you can't have a discussion with people who have a closed mind with people who just believe any crap that somebody says. We like me going on here today and saying, well, I think that the election is going to be fixed next time and it no matter what you vote, it's going to come out in favor of whatever side I want to say is going to do it. By the way, you know what I think? What? The election might be fixed. Well, I mean, if they did the first time, maybe that's a bad example. Twenty seven past eleven at five, sixty your fixed station, WQAM. Five million local businesses, five sixty. Three of those yours now. You way in. She's more annoying than Kathy Leakard. Why someone hired her is downright absurd. She has to be the focus constantly. She's like a kiss rate and pain of it. Her voice goes through me like racers sharp needles. She thinks she's bigger than the freaking Beatles. Pressing her around like some wet giant drag. We should send Ali, went more to I-Rack. She's lost their mind just like that in the case fairer. Like that cartoon from Hanna and Barbarra. I'm also bad for her co-host Jack Ford. She talks his like, man, on my board. Ali, went and worked. This is TV. Not some high school play. The moon's up to her now the cool face. Not I love Lucy or your showroom doll. Oh, and I know you and Kathy Leakard. Why someone hired her is downright absurd. Number thirty one is five sixty. WQAM. Okay, we got the big thing today. We got the big van hit moon to two. It's a big thing. Joe Costello's gonna be there and Miguel will be there to be at the where at the Riviano 3671 Northeastern Highway in Pompeo Beach. Pompeo Beach with our best in ELCDs and Mohour David and Key Chains and some Jimmand and Jimmand. Oh, right. Key Chains left over which we have. And here's the deal. I got five pair of tickets to the Alice Cooper and concert at Pompeo Beach Theatre. Anthitheater and eight pair of tickets to the Panther Lightning game at the Yenthus Center to the first thirteen folks who will make a donation to a band in Paris. It's a great cause even if you hate me like poison which I'm amused. I'm proud to say I'm number one and a pull so far. I'm delighted to see that. Well, no, I'm gonna put myself on here. Don't bother me. Twenty one votes. Someone you think is an asshole but enjoy their work. You're Roger Zayt, did Clark five, Billy Bob Thornton four, which he got into Mohour David at two. See, because there's so many of you think is an asshole but you enjoy their work. See? There might be other people on there that they think is an asshole. Absolutely. But they don't necessarily enjoy their work. So we can add a whole bunch of names to that or not as the case maybe. Or we can continue hearing from Ditto heads until noon when the whole audience will turn over to. Let's do that. Well, let's talk all. Let me just read this again. I mean, for the Humphine Time. Donovan McNabb has been the three straight pro bulls who consecutive NFC championship games was a fun list for NFL MVP award as first full season as a starter in his last boso this last job only says, oh, he's a webbos. The word fair. He's average. Yeah, it's just average. And the media has some secret hidden agenda to liberal media because he's black to make him look like a superstar. Right. Here's Pepper Pine. Hello. How you doing? Okay, sir. Hey, listen, that's all coming very crystal clear to me now. Breathe in rush is so pissed off. The Clinton is black. Clinton was getting a little action in the White House rushes in the closet pops in the hotseek pop and oxy times and can't get it up. So he doesn't get any action for the last three years. Exactly. What a piece of crap. And we're all these little heads coming in from. Right now, come at front in the White Coast. They're coming in from the White Coast. Well, goes around comes around. Man, I love it. I love it. I love it. Keeps Weasement, man. We'll do baby. I'll ride me too. We'll do me too. Yeah, we're squeezing it all those of us out. It's just so refreshing. What a breath of fresh air to see these people squirming and twisted. And listen, they're lame, lame ass defense of this. I mean, to try to turn it around again and say, oh, well, you know, dusty bakers. Of course, it's always been that way. It's not politically correct in America for, you know, to attack black people for time and knock in the crackers, honkies, whatever. There should be equal standard there, but there's not. But at the meantime, he's, and I'll just repeat myself because I'm foaming at the mouth. That's worth repeating. It would be like it would be like if NBC fired Tom Brokaw because he's like out of bad speech impediment. He's so incoherent. Nobody can understand what he's saying. And they put Aussie Osborne on there to do the NBC nightly news. And the very first night, he's out for like 30 seconds and so all of a sudden they call the head hunch was an NBC, oh, can you believe Aussie just said the effort, live right in the middle of the NBC? Yeah. What is the price? Huh? What the fuck is shocked about? They put him on there and he spews a bunch of right wing bull crap racist hate. And there's, there's shot we need to talk to him. I swear. Yeah, get this all straightened up. Look at the bottom of it. X priest sentenced to five to seven years in prison for raping girls in Worcester mass. A former Leo Mnster priest was sentenced yesterday to five to seven years in prison prison for raping two young girls in the early 1980s. It was the second child molestation conviction in prison sentence for Robert E. Kelly 61 of Worcester. Kelly, you hasn't served as a priest since 85 admitted a decade ago to attend to your rap another young girl in the 80s. It was released from prison on those charges in 97. Kelly pleaded guilty last month to six counts of child rape. He admitted to abusing the girls who were between the 80s, oh, between the ages of six and 10. Between 1980 and 86. The abuse happened while Kelly was a priest that saints as serious parish and Leo Mnster and sacred heart-perition gardener according to Worcester District Attorney John Connie. Worcester Superior Court Judge John S. McCan also ordered Kelly to serve 20 years probation following his prison sentence. He was banned from serving as a priest in 85 following allegations of child abuse according to Worcester Roman Catholic Dysies. Our thoughts and prayers are first and foremost with the victims, Bishop Daniel P. Riley said. He also asked for prayers for Kelly and for the Kelly families they watched him go to prison once again. As I see, the voice of the people continue to make every effort is an institution to provide safe environments to children or care that Bishop said anybody believe him now. Now, we're going to wait to pop it looking to good. Well, look, good. They're going to start blowing smoke over there one of these days soon. You watch. Just look up in the sky. Really sad. I miss smallville last night. Here's one of our regular facts. Who says I'll bet dollars to rushes don't utter limbo will eventually use his earmail ailment as an excuse for the pills. Of course, the fact that this doesn't drive with his creed or personal responsibility and his standing is medical marijuana. One of the fact that more rounds will listen to him in the least. You're right, Alan. You're absolutely right. Because he can say anything and all he do is follow him over the edge of the clip. Look, look, look at that. You know, that whole concept of Ditto heads is a so pathetic. It's basically like saying, I don't have a brain in my head. And so whatever you say, man, yeah, whatever you say, I'll just follow the right over the edge of the clip. What's my opinion? Yeah, well, yeah, what's my opinion, Rush? It's like they've got to go to the doctor says hi, hey Doc, how do I feel? Sing thing. Hey Rush, what's my opinion today? What do I think about this? What do I think about Bush? What do I think about that? What do I think about the burning bush? What do I think about that murdering bastard Clinton? Oh, yaddy, yaddy, yaddy. Sad, pathetic. And you wonder why all this way had in California. Well, we got the Arnold story today. And it's not looking that good for Arnold at this point. Well, he's still way ahead. We've got a few days to go to the next election day here in Ontario. I'm going to go out and vote liberal all the way. Can I vote? No, but I would like to. Why don't I have a lot of American vote no matter who the hell you are? Several times. Here's a call from Pompano. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing today? I'm looking at this whole thing about Rush and it just makes me so happy just like the last color to see such a lovely icon fall. Oh, the draft is so hard. Right. He's just a scumbag. And what I don't understand, we've been talking about all day. And I don't, you know, it's like nowadays if you're white, you can't make fun of anybody. Or not just make fun of, but you can't satire, you can't commentize about anybody. If you're a straight white guy, you can talk like a gay guy in front of a gay person. And I'm being... What I would say, you know, being flamboyant and acting kind of like the flamboyant too. Everybody gets all upset and they get their knickers in a twist. Yeah, fling and that's the word you're looking for. Fling. Fling or kiwi? I get the screaming queen behind my table. And I'd serve in a table and he's talking very loud and flamboyant. So I start talking to my table that way. Yeah. And they're all like, calm down. How would I say, you're a chapswitty? What's up, sweetie? That's what I told him. But I told him. That's what I told him. And they were all flabbergasted that I could talk to the guy like that. They said, well, I don't have anything against what you do, but if you're going to be a talk really loud, you know, expect people to make fun of you. Yeah, if they're going to fling like that and hearing call and got him fired apart. And of course, you know, then they're always sliding up and down and breeze pools. I'm going to the other level of you. And I keep listening to your man no matter what you say, whether we believe you look like what you say or not, man. Keep the faith baby. Keep the faith. Keep it easy. Okay. Dido, dido, dido. Hothorothorothorothorothorothoroth. Uncle Leo, do you think that Rush Gulp's down is pills in the same manner that he does a show with one hand tied behind his back? What does that mean? I had no idea. Says, love you and George. I haven't heard the FCC song for years. Just to have it to play. Yes, I do. Two funny things about that. Bit of one song, Spotshees saying, FCC sounds like FCC's instead of, at the very, very endless non-alibus. She says, go away. I am going to play it then. I love it. In fact, here's just a little bit of a preview. This goes all the way back to the I&Z day. Oh, I'm playing this one loud little preview. One of the worst things that is being, I'm leaving the poor by am I. Am I an asshole? And I'll be playing it. I love it. Talk with. What are we going to do? I love to refer by no two. Oh, excuse me, just chills in my groin. Let's see. Let's see. Well, we don't have any other names on here yet. Let's get with it. Let's not spend the whole day on rush. Let's get what the important stuff and head is climbing up on our pole. Someone you think is an asshole, but you enjoy their work. I think there should be a lot of names on your 47 votes. I got 19. I'm way ahead. I'm right. Dick Clark ate. Mohour David at eight. Billy Bob Thornton six Richard Dawson at four. How do the first 47 votes? We just need some stipper competition in that for me, right? No, let's see. So far it's kind of easy. Wolf. We're scoring round five C4. What you weigh in? Tongue. What are we gonna do? I think someone. Y-Yes. We are the exclude. I say drink and wipe this happening to us. We want the empty scene to get our our friends Chocolate there's no place for us now even the judges are all down in the mouth You can't make them but now you will find any words that will part of your time No fun to be Then so at the end of the city no fun to be That's what I think There'll be nothing left or up to enjoy We'll soon be playing with children Or if you're fun to be Then for a body of season No, you're fun to be For a body of season They want us to be clean They think they know what we should feel They try to dictate you what is real Young enough Please listen to us I think you're gonna Please don't put up a fuck No fuck petition The SEC but you know Hell boss where one thing your father can't do is Are myself like thou help him Don't put it up from the shelf that the FBI is being No just how you feel And maybe we'll get the judge as far we feel As the SEC what are you two We too are at the feet of what are you doing To our rating's last line In fact they might die Because of the SEC You want to ban what we can do As the SEC you ban what we can say You give it right to ban the records That the SEC is the... He's our... I ain't talking to you I said you're going Let's stand in fight for what truth And you're another In truth so far so we can tell The SEC what the end of us They are real dozens And so far are on your side We've got nothing to hide Young and girls Get your opinions out And maybe the SEC will take out That's the SEC Give it all in now That's the SEC And I even now don't want those What we're trying to say We are the SEC to play The SEC you'll wear That's the SEC Get all of us back The SEC Let live our lives for real The SEC The SEC Go away Go away That's the SEC I love it 147 at 560 WDQMU or psychotic You're suicidal stay And don't forget they have big meat Out there noon to two today The review Yamaha 3671 North Atlantic Sea Highway And prestigious very geriatric pump and obese Joe Costello's gonna be there McElby did to be the two youngest guys in that town right now Guarantea Noon to two they'll be there And they got all the best of meal stuff And they also have the incentives They're five pair of ticks to see Alice Cooper and Cossens to the pump and obese amphitheater And eight pair of ticks to the Panther Lightning And Sivician's game at the P.P. arena This Saturday to fourth To the first 13 people come by and donate Don't go by for free stuff You have to make a donation to a band of P.P. rescue Because the guys there will tell you Buff on Gula and Joe speaks with Italiano See Film on four Loderdales says I have a 14 Interlection this morning when I heard the rush news It turned a bleak Thursday morning into a beautiful day You're right Bill I'm very curious to hear what he has to say about the situation But I'm not sure he'll be live on the air today Was the keynote speaker at any big convention For a full Philadelphia which we just saw Or he just mentioned as an aside something about the ESPN Matters, he said absolutely nothing about the drugs Is if it didn't even exist in the news today But I don't know if he'd make it back to his studio to be live at noon I'm just so thrilled that that that That pompous racist typical Nazi bastard been exposed as the same type Exact type of individual it continually persecutes P.S. for the poll I'm embarrassed to say it but Michael Jackson Had to good choice Bill Yes it is Huh? People who like Michael Jackson's music but they think he's a pedophile And the asshole and I'm not just a baby jeopardizer Hang in there for a little baby pop They jeopardizer That's right So let's put Michael Jackson under see if he can give me some stiff competition Because how many head of the field biggest asshole even though they enjoyed my work I got 29 votes Moe has got 11 dick Clark 11 so I'm way ahead Billy Bob Thornton nine which you'd Dawson five and Michael Jackson just went up he's got the big Oh so far Here's a call from over town hello Neil got your sir Listen to me for a guy I have 25 years of call by five Now here's the problem I have with this whole situation Go right ahead I'm going to draw you a parallel The friend of mine is the police officer supervisor And he told me he was going to buy his thing Which of course we hate to hear that but he's realistic working a bike thing And in the same day that he arrested his tenth grade math teacher He arrested his tenth grade English teacher And the same bike thing Yeah I have a problem with people that are supposed to be something Then they say they're something And then you know this was the exact way and be a certain way But they're really some way out You can do almost anything you want in the world But you just can't be out there trying to make money Being all with you about it It's just not Nothing to these are the people who say don't do as I do do as I say They talk a good game but they're on lives Are nothing but a bunch of cram I just spent the full morning in a training session to work in the elementary school Business in the elementary school And there's the background screening in there's this and there's that And the bottom line is that everyone's saying teachers, principal, government Even parents is that they need more people involved in the school They need more people involved in children's lives Meanwhile, Russia's involved in people's lives You're involved in people's lives everyone is And to be something that you're not and to profit from If you just need to find another way of making a living Just not right to just let that exist Our children Well Now you're losing me. What does Russia have to do with some example for our children? What does that mean? There are people's parents They're Russian rule-mallow Follow them They listen to him They're going to the corporation They incorporate those things that they think That Russia's into their everyday activities Yeah If they discriminate If they feel this way about the poor If they feel this way about the rich There's a lot of different things that You know, we all influence them I'm influenced to people somebody right now I think that the part that bothers me It's just like you have Bush with a screw-up family What is a drug-addicted daughter All the other and is lying wife It's not going to be a whole year It's just like George W. Just like the president The board again Christian He would never lie to us He's going to bring morality back to the White House In the meantime, all these kids are getting killed over the day For a war based on nothing but big money For a big money for a big hell of a hell of a burden All their guy and friends and big business And they lied to us about the biggest things of all I mean about people's lives You tell And everything That's what it boils down Don't be a guy named Holy Reader But everybody else And like me, I tell you I'm a old-pervert bag That's me, okay? Proud of it They go apology sport I don't harm anybody I don't mess with the little children And that's it But this business of coming on there Well, I'm better It's like this whole board again Christian Think man, it's so vulgar and so violent And don't confuse these people to facts Well, we're just trying to spread the word to save your soul And yeah, save it Save the bullcraft Don't save my soul Save the bullcraft, okay? Because once they save your ass And it's around That's it, that's the need to be eaten And by the way, they didn't hang him in Rome Nobody appeared there He made a cameo there That's our memory Yeah, in Rome And this fact is long-fax from this Fagsoli in North Miami He's the only save of the Fagspake Okay, you're out of control. He's got the hats for Scott Well, if we know Scott ate your type I just got Eric a favor Why? I just got Eric a picture out of the website Of what? Of Scott Yeah Oh, Scott's like human looking Okay, what? You don't think so? He's like a Martian You think Scott is looks like a Martian And then when he takes his glasses off, it's even worse Hmm He's my favorite Martian Of course I don't know any other reason No, I thought he looked almost human Come here for considering what we got into building I wouldn't say you're going to create it on the wall Sorry, I mean, he's only going to have the hats for anything Then move this, got a penis Although we haven't checked that out yet Well, that's the forlory about that Poor for well man, he's really under he's taking a lot of crap That pisses me off Can you believe that? He's doing such a great job for us and everything is coming along See this is the thing, if you aim a thing star Go into well, then they start crumbling at the scenes Then they took an open other shit Yeah Here's a call from coral geobals, hello Keep making excuses That ain't making excuses For you being an ass a lot won't do it no more I'm not making excuses for your behavior, no more Okay, asshole Pippippipit Pippipit Pippipit Oh, I like to listen to all points of view You're a chronic listener honey You got a turn up so long Maybe that's why she was getting them good vibrations Good, galley Miss Molly Molly, she was so hysterical, she sounded like Linda, love-lice and drag. Maybe she's dragging it. We'll play boy TV here, Fitson. Don't say anything, honey. The wild bikes, you know what I'm saying? People say, oh, we're playing here, why? He looks like she's having lunch. I don't think he's a game-by-game. What? Nothing. Would you have those Slurping sounds she's having a Slurpy for lunch? No. The cash question, did I comment on this cartoon the first time that you said it to me? No, no, that's why they keep doing it. Why are you sending me the fourth copy of the cartoon? I don't have the name spell, even like maybe one or two letters right, that belong in the name of the limbo. We put it on the door, stop sending it already. Here you go. Here's a three for our pool. Somebody think is an asshole, but you enjoyed the work James Cameron. George Lucas and Woody Allen. Let's get all of those on it. We need some help on this way. I thought it'd be easy. Did you? Nope. Why not? Plus, you because it's this crowd. This crowd? That one. Let's see. Here's the fact that this is first of all I hate Rush, can't stand him. He's the epitome of an asshole. He represents everything wrong with his country. What he said on the SPN was stupid, ignorant, and I don't agree with it, but I don't think it was racism. I think the because his comments involved race and the fact that races like his comments are stupid and rude, they were labeled as racist. The fact faster and might just be a racist, but I don't think his comments on Sunday were. Racism is on to stand it as a belief that one's race is it all it goes on. That said, I'm really quite ecstatic watching a story as squirm. You got to love it when bad things happen to bad people. And yes, I agree with you, ESPN never should have hired him. Clearly anyone who can recognize me that I've found has no business on a football broadcast. Any wages and how many oxy-cons he showed down his post last night, I would say. I've heard him, man. At least. Oh, here's a good one for the poll. I like this one. This is good. Jerry and Pedyta Springs, who's one of our best fangsies, by the way. That's going, Jerry. I like this is just Russell Crowe for your he's an asshole, but I love his work poll. I think he's a great actor, but apparently he's a dick in real life. The breaking restory is great. I love it. If I got up tomorrow on a headline read Carl Roe was busted in an opium then. He was in there with Robert De Nero on the opium then. It would make my whole week. Right, Jerry. I scones sweetheart. 1156 at 560 Q&D don't forget Joe and Miguel and the Gonsamash Paka. Or don't be saying that that visual call back. This is for 20th place in QAM. This mark, Morgan, is the 12-to-one hour on QATM. Coming next year, the King of Thought, the treasure, your home down, to ring to benefit the cargo class school for wayward boys. It's Michael Jackson. The movie is picky. I've got a very epic accent. Michael Jackson. This is a family style that's done. He's back all right. Michael Jackson. Yes, Michael performs all of the craziest hits from Odie for the Jackson 5. There's a movie, The ABCs. I'm getting down on my knees. We're moving to Denver, A, B, C, sign on me. Baby, you and me. That's right, for the time of tunes of the Jackson 5, the classic solo work, Michael Jackson's been a good two-arons to play. People are so much so we thought you're getting nailed. Some call me days brothers, so much better files. When they know what you do to file, I just sit for a while, and read a feed and feed and saw a kid. I need a half. I need a feed feed. Michael Jackson. Sometimes I'm so depressed that I just sit around so can't wait to pull a call when the call is called in. When I'm home and don't sit naked by the phone, I need a feed and feed it. And be one of the five lucky boys to receive backstage passes to hang out in Michael Jackson's dressing room in Michael Jackson's been a good two-arons. Hey, Michael. Yes, Bobby. It's about your real skin color. It's inside with gout. I know a game that we can play to find out about the atmosphere of life. You know it's time to free Willy. Say, say, what you want, but you know who I am, to the fashion we don't know. How to read, but then so boys give me a reaction. And you're the Rousing finale. As Michael sings the song he wrote for the show another world. Look at the end of a boys' choir. Backing him up. I don't like girls. I like mission rooms. They are the ones who turn me off and hate. I don't dare win. If I chose to leave. I'm not too old in life. But it's true that you make me win this way. We're not just like... And there are other great Michael Jackson classics. Like Billy's James. You know how to tell time. And of course, Bruce Kivinold. You have to be Michael Jackson's tour that's a bit of that the cargo class is cool. For wayward boys, to get your tickets now, boys and are gonna be free when a company buy no one. Back! You're the one who's gonna be free. You're the one who's gonna be free. You're the one who's gonna be free. Well, it's 25. 60 is our gigantic new to one hour. Don't forget Joe and Mark. Joe and Miguel. Whatever the whole their names are. Yeah, they're out together with the RVB Yamaha. We have the whole line of people are here. I don't know. Oh, I don't know. Oh, I don't know. Have you done up there yet? Now, you notice up until now. All the way, it's pretty good. But we had every line on the board just filming it because we were talking about 9 at noon. And the ditto heads have gathered round the radio to hear the great pacificator explain all of this weight. A lot of people are gone. That's okay. Fine. Four-pounder two of them. Good luck to you. I'm also realizing what a tremendous honor this is to be leading this poll by Centralwide margin. Right? Because generally speaking, if you are, if you think somebody's an asshole, no matter how good their work is, you're like, I don't want nothing to do with them, But in this particular case because they're so enamored with their show and I've sest with me and my bizarre sense of humor and sick twisted whatever this show is all about. They came turn it off just like that bitch that called earlier that sounded like she was going to give birth right there when a friend's he to work freaking car. Someone you think is an asshole that you enjoy their work. Neal Rogers 36 to which I say, yeah. Dick Clark 14. That's why voted for. I still enjoy the old pyramid shows you. But he's an idiot. Mohour David at 13 Billy Bob Thorton 11 that was George's vote. Michael Jackson's moving up the ladder fast eight that last bitch would help. Richard Dawson 5 James Cameron 2 how about John Cameron Swazie? Hope he takes a look and but he keeps on ticking just like a foresharitan who keeps on drowning but she's just common. And McGill and Luis are frowning. But she's going down. George Lucas and Woody Allen Russell Croner have any other first 89 votes on our second poll of the day. First poll was about those marlins anybody care. Come on. Let's have a little enthusiasm. Women say Schwarzenegger grobbed and humiliated them. Are you ready for that? I'm ready to have the phones are all lit up again. Don't be a turnover to rush. Okay, he got to say nothing. All he's going to go is look at a turn like that. We'll get to the Schwarzenegger store. But let's take a hundred calls for him. I'm turning man. Here's Latter Day of Lakes. Hello. Pretty good question. I want to change the subject. Please. This thing that's going on now with this CIA elite. Uh-huh. First of all, I want to know what you read on it. And if it's going to be covered up, they do everything else. Sure. And fact on our website today, there's a great story from New York Times. Attorney General is closely linked to the inquiry figures. And in fact, that, you know, because they won't have to stand all while they have, you know, the justice department can handle this investigation. We don't need a special prosecutor. We don't have a committee. Meanwhile, Attorney General, ascroft is connected with Carl Roe, and it's matter of fact, Carl Roe was a pay consultant. The three of Ashcroft campaigns in Missouri twice for governor and for U.S. Senator in the 80s and 90s in associate of Mr. Roe said, I'm going to, so it's like the Fox investigating the chicken coop or however the old saying goes. Oh, my curiosity is just that they're going to be able to sweep the subject. The table like they've got everything else. Yes, they will. And no hatchet's will fall. No, I don't think so. Well, no, that'll find a scapegoat somewhere. So a lesser light, you know, underling. And that'll be it. I'm trying to rational how these things happen. You can't. You can't because the American public is stupid. I mean, if the public really was demanding an investigation here, I mean, this is unbelievable, but the public is sitting back and they're worried about who's going to win a ballgame Sunday. And this becomes more than this page. Right. Okay, sorry, buddy. Look, they don't bother. No, bother at all. Have it great day. Sounds like the press. I got a lot. I can just say this will be the straw that breaks the camel's back and bring the Bush people down. It might be if the Democrats are really vigorously. See, I don't plan to be Republicans in a right wingers. I blame the the limpristine Democrats. That's the reason we want to go rack is because they sat back and they allow the Iraq attack and this media business that goes on with operation Iraqi freedom. And all this glorious bulletin board here, what he soldiers who are at least the ones who are still alive. You know, and then the Democrats were afraid to say, Boo, including John Kerry and including Wesley Clark, you know, a lot of people forget God that Wesley Clark was on CNN there. He was one of the regular talking heads on there for a long time. He was talking head all along. In fact, during Bosnia and Kosovo, remember they kept trying him out. They've all these retired generals and the admirals that they got nothing else to do. Right. Yep. So he was their all the guy at the end time. He had every opportunity in the world to open up a big mouth to be doing. No, and then of course he started to walk them all over the place. That's why I'm so much of a Howard Dean fan because number one, I think he can win a number two. He's not a phony. He doesn't change his opinion every five minutes. Here's the fact that this is the shame Rush couldn't be fired and humiliated much like Al-Kampanis, who I actually believe had no racist bones in his body. And you mentioned yesterday, Dave Halberstam, our good friend is a great guy. Yes, he does. He goes through it over by the heat. Very similar thing. A munch. And I'll say it again. He's a super guy who doesn't have a big of a bone in his body. And here's the thing, got taken out of context and Halberstam got screwed over by the heat and I blame Pat Riley for it. You suck, Pat. Okay. And by the way, nice hairdo. He burrows his dip in he do from Reagan because Rona keeps forgetting about it. Jimmy and the Greek was also fired humiliated. You're absolutely correct, Factor. This asshole, Rush, will skate after a while when he's showing tact because the vast majority of bush leakers are spinning images of him. Bush loafers. As far as an annoying person with great work, I've always been Sean Penn. What a talent, what a shpuck. That's a good one. He is a tremendous actor and he's a real piece of crap. And he's also a great activist, these all still piece of crap. In closing, I heard Dave the cop of your field police calling for all in a morning. Oh, no. I'm the real Dave the cop from the Miami PD. Oh, this is her. I'm Dave the cop. Here's the proof. How about the civilist card? I like Dave the cop a lot better on the pacissist than I'm a phone. Here's another one. I like this is an excellent suggestion. Speaking of Dick Clark from the same movie from Bowling for Colour Blind. You son of a bitch. Charlton, Heston, right? Are they Sean the story? Why? I mentioned him this morning and you, who put me? I did. Better her. Or I guess it was yesterday morning where we were building this and we put it on. Yeah. Well, I wasn't thinking clearly yesterday. It was before my mind was all the cop. I was or cleaned out with the drugs the way it's from Rush. Now, that worked a long way to helping to my brain. I'm having a little in the thoughts switched by the way. So if I gag or choke you, I'll understand I'm not dying yet. Okay. Just so you know, here's a call from Jupiter. Hello. The only, these allegations of drug use is by Rushlin, but crew to be true. But not making a oxymoron. I love it. That was a promo worthy. That may be the best call of the century right there. Oh, that's Eric for the guy at Jupiter. He's out of this world. He's half way to your wayness. Well, let's see, nobody's come close to me on his pool yet. I'm the most talented asshole on the globe so far. Somebody you think is an asshole, but you enjoy their work. Neo Rogers 44. Oh, nobody's been a touch my ass. 112 votes. Stick Clark 16. Mohour David 16. Dolly Bob Thornton 11. Michael Jackson 11. Where'd you Dawson five Russell Crowe have four? Woody Allen three James Cameron. Two George Lucas don't have any. Who's the other one we haven't put on here yet? Oh, a Chuck Heston. He's not under yet. I got one. And who's that Scott? Rick Riley. Oh. I didn't even know you knew Rick Riley. Where do you know him from? TV. TV. TV. I'm not thinking of the same Rick Riley. No, this must be a different Rick Riley. Oops. Which Rick Riley is this? I need help. Obviously, not our former coworker, our former colleague. What are you talking about? Scott. Hello. Yeah, who are you talking about? You turn the mic on to the helps. Oh, I'm sorry. And answer the question at the same time. Yeah. I could speak about 15 words and get through the whole show this way. This is okay. Just keep those long. Right. And possibly go ahead, man. If you weren't going to turn over to Rush yet, Scott's going to make damn sure you do in the next 15. That's all guaranteed there. Now, which Rick or Rire Riley are you talking about? You're not talking about Bill or Rire. That's what I meant. Oh. How did I know? Bill or Rire, you think you enjoy his work? Yeah, but I hate the man. What is it you enjoy about his work? And be careful how you answer because you know you're not making that much money. This is your job at the moment. I like his format. I like what he has to say. And I like what he doesn't have to say. And I like what his people on the show say. Let's say professional athletes, Chris Carter especially, met him through a company I used to work for. Start a conversation about which they produced it. That's actually by the way. Eventually he got really heated and he kicked me out of the room until his business was complete. What a dick he was. Chris Carter. Chris Carter. And around day, Chris and around day. Jimmy and Danny are we putting Chris with it? No. All right. We could have athletes on here. Chris Carter would be okay. He didn't have a spelled right. It's with a H. Chris with a H. Hank Goldberg. Let's get the hump right there. He's not a top liver. Always eating plenty. Howard Stern. Howard will get a lot of votes. What do you think? Yep. And Sean Puff Daddy. Sean Puff Daddy. Comes. P. Diddy. Big ass old genius business man. There he is. Those are all good. Chris Kada. Hank Goldberg. Howard Stern and P. Diddy. Did George like the new outcast CDs. He says, have a gun and get burned me a copy. Oh, that's bad advice for me. A copy. Oh, do it. Drop it by. How cast is great. Yeah, drop him by a copy. I saw a cast. In fact, he likes being one. That's why he's a Q.A.M. That's what the poor for all was bitching about this morning. He feels like an outcast. I said, oh, just wait. It's coming. It can only get worse. Well, that's really terrible. Wait, they're treating our new hero man. We finally got to lead him. We finally got to have some morning numbers. Bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, you know. And Greg is losing. He's flipping his lid. Just calm down and take a deep breath. Take a couple of paces back and look at the examine the situation before he starts getting all carried away and blow up the guy named Gustad Lade the Golden Hall ofile. Okay, Greg, you idiot. Although I've probably not him. It's probably over in corporate again, you know, the beesley's probably some of these shoulder banjo pick. 12 13 at 5 60 WQM. Hey, it's that time of the year again. What air, every betting store and every big, uh, furniture store and town starts advertising their phony ad sales for the fall. Well, don't get sucked in because down on my Christmas, you make sure you understand the way works. What they do is they double the price and then they offer half off. Hey, look at this 50% off. That's no bargain. The fact is these stores can't even compete with down on my Chris, which sells them to you. Each and every day at the lowest prices in the world 365 days a year. For this count prices on dozens of models from Seely, sort of tempered pedic Simmons King Coral or Stearns and Foster bananas. You need to call one eight-headed mattress. The amount of years has been since I've had bananas, Foster. About 30? Not really. But I had the best bananas Foster at a restaurant in the chopper, can't a hotel in Vegas. That's no longer there. The rap city. I had a rap city in my pants. The rap city? Oh, were you? And you have my wedding night. I don't want to. Say that. We had a coupon. No nonsense. No bait and switch. No house brands. No phony promises and best of all. You don't have to pay premium for the best service in the world. When you do business with my close personal buddies at Dalamacres ranked best in the world in customer satisfaction. You make that one call you'll understand why. While 1-800 mattress, they let you pick the day in time at delivery any day, 7 days a week from 8 in the morning till 10 in night, whatever 2 hour window it's convenient for you noon to 2, 1-3, 2-4, etc. And you'll be sleeping like a baby like I do for years now at a mattress from the best in the world Dalamacres. They give you low prices, same day delivery, free setup and rule will lob with you by mattress any place else. Just sit there and make one easy call. 1-800 mattress and that's all you have to do. And open the door and they'll be right there. 1-800-MATTR-ESR-R-R-Line at smakres.com. For Dalamacres, they're easy to smart way to buy you a great new mattress and get a great night's sleep. 1-800-MATTR-ESR-R-Line at smakres. 1-800-MATTR-ESR-R-Line at smakres. 1-800-MATTR-ESR-R-Line at smakres. 1-800-MATTR-ESR-R-Line at smakres. 1-800-MATTR-ESR-R-Line at smakres. 1-800-MATTR-ESR-R-Line at smakres. 1-800-MATTR-ESR-R-R-Line at smakres. 1-800-MATTR-ESR-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R- Back in half time we're gonna run over just morning. We're leaving out by some China Times at 560 WQM by the ribbon-teller's Swiss man's good stuff. And so far Joe is a no show Joe Castello is not there for our parents today between him two he's a no show at Reveal Yamaha but Miguel is there. Oh, he's Joe anyway. Nobody wants another Joe Joe is a no show for our parents today no show Joe I'll be God damn man like I said thought of being his way. It's why he's gonna get He understands you, Ted and he knows what's Anthony was talking about In any language He's probably on his way probably got caught in traffic. You know, he's a slow driver Sean and Hollywood has oh Sean you made my day first of all the biggest asshole in sports and stichop Pete Rose P. Rose will get a lot of votes Phenom or a ball player great hitter should be in a Hall of Fame for his athletic prowess But as a person a real piece of Drek trust me Pete Rose got it got it and what he gets me really said about Sean's poor facts is he's got two great Possible future polls please tell us your future polls. Okay. It's ain't easy Express us in a lot of days. We do two of them What oh nothing I just thought it's something funny what was that they could send you their current poll Most horrifying deaths in movies father carous in the excessist Melting Nazis and Raiders at the lost dark JFK and he's a prudor film and the impaled priest in the oven Are the four he's got for the start that was and then the most University liked person in other words somebody nobody thinks is an asshole Jacques Cousteau that's spelling Sean Fred Rogers and Neil Armstrong I didn't like Fred Rogers Then I don't like Neil Armstrong How do you like that so leave Jacques Cousteau and the world were under one nobody didn't like Jacques I wonder if Sheridan on passions is found the underworld water world You know I'm trying to watch she's here spend a lot of time under the water You're trying to watch passions though I'm trying She's drying so far someone you think is an asshole but enjoy their work Neil Rogers 55 I'm killing a man More Howard David 18 did Clark 16 Billy Bob Thornton 14 Michael Jackson 12 Woody Allen six Richard Dawson five Russell Crowe four James Cameron three Hank over just one under got a Ready for the Humper and so far these other ones including Bill O'Reilly have got the big no but none none yet Scott for your Bill O'Reilly All the ways an asshole you're right about that 5 6705 60 anyway women's they Schwarzenegger grope than humiliated them The Aladdin the Acceligently took place over three decades of campaigned denies the accusations Bitch throw away the LA times and all are from coast to coast now and pillar to post Six women who came into contact with Arnold on movie sets in studio offices and other settings over the last three decades Say he touched them in the sexual manner without their consent in interviews with the LA times three the women described their Surprising discomfort when Schwarzenegger grabbed their breasts a Forks any reach that are her skirt and grip to her butt-ox A fifth woman said Schwarzenegger grope here and try to remove her bathing suit and hotel elevators A sixth woman said Schwarzenegger pulled her out of his lap and asked whether a certain sexual act had ever been performed on her She's a police Doesn't say Quarterly women's accounts want to be in since occurred in the 70s two and the 80s two and the 90s and one in 2000 only three years ago Did he rape me? No said one woman who described an 80 encounter which he said Schwarzenegger texture Brace did you he humiliated me you bet he did you bet your life even crouching what a great For the sit and the course as she will take in graxos advice and duck For the six women told their stories on condition that they not be named three work in Hollywood and said they were worried that if they were identified Their careers would be in jeopardy for speaking out against Schwarzenegger the one time bodybuilding champion and box office Star who's gonna be governor of California if you like his speech yesterday said he's not talking about Running he's talking about Like I can't know that talking about campaign you're talking about being governor and here's what I'm gonna do Yeah, I'll read like one what does that mean means is an arrogant prick and the fixes already in In the four cases in which the women wouldn't let their names be published friends of relative said that the women had told him about the incidents long before his run for governor None of us six women gave their counts the LA times probably any legal action against him Schwarzenegger's campaign spokesman Sean Walsh said the candidate is not engaged in improper conduct or women He said such allegations are part of an escalating political attack on Schwarzenegger is the recall election approaches anybody believe that no now The times didn't learn of any of the six women from his rivals in a recall race and none of the women a person who's paper on her own reporters can contact them in the course of a seven-week examination of his behavior toward a women on and off the movie said Schwarzenegger's attitudes about a woman have been issue on a campaign trail for critics of accused him of being misogynistic based on past statements He's made various publications And response on all said he respects women and many of his comments were made in justice simply meant to be provocative You know, it's not that bit that we play with Oprah Arnold and Maria on with Oprah and the one the one thing that is true in their was Marius's or Opus's my good friend Maria Schriver See from that point forward, you know that whatever else might have been said in the real interview It's just a pup piece to give him free your time because one thing about rich people They like to a hobnob around together no matter what their political views they put that all aside Like the Kennedy's and the Schwarzenegger clan You're disgusting There's rush CNN say they are convinced that the voice is that of Rush Limbaugh Now on the turning up presenting this one I find Say that well We she stands behind her story and a man who answers the telephone after comb said the same thing A spokesman for the Palm Beach County state attorneys office told CNN I can't confirm or deny the investigation Inter-Rush Limbaugh has that good friend Susan candy. I know ever Rush Limbaugh has put out the following statement provided to CNN Oh, I am unaware of any investigation by any authorities involving me No governmental representative has contacted me directly or indirectly It's my assistance is required in the future Little of course cooperate Well, you Well, Susan the question that immediately comes to mind is why it's all fine Kate Rush Limbaugh if indeed it was Rush Limbaugh on her answering machine Well, that remains unclear. Obviously there are a lot of questions to be provided What her motivation may have been a that of course is part of the investigation and is unclear whether She will be charged is unclear whether Rush Limbaugh will be charged. It is not known whether this woman for example there only a few thousand pills I'm sure to be deal right right 5 670 560 how are we doing at the place there at Riviyama? No new report no new report no Joe no no Joe is a no Joe is a no show and a mojo Absolutely Here's a call from beautiful Miami. Hello Okay, Miami's on hold the whole city for waterdale. Hello. Hey, I don't pretty good you noticed when he when he did oh has coal you and you confront them and say well Obviously he's a right wing or an Obviously he talked about the Clinton's killing people. They didn't lie. Oh, no. He didn't you tell me what he said We don't believe that right just like with the six brothers with Arnold they deny right away Stop a couple of things and also like he got on this morning and he was this is Limbaugh I had when he was given the speech to keynote speech at the convention and he goes well nobody ever accused me of being a racist in high school and college And this and that but meanwhile doesn't he support every racist policy known to mankind Like the re-<|it|>ric thing like in a man-to-tory Census and things that Thing is we're you're missing the part of the story where it says you know, he stopped his brought up for water tops and Did you read that part of the story I did I read the whole daily news I'm using Clinton of call of groping how many times you hear to work Kathleen Willey in a year as a Clinton How many times did you hear about this broad from from Arkansas when when when you heard about this the Quinn right here And I know the trooper the whole trooper us the right by the way is totally falsified It was they did it for money and the whole thing was bogus He's doing the same thing he's grabbing broads himself. Yeah, yeah And then the last thing is did the the only thing that you know when you absolutely get the truth Is when you talk yesterday about when they got jet bush on tap and he's talking about his BVS plans and it's filled with making a difference We'll be you know why doesn't make any difference because the common thread is that these people all have this good old-time religion and None of them you can't you can't have those no conspiracy, but they all have this religious Clap in them Born again big it's a rotate pali it's like you're like your bit where they think alike and they walk alike and they talk like will they right? Think of like anyway they don't have to be conspiracy they're like cookie cutter people have a great day pal. Anyway Yeah, he became my increasingly paranoid rush client said even padding her down for recording devices That's what he was talking about padding her down Maybe she had some padding in June 2002 he told me he was gonna be here for detox a second time after I returned I went to talk to him and he cried a little bit He told me that if ever got out he'd be ruined which we say yeah Nice going rush pop a couple for us. Maybe it was over there with Sarah Goldfarb you think? No, she's Jewish Well, that's right probably don't like her. Probably don't like her hood 28 pass no and course you'd have to take off that big point you want to put that one on Anyway Brandy chooses doing a big time in Pompito Beach for over 25 years Nobody can touch them with a stick because they got the best election the best prizes the best people working there Who makes you get a perfect fit on your feet every time and when I say the best brands? We're talking about rock ports echo ma fisto timberland SAS floor shime Clarks all the big names in the shoe business and no matter what your feet are I'm at a what kind of shape they're in whether they're teeny and tiny and small or gigantic like Tom welling and his swelling feet They can fit you men size 6 to 15 women's five to 12 and wits from the very narrow to the very big fat and why and Like I said they give you personal service if Brandy's they want to make sure you get a perfect fit and walk out of their happy camp Every time which is why they've lasted all this time while others have come and gone Brandy shoes you'll find about 12 90 North Petrable Highway Pompito Beach open every day Monday through Saturday 9 to 9 Sundays 10 to 5 and all this week see that cheese how it's a clock on my throat All this week it's a red tank sail at Brandy's take 50% off on all famous brand names shoes with a red tag Come into the store and save like crazy or check out their website brandies shoes.com 16 One moment please What happened more than I was at it just like it's a double the middle spot yeah And and Press some button somewhere there's press Gloves to watch moves and button biking happiness Peace a sense of well being a sense of self worth It comes from the inside out it doesn't come from the outside Never want to see One might you think Fire People're famied for hate. Yo, a freak and circus clown Try to handle things like your friend No bro That's crazy Dr. Phil Stah Here's Arnold, he's a polo-chized He's a police officer He's out around the movie set And if he did things to offend people he apology Yo, I hope that you will give him a chance to prove that Yes, I am I don't know if you should I don't know if they expect To the future of California California 300 This is what this guy's doing We are going to talk about Back to the future of California Everything is a movie title Everything is a, you know, I still have East to Arnold, all this crap Man, well man, I never thought of Mercury Can you get any demo Than it used to be like about an hour ago But it is surprise Yes 300 They're on the phone The phone is simple and dixy For what it's worth and Joe is on his way Joe is on his way He's on his way It's 1234 And he's on his way Yeah Anyway, McGell's there Who do you think is the C.J. anyways that a bad nose Reveille Yamaha On a corner of Dixy Ensemble 3671 North Xehao A Pomp and Beast We got 300 already It's a good start for a band of Poverest youth And let me say again five pair tickets to see Alice Cooper and concert of the Pomp and Beast amphitheater And eight pair tickets to see the Panther Lighting exhibition The Intercenter This Saturday the 4th of October So that's what the Miguel's got waiting for Okay For and again those tickets are for people that don't need to abandon per rescue If you don't don't become a bio I'd like some of those free tickets Because no 560 40 Short Snigger thought he was playful But it was wrong That's what he said He was playful Under his when he stuck his hand Of some bras asked He was just being playful when he was squeezing Or boobies You know it was just a little play As in four Play Here's Delray Hello Oh yes I wanted to serve by saying that it's pretty Sickening that every day a soldier dies And I rack Yeah There's no full provided them by the government contract They're giving them But Rushblum ball has to know if they go on the air And they all just racist crap But he gets out of the army because he had a ward on his ass or something Yeah Yeah But he's got talent on loan from God Right I forgot about that He's also the same person It says take the bone out of your nose And call me back to a black collar When he was a DJ I was in Sacramento Nice No What is that? Is anybody going to justify this at all Does that? Well they obviously are And of course you hear a lot of these Yahoo's these crackers Who I had called early in the show What they're really trying to say is Well you know what Dusty Baker said When black people say something Then nobody wants to pick on him But argument rush now Just because he made an obviously And flammatory racial comment Even though we don't want to admit that it was He's getting it up the ass now So that's what he's appealing to This whole thing Appeals this constituency He's preaching to least choir To his little head The same people that That Bush appeal to In South Carolina when he did the push pulling To say that Oma Kain had a black baby A stage right and all this cry And Rush also says Well all druggies are dragged down on society And they must be deported Well asshole start with yourself You know what? Look in the mirror And if you've heard of a comedian by the name of Bill Hicks As I was about 10 years ago Yeah He had a great quote that said Anybody that is that part of the right Is hiding a deep dark secret That is he went Well said, well said And up the right wing closet Have a right day pal and aner And then I'll come here and I've Sinnicated because Randy Rose just announced She got Sinnicated Yeah Some other Not because my agent is an asshole Is any two questions sir Well you need to fire him Exactly Come on Oh like I said, say goodbye Have a great day I have a great day, you know you rock Five I rock Do you say a rock Something like that Five six seven Five six Pound five six The only AT and TC If Rush would have been busy poppin at Boyle on his ass We can go service country is opposed to like poppin all him Pills Maybe might have done something productive Randy Rose is going to be syndicated in How do I like that? Are you excited? Oh yeah, I'm vibrating Woo! Me too A 30 general is close to the link to wincory figures The guy they depressed guy to call about the half an hour ago Hmm I don't even know if I did put this to random website We should from New York times today By Elizabeth Viewmiller and Eric look plow Huh The political ties between tap white house aides in attorney general John Ashcroft have put him in a way delicate position As the justice department begins a full investigation of other administration officials illegally disclosed the name of an undercover CIA officer Carl Roe President Bush's top political adviser who's possible role in the case's raised questions Was a paid consultant to three of Mr Ashcroft's campaigns in Missouri Fries for governor And for US senator in the 1980s and 90s and associate a Mr Roe set on Wednesday Jack Oliver that Epi finance chairman of Mr Bush's 2004 re-election campaign Was the director of Mr Ashcroft's 94 senate campaign And later work as Mr Ashcroft deputy chief of staff Those connections led to a crash yesterday to assert that Mr Roe's connections To Mr Ashcroft amounted away clear conflict of interest And underbind the integrity of the investigation The discussions have also been pulled into a crash with call for the appointment outside council And they are Absolutely correct Amen On Wednesday the administration worked to ensure that no republicans and congress broke ranks And called for an independent inquiry and it sought to portray the former Diplomatic center of the cases a partisan Democrat as if to somehow excuse their behavior and to Bob Novak's Behavior and all the other crap which jeopardize not only her life and safety But also the life of all her contacts and a lot of people in the CIA A But Like I told that guy they'll speak out of the carpet because the public is sleeping man And it did not involve any sexy juicy sex Even any dry juicy sex And as a result nobody gives a flying crab juicy sex Because the public continues being fed of us a propaganda all-algoerhood But at the internet Little Al Gore He's on the case Big article in the National Post of this morning Gore eyes CBC launch cable company And his quest to set up a new liberal leading broadcast In the United States former US vice president Al Gore and a group of investors Could up and end up buying newsworld international cable company Originally started by the Canadian broadcasting corporate now they CBC 94 According with SARS-CoS to the negotiations Mr. Gore is financial partners Hope to refocus the channel which was sold to USA networks in 2002 of eventi universal As a left-leaning rival to Rupert Murdoch's Fox News Mr. Gore would become the company's fifth owner of the deal goes through Yesterday we're talks said the source adding that they were put on hold in mayor June Because most of the venue universal TV entertainment assets were put up for auction reduced the company's debt Talks may have warmed up now Now the general electric New York based NBC has a deal to buy from the universal's US citizen division for 3.8 billion dollars in cash And 20% stake in new entertainment company better than 40 building US It's going to be considered but until ideal is consummated Not to a consummate there are fear. Here's a facts for more in in focuses Here's a question of some of the subject more important than Rupert Murdoch's Carl Roe did you see the season premiere of small villain Warren and book of you to be listening the answer Oh forgot about a George saw that said it was great Hmm, said it was pretty good. Is that right? If there wasn't sensational but it was okay You can see some on easy view on the WB okay, so just calm down Warren alright How's Warren McElmerie doing? See him lately Wasn't a nice try to let Warren McElmery had George 19 till one is five sixty WBQM has been said that everything you do the big things the small things Even the everyday things can change the world in least some small way The idea that everything you do has the ability to affect somebody else is something that people have for Montana But company truly believe in It's one of the main reasons they put so much attention and love and pride into every bear they make They want you to feel confident that when you set up a bomb teddy bear You're sending gift that will bring some love and fun to somebody's day and be cherished for a lifetime 1 800 829 bear that's all you have to do is as easy as that to order one or visit For Montana bird calm on the wicked web Send it for Montana bird to surprise somebody on their birthday Welcome a new baby or make somebody who's out of the weather feel a whole lot better Whatever the reason a vacation for Montana bears are a fun creative way to make a difference in somebody's day Call toll free 1 800 829 bear that's B-E-A-R or shop on online to Vermont When you call for sure and tell my cranky crusty old deal for did you call 1 800 829 B-E-A-R My life and love this is for sure you'll find sixy What a new way yeah The drug connection tell us, Marie what did you do first? Well first he made me swallow 60 condoms filled with cocaine But then hi yeah you took me to the airport and said we're on a fun field vacation in New York I saw six broad with shows after I got over the laccities and prunes used a car share the fun and excitement of international drug trafficking tonight on the drug connection 255 at five 60 take a look boys at that phone see I was like not a setup on the cloud because I looked at it Yeah, I'll let it oh heads have gone where they belong you called it there's a rush on vacation today Is he I thought he was the one who said that he was talking is going to be a keynote speaker at the saw whatever it is you don't understand He was at the NAB convention saw the head clips will be forward to point out the man he's on set in 50 stations He could do that show from any studio in any major market or media market in the country So I don't know what you're talking about. I don't think he's on any vacation and he's probably on right now Why do we find out somebody will know let me go turn the radio on? No, you have to do that somebody will call in oh, yeah, he's on right now and he only said all the right things and you're full of crap And the version you looked at nothing other than that Yeah, yeah Here's Mike and real Palm Beach who says I saw small village that the stir right is must have been on drugs. Maybe they got him from rush When they wrote this one a lot of weirds mid maybe was because the rucker Howard wasn't it was he in it? Yes. Oh That never told me that I love rucker. I didn't know you like for a rucker. Let's go. He's fat no, though I've talked about him all the time. Why did you talk about the hit your foods right? But I thought WB channel and Palm Beach doesn't show smallville Wednesday I don't know when they show it so I can catch it on satellite I heard Stan major on the light bulb. The other day would norm on he said on the ear that you had a foresale son on your house What an asshole he is and as my perfect idea. I don't even know if it's still there. I did have a foresale because I was going to sell it and buy different What does that have to do with anything? P.S. You'll ever see your two grand you're right. P.S. Well Q.M. S.G.L. Ever get better even in Broward and Signal Sucks. Nancy your question Mike is no. Stan major must have been drive over to my house to see if I could borrow one of my corvets. The answer is still no. Stan you backstabbing piece of crap. Now here's the facts a long facts. Wow. It's one thing for people to call up question whether Russia's McNad comments were racist It's all together another thing to be oblivious to how stupid they were. Perhaps 25 years ago when Black Quote about S.G.L. Williams were first going to make the win the NFL It would have been true that the press won't have been by. I said all this yesterday. Then I'd talk about Doug Williams? I don't remember. Yes. The underlying truth is of course that like most right wingers Russia's made a fat career out of the racial paranoia of whites But that's a good way to put it. Such imaginary race-based explanations are just natural for somebody like him. He's the photo-negative of one of the people he despises most the odious Jesse Jackson. Both are aligned, deceptive scamsters who play the racial fears of the respective audiences. But at least in the case of Jackson you might understand how he got twisted in such a character growing up out of the Jim Crow laws in the South. Seeing Martin Luther King assassinated in front of him etc. Please note I'm not excusing Jesse just offering a possible explanation for him. Martian is a little commuter and are just demagogues getting rich on these stupidity American people and you're very... I'm sorry, I'm right on it. Best facts ever. Right. Pop head Saul Fus, I got Norm Ken. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Latterdale. Hello. Oh, no. Yes. He's got some fellow Nazi but anyone Tom Sullivan sitting in front of today. Oh, so he is on vacation. Well, I don't know if it was a planned vacation or it's a... Oh, yeah. Oh, wouldn't that be great. Yeah. But yeah, he was in Chile this morning and I don't know what he's doing now but he's not in here. Oh, he's probably on his way to get the refreshes supply. I think they're going to do his belly. I like that. So Rush is not okay. It's safe everybody can come back now. Rush ain't on today. He's busy popping a few. What? What? We should blow a horn or something. The old blow something. I'll work on it. Somebody you think is an asshole but you enjoy their work is and we were starting to build a good list here and then all of a sudden you just peed it out. 199 votes. I think it's a good poll. Think about it. I'm leading nobody's going to touch me. I'll say one, I'm two. The old Roger 73. Mohower David at 19, Michael Jackson 18, Dick Park 16, like Dick. Billy Bob Thornton 15, Russell Crow 13, Woody Allen 11, the Humper Hank Goldberg is about 70's making a little move. Richie Dawson 6, Howard Stern 6, Bill O'Reilly 4, James Cameron 4, Chuck Heston 4, Rick Rally 2, Chris Carter 1, no votes for Pete Rose who George Lucas yet, no votes for Pete Rose, Holy Toledo, 460. We got for our 60 bucks over there. Ruby Yamaha's Joe Castell is there yet? Yes. Well nice gone Joe, better late than never you little grease ball. What kind of crap is that? Got a two hour appearance and he shows up an hour into it almost 50 minutes into it. But that's okay. You'll get paid. It's a good pay to pull him out right? I don't think he gets paid at all. This isn't a paid appearance. I don't know how come we're doing it. I don't know how to do it. It's got to be some kind of a commercial little sweetheart deal. You know how works. We got to be smearing somebody. Horst Scott Perrell in case you missed the nose. They're coming all over Scott's ass man. He's not too happy about it. I think a part of it. I guess that wasn't a good way to put it. Well, you know what I mean. And I say they're coming down on his own. Oh, and that's okay. And boy, he is really getting rubbed your wrong way. Not happy. You put him on here just like I said with the SPN, they put this fat tub of right wing and this is divisive crap on here like they expected to say something unifying, something positive, something pleasant, something significant. You don't put a politician on it. He'll be talking about football. That's what it boils down to. See, this is the new deal. They did it with Dennis Miller. That was a bomb. Now we're going to put this guy on there who tried to do it last year and they said, we don't think so. We don't want the controversy. They put him on there this year and sure it up. It blew up in their face. And of course, let me remind you of one thing about the National Football League. And those pre-game shows. Yeah. Who do you think a lot of the people are who watched the NFL and it's associated pre-game shows of color? What color do you think their skin is? A little on a dark side, correct? Yeah, so they're probably not too happy about it. In addition, which said any real football fan would have been happy about it because they didn't know that it was totally erroneous comment that was just made to be divisive and sensationalistic and get everybody whipped up and were friends. I was going to rush to succeed in. Even when at the Billy Joe Osolive and whatever his name is, they still turned over there. A lot of NIOD. Well, screw you people, okay? Whatever status I, what is he on? INZ? NIOD. INZ is the INZ resting piece. I'm so sorry I said that Fox Sports would have 0.0. Here's a call from Naples, hello. Can't hear you, man. Your phone's crap it on. I think you said Robert Downey Jr. Is what? Oh, if you're listening. Okay, that's a good one. I like that. Well, that one. Robert Downey Jr. Very good. I can't wait to hear it because this phone was really weak. Boys and Naples, what do you want to be? Please, please, probably didn't pay the bill. The measly beesley's man. You can see that to just start an apanic nod or I'll crawl around to that tree. Each one, the passing around a banjo pick. Boy, what a sad, sad situation. You know what to start to remind me of? What? It's like those golden salad days that I would do. When Rick and Sots were doing the mornings, I was midday, Phil, hungry, the afternoon, Randy and I, we had a, we were kicking ass man. We had one of the great lineups in broadcast history. All day long. All day freaking long. And they didn't know whether to eat or suck the banana. And as a result, they had one of some of them because they were, well, I want to go through the whole history, but they just blew it. And then they dropped in a couple of, oh, and then they put in one or two of those. And then maybe a little line and one or two farts because now for well can't play. Yeah. That, to me, is the most childish, the most embarrassing, the most humiliating and degrading thing. The fact they took Sots gas away from me. That's unbelievable. Is that a ston- I'm, I'm, I'm, I can't believe it. I'm didn't disbelieve. He can't play his farts. And he can't mention that he pooped in his pants. He can't stand. He can't stand. And I think whoever said that, he can't really can't even do it. He can't say it. Whoever said that. Whoever made these dictates of QAIM is full of. Right. He told you who. A great read. Like I said, he's in the, Yeah. And they cornered him. They were the triple team. They teamed up on the incredible whole bunch of witnesses while the rest of the station was watching. No, let's, which is really bad. And just browbeat this poor guy. Who's a great talent who's a tremendous lead in, who's a supportive of this show. And even Mosho and everybody else on a radio station. He's just exactly what the doctor ordered. But no. They don't hit that rejoin or sleeper. Because you know what Hank Goldberg says. Hi Neil. Hi Hank. Did you see Russia's speech at the NAB? I saw like about 10 seconds of it. Oh, I guess he, he was asked about the drug case. And he said that he doesn't know anything about any investigation. But he will cooperate when he's asked. Oh yeah. I saw the clip. And but he didn't deny it though. He didn't deny popping those eight million pills and about the feeling he's rougher. And he wires on our body, etc. Maybe that's what Arnold was doing out there in California. He was feeling all those broads up to see if they were, if they were wired. Yeah, that could be. Yeah, that might be. He looks like he's wired. You know, you don't know where he walks. He doesn't, I was watching the newscast last night. And he walked into a building with a bunch of people. And I swear to you, they were goose stepping. Hmm. You can hear that. That's exactly what he's saying. He was collecting. Hairman Schwarzenegger. Of course, the fact that his father was a Nazi Austria, we've pushed over looked at that too. You know, we all have skeletons somewhere. Yeah, in our class of like rush with all of my bottles of pills. Couldn't have it a little bored as ever guy. Now, what do you think about poor Ferrell away that they're browbeaten him now? I don't know what happened with. I just walked in here. I was listening to him this morning and sounds like he's going through the usual. Yeah, Georgia will tell you, Georgia will fit you in on the blanks. Okay. That's the usual O'Journe provocateurs, you know. The other thing rush said was that he didn't say anything at all. This is really insane. But this is what he does with his radio shows and everything else he does. He makes crap up. Spins crap, you know. Right. And what he said was he didn't say anything about McNabb. He was talking about the media. You're all right. Sure. Sure. I can tell you this. His resignation was forced. Oh, I don't pass it about. Absolutely. Yep. Just kind of like a dumb shula. I'm sorry. But at any rate. Well, say, first of all, listen, you know, I mean, I'm a football fan to a point. I like you are because it's your livelihood. I don't think it's a great way to handle that. That's exactly what happened. Anybody who would say that Donovan McNabb is overrated in the media. Have this desire to prop him up. Like I said, any article in the Daily in whatever paper was this morning. Seven starting quarterbacks Sunday were black. Two others were injured or they would have been nine. And the media got this kind of it's an issue that died 10 years ago. Right. Exactly. Like right. Shoot him. I'll tell you what happened by the way. A little bit of insight. Okay. Okay. The first week he was on the first show. He talked about the failed affirmative action policy and the NFL for coaches. And then he did a little thing about that. And they told him after that that they want him to spark controversy. But they want him to stay away from the politics. Yeah. Okay. So what does he come back and do three weeks later exactly what they told him not to do? Yeah. Well, it was a bad mistake. Like I said before, it would be like if NBC fired Tom Broke on put Azzias born on the Do the nightly news. And when the first 30 seconds he said, got the F bomb about six times. And they got all done out of shape and act like they were surprised. You know, they got exactly what they should have known. They were going to get in its tourists. Yep. Good here, Brian. Now what are you doing in there? You're not working today. I'm working on a project for somebody that requires some research. So I'm in your work. Some research. Hey, listen, don't overdo it, man. I want to talk. Don't worry about that. I like your schedule this week. You're starting to make me jealous. I don't have a schedule. Exactly. That's what I'm talking about. Take care of talking. Back Tuesday. And you'll see you then. More pay and less work. That's the QMF in way. Hey, let me tell you with a one who told me a year ago. Okay. You said, just ride this gravy train and don't worry about anything. Did you not tell me that? Absolutely. Thank you. You bet. And I'm congratulating you. You're doing a hell of a job in a mad dog too. He works about two days a month. Not a bad deal all the time. Now I'll take it. Anyway, we're like about five minutes behind. One o'clock at five, 60 WQM. If you're looking for a really good place to eat. Vickiners. They were around in Rochester from 1934. Even as old Rochesterans. I'm not quite that old. But at any rate, love vickiners and a watt Rochester white hats and all the good stuff with that special hot sauce on them. Another good news for is that vickiners not just in Rochester, but they're on federal highway just south of Bradbury by the tunnel on an east side and four louderdale. Vickiners is like a flashback in time. What great stuff used to be before fast food junk. Go and enjoy a burger or a hot dog, sir. Hot fresh fresh and fast. Vickiners is being brought to buy the same folks who feed you cheaper. Grachie burger. They use the same fresh 100% ground truck meat as cheaper. Grachie burger. And off we went incredible. Quote upon hot dog. What makes vickiners different for anybody else is that like I said, the burgers and dogs are served with a vick signature meat sauce poured on top, giving you a combination of flavors that will do a tap dance in your post. And if you want to try something else really good, they've got lots of good dishes on a menu, including great breakfast menu. I'm let's cook the order. French toast, pancakes, all your favorites. So go buy vickiners and you'll understand what Rochesterans have been excited about for a coupons age. Vickiners are on federal highway just south of the Bradbury Boulevard on the tunnel on the east side. Be sure and tell them that old Rochesterian Neo Rogers from Brighton, New York, since you buy to vick and herbs. But it's the one to two hour. I always pinch it out a lot. The other night I went there and said the whole night, but got so white. I put on a fashion event before I realized I get a painting cake. And we might die. I got a diaper ring. I got a rag. From all them scenes to say, I don't like it. I don't like it because it's fast. I got a diaper ring. I think they're just with the counter for nothing to see. I get so big and love it so this kind of piece. I put my finger up there when my fingers are clogged. From all that paprika it was super a sun. I got a diaper ring. I got a diaper ring. That's why I wear a baggy bag. I get the room for both of them. I got a diaper ring. My mason, but when I was with friends, you can hear the crud. I got a rag by my home. I got a little warm mind. I got a flat for my school. I got my mason, but my parents are in your own prison. I got these home-made bravo, so we gave you a jump. Here about, just put a rug up there and you're gonna get four white pants. Oh, how dare you touch my whole device? I got a gift in it. The pants was rubbing just my whole coat loop. There was no really much room, thing I couldn't know. I isn't as busy as my poor. And I know for this took as his team. I get that diaper ring. And I'll take the diaper. The broken egg will flood away now. And it's never undead. My can still be in freedom. I'm like so much like so many. Oh, shit. 106 at 560 WQM don't forget Joe and Joe and Miguel. And yes, and we've got Yamaha have raised 700 dollars. All right. And it is pro bono for Joe. He's still sitting there on time because he was the work of his. He what? He used to work there so he used to work at Riviama. Well, listen, don't put your night job. Ha ha ha. Anyway, 3671 North Xe Highway Pompon Beach that's Vixie and Sample. For those of you who need to compass in a road map, how much again? 701? 701. 701. But that's a good first hour. Now if we can do that again in the second hour, we could do like a 14. 15 and we're bucks today for Ben and Perres. It's about time. Get weathered folks. Okay. Spring was with a little cash. Right. For those poor little dogs and cats and Perrets and Perrequites and Caca to, let's get with it. 560, 50560. So you heard it right from the horse's mouth from the hump or an issue. No, because he's got the inside track. That's hard and that expression of the SPN. Make no mistake about it because he happens to work there. And so like I told you to begin to show, there was no resignation. They asked for his resignation. They said, how about a way you're fired, but if you want to make it look like you could. We'll do whatever you want. Just like what happens all the time. Would have been too embarrassing, especially after only four weeks to say, you're fired. Did it, you know, that would have been bad. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. With all these skeletons flying out of the closet, maybe Russia's celebrating how we nearly this year. And maybe he's heads been on Perrell's, you know, you're having such a problem with Mmo and Greg and your agent. Maybe Russia was hedging in on their fill supplier, something. Okay, great. Excellent. I'll be putting on your thinking camp and we'll all sit down and like put our hand to our forehead and try to figure out what he was talking about. Give any idea. Neil Rogers 83. I'm an asshole man. I might have to play Dennis Lurrie before the end of the show today. Even though this is a little go out for tomorrow. Because I don't think anybody's going to even come close. No. No. Nobody has even in my league man. But that's for one a half minutes. I could just play. That's all. Just play that. Anyway, I got 84 votes. Some of you think is an asshole, but you enjoy their work. I'm pleased as punch or speaking of assholes. There's Bob Novak. Mohour David at 22. He's tied with Michael Jackson. I see a lot of similarities there. That's a lot of similarities. 22. A piece. What do you know, 18? Russell Crow 18. Dick Clark 17 for Dick. Billy Bob Thornton. That was your choice 15. Hank Old Brig 11 for the Humper. Chuck Heston 10. Howard Spurham is god nine. Richard Dawson only six. I don't understand that. I guess it doesn't like his work. It's a time thing again. Right. You have to be an old far like me and Vokor Brian to enjoy the original family feud. And also. What's your call? Hogan's heroes. Hogan's heroes. And what about with Jean Raeber? Mash game. Okay. When his right go got a little bit through all of it. Rick Riley five. Cameron five. Petty roses got three. Chris. God is God one. George Lucas one. Robert Downey. Jr. don't have any. None. Which means there are probably a lot of people out there thinking he's an asshole, but they don't enjoy his work yet. At least not enough to vote for him. Out of 252 votes. We're getting there. Seven or a bunch of the first hour. That's pretty damn good. It would be on the hot air pump. It'll be each other quarter. Dick's the Ensample Road. Let's get with it. Let's go. Let's get this fundraiser on the. Well, now it's October. We're going to see. So let me because ordinarily, or we do October November December, right? Right. And even though of course it is the Jew holidays. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Hi, now. Yes sir. Speaking of right wingers. Yes. Last night Phil Henry made the statement that I racked. Are you sure? Had been training and funding terrorist. You know, even the Bush administration has had to admit that there was no evidence of that. Isn't that amazing how some of these people had this coincidental conversion these last few months? He's just like going off the deep end. Yeah. And I just make it. Watch statements. You know, Iraq was a threat to this country. But he was serious when he was saying this because with the film, you really have to. No, no, no. This was serious. That's still wasn't. It wasn't a bit. Sure. It was when he was serious. And just unreal. You know, it's. It was. The thing, you know, with this right wing. Talk radio. I mean, it's it's bad for the country because, you know, there's no other view. Right. And even though Gorn now is talking about. Getting a whole of news world from CBC and making it into a. A slighted left. See, as far as I'm concerned, all the TV news shouldn't be left or right. It should be like honest. Tell us what's really going on like CBC and I know that's a revolutionary concept. But as far as talk radio, which is based on people's opinions, you're right. You know, they've been talking for over a year now. All we're going to have this this liberal talk network. And I told you was never going to happen. And I probably won't. I don't think it's going to happen. Well, you know, everything that the Bush administration made though about this war. Every claim. I mean, I was lying. I went on buzz flash. I'd go on the same day and they issued the thing down. Right. But you never saw it in the, you know, major media or on talk radio or anything. So, like I say, it's, it's become a real danger to the country. You know, it's you're right. It's censorship. We get that past where I'll man. I'll see it the border. Okay. Okay. Good luck. Five six seven. Five six the pound five sixty. I'll be the one the fat one rolling across Niagara Falls in a barrel. I'll extend the hand of friendship across the border. It's election day and Ontario today. We're going to say goodbye to the conservatives, which quite frankly, I know for a little about Canadian politics. It's, you know, it's also screwed up and there's a lot of losers, like early eaves. But how the conservatives ever got a hold of Ontario of this province? I don't know. Because Toronto's got the overwhelming majority of the population in the province. And Toronto is so liberal. It's almost scary even to me, you know, progressive. Yeah. It's a good word, progressive. But what a say liberal. That's bad. Although even column liberals, the party that liberals in the Tories and the NDP. The new Democratic party, which is a bunch of conservatives, also can't figure them out. But they're saying goodbye to early eaves today. He's like about 20 points behind him to pull his bye-bye or near a loser. And it's going to be placed in Darren McGinney's got a personality like a food fly. He doesn't have one. Here's the fact that says, Mr. Limba, meet your new neighbor. Ha ha ha ha. I love it, meet your new neighbor. Mrs. Goldfar, hey, Sarah. Come on, Sarah. Let's do a little dance for rush. There we go. All the dittoheads call him in with their whole eye. Don't like rush, but act as so lame. It says, you people are pathetic. Rush could have been a huge steaming polycrap from his rectum. And if he told you, ha ha ha ha. This is the best facts of all time. That's continue. Rush could have been a huge steaming polycrap from his rectum. And if he told you, was cotton candy, you would lick it clean. Oh, you are. Absolutely correct. Newsflags from the obesity and broadcasting network all dittoheads. Rush just announced that all good conservative Americans must have charged a 45 caliber bullet to their skull immediately. It's the conservative thing to do. Ha ha ha ha. If you don't, you're just a stinking American, Hey, American, hating liberal. Ha ha. I'm saving this facts. Ha ha. It's great. I love it. He could have made a huge steaming polyprap. It probably would be picking out proceeds, but for like pills, you know. If you have to have like an carpet business, they call them remnants. Oh, look at that. That looks like an oxy moron pill over there. Oh, undezoned chunks. Grab it. Yeah, if we only swallow that now, we can be just as smart as Rush. Huh? 114, if I, reminds me of this, this, Pick up truck driving guy. I've heard of that story. The mobile station nearby to 595 and the knob hill or wherever. Yeah, let me go. Let me go. It's a few years ago when I was at the misfortune of being there all the time. And I pulled in one day and it's like, I don't know, like 240, 230. And the guys, you know, he's outside. He's filling the gap. He's got the radio. I, oh, I'm sorry. Neil, I'm listening to Rush. Hmm. Even as Doberman looking barest back in the, uh, back in a pickup in the cab. Hey, if you're underpaid, no reward. If you didn't pay check, isn't even enough to talk about it. Here's an answer for. I've been talking about these people until I'm blue and the piss. But you got to do something about it. You got to at least make the call. There's no obligation to folks at fast train. I'll tell you just how they can change your life for the better and get you a big fat paycheck and make you like a real man, like a person. Fast train offers you job placement assistance. Convenient, uh, the evening weekend schedules. And with six locations all over the state, including four in sample, there's likely to be a fast train, great convenient to wear your load. There's no end of the man for computer professionals. So get yourself a great computer career. Thanks to the training you'll get at fast train column today. And say goodbye to your dead end job and at asshole boss you're working for. And they measly, easily paycheck. You're probably getting like Scott who don't have two pennies to buy together. Call tool free. One. Eight six six fast train. That's one. Eight six six fast train. No excuses. No malls. So like to call today. Check along with the web first at fast train. Come in and call. Be sure mentioned Todd Drex name that will really interior you to them. Call one. Eight six six fast train. We're sports radio five six. You a m. I learned with my learned with it. I'm giving another beer. All right. It's an asshole celebration and they're all out on the street. See them on the sidewalk. Oh, hear them shut for the feet. That's 20,000 assholes doing assholes from the neighborhood. Oh, step aside. Good people. That's the asshole's on parade. You got the asshole freedom. Yeah, asshole's the man. You asshole for Jesus. Yeah, asshole for guns. Yeah, asshole for justice. Yeah, asshole for guns. asshole for asshole. Yeah, asshole for all time. If I could see when the movie was the movie was the movie. We got assholes making money. But making all the rules. Taking all our jobs. We're doing a five school. As though some water, as though some sky And the sun is still burning And the assholes leave them to my eyes And the super-weighted, super-weighted, super-weighted Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, teach you what to tell me And I really made the grade And I hit my glass And I just another ass So long to pray for my son As though some sky And I just another assholes And I just another assholes And I just another assholes And I just another assholes And I just another barrel And I just another assholes And I just another assholes And I just another assholes And I just another assholes This is the best I've ever had. It's just a side of good people, it's a half of those off the road. What's funny, it's so funny. I haven't even given a chance to laugh for a day. We had so much heavy new stuff. For that dog, it's two to four. Poor mad dog, got to work today. Oh, right. It could be okay. No Humper though, Humper's in there doing some event. Do you feel them in there all the stuff? Oh yeah. 4 to 5 though, you'll hear the Humper's voice with the Dave Wands Day show 4 to 5 briefly. It's not 4 for today. And then you got the 5 o'clock. It's her Koan's game day because 730 is the her Koan's in the West Virginia Mountain Ears. Everybody whipped them about that game. Oh, and I don't know what's on after all, until 1130. So that's enough. How we doing out there at the Viva Yamaha, thanks again at Joe Costeller for probably helped set that up because he used to work there and for helping us out. As opposed to ripping them and asked for being nearly an hour late. Yeah. And we got 701. I don't know. No new report. Okay. So it must be lined up out there for us. I was not taking a piece. So, you know, they could have called. He made it in trying to call desperately. A high school student has the right to wear a t-shirt to school with a face of president Bush in the woods, international terrorist on the front of federal judges ruled. There is no evidence that the t-shirt created any disturbance or disruption. U.S. district judge, Pack from Z. Duggan said in a really released yesterday by the ACLU of Michigan, which said, as soon as the Dearborn school district on behalf of Breton Barber. An assistant principal at Ordard Barber to provide a concealing anti-bush message message or go home, Dearborn high said a word about inflating passions of the suburban Detroit school where a majority of the students are Arab-American. But the judge said, the record doesn't reveal any basis for the assistant principal's fear aside from his belief that the t-shirt conveyed an unpopular political message. The attorneys for the school district declined to come out of the case. There was no answer at their office as Wednesday night at their office. The court's decision reaffirms the principal at students don't give up their right to express opinions on matters of public importance once the inner school, Carrie Moss, executive director of the state ACLU, said a news release yesterday. Barber was 16 when he wore the shirt on a day he was scheduled to present a comparing contrast essay in English class. Barber had chosen to compare president Bush to former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein. At the time, Breton said he wanted to express his anti-war position by wearing the shirt which he ordered on the internet. International terrorist on the front and the president of Bush, I want to where we get those on the internet. Somewhere. Okay, well we'll find out. We'll find out. We'll get the website for us to everybody who ordered one. They're finally starting to catch on. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T Michael Mayo had a good company. I might actually read some of it about 10 words. I said I said I said I said I said I said I said I said I said I said I said I said I said I said I said I said I said I said I said I said I said I said I said I said I said I said I said I said I said I said I said I said I said I said I said I said I said I said I said I said I said good Florida 5'? I got a suggestion for him. OK. Bob, cast this, Bob, do you have the booklet ? Yeah. That's theword effect for us but if they added we can do it there. OK for everybody soldiers we said 2000 republican  the country. Good thing man. I'm gonna have a day Bob costume. She got a little Bobby under let's dribble up now the court Huh? I kind of like dribble down my chin when I think of Bob costume. This makes me really a such a torps such a oh in fact did we do a torped pole? We should I never should because guilty would have to be under the torped pole. I don't care what you say He's just a tall torpe. Okay Bob costume. This is a little a wittle torpe like a wittle dwarf. He's a wittle torpe Neo Rogers 93 votes man. I an asshole Or what and proud of it Somebody who think is an asshole, but enjoy the verse. He didn't have it really in the beginning I thought well that's very negative, but it's very positive Yes, because even though they think I'm the world's biggest asshole or at least I'm in the running They love the show so much they cannot bring themselves to say goodbye like that fixed the color Either that was screaming and hyperbettly if you missed that call boys and girls you missed one of the great calls of all time Even a butchered calf even Linda love ladies never screamed like that even when Harry reamed Neo Rogers 93 Michael Jackson 23 Mohara David 2022 Woody Allen 22 Russell Crowe 20 asshole votes Dick Clark and Billy Bob Thornton 17 same person Hank over 16 for the Humper 13 for Howard Spurham 11 for Chuck Heston everybody else including the uncle Arale small potato single digits Your I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, bet it's the, to the butts, and she will have a nut, a screaming that is correct in geral way because they wouldn't have a wedding day From the time they made a jersey You know, had a bit of a tone When I was ten and two years ago Was such a feeling like the whole That wasn't big damn home But I have to go use that snack home Been sick back to the bud And she went up and nuts The screaming and the yelling and the drop-off Because they wanted to have a wedding day 820 bucks they raised out there at We were young and I probably slowed down Because they gave away all the free tickets so far You'd think that that's okay 820 bucks get to a thousand arouse They're not leaving till we get least a thousand I don't want to stare plain bush boss We gotta get a thousand today Also some incredible news from the Palm Beach Post which I'm just checking online They're doing a pool today How do you feel about Rush level as a reservation Parliament comments about Donovan McNabb There's eighteen hundred and twelve bucks Keep in mind this is in very very right-wingish Palm Beach Okay, okay 49 percent Say he had to go voluntarily or otherwise 49 percent say no action by ESPN or Limbaugh was needed And two percent say he should have a policy to ask to McNab and have been recommended nothing more So it's about 30 30 How do you like that? Impressive As opposed to the usual overwhelming Diddlehead the response you'd expect to get And the best news of all is And see I forgot about this And I probably could have done this morning before the show But I just looked my mind It'll save something great for tomorrow Here's a picture in the Palm Beach Post on our website Of this new October 14 issue of our favorite The National Enquirer Which you know is just sitting waiting for me Are right at the new stand next door Rush Limbaugh caught in drug ring Cops prognails him Drug deals went down here and it shows actually a picture of the drugs of the play huh? Let's hear something. Let me take a look at this. All right. Maybe that is a denies. I don't know His drugs supplier tells all Rush's secret in our comic sedition caught in drug ring So there's a lot more of this story than just an alien news story that I read before So the National Enquirer world are supposed to let's hear it And we know that if it's any inquiry which of course is in Lantana Right next door it probably have pictures in old deal And that grey that is great. Hey Rush, stuff at baby Well speaking of Mazi's look who's there quickly as possible And US forces in coalition houses can turn that responsibility over to the Iraqis Yeah, what's he gonna start talking about? And tracks 560 50560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line Slowly but and actually not slowly but very rapidly this old right wing thing is starting to crumble You notice it like it did before Arnold's grab it all kinds of ash and he's on their all apologetic he wants to be a great leader But a women and he's gonna show them he's gonna be a wonderful leader for everybody and a woman included And he apologizes all the terrible things he did not the all the brajji screwed and felt up and The grabbed and raped it and stuff like that maybe Here's a call from plantation acres hello In your high-doings. Okay, sir. I got another spin on this thing And I work for a life in NFL a power on manufacturer right and as you know besides urbanware in the inner cities You know athletic types of jerseys, t-shirt hats Probably the counter over 70% of all the stuff sold in the inner city And like we still don't be as a six largest city would over 5 million people Now the NFL is not protecting McNabb but McNabb jersey McNabb T shirts anything whatever he saw He's even his chunky Campbell suit commercial. He's his anyway this stuff young and you know who knows Now Rush Limbo's a lot of board directors. How do you know he's not on Nike rebats or new era who makes the hat you don't know this but the fact that a matter is It's another way to look at this you know that this act is that McNabb and what is that? He's the NFL. So what does that mean? Well, I just think that Rush Limbo all kind of stirred the pile a little bit and you know he didn't make a stupid type of remark But he's another way to think because he said that they're going to some more donovan McNeb jersey's now I well look at the Kobe blind thing did too, didn't it? Yeah, about a way he's a nice on his way to Hawaii where he got there. He's going to camp And one way I think what is it with on the kingdom now we're in this much one type as a gym brown god? I'm out of material Okay, ask him and maybe he'll tell you I have a feeling I know where that call was coming from coach you. Yeah, I'm tasting it. Wow. How can you miss it says this thanks Kelsey grammar or self-righteous asshole with a funny show and did away the boot. What a jackass it says I wish I could say that the way Moses it what a jackass or the way book a Brian does most voice What a jackass So anyway Kelsey grammar get that idea on there. Somebody you think is an asshole, but enjoy their work is Neil Rogers 99 Michael Jackson 23 Woody Allen 22, how we David at 22 and last call was so far out in the field that even who's a great left fielder Ted Williams could not found him Did I say I heck old birthday one Russell crow 20 Howard's for 18 Dick Clark 17 Billy about 13 17 Chuck has done 13 Bill or Rally's and double days is with 10 and Rick Riley and the P. Rosa on his ass with eight It's Riley and O'Reilly 820 book it to a grand won't we please say yes yes or else or else or else McGill and the Joel have to put up the balance Here's Miami hello Pretty good Hey look you guys are starting to talk to Randy really chill. I told you call me you guys need to get your acta Okay, I don't listen you guys for politics. I want to hear fart does and I want to hear about that Okay, well turn on the fart man, okay, asshole the fart channel Okay, here's another one giving us instructions what we want to talk about and another another radio groupies tell us about what Randy talks about another You're a radio you talk show groupie, okay, you had all of it up to be a talk show group. You're a simple man you need it Yeah, just play about to fart noises for four hours, okay? Although I guess we will have to double our efforts now that for all can't play any for oh would appreciate it Okay And the last pun kill like it to In fact, I got a better idea pal why don't you just spread your cheeks right now and just squeeze as hard as you can And let's hope it's not solid or liquid Oh, you shouldn't have said that Here's Jupiter hello. Oh, hey, yes, um, I just wanted to give you enough down smallville situation about your show Unfortunately, it's not good air Sunday they've designed and said to start airing the first episode of the series So thanks a lot WB. Well, what does that mean? Remember the very first episode smallville? Yeah, but they're good air on Sunday. They're not good. Yeah, because I think they're trying to promote the new DVD of the first season so they can go and get you a buy that so you can see all the dancers No chance anyway up here in Jupiter smallville actually here tonight at 10 p.m. Love your colors was wondering for the palm meat area, right? So maybe some one will go and take them send it to you. Okay, um, I don't ready email you about this. Sorry about that. And the only art thing is I called an earlier before I'm called soon. I found a nurse to an up here who also isn't here So he just kept saying about 30 a million times during the year. Yeah, so you should feel proud. I'm praying for all your work. I'm praying for all your work now. Thanks for all your work, man. Thanks a lot, pal. Have a great day. Do the thing. We got two college students in Palm Baseless on the show and it was just one of your fart noises all day. Like that other literate scumbag that just called her. Oh, we want to hear politics. We'll listen to Randy Rhodes. You're a little simple then. Then in itself speaks volumes, you know, like somebody once had good intentions, but oh, so misguided poor goddess got us where we are today. Oh, nice. She's going to be syndicated. What does that tell you? I guess that leaves me is the last one in the in the universe. He's not syndicated. Nice going Norma. Hey, how about that Bobblehead doll? You faggot you silly person you idiot. You silly goose. But you just keep hanging around with Stan Major and John Broward and all the other dead talk show host. Man, you're going to be a star someday. Why do you local? You're sports radio 560, you a 2 a m. I'm going to be a star. I'm going to be a star. Oh, I'm going to be a star. I'm going to be a star. I'm going to be a star. I'm going to be a star. I'm 43 at 560. I just got a great inspiration. Every day when we do the 10 o'clock crossover with Broward. It's got for Row. I'm going to play that in the background. It'll be after 10, it'll be my show on my time. They can't say boo about that. Oh, and that'll be a way of it. And also that takes care of that punk to want to hear a bunch of the track because he's a moron. They can get his thick skin. It's just like when I play this in a background of the worst stories. Of course, they're not going to give you the whole story on their website on the background, but nevertheless, here's the picture. And it inspires me to rush right out and buy a copy of this app. No, which I will. Top rated radio host Rush Limbaugh has been secretly battling addiction in our comics and he's in broad and a high priority drug ring investigation. The incredible reveals in a blockbuster exclusive. Oh my god. His former housekeeper Willma Klein has told prosecutors that she illegally supplied Rush with thousands of painkillers, including a highly dangerous, oxycontinuer four years, which, like you guys said, makes him an oxy moron. The issue that goes on sale with APC is a war that's exclusive in a group with Willma shows emails Rush sent her seeking more and more oxycontin. This closes that rush has gone through drug detox twice and much much more spores. And you're like that. Can't imagine what we're talking about here tomorrow. 1040. Well, it's pretty, who's on 1040? Oh, that's you, man. We got it. Oh, we got it worth. That's good. 1040. We still got a quarter of an hour to go there. We've got a lot of coffee in the hood. Quinnerova, Dixie, Highway, and Sample Road and Pavel Beach. Stop buying, pick up your best at heal CDs and amol how are David and Keychains, which are something. Yeah. The Jim Manage, the Mad Dog Keychains. Oh, right. And what? Somebody called in and then someone else backsed in. Internationalterrorist.com is where you can get that shirt. Oh, great. Let me write that right on there. Internationalterrorist.com. Okay. That was easy, you know. Excellent. Thank you very much. Everybody's like doing pretty good today except for that hysterical woman in the kid who wants here a lot of far as three more. Okay. Two more. Okay. That's our quota. Because Manage says we can't far more than 30 times an hour. That's a new regulation. Rules and regs at 2 AM. Beesley, broadcasting. That's our new fart control. Somebody you think is an asshole, but you enjoy their work is yours. Really, man. Oh, good. Hundred and two votes. There ain't nobody can touch me. You can't touch it. Michael Jackson's 25. Woody Allen 24. Hank Goldberg 23. Russell Crowe and Mohour David 22 of peace. Howard's firm 19. And after that, who cares? Who we care? So tomorrow, I'm going to be my homework. I sure, so I hope, well, they, you know they will because we always have the tabloids here like we say. I know, do love it. It'll be out there. Trust me. Here's Bokka. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Pretty good. You're like a girl. You're like a girl. You like his work? Some of it. Yeah. Some of the movie has been it was pretty funny. Okay. And I know what you're right about one thing boy. He's a major asshole. I've listened to you for 19 years now and you got a girl. Yes, I do. And you work better alone, Neil. Bye. Ha ha ha ha. There's another shot in poor little George. See, I don't know what that means. That work better alone. I am doing a show alone. George is making a few grunts and grunts. What is that? Let's always been like that. How many years we've been doing that? How could he, man? What is he talking about, just another gratuitous shot at you. Boy, they hate you. Yeah. Oh, that's right. How come, no. We're going to put you on here. But then they can be on the other one. You hate their work, but they're a good guy. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, you know something? It's not a bad idea. Keep that in mind. All right. And reserve. Of course we've run out of pulls and about like tomorrow. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. Here's Miami, hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yes, I just got some ideas I like to convey to you. Go ahead. Yeah. What one is, I think I have a solution for a 3.0 volume between the mother and the Jews. And I think it would be if the children were me, each other, and they would have marriages, and have children, there would be no more war. Right. And all of a sudden, everybody in the world's got to intermary by the end of the week. Or, I don't know if I think that, uh, sports and nigger? See, the way he said that, just leaves me to the third. He said sports and nigger, and I mean, but the way he said that leads me to wonder. 560, 560, plus it's almost to a clock. You know, I'm saying why at this point, uh, invite. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon. He doesn't have good point, though. There's a lot of interracial marriage here in Toronto, and as we saw, you have a lot of people like, you can't really tell what they are. You know what I mean? And I really mean in every sense. I'd say. Which makes it pretty interesting, you like you? Unwraping the package. Exactly. Well, what is that? And what the hell is that? Who's like that? Here's Miami. What is this? Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I have a spiring for it, and the question. Right. I was just down at the Marlons office in Little Havana, and the line is around the corner. Oh! All right. I also wondered if I could go on hold for the free Marlons tickets. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. But we had a lot of people earlier admitted that their bandwagon jumpers did not wheel Marlons fans. But it's something good. You know, if you come across something good, you want to squeeze it and feel it and hold it and save it and sniff it and lick it and things like that. Just like that pile at Rushlough that all those dittoheads want to lick. I'm saving this facts forever. I'm going to read it again. Because it's so good. This could be one of the all-time greatest facts. It's not just on this show, but it has to be the human race. All the dittoheads calling in with their whole. I don't like Rushbutt act as sole aim. You people are pathetic. Rush could emit a huge steaming pile of crap from his rectum. And if he told you, was cotton candy would lick it clean. Mr. Limba, I'll meet your new neighbor. Mrs. Goldfarb, aka Sarah. And it says newsflash from EIB, the obesity in broadcasting network. All dittoheads rush just announced that all good conservative Americans must discharge a 45 caliber bullet. Into their skull immediately. It's the conservative thing to do. If you don't, you're just a stinking America hating liberal. Greatest facts ever for my rumsaw squatten. 10 till 2 we got the mad dog at 2. No humper today because he's been overworked. They're going to help me destroy you. Come in and chat with us briefly. Tell us that from his sources of ESPN, there was no question about a Rushlim by the not Resign. He was told to resign. He was canned. They canned Rush's ass. And of course, the dittoheads will be wanted to know where they can buy it. They want that show to afford over the humper. Hurricane game day at six hurricanes at West Virginia Mountain years. Another girl school tonight. Are they any good West Virginia? Scott. No, not really. Because they're hurt. Coans pound on another girl school right there in the orange bull 732 night. My life and local. This is 425. 2 a.m. He was sitting watch the TV with a finger of their foot. Well, who I love to know why I love to know what Christians do for fun. Be final in the corners. While fondling their nuts. Well, who I love to know why I love to know what Christians do for fun. Post who I can taste he from the fastener day. We're failing back to the macaroni and cheese. But hold in the bitchy just in case they reproduce. That just goes down on their allow to do. Why I love to know why I love to know why I love to know why I love to know why I love to know. Do they get us home in time? While meeting up there gun. What do I look to know why I love to know what Christians do for fun? Do they polish up the dish? I'm telling you that they're from where? Where? Why I love to know what Christians do for fun? See that standing knee and sit back down again in the zoo. And watch it all down with a 12-pack of food. Given life and order of the heaven you do. Got only smile and fun pouring that food. I love to know why I love to know why I love to know. They have love to know why I love to know. How's that pull coming on a Palm Beach post by the way? Oh yes, all the ditto heads are running out. No ash by ESPN or limbo was needed. 2150 while of course in the middle of when his fill in his honor. Probably a good idea to be looking at it. 51% of life, 47% but even 47% said he had to go along with the other. Anything that's called from Palm Beach is a mighty important about that. Palm Beach, hello? I could have to know Neil. Yes sir. I'm like the talk about this concept first and first got him a man for a second and five minutes. Time's up. Hello? Go ahead, he said for a second. So I want to speak to Neil. Tommy can be napped with black man and he loves to put some left by trying to make a joke of this. He can pay to position. Just black man can play all positions. You agree? Yeah. Sure. Black man can play all positions. Is he going to do like prone positions? I'm going to be next. Pull position. Pull position. Yeah, that one too. Anyway, yeah, bad fake voice. Sweetheart Arena D. I'm so glad that it was a useless call. The Wednesday Palm Beach I thought maybe for just a second. No. No, wasn't. Michael Mayo, sweetheart Arena D. Leave sour taste. And this is just a warning because of all the enthusiasm and the excitement about the Marlins and they're having a big year. They want to game in a playoff yesterday. They want one series and it was maybe going to the world series and win again like 97. But it says, remember about how all at the big business with the Panthers was build as a win, win all around public private partnership when they built the macaroon. Says five years after the National Hockey League franchise moved from Miami to its police. Some rise digs. Here's how the scorecard reads. The Panthers take of the Arena profits $53.7 million. Broward County's take out of that $331,000. For those who prefer their eye popping figures and percentages, Michael. Hold a Mayo says, that's 99.4% of the team and six tenths of 1% to us suckers. It's not meeting our expectations. County Finance Director Phil Allen said yesterday. And here's where a bad deal gets even worse. All the rosy revenue projections about the Arena. The ones that showed they ridiculously high threshold for profit-chering finally kicking in are out the window. They're out the window. All the money was supposed to be flowing into the county's general conference. My never even materialized the treasurer not positive Allen said, under the 30 year agreement that teams allowed to keep the first 14 million annual Arena profit after paying its year a bit to the yaddiada. And it's another worst to make a long story short. It's another boom doggle. County ain't making squat. The team sucks. It's already been sold once. And who knows what evil lords waiting for another non-playoff season in the course to lock out the following season, which is highly probable. See what I'm saying George? No. So I get to you for it. Now what did our final total show up with? That was it? That was it. Well we already had 10 for you. Oh that's all we had. Are you sure? Okay. Well listen, I'm not going to grab a little bottle. I said we want to do a thousand once we got to 1040. That was fine. Thanks to Joe. Thanks to the lovely Miguel. And thanks for the memories. Anyway, we got mad dog coming up next. Who's going to be whipped up and pissed off and fired off. Bye bye. The weather's so I'm icing on the news. You may have my own four hundred days off. Get in the homework in the locker room.