I'm gonna show up in those dance moves Then college, ain't nothing but a bunch of y'all face Okay I got another thing about a top again right there And I don't need a rating that's a minor change Don't care what you do, I'm gonna suck this Don't you gotta wait a little harder on the guest you must A ro-ship guts to go There's a lot of pet producers you know That's right, what's the best act? When you won't wake a motor, no motor, no motor But you're back, back, back When you won't wake a motor, no motor Oh, bro, oh, let's blah, I don't understand You can meet from a truss while you're in both hands That's it, that's what you've been a rating small You just like Clinton, it's all your fault I'm gonna straighten your pet ass out Well, I'll think to fool out of you, I'm not That's right, that's it, that's it You won't wake a motor, no motor, no motor But you're back, back, back, back You won't wake a motor, no motor No, no, no, no You won't wake a motor, no motor, no motor You won't wake a motor, no motor, no motor You won't wake a motor, no motor You won't wake a motor, no motor You won't wake a motor, no motor Yeah, I see you've got a bra, dude I know what's the time of your work Hey, happy Thanksgiving 10.02.5.60WQ What the hell am I doing here today, you know? Big paid hot shot like me And I'm working for 10 to noon on Thanksgiving day Not a good idea, no, no, no, no, no But all I will say this, that was the beast Is his fat ass in there yet? Or not? What does he do now out there? Beast? Yes, oh, yeah! A long time ago, he got a beating again By the way, Katrina's law of seven pounds That balanced your fat telecramp I did very well on it the first time You did very well, and then you kept cheating And you embarrassed yourself and a radio station and our sponsor And you jeopardized our whole livelihood Oh, good, that far Because you were, yeah, you did because you were fat slums You're a fat slon like me and like Zach only a different spin that you got like a little baby There's that kiss smooths and actually we're a little smoothie That was so disgusting this morning. Oh, would you that stuff about mole a lot of it is stickish stick in here Zach He's still watching his back in there No, actually I've heard rumors that he told Mo that he's sick and tired of getting up at 3 a.m Yeah, what does that mean? I don't know maybe the whole Zach bow experience could be done to oh When that be bad maybe that maybe Mo would have to run his own board because pretty soon. He'll run out of people that are gonna work with them At any rate, I was gonna play like a bunch of stuff today, which I guess I will although the fact that you're there You know we probably ought to talk about the hurricane. Oh, a little bit more no in the fact that they play all these little girl schools Now these overgrown children call you this morning man. I was embarrassing So what is good that I'm working today for these two hours? Because otherwise I wouldn't have heard all that hurricane talk that was brutal and I noticed you had like two or three white people call him and that was pretty good You're gonna like this story beast man sentenced to 30 years how many but We're killing my me woman during pumping party Now the beast and clearance have their own private pumping parties daily is what I'm hearing they're pumping it Nothing's happening but they're pumping it a man convicted of killing a my me woman via jetty or with industrial grades silicone during an underground pumping party in Miramar Was sentenced to 30 years Prison yesterday Mark Hawkins through the non-agree andville South Carolina thank God an out of town or some Carpetbagger was found guilty of 30 green murder and illegally practicing medicine March 2001 of the death of virulence 53 Prosecutors had Hawkins and is then partnered Donny Hendrix, though, kindergarten Jimmy 34 when a very profitable but illegal business traveling around several southern states Offering cut rate cosmetic surgery and body enhancement procedures to women and trans-gendered people I find they even engaged in incredibly harvest behavior and was done entirely for money circuit judge Peter onestein good Jewish boy told Hawkins before Sensing them to the maximum penalty In whose guy we're he'm gonna be man. Probably we do some pump jobs in there too. I would think wouldn't you? I would imagine speaking of a pump job For Josh and the George tomorrow understand who sucked him into this although I guess they're gonna get paid for it Got a promo here. It says join George and Josh tomorrow six to eight a.m Almost more like our absolutely six to eight a.m. at the best pro shops outdoor world off I-95 and Griffin Road should be a mammoth crowd for that There'll be crispy cream donuts and coffee for the first 300 people For the first 300 people cookies and punch while they last and a fake sand will be there to Paul for your children molest them kind of like Michael. He'll be dressed up like Michael Jackson You can spin the wheel try to win our usual crappy prizes and of course I'll have our best meal merchandise tomorrow six to eight in the morning at best pro shops outdoor world off I-95 and Griffin Road now yesterday's pool Let's see we had almost a thousand votes which isn't too bad on the day before Thanksgiving You know what's your all to what's the all-time best song from movie and Lot of old parts must have voted here because somewhere over the rainbow held on to nation's lee and still one you ready for that Can't get over that summer over the rainbow 83 votes the godfather Elped Reno had 78 cows mom is a big fat bitch a very respectable third 71 Stay in alive more a scab he couldn't stay alive. We went to Mount Sinai hey beast when a cut by the way you dive better yet No, you will be thanks I am just telling you And it's no fun then you won't be able to eat anything what are you gonna do then? And then when a chop off your leg and you start having trouble bumping into the wall because you can't see anything because your eyes are going It probably won't be a good idea. I just mentioned that in passing Stay alive 58 as time goes by 42. I can't get over that. But we must have a lot of old parts These last couple of days. Oh, voted like 10 times did move out for his time goes by Right I can I can just see most sitting home right now listening to Judy girl and record is only problem as he's in Dallas Mo is in Dallas with a mad dog. We got the dolphin game. We got hours and hours and a reason being because we got to get all the spots in We got guilty on airport. You should have you should have been in a hallway that last the Friday That was there before I came back here man. I ran into guilty and I couldn't get away He was winding and carrying on historically and that thing that you keep predicting about him in Joe Rose 8 to 10 Yeah, he's Jones and for a man. He wants it. Oh, I was talking to Blast at the Panthers game He's I can't even tell you what his emotions. Well, what what? You were at the panther game. No, no, no, I was having to him. I was here and he was there Oh, because I heard another idiotic comment you made this morning about well, did they get a head of tie with the Rangers? Did they get a point for that? I was that work now Mr. Bruin span here mister. I have a go you're you fit in that station like a rubber glove What you know nothing about hockey nothing the Panthers which are granted. There's still mediocre in the long-go play great again kept them in again, but They got three game on beaten streak. They won two and a row and then they got a tie last night even though they blew the lead And you know anything about it and you wonder why nobody in South Florida cares about hockey the most exciting by far The most exciting and dynamic athlete who ever played in South Florida was Pavell Brean and 98% of people I don't know who that was who? Right exactly You would know Pavell Brean if he came up right now and kissed you on lips. He's that Kenny Linsman This is Robinson head 40 did I say star wars team head 41. Mrs. Robinson 40 You notice now I got a long list here if I read him all we'd already be 11 30 and we can go home See here's a little lesson for you beast read a lot of long lists The good the bad the ugly 37 white Christmas 35 I have the tiger 35 suicide is panless from ash head Chef 28 live and let die 21 Everybody what is it everybody's talking 20 milson gonna fly now the theme from Rocky at 19 doing banjo's an old-time rocket roll 17 a piece And the way we were moon river 16 each I'm all right one 10 silver for that's that's enough. It goes way boy on down There were several I there were four that didn't have any votes which I'm still not understand why people do this all the time We take these polls on a show people call in or facts in a subject and then they don't vote for it We could just don't have a PC you think The heat is on day by day the theme from Alphi and up for you belong had the big oh Or down where you belong which is most on absolute down where you belong burning in hill for all eternity the sad part of it is He's in Dallas so we can't be monitoring us today not bad And that's another reason that sex real pussy because the fact that guys out of town you could have ripped him a major as this was your window of opportunity You guys you could have let it all hang out and told him exactly what you feel to the whole world how you feel about Mo that got your ass fired off a show and then his response was where do you get your information? Every time somebody try to call him on a carpet for where do you get your information because he just the you know I'm gonna come right out and lie ball faced about it Absolutely just be surrounded Don't answer the question. Hey, probably is listening. Oh He's he isn't him. He's has his laptop and Dallas. He's listening. No, it's it's hooked up to his pacemaker He's got the audio from QM hooked up to his cost me back. Oh, yeah, it's pumped into his sack He's a boy the signal is kind of smitty today I can't imagine why I'm oh you'd piece of tear why anybody would call you up and have to ask why what that's all about me You talk about people out of touch. Let's speak in about a touch our illiterate present a little mistaken Nevada The Las Vegas sun reports mush bush miss pronounce is Nevada and his first presidential visit Nevada memo to George Bush it says when making a first presidential visit to a state use the right pronunciation of its name Bush and Las Vegas on Tuesday repeatedly said Nevada To properly pronounce Nevada the middle symbol symbols should rhyme with gamble like Nevada gamble not Nevada Miss pronounce in the state's name sets people's teeth on edge said state archivist Guy Roka He's the president. He ought to get a right nothing personal and of course the fact that he's a moron a bozo Explain's it you know Stay on monetary. I'm still thankful for the vector we can say that at least as of this state although Patriot acting about six months We'll make this whole go to prison for seeing that and the fact that at least as of now We have another presidential election scheduled in less than a year as of now For the time being So when we hear today's poll now you'll notice I dredged up an old poll and I'm embarrassed to do this but you wonder why I had to do it Because fat Eric is out starting his feedings already he had leave the house He just called me yeah, he wanted to know he's he asked one and how we were doing He said he I swear to God the police said are you guys okay over there Eric where you cut the crap? I mean this man I don't want to rip him and ask because I know he probably is listening on his laptop But this guy, you know he's okay and he's done a good job with our bedtime stories I email him eight minutes story to get some on sometime the next day not to bed, but you know stop being so neurotic Eric But I'm not said see you you're gonna give me a trouble now Because I was gonna say somehow we'll survive without you today Eric did a fine job I got the results of the first poll. He got the second we got votes already on the second poll and I'll say it again We We're doing this only because Eric is on his way to eat several Kings today Eric makes you look like Minimows I don't think so in fact between 100 pounds of fun this morning for a couple hours or maybe two and eight and ten Tons of fun Tons of fun between eight and ten now how do I got you and Zach in the same room to do that show a pizza Autamy and it was I did a poll because Eric had a stick to pull on there before he left for his first feeding Okay, so we can't change it. We can't add to it and then what you see is what you get so don't anybody call him to say well I want to add this to the poll because I'm oh now why we got calls on there who said who the house that I'm taking calls? Probably about your hurricane fans couldn't get with you guys. I don't know if we want to take calls doing I want to play a lot of stuff today. We only got two hours Right, that's fine. Well we'll see But anyway the poll is what is the absolute worst fast food joint in South Florida the reason I'm asking that is it's Thanksgiving It's an eating day, right? Of course for some of us every day is a big big eating day right Today is no different than any other day right managed on a hallala Jose and the beast is in no difference Right, absolutely anyway. I got the list and this is it there probably left some off But if I did two freaking bad McDonald's Burger King Wendy's checkers RB stick and shake and tucky fried Church is chicken bow jangles subway Miami subs pizza hot domino's Papa John's Taco Bell and poya troupica I don't understand. Well, that's a good choice. Domino's is leading so far with six I would eat Domino's pizza if they pay me by the by the bite Would you? That's a bad question 10 13 at 5.60 Q a What the hell was that It's it's called thin street. That's that's what was in the region that was the region Yeah, it must be a mistake. You know what that is that's what the dolphins gave us a power or something I would have much rather heard them say all right, okay It's the most rocking holiday of all That's why curton records presents women rock two seniors jam pack with over 50 rock and colonial hits That'll blow your buckles shoes off like this classic from the William Bradford experience It's the music of the first British invasion Playmouth rock featuring the music of original planet rockers like Nate Flower of power Jefferson, Talship the righteous brethren and this one from winner Gister Flimith rock let's you follow the musical journey of 102 passengers looking for freedom The freedom to rock with original handbangers like the guests who it cross me stills and standards 10,000 religious maniacs and this one from bad messages. It's big Somebody Playmouth rock. It's got more heavy metal than a village blacksmith available at all day for our company Discountlets tonight in at five sixty wdq. I'm happy Thanksgiving to you We got dolphins count out a kick off at noon with guilty. Gelties got to be on here squeaking his way to success You got the Adolphins at the Cowboys see this is the day when you separate the men from the Cowboys Because if by some miracle that dolphins actually even play a competitive a good game today I mean forget about even winning because I think that's highly unlikely but even if they comport themselves well That'll indicate that maybe like somebody would say we got a shot They got a shot and of course the Beast ain't gonna get all our side because he's a Patriots fan anyway Can't wait till next Sunday. Oh, that's gonna be great. You know if there's that gonna be a thrashing or walk because that's in New England Oh, man, are they gonna kick their ass or what? I'm already rubbing myself thinking I see right there goes to show you the phoniness to South Florida sports fans That's why I'm so nauseated and turned off by the whole South Florida sports scene And I was happy for the Marlins and the real fans all 40 of them that the you know And I was the one that said that they're gonna win a world series once they made the playoffs But the fact that a matter was 99% of those people never went to a Marlin game before probably We'll ever go to another one again and you just hop on a bandwagon and the same with his day-feetler thing Brian greasy beats San Diego kicks their ass against the little teeny girls team, you know Oh, Brian greasy thank God for Brian all this other bull crap that he started falling down again and dropping a ball And our Jfeetler comes in a bailout their ass which to be honest with you five out of ten isn't exactly like a Super Bowl kind of record the performance But Ricky Williams won them the game in the fourth quarter of that and oh Jfeetler thank the Lord said luckman Sanico fact. Jfeetler. It's a Jew thing. You know that kind of crap. That was embarrassing So it's difficult to be a South Florida sports fan of any of the teams because the the fan base They just nauseate you by their front running phoniness By the way, do somebody online treat or amyami, but I'm not gonna talk to them I'm not taking no calls are only doing two hours Enjoy your Thanksgiving have a great meal. Don't call it that guy to call you pump us up for Saturday Beast with a hurricane and oh That guy he was one step away from that guy who told a mad dog that they aren't we blessed down here Jim And then the next week the hurricanes and dolphins both got their asses kicked and I guess we were cursed down here I just just nauseating but I inspired myself for a great pull for Monday In fact I'd put it on there now. Let's put it Can you see Eric does doing jar rations in the cup? Oh gee, I better go back home We want to change the but I'll er at this kind of is very concerned about us You want to measure we were okay Eric everything is okay. We got on the year I was talking to Josh for a half hour before we could hear me because the George trains everybody very poorly See, Josh let me just tell you one thing right now since George ain't there today You can you can pitch him out of your parents tomorrow morning. He trains people poorly in By intent because then he's more secure. See if anybody ever figured out what they're really doing in there His job would be in great jeopardy but because of the fact that nobody he trains ever has any idea what they're doing He figures he still got a job good thinking George although don't be don't count your chicken just look at the beast He's been bouncing around Everywhere bounced off this show That show Now you're a go to date and you do the show Yeah, let's not talk about that No, you're now your performance was a lot better today Maybe because he has fed Zach and I think it was great But it was fine. It was not the wrong way that you were for enthusiastic except the course for all those Hercune fans calling in just nauseating just sickening grow up already you silly people grow to hell up and by the way I went to Michigan state and they suck and I don't really care by the way there. Let's decayed last a Bradley and hoops last night Now I heard you say that and you still try to figure that out. I heard it was Bruce Bradley Anyway, so here's the poll. I'm gonna do a Monday at least maybe just the first one because we don't want to overdo it because a lot of our people A hate sports like poison. That's the George factor Who do you think was the most exciting athlete ever to play for South Florida team? Because I said the answer clearly is Pavel Burri. I put Dan Marino down there too and The world yeah, I'm sure we'll get some other choices, but they really aren't that many in it belong on a list are there You're probably gonna start naming some hurry cones. Oh there's the whole list of those. Yeah such as Michael Irvin was his exciting is Pavel Burri? Sure to roam brown. In fact, as soon as I hear Michael Irvin is one thing that comes to my mind Warren sat Mean you gotta be kidding me mr. Jim Kelly Bernie, I wasn't watching some 400 pound telecraft like Warren sat that's exciting see that's your idea of excitement and sport Of course you admire 400 pound guys Well, yeah, they make me look skinny. I'm surprised you hooked up with a guy's skinny as clearance Although I guess probably in it you know on that bed There's not room for too big fact guys like you and Zach opposite to track so clearance just kind of like sneaks into that crack in the corner of the bed Anyway, President Bush is no bill Clinton, but his kid brother might be this is a little follow up on a start we hate yesterday About the bush family that brought morality back to the White House The aftermath of Neil Bush's messy divorce got even messier yesterday or that messy a Well, I'll tell you the long go made a save on Mark Messier late in the game last night. There was so phenomenal He made several unbelievable saves But there was one blood save that was so incredible if or for a riddle along or I don't think the pant is whatever one another game. You know that Ask me if the beast cares you know care Nobody in that station cares and even guilty doesn't give her crap to be honest withy. He just wants dogs his job You're not getting that job yelty okay your little back stabbing weasel you're not getting a job Sorry The aftermath of Neil Bush's messy divorce got messier yesterday with revelations that he made woopy with a string of women This is from the New York Daily News in Hong Kong and Thailand in the late 90s and Court depositions taken in March and just released the 48-year-old bush said the babes not gonna This is great the bage not that his hotel door looking for fun and he being a big heart at Texan merely obliged I mean who the hell was he to say? Oh And he insisted he didn't know whether they were prostitutes because they never asked for any money and they didn't get on from him Poor city engaged in the sex capades while on an Asian trip representing grace semiconductor manufacturing corporate Of course they paid him $2 million in stock over five years even though he knows nothing about semiconductors The deposition was given in a defamation suit against his x-wife Sharon during questioning Sharon's lawyer Marshall Davis Brown told Bush You have to admit it's a pretty remarkable thing for a man to just to go to a hotel room door open it and have a woman standing there and have sex with her It was very unusual Bush reply These are the moral bushes baby Bush and his wife divorced a messy nasty smelly sloppy divorce by the way after 23-year marriage a bitter parting Then a poverty and Robert Andrews a couple of eight met years earlier Sharon got into hot water by legend that Bush was the father of Andrews two-year old son Robert Andrews subsequently filed a 85,000-dollar defamation suit against Sharon a court has yet to rule on Sharon's request that both Neil and Robert Andrews before to take For eternity tests in the case and that'll lovely thing These are the people that are bringing morality back to the White House baby and back to government in American Jebwood is the two of the psychotic sons It would is a daughter's good little bit of a problem to I wonder if she was in there with rush The rest was an Arizona drying out talking about how tentated these a big fat slob stuff like that How's that pull coming now? You know what the right answer is on the poll today, don't you? I select a dominoes no wrong answer why The correct answer which isn't doing all that well, but that's okay because what are these people know correct answer? Which I voted for is Burger King? There's nobody even close to Burger King. It is so bad that even even animals wouldn't touch it If you threw it in the dumpster animals will be running and screaming making shrieking sounds McDonald's 11 Domino 7, Pojo Tropiciao's them, which I'm gonna understand that view what's that? Pojo Tropiciao thought everybody liked that. I like it there Maybe they don't like it because it's spit food Miami Sub 6 checkers 6 churches cheek and five Papa John's pizza for and that's bad. Is nothing wrong with Papa John? Stake and shake four bow-jangle three Burger King three, which should be the right one. Taco Bell three RB's three pizza have two Kentucky fries got one subway one and nobody voted for when these thank God for that But how could anybody say Taco Bell? Do you know anybody who don't like Taco Bell? I love Taco Bell. There's anybody in the audience who's got some Taco Bell laying around and you don't want it You can't stand it the Beast will take it Eat what's the camera You Luciano Poverotti now the fattest of the three tenors is back stretching his vocal abilities in a way never intended by Mother Nature in a new CD box set Papa Rottie does Motown They could be mine Not what you'd be mine Papa Rottie does Motown if you thought he was good with an area wait till you hear him work over the real classics Oh Papa Rottie does Motown gives you the chance to listen to solid gold tunes brought to life in a way you never hoped for Okay, so technically that one wasn't Motown, but don't tell Luciano or Wilson pick it So what are you waiting for if you like ordering CDs that you can't get in stores call now to get a collection that will sit in your CD rack Gathering dust for years to come Yet also pie's last by the way supplies are not likely to run out anytime soon probably not 1033 at five 60 WM happy take Thanksgiving day you do realize that this is one of the days this day and I guess also on Christmas day All of this day probably more universally because even Jews celebrate Thanksgiving is supposed to Christmas So virtually everybody is like picking out today What's in this is the day you're most likely to die of a heart attack? Did you know that I did not Well keep that in mind I just mention that in passing because we'd like to keep around for a little while just as the anti-moment factor I'm just gonna have some fast this afternoon Big no, no you're not gonna eat like a pig because you know the combination of all the heavy duty stuff Now the protein from the turkey is fine although turkey does make you tear and it's very boring without gravy and accoutrements But nevertheless But then of course with a cranberry is which is like pure sugar or succ injecting insulin right into your vein And the mashed potatoes which again turns into sugar in your system with a lot of heavy gravy which is fat And the combination of all of these things a lot of people eat sweet potatoes too, right? Yeah, bad for you. The sweet potatoes are okay for you. No pure starch pure starch sends in a fat instantly in your body Oh, Mr. Mr. Dietis for for me I'm not so many by now I think I'm a clue right sweet potatoes are good for you right after the first six or seven are they get a little bit heavy and Then of course that punky pie Pure sugar especially with a crust See I want to go to bed for the beast and Zack and myself and all those fat people we like food okay I'm not gonna be around a bush. We wish we could take one pill wake up tomorrow morning I could just like Tom Brady and other than that forget about it, right? Wouldn't be great without a dad that we got that would be sensational What the fact that matter is they keep digging around and digging around wow they're working on this and they're working on it And they're yanking us around in the meantime America and a whole world actually is getting fatter and fatter and bigger and fatter and sicker and dying I'm talking about the diabetes thing. I don't want to like put the ferragon in you even of oh good, but it's not fun I mean pizza don't you like pizza? Yeah, can't eat it can't eat the crust ice cream It's pretty good can't eat it. Although I did have a A score bar ice cream bar yesterday I was thinking about all this while I was enjoying my score ice cream bar I don't know how I've done it. I can't know why they have survived this long. My blood sugar this morning was like 124. That's not too bad, right? Well, that's right you didn't even know what your blood sugar is like. I get tested regularly No, no you don't understand yeah, and I don't want to clearance to give jealous, but you see You have to have all these bricks on your fingertips and that tells everybody that you test regularly for your blood sugar because you have the little the little kid You really probably should be doing that What is your blood sugar? What's the last time you had your blood sugar test? Oh, I see a few weeks ago Is that you did the nose and go You're gonna say tilt despite the fact that I'm a little bit overweight Yeah, my my cholesterol is extremely low my blood sugar is great like they the doctors will understand it But what was the number give us a number? I don't know. I don't remember You're in denial I When people are already picking out they don't want to hear what's talking about dieting, but you're in denial And I'm not into no I cart your ass away in that piano case and in fact we do have an office pool running Are we gonna know about it's fat boy you and Zank which one is gonna you know like the bullet first I'm just telling you right now Diabetes ain't no fun. I Completely understand do you know you don't you've had all the other Elmets and Suri so far from being fat. I couldn't believe all this stuff you would tell me this man is had like 14 a colonoscopies and and doska peas and they've checked inside and outside they've looked deep inside Is that go and they still can't find anything that makes sense. Well, it's because I'm a hypotool You're one I'm a hypot hypocondriac? Yeah, or hypobrassemic Blood sugar's only First of all I get a headache. I think I have a tumor Well in your case. I would think of course if you had a tumor how do I would they find it? It's a good point That would be a serious problem. I have to do like an they have to bring in an excavation team to find a tumor in a midst of your fat But no seriously we like to eat what's wrong with eating See this is what's wrong with life is they make all this stuff that taste really good and the stuff that has no taste at all like like Turkey I don't care what anybody tells me Turkey by itself is Boy, I'm trying nasty. I mean chicken if you have like a nice juicy little chicken that chicken could be Fairly tasting you can prepare it a lot of good ways but Turkey you got to leave a little gravy on you got to do something with it Otherwise, it's it's like eating cardboard Right, it's not good dump tons of gravy, but I can have it a nice banana split would be delicious Right, I hotbud Sunday on Rocky road would be good around this please sure life's game would be excellent There you go. Can't do it bad for you So it is like a conspiracy to make us fat probably something to do with the decreasing the surplus population I think it's intentional Everything is a goddamn plot McDonald's is reading which I despise McDonald's or they call it names to them make death But the fact that a matter is I do eat McDonald's once a great while like when I'm in it's day because rest of the food are blows I'll say it again people don't quote Amsterdam for food. They go there for two reasons sex and drugs drugs and sex McDonald's 13 Domino's got nine. I'm glad to see that because I thought people got sucked in by Domino's it's awful. It's horrendous How about that little season? Is that still there across from the UM campus those two buildings that they call the UM campus down around Dixie? Is it gone? No, it's not little season there. You know where it was, don't you? No, I think it was God even before I got to school I'm Dixie Highway was really awful the bird used to tell me oh this little season's got the best pizza so we went there one day After you do an appearance somewhere and you thought that they poured like morten salt like a whole shaker of it on the pie It's real salty Why don't you need salt on pizza? This Miami's best pizza right across from UM is it Miami's best pizza? No, no, probably not across from where across from UM. Where's that? It's on US one like right about where is UM? Where were actually is it in coral gables does it really exist? Yes, it does do they have class rooms? Do they actually end does anybody have a textbook that goes to university Miami? Couple that they only have some tan lotion and drugs is the thing I'm here in It anyway I'm not talking about what I'm not seeing like designer drugs. I'm just thinking like generally drugs like you know My agro things like that K-O-Pectate absolutely McDonald's 13 Domino is nine we don't want to get the Donna Shalala upset again because she gets very better shape Every time we say anything bad about the university Miami like we got balls What a bitch. What a now you're not gonna defend her are you? She's a great president stop and think of all man you don't know what side your ass is buttered on mister Your paycheck is coming from QAM she's the anti QAM she's the one at the god would at the sucked it would at the we got no ball She's got bad info. Oh, she got bad info what on nasty miserable phony bitch She said that's disgusting is what she said That's the disgusting you're disgusting Donna Remember that song by D on Donna the Primadanah Remember that That's the bitch. That's the bitch see again. You just you're you know for all your plus the right all your big talk and hey He's Mr. Bigshot you're you're scared of your own shadow and believe me that's a hell of a big round shadow McDonald's 13 Domino's nine churches chicken eight. I didn't know any white people eight there Do they I would ask you if you've eaten at these places, but I never eat a church is actually really You know in church I heard they have a great Sunday buffet right before bingo Burger King eight play a tropical lead. I don't get that I thought everybody liked a little bit of that pork Minus sub seven checkers six armies five Papa John's five pizza hot five bow jangles for steak and shake for that is Taco Bell three Kentucky fry one Subways got one a day Thomas is smiling and heaven somewhere When these has got the big oh We're sports radio five season UAM States a girl school Oh All right, I Finally a music company is putting something besides beautiful music in the air Far clan music presents classic cuts featuring gut-wrenching tunes like feeling Classic cuts from far clan music gives you an extraordinary collection of haunting melodies that hang in the air Long after the tune has played No at a collection can hold a match to this version of memories Classic cuts from far clan music is the record offer you just knew had to come out sooner or later Especially when you hear your CD player expel on change melody Classic cuts from far clan music when you hear it you know there's nothing to do But crack a window and share the experience with others older today You're gonna be very excited to find out that the 11 in noon hour I'm playing bits Sweet and that great sweet Yeah, it is I was actually gonna do the whole two hours, but then I thought to myself But I would be very it would just be rude to have you come in and sit there with your big fat body for a whole two hours And just my playing comedy, but it's because it's kind of a Thanksgiving tradition on this show Now George will be out tomorrow the whole four hours tend to tune he will play the Crapitation contest during that time Somebody asked me yesterday if I all the way to know what the log is gonna look like because it's a long bit and that's We can't do it today because look at all the spots we got which is great somebody's rake it in some cash You know it not me Gotta have a lot of spots on here to pay my salary our current debut that takes a lot of clearance by the way to check in the bank It cleared thank you We got a lot of spots on here. I'll let maybe won't tomorrow. I don't know now. I'm looking at that schedule Am I and we got a big improvement in the early morning hours five to late absolutely Joe and Marka to be sitting in Now North Turner was on its seminar. They're gonna interview North Turner. Is that a pre-taped thing? How can it be how can it be huh? I don't think I can interview him because I mean it's dolphins are getting back late and all that stuff right in addition Which how could it be pre-taped because they don't be outcome of the game yet? Right so maybe they take two interviews One in case they win and which is unlikely any other one in case they get their asses kick which is Highly likely tomorrow. I mean this afternoon whenever it held it is oh you agree? Yeah You're probably gonna get their asses kicked. I mean parcels don't have a job there in Dallas. I don't want to get two sports intensive Man, but the cowboys look really really good they gave the paytrots around for their money. You know it Oh yeah, I know what was that was it 12 nothing was at the final score Pretty boring game. I came back game into Brown's game and those two games enough to make you want to cry But anyway, we like the exciting games like the one last week pulling out right out of your ass And the final seconds are gets used to against the little girls team the same team that beat the dolphins in my amy opening day by the way That's a bad news for you the cancer kid. Oh anyway, so Joe and Mark tomorrow started to say see how interrupt Myself and that waste a lot more time. Joe and Mark five to eight a major improvement Sitting in for the a dot-ring old man who no matter what time it gets back. He certainly won't be in no shape to be working tomorrow Plus he's doing a vlogging on Thanksgiving day, right? And we're delighted that he's out of town anyway Joe rose from a to 10 to big head and the big dog is gonna be on a to 10 George will be here attended to tomorrow and then looks like a a pristine schedule arrest today Mad dog two to four the Humper four to seven thirty. Uh oh four to seven thirty can happy right On that track is it must be an ESPN game or something like that because the panther game in Buffalo was at eight So panton previews at seven thirty in a bino cook show Is not what a humper five the six and we still have no idea why boys or anybody more boring than bino? No, no Here's the bad news the cancer kid and a Michael Jackson sex scandal is sick again and living in poverty Says the New York baby news while the stars handlers vowed to crush anyone whom malines the self-kinged Is the self-style queen or a king of pop Team him aside or they Hollywood comedy club owner who first brought together Jackson and the boy Visited the 13 year old a few days ago and was shocked He said oh my god He's only got one kidney and it's and by the way you ought to be listed this be speaking of only one kidney when you die a better kidney start going See that that's the only thing or work for you is a good scare I had it what was what was it five is not in touch of care when I had my appendix out no That wasn't from fat oh yeah, what's because my lungs filled up with fluid and surgery Why see Because of the fact that you're so fat right I was on a respirator was because you were gigantic tub and like if you Let's say your gallbladder goes next was your right head mine out but if your gallbladder goes next after have that out and they have to operate again That could be it that could be the last operation you'll ever need So think of that this afternoon when you get on a hearing you just on your way You know to just start shoveling all that crap downtown. Yeah This is that you got to be extra careful Because it's a bad bad Combination I don't care what they give you about wow, you know if you have that What what's that kind of dressing that stuffing they make would like corn bread or you know that supposedly really healthy or something Forget about that. I like regular traditional stuffing don't you? One I have no idea what you're talking about stuffing I like stuffing but I don't know that corn bread stuffing. No not corn bread. That's not right They're this some other kind of like it's supposed to be more healthy for you know sweet potato pie like a better Oh sweet potato pie big good for you like a big big help out of that Pucky pie too would like lots of whipped cream on top Not cool whip, but like the real real heavy heavy Anyway, this kids only got one kidney and it's failing him in part of his face is swollen up like jury Lewis Must have told the baby news yesterday his cancers and remission but he worries that the cancer comes back What's going to happen just like the beast worries if he has to have another operation what's gonna happen Well, they gave it like how many chances do we give you on balance for life? God, man, and you just you just kept taking with us man no matter how many times you beg me and it didn't I go to bed Every time you get to that food every single time I got to your little black sack and you said I prefer Clarence's sack better Anything give you a raise and I was the end of that really He said you give him a raise a rise doesn't take much I hear that he don't really have a penis. I don't want to start in with Clarence because my checks do show up on time He's not a bad guy, but the rumor I'm hearing is that he doesn't mean he's got like a strap on Massada met the boy three years ago to comedy camp. He runs for under perlose kids and said the funny sweet youngster termed everyone When the boy was diagnosed with cancer and given just weeks to live Massada, it only could have fulfilled his death bed Wish and arranged a meeting with Michael Michael bad move Now that the boys accused you and you notice how they're just trashing the families especially the mother Just trashing that's the technique always a tact of victim the accuser Now that the boys accused you act in molesting him at never land Massada is written with guilt and standing by the child and his family They're poor simple people he said the family has so little money that the boy and siblings were sleeping on the floor Until Massada took them a bunk bed. I sure hope Michael and sleeping with a boy and a bunk bed again There mother it's he seriously when you come right down to it. What kind of a 45 year old man sleeps with a 10 or 12 year old little boy? Just like Latoya said back in 1993 what kind of a 35 year old man because that's how he was 10 years ago What kind of a 35 year old man sleeps with a little boys every night including the was same kid 30 nights in a row huh 30 nights in a Rahame Latoya Yeah, bitch and now she says oh while I was forced to say all of those things and on jackboard and made me say this and made me say Right, they sure to got them pup on her tonight to go she wasn't read enough no 3 by 5 card She was spewing it out when it out. She was spewing it out But now she's haven't only got cut back in on the gravy trend a little bit so now she's dumbing up pretty good I don't want to let try to convert anybody Beast Anrobajaj is Joshua? No Good, that's good. We need to have one go in the acrimama we got George Olen Scar say Jesus box may be genuine something to think about beast though A purported first century inscription naming Jesus may or may not be the real thing but Israel's labeling of the find is a fake is premature Scientists in scholar set at a panel discussion it might be the real thing An issue is a limestone burial box or osuary with the inscription James some of Joseph brother of Jesus That emerged on Israel's antiquities market last year You know that's Jimmy Christ Jesus Christ. Oh Jimmy his brother You knew Jimmy Christ in you used to play for the Raiders If authentic the osuary would offer a rare physical link to the life of Jesus But Israel's antiquities authority declared the inscription are fraud all the way back in June Now they're trying to drum it up again just like that shroud of terrain remember that Did you ever see that? No the shroud of terrain you never saw that no I mean if that was a guy if that was a human if that was a person I mean you have you have to believe in fairy tales to believe that Just like you'd have to do to believe in religion Should I want to think about the beast it's good that he's Jewish because Junius is basically not a lot of fairy tales. It's mostly Culinary Like he'll's I'm freaking about vehicles bigals are very very bad for you bad cheese blenses also bad for very good hmm Matsubal soup semis Don't make a big semis about it Oh carrot semis Potato lock is very good well, what's not to like home and tasha non-porum And we're talking about the real good ones ones to fill with the Poppy seed not the ones with a prune Oh no, no, no, no, we saved the prune ones for a Absolutely are friend in a morning absolutely Oh, in fact somebody left some pruning shears to go along with them Man, see you really blew your opportunity had two thousand hours the guys always a thousand miles away in Dallas and you could have just ripped him in Asians I was really for Zach and yeah, you why were you waiting for that pussy? You know he's not gonna do it. He's still working on the show with a guy you can then he's at least got in their skills He's got to work with a guy starting Monday again, but you're not on that show no mole. I have to see him every morning with his Kangohat is new midlife crisis threats. Yeah, not now you get to you get a chance to observe because we know that Joe Rose hates more like poison I mean, that's like a legitimate hatred I might have to play that thing again the next hour But you get to to observe the crossover. Yeah, now one of the great stories of all time This is a true story is that the first day that Joe was in there doing his filling in permanent filling in eight to ten after four I got fired Joe had like a little list of things you wanted to talk about And he purposely left him on a counter in there and then walked away and most sat down to do his last segment and number four on the list was most wig is that correct that is correct Oh, always there is no crossover In other words, they have nothing to do with the film when Joe comes in in the morning He goes to the conference from to do prep for a show so he's nowhere near the studio Right so that he doesn't have to interact with him and his mole actually walk out before a big head Yeah, there's no interaction at all Joe Joe have us run that a little early. He'll stand in the control room until how it leaves the building excellent It's pure love anyway now you can actually take off if you want it I don't want it. You know like you can still get paid for it We won't see it on here that you're taking off because I'm just playing bits 11 and noon because I don't want you to drive I have work to do here anyways. I'll be here all sit around pretending you're working beast Is this thinking about our working tell parents that you're working on it Or David's a bitch Thanksgiving is a wonderful time with two gardens But some of us are shut out of Thanksgiving. I refuse to eat a turkey that died before it turned Now you don't have to thanks to Kivorkian tricky far Kivorkian that's a name I've heard before that's right at Kivorkian farms every turkey We sell it seriously ill before it ends up on your dinner table. Is that a good thing sure logic tells you that Sikkerk is a relative and less exercise means more tenderness well that sounds good But aren't you still whack an on before their time at Kivorkian Parts each turkey makes his own decision about winning how to go then and only them are trained Turkish side councillors step in to make sure that all goes Okay, I just keep a little turkey foot on the gas pedal and relax Kivorkian tricky farms where death is just the beginning of a great Thanksgiving dinner Tired of eating wholesome homemade tasting cookies and snacks then why not try something a little less Awesome and actually it's a whole lot less awesome right Introducing lepris farms fine family of diseased mini treats Separate it at lepris farm every treat is fresh kibal epicalony on the island of Burabara Hey, oh, I'm another box of lady fingers. Ah, I like a good idea And just wait to try tasty ear clays This is chocolate lip cookies and the classic lepris farm that goes and which right I'm a truly packed of boy it's sure does young fella next time you're at the store Pick up lepris farm special recipe tongue house cookies only cookie that tastes Yeah, thanks. I thought the cookies would you? Thanks, if no doubt about it Neckridge farms dismemberes He is the greatest Christmas entertainer the Lord Paul has ever known and All through this special introductory offer Jingel records bring you the magic of Elvis And my clothes I got one of it in those But there's one thing that you cannot do The rule around my communication Oh Elvis his music fills you with the true spirit of Christmas Some misses Santa bear Step in out of shower night. I know she thinks her hair. Oh, yeah, I saw Make this miss one that you'll never forget as Elf as sings about his special relationship with Santa He's a big bad guy and ran once you'd like Ironals because he thinks where can you get a North Pole? Don't be left out of the cold. This Christmas joined the legions who love Oh, fix Today's fast-paced world hope it's here. Hey, there's a thumb print on this report Do it again. Oh, yes, sir. Got a problem. No, sir. I'm under some pressure on you I feel like my head's gonna explode and ask for nothing to anything. Oh, here take some I view pro faith I'm your pro pain. Well, I'll try anything And dirty rotten son of a Who the Just he think he's talking to I don't make it little do his own report Whoa feel better. Yeah What's in I you broke through well nothing we could admit you on the radio except our secret ingredients screw them all Which eliminates any inhibitions you might have about say what's on your mind? Oh, here comes your boss look. I want this report done even if you have to work through your lunch hour It's worth a numb not what are you gonna get off your So do some work around here. Well, I see you take I'd be pro faith. Yeah, I take it too. You lazy pieces You don't be a scender and But critics agree this collection of holiday songs may very well be the most moving and memorable of all time Just Yes, candle wax music presents Elmer Fudz Christmas classics and this 24 record set is truly Incredible Oh what fun you have hearing these timeless classics perform by America's most beloved hot-air of web We're on the way knows when dear have a very shiny And if you ever saw it you would even say it well Elmer Fudz Christmas classics not available in stores and when you receive your set in the mail You'll know why oh, everybody. I show hope you like my Christmas classics So call three one 800 Oh I missed it so boring. Let's better than a live radio show every morning on TV Well just about anything but that hasn't stopped him as NBC from teeming up with radios original bad boy Who now looks like an F the old ring let's have a very I'm a cell I didn't turn this coffee Yes, every morning see I miss was new a table. Other people's County this live on the air I did a hammer to bite into those muffin also His wild behind the scenes added I'm an oil wallers cook hook at you and I get me some fresh coffee or your fire He's irreverent so I wasn't able to pull topical. No, I wasn't able this water game He's in coherent. I'll tell you why that's a double of a dozen Reins I'm a standy story and he's only on MSNBC a people channel nobody watches at a bunch of AM radio stations nobody listens to Some fresh jingles it's I'm a Now a phone conversation between Queen Elizabeth and the Arab parent her son Charles Hello, I am Charles Yeah, it's it's mom Mom What you call for good mom? I'm worried about you Charles Mom, you're currently calling me every day. I'm I'm very worried to call me like 10 times a day mom I've been having the newspaper here But they're the mirror. Yes. I don't read such rubbish Well, did you happen to see the front page? I didn't see it mom. I don't read such rubbish. I'll tell you it says is Charles by sexual Oh Is what is it true? Charles is the same on it's Charles by sexual What's it mean by that mom? It means you like the lashes and the lads I don't like the lads mom Don't cry mom. It's growing. It's based on crying. It's true. It's not true I knew I should have thought some when wrong when I caught you listening to clay I like it mom. He's a good singer I mean, that's all it was It all those Barbara strides and movies in the collection. Oh, I love to in yet. Oh, mom. That doesn't make me buy How's Harry Harry's fine with it watching him shower right now What are you crying mom? It's true. It's true. It's not true My sexual I am not by sexual. I don't have any sex the woman I'm dating mom looks like a horse I mean, she doesn't give it to me at all. You know that Is that why you go for the men? I do go for those dead So it's not true. I'm gonna be king of England Yeah, I should have worried about oh, you worry mom You'll be the king and the boy I can't continue this conversation any longer. I'm All right, my dates here your date the commander. I'm on in early. Who is that? So I just that friend is that Camilla? It's early. Ernie who's early? My friend early What's any we play here? People together mom you don't play for more We play games together. Well, I've got to go now I'm crying Oh, when he gets raped or plaster the phased on his nose will blow up the moon Everybody hates him except the handful of home home Swort holes and tall little great kids Grat the morning show that moves One day the well dressed red read as mojant to me My CTS needs a new headline You mind if I borrowed your veins to mine There's another line that goes here But I love how she rate with her fluency Mojau and Machie faster That's new That's the cranky The Turkey Return to Santa Return to Santa I got a sweat up from my grandma It was pink and black But don't worry be a heart pin Was given to the owner bash He wrote a heart attack Return to Santa Just send me cash Your tag is where Okay, me or Ash I got a fruit taken some plant pants Where it clipped this for my nose I'm no bottle of old spines For a dead iron rose He wrote a pond and returned to Santa Oh, who needs this job? But this is Christmas A really storm He wrote a pond and returned to Santa Don't mean to be rude But this Christmas I got screwed A return to Santa Return to Santa My and local We're sports video 560's you and you a M Oh Miami has the dolphins there the worst football team They club the ball from goal to goal like no one's ever seen They're there on the ground that's where they'll stay They're never in control No, and when you say Miami You're talking toilet holders there the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number How many jeans and a week? 32 Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Don't bet on them you'll always lose They don't know how to tackle They don't know how to block No, their coaches ought to tell them to put Sunday in their juxtapes Then they would run much faster And even in defeat When we go to the stadium we'll see Miami And there the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number How many jeans and a week? 32 Miami dolphins Miami dolphins The team that hasn't got a clue Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fence Just 50,000 as whole Sitting in the stands They watch the game and all they do is Mon and gripe and bitch I wonder how Joe Abbey got to be so god damn rich And there the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Oh, Ryan, he dolphins number How many jeans and a week? 32 Miami dolphins Miami dolphins I hear the crowd begin to boo The dolphins have faith feedler That quarter backs that you saw Run down the field and he will go up past Over you Or he'll never win a super bowl You shouldn't be surprised When he gets cut that does it mean that he was circumcised in there The Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number How many jeans and a week? 32 Miami dolphins Miami dolphins J calls his signals in Hebrew The dolphins have no defense and their offenses at joke Like George Bush eating pretzels You know they're gonna choke They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race With fewer points than Parkmarks on high singas Ugly face and there the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number All what the hell? 32 Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins now they're free All right Hey, would you like to become a sports cutter commentator on primetime television Then why not enroll in the Dennis Miller school of broadcasting Okay, please let's start at square one It's not a ball. It's a pig skin, okay It's not a play field. It's a great iron. It never ever call them a crowd when you can refer to them It's a teaming multi-tit if kinetic and enthusiast So, okay at the Dennis Miller school of broadcasting Learn how to fill time between plays with spontaneous down-deworth batter to which the working neck and easily relate Okay, class Repaid up to me. Here we come I am in scene blocking like that's is the capital recique Winston prayer combination At the Dennis Miller school of broadcasting Dennis Miller himself will teach you how to construct the entire sentence Using nothing but made up words man. Oh, well enough to taste just smell of prism of unfululated Ninety-sake so if you're a fan of such imaginary sportscasters is John McIntyre Bradshaw and John Meredith then you should attend the Dennis Miller school of broadcasting and become nothing like I folks I'm Dennis Miller and my new year this classes that start this week We'll have you on the air making references to the house of plant tagin it and just six weeks The Dennis Miller school of broadcasting and roll today before Dennis is on ceremony easily quite at the end of the season among folk music credits names are Peter Paul and Mary But before Mary there was Bob and now case mail records has discovered the lost tapes of Peter Paul and Marty To see Here's your chance to own a piece of musical history that didn't change the world but my hat if someone had ever actually heard it Peter Paul and Marley And Peter Paul and Marley every song strikes a chord every song warms the heart and every song contains the words God and I read Everything and there is also me Get to your music store soon and experience Peter Paul and Marley before it all goes up in smoke St. Music It's That's right for the time of students at the Jackson Five in the classic summer work Michael Jackson's bit of fit to her hands to please Michael Jackson Oh And be one of the five what the boys to receive backstage masses to hang out I'm hey, yeah, oh my god. Yes, Bobby. She is that your real skin color It's inside the counts. But I know it came that we can play to find out It's time to free Willie And here the rousing finale. Yes Michael sing the song he wrote for the show another world All right Here other great Michael Jackson classics white Billy's jeans You know how to tell time and of course smooth criminal This one is special five 60 WM don't forget join George and Josh tomorrow six to eight in the am and pants pro shops outdoor world Find 95 on Griffin road there'll be crispy cream donuts and coffee for the first 300 people beast is gonna be there There'll be cookies and punch while the last to fake sand will be there to molest your children You can spend a wheel and try to win some a low budget QM prizes and of course They'll have our best in the merchandise as well six to eight of our morning bass pro shop and that's an on any five and Griffin road Paul more take a days about crappy a junk food fast food joints Well, here's a place that's an alternative. It's vikker nerves fantastic from Rochester, New York right across the lake 34 or 1934's when he started and now the good news for you is vikker nerves is located on federal highway Just south of Broward, Florida, Montana on the east side the conerves is like a flashback in time before anybody even heard of these fast food Pre-Fab joint school and joy a real burger hot thork serve just the way you love it fresh and fast It can herbs uses the same fresh hundred percent ground shove meat as cheaper rich e-burger and offers you an incredible quarter-pound big fat hot dog to shove in your push as well And what separates the conerves from everybody else is that signature meat sauce They prompt up of all their burgers and dogs giving way kazotski in your mouth and unbelievable Combination of flavors. They got a great breakfast menu at vikker nerves too. I'm let's cook the order French toast pancakes on your favorite side dishes so stop by vikker nerves and see what it's all about vikker nerves on federal highway just south of Broward, Florida, the tunnel on the east side and be sure and tell that Neil Rogers from the 12 corners in Rochester Sent you by to vikker nerves And local Fandy West and as per our phone conversation I talk to Peter North yet today He tells me your real name is Neil down and he's still ain't interested in homosexuals are more popular than ever before and That's why TV has has colorized and whole sexualized to really classes for your viewing pleasure this weekend Sunday at noon enjoy a classic love story with a new twist It's William Shakespeare's time was tail Romeo and Julius Work for art. Romeo. I'm writing I be too There might be high-view Juliet places Oh This and three to the S presents one of moving them all time almost sexualized I'm home home. I've come to see the king and who are you? Why I mean I've been full moon don't visit this Sunday and next week is John Wayne in the fly-o-s My U.S. won't answer and the children's classic adventure TVS your entertainment alternative for alternative Would you ballable love? But no one crazy is super fun Posted my mistake from the factory If they ain't back to back a road in the heat God holds in the bed, she just keeps saying we produce That just goes down on their allowed to be My personal wife doesn't know my personal wife doesn't know Do they get a swollen heart while leaning out their guns? What's the wife's up to know my personal wife doesn't know what crazy is super fun Do they always have the fish on the tailgate of their truck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the hell? What the hell? What crazy is super fun? Do they stand in heat and sit back down and get in the heat? And watch it all down with a 12-pack of food There's a life of order of the heaven you do God always found a fun for a natural I love to know why I love to know why I love to know Yay I love to know why I love to know I love to know I love to know I love to know I love to know When you get your ego put some soy sauce on And go out and make your own I love to know Lunchtime over all the dinner now Four One of these thief's One of them Joel Schidades One door down torei Beyond the door And thus onehong You gotta come and kick it up! Yeah! I'll be just a back door. This is made of water to arm and toe. I gotta feel free to do it. How the heck I suppose to be the one to fool. If you can't even give me a pressing school you fool. What's this? Why you don't give me my sub packet? No my sub packet! To put on the speed to get it. My poor, he's gonna be real bad right. You let out my poor fryer, right? What are your tickets to bed? I bought me a new house instead of following advice. The way may not have been wise at least the house is nice. That's the painting and rewiring the world, but that's not all. On the can, I click this and go read upon my boss. Ow! How do you give you an update of what took place just now off the air? Because I think it's important to hear this. How are you just called the radio station? How are you, David? Who I get along with great? I thought he called me an asshole. Saying I was trying to stir it up. My point back to Howard is don't listen. Listen to 101.5, let me see what age group. 101.5 for Howard. Maybe 102.7. It's a measly listening love music. So you could focus on your wife and your family and the grandkids. Instead of listening and always calling the radio station. He's becoming Howard the caller, like Howard from Boca. Howard from Boca? It's like, you know, it's okay. So anyway, he's he's listening. So just want to get the message out and don't call my show too. Just for a record. Don't call off the air because I don't want to talk to you. And I don't want to hear you on the private line. Congratulations. You know the private line number. That's great. But don't call because you're not coming on this show. You've got your three hours five to eight. Monday, two Friday. You can talk all you want, but you're not coming on this show. And we'll leave it at that. All right. I got nothing against you. You seem like a decent person. And I know you've been getting that taken a big hit on the radio station from everybody else. But it's over. Me and you. Done. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. Why aim is. My aim is. My aim is. And your aim is. Our aimolutions are. My aim is. To my own backwards like Chris Crawl And every night I'm like oh, dinner mass Then fun at my ass Passes in a fat bitch who ate too fast Smell this honey Yo, wait a man's the girl I don't give a fuck God said me to stick the world up My aim is My aim is My aim is My aim is My aim is My aim is My aim is My aim is My aim is Sees who wanted me kicked out Back in junior high Said the problem was Something called up my ass and die I shot him in the face with my vapor The worst happened later When I covered his desk with used toilet paper Walking his strip club My intestines were filled up Move the bartender took a dump in a ticker Went over to a dance I had a fucking agar She lifted a leg up And I knew she was a father 99cm high five was lying to I just found out My mom got all gas and I do I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper They corrected about strange noises Made on my travel You know you would dare When the women rushed to leave They dragged up over back But she wasn't even relieved The sky at white castle Sad was pretty cool But I had to go Who dropped the kids off And boom My aim is My aim is My aim is My aim is My aim is My aim is My aim is My aim is My aim is My aim is My aim is 1140, 20 till noon at 560 WCN Do we have to like Are we business and network thing On the dolphin network It no one is just a QM We run a lot of spots Deal Does anybody know? Well At noon we have the countdown to kick out That's a local show up until about We don't really have to like the exact Right Because I don't want to like run into the network That would be bad No That would be kind of easy Actually Okay 143 votes on a poll What is the absolute worst fast food joint in Sound Floor To McDonald's 22 Miami subs 15 Church is chicken 14 Burger King 13 Should be doing a lot better than that Domino 11 RB10 Poitotropic L9 Pizza Hut 8 Checkers 8 Papa John 7 Bojango 7 Staking Quake is got 6 Kentucky Fry got 5 Taco Bell's got 5 That's on its own Separate Subways got 2 and when these finally got 1 Just because they don't want to be left out Hey if you guys feel left out Because you got a ball spot like the beast She had a ball spot on the beast Is from like the top of his head was toes Just a gigantic ball spot And you want to look silly like that That's okay You want to look even worse Like somebody we know We have a dead animal walking around on your forehead And like moving around all the time You can go ahead and do that But if you want to look really great Younger and better than you ever dreamed you could again Here's the H. You know what by now Check out Fieri Charles Alphiore's natural hairline system is amazing Because guess what it looks like real hair Like it's growing out of your scalp Like it's part of your hairline is opposed to Some grow test thing died on your forehead And you have nothing lose but your ball spot Because here's the deal with Charlie Everybody gets his 30 day guarantee How many days? Not 30 man If you don't love the way it looks in fields and spells after 30 days If you're not getting all kinds of action Charlie we find it when no questions has No problem. Oh, and don't forget when you mention the arages When you make this call you get two hundred bucks extra Off the already low price So get your hair back once and for all look like a mince Call toll free 1 800 3212413 1 800 3212413 And look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again Or log onto their website at Charles Alphiore.com And log on This is for 2550 2 8 2 8 2 8 2 8 2 8 2 8 2 8 2 8 2 8 2 8 2 8 2 8 2 8 2 8 3 8 4 8 3 8 4 8 4 8 4 9 4 8 4 8 4 8 4 9 4 9 4 10 3 9 4 8 4 9 4 9 4 8 4 9 4 9 4 9 4 9 4 9 4 9 3 8 4 7 3 8 4 10 4 10 4 9 4 9 4 8 4 9 4 9 4 9 4 9 4 9 4 10 And someone who's was more in love with tidings than your head. What a festive season. Someday you'll be dead. Dead, dead, dead. Someday we'll be dead. Dead, dead, dead. Everyone you know, dead. A very merry Christmas to you. Dead, dead. Are you sure? Merry Christmas everybody. Well, like you, like a room of... As here is the king. I know I haven't been around much for a while, but I want y'all to know what up here in Rocker-Roll haven't. I'll be a thinker to be a Christmas. And I could give y'all a special Christmas message. I'll miss a decrease. Like, uh, how about a little piece of that pie going by? Thank you. Like, everyone. A lot of old friends. Christmas is a time of hoot. It's time of joy. A time of 11. And I sure would love it. Take slides that feature you got there. Like it. What will life? Or what will life? Oh yeah, Christmas. The Christmas to me means family. And family means friends. The friends means getting together. And getting together means eating. I'll pass me that tongue to take which place. All like it. I'll remember. I'll just go and say to you right now. You know, I may be a big star. Maybe too big. But ain't nobody so big. You can't reach out to help in the hand. I don't know. Helping a hand. Well, would you hand me a help in those mashed potatoes over there? Which is please? Pleasure. Pleasure, I'm on. Now like I was playing with him. Ain't nobody so big. He can't. He's stooped to help a friend in the need of where the holiday season. Let's speak in a season. Won't pass me that self-shaker when you get a chance. Like it. Yeah, just, just don't screw the color. That's like, I don't know. So this Christmas. Why don't you all take a tip from old AOS. Not all, leave those stick to it. Right where we are. You know what I mean? You know, I appreciate it. Like it. I want you to remember. For all part of God's great big family. And you know, God made man into his own image. And look at the mirror. I'd have say God must be a big, big, simple thing. You know what I mean? I'll like it here. But I especially want you all to remember this one last thing. And you all that home is Christmas. Sturgeon that popcorn up on the free. Save a big, big bowl for the king. Extra butter. You know what I mean? I'll like it here. Like it. I'll get it right back. Our God there, lifting, jocce. We're in full and new, gone king. We would believe there never been said. With best speech and bad demand. Christmas, joy, they're barely braving. That will sprue and those instinct. Jesus truly did us wrong. When he begged the same person. We fought the error that came to us. For me, you know, for me. I heard there is no Christmas in the silly middle east. No trees, no snow, no Santa Claus. They have different religious beliefs. They believe in Muhammad. And not in our holiday. And so every December I go to the middle east. Ah. Hey, our Mr. Muslims. Mary, fucking Christmas. Put down that book the Quran. And hear some holiday wishes. Think, I see who haven't noticed. This Jesus has birthday. So get off your knees and muslim. As if fucking sell up right. There is no holiday season in the upper herd. They don't hang up their stockings. And that is just absurd. They never read a Christmas story. They don't know what rootoff is about. And that is why in December I'll go to India. And I know. Hi, Mr. Hinduist. Mary, fucking Christmas. Three Kingdoms. And eat some beef and pass it to them. Hey, Kaisu. Haven't noticed. Jesus has birthday. So get off your knees and Hindu. And sell up right. Now I heard that in Japan. Everyone just lives in sin. They pray to several gods and put needles in their skin. On December 20, all they do is eat a cake. And that is why go to Japan and walk around. Bye. Hi, our Mr. Shinto. Let's very, fucking Christmas. God is going to kick your ass. You in the yellow, the takings come. Kaisu haven't noticed. There's best things I can do. So let's all rejoice for Jesus Mary. I'm Christmas Day. I travel around the world and say. I was Christmas bonus. And all you ate is two. Mary. Fucking Christmas. Tell you. Yeah. My name is local. This is five-sixty. Three of those yours. Chewy. The Middle Eastern world. We'll be exploded to dominate people killed. With the gas that we sold him. First time a grisher nation and the only one that's going. Now more blood will be spilled. To get that oil going. Forget about Korea. The nook they're toasting and the right. We, this really. The nook they're toasting and the right. Queen is really in it. All the ripples that are in too are hit. Daddy rack has some. Whip things up past the structure. The film will be on the key. Three thousand people killed. Our now-per-gotten, let's exploit him instead. Eight, there's oil to be caught in. Going after Saddam too, playing Kato's sama, there's no longer mention of the name in Laudon, but no, it's Seaf Concerned all, Humphrey and complacent, believe in every word of this cartel in administration that controls us by fear through the E.M. manipulation and the right wing is streaming it over and over and over to our heads. Dad, I rag, has some weapons of mass destruction. The loss of civil rights is the right that we're paying. We're all suspects now, not the ash from this sand. I have nothing to hide. Table partners all are saying, I know BD and Kato don't have any reservations. Without a provoked satellite, world annihilation, hold machines must fall and have a virgin installed. With no objection at all, tell the crap don't have the palms and the right wing is really hit over and over and over and over to our parade wash pants. I rag, has some weapons of mass destruction. Only I rag, has some weapons of mass destruction. Bye, bye, bye.