This is funny, but I was looking at the radio, it's good I can hear the word asshole. He's the one he gets. Now that I've only won it did take a run. Don't worry about it, she's gone. We got it. That will help you and say, you got it. We won't let hack this song all of a sudden. We got it. We're all supposed to like it. We say, my new love is what they got here to believe. And they're really dumb, but a little home party called to believe. You believe in the name of the name. What they say and they say, like the girl, I'm a killer wolf. I've been in the relationship, I'm scared of the girl. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. Let's tell him on your knees, we got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got the trends coming out. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. I. Listen and listen and listen and listen and listen and listen and listen on other states. Tucker is a poet. He had or went to use a script like you were for a comics. But it's a comforting key for his title. He was too to continue on his story. Also countenLetter to travel. On one cover they could run them again. How many votes did we have yesterday? of the eight. Greatest active hypocrisy Rush Limbao illegal pill popper. Wins hands down 421. Nobody can touch Rush. This crown hates the old Rushmeister. Races Drom Thurman Fathered Illigim and Black daughter 268. She wasn't really Black. She was kinda like Mocha. Coke booze down George W. Bush lectures about morality 241. Reverend Jesse Jackson Father's Illigim and child, the old love child, 146. Jim Baker Rips off his father was turned out to be a pervert. 89. Jimmy Swagret sins with Hookers 53. Feline Dury represented of Henry High, like his Platinum Rally 52. I guess they don't remember Henry High and that poor guy out in Western whose wife Henry stole and lied about it and said he wasn't married. They don't remember that. Do they? No. No. How soon they forget? Just like they probably don't remember the guy damn butterfly ballot and Theresa Lapore and Palm Beach and the old Jews voted for Papuaí can and probably most of whom are dead. And in last place, born again, see, I mean the geezer. He got a few votes. He got seven, but he small potatoes compared to these other guys. Born again, John, the Beezer van Beezer recalls one of his suppliers his goalie, a nigger and then got the kicked out of the league. Seven. Out of 1278. So Rushmeister hands down your pants. Now get you the Michael Jackson thing. Actually, the thing that our first pull deals with is John Hinkley. You really got to wonder. I mean, what's it all about? How can they possibly be letting this man go unsupervised, especially in 1999 after they first they decided this once before and then four years ago he started like right in the Jodi Foster again. First of all, let's just take your right off the bed. Any guy that's obsessed with Jodi Foster just in that tent he's a little bit off. Like you just expect maybe Scott Jr. He's the kind of guy you're expected to have like a Jodi Foster grow up to somewhere. Right? Oh, I'm telling you, he's exactly the kind of guy. I hope that QA in plan doesn't cost him a lot of money because he's the kind of guy that you just expect one of these days is just going to like be a suicide bomber in a QM van. You just know it. Right? He's he's going to go into some office building somewhere and lock himself in with like two AK47s. It just to start just blowing everybody away. I'm telling that's got you. I'm probably probably this building. He seems like the type. Well, that's what Markov is not to be. Then I go Neil. Thank you. Anyway, so we're going to send him out. Miguel. Oh, that's right. No, we're sending him. We're sending him right across the street where he can't get lost. That was my idea. My thinking that we usually do pretty good in that hood because there's a lot of money in the neighborhood. A lot of people got some leftover from their drug deals. So I'll write over there by Chuck's on the sub center. A corner of Ivory wrote in 441. Look for the QM van. We'll be giving you a TVA the a time with our best in Neil merch. A nice and you've also dropped out some toys for Joe and Mark's toy drive what is it for? The Joe de Lajas. He's your manager's children hospital. New and unrap toys are like no stuff animals. All right. Yeah. What was the rationale for that with a one stuff animals? It's because Scott keeps doing it because some kids have allergies to the what's in the stuff animals. Hey, listen, you'll take whatever we give you. Okay, kids don't be choosing. Anyway, speaking that, King of Pop. This is amazing. A new y'r post exclusive this morning. The King of Pop is restarting himself. Jack O. X. Michael Jackson last night became a member of the nation of Islam and sources told the post this religious change over comes along with a shake up of his personal stand. So you don't want to say they're going to make it into a raffle thing. Hi, ranking members of the nation of Islam and the working to bring Jackson into the Reverend Louis Furrachan's flock and Jackson's conversion as well known now in the N.O.I. the nation of Islam community exactly why Jackson converted wasn't clear to the post sources. But Fox News's website reported yesterday that Jackson's brother, Germain, who converted to Islam in 1989, has been seeking to win favor with his more famous sibling, in other words, he wants back on a gravy train and his broadfair accounts chief of staff, Leonard F. Mohamed, ended Jack O's interstircle as a body guard. That's just one of many changes underway in Jackson's interstircle sources said. Word of Jackson's religious conversion comes as prosecutors prepared to formally file charges against him and a California child molestation case and as authorities agreed to return Jackson's passport to him so he can travel a great Britain this weekend for two and a half weeks. He'll be back, honey. Well, maybe. No. Jackson isn't expected return till January 6th lawyer said in court papers they also agreed to put off his agreement for five days. Kill January 16. He's got doons in Britain. Maybe he and Prince Charles are getting together. Although there's talked that some in Jackson's camp ought to replace defense attorney Mark Geragos that must national Yodh asshole, the high-priced Hollywood attorney appeared in a firm control yesterday and met privately enough to know what said of Herbert County District Attorney Thomas Stedon. Stedon said he plans to file the charges personally, disaffed and known for a clock Eastern time at the courthouse in Satamadiya, California. The king of pomp has vigorously denied the molestation charges, LA County Social Awareness just goes away. No. That said, of Herbert County Sheriff Jim Thomas said he believes the alleged Santa Barbara County molestation took place after that LA County probe. See, that's going to be the thing we're going to be looking for is the date because the initial probe, if you're part of the expression took place in February of this year and they're going to say that, oh, I guess what? All of these charges took place post that date post got it. Yeah. So I'm sure that we're all going to be sitting around with our fit in Jerry's fish food coffee, coffee crunch. You like the coffee, coffee crunch? That's my new favorite. Yeah, better than the stuff I had last time. Oh yeah, and Beast had some stuff last night. He had some of that really good low carb ice cream. You should have gone to the lights and gotten their carbolite. I don't think that has any of that stuff in it, but Beast went to the supermarket and got some low carbolite. I screaming after he ate it. He thought, well, I better look at the ingredients and the first ingredient is he dropped the container on a floor on a way to the magic room. He heard out to me, servitile. I scored Beast, oh. So he's about to pound and have a lighter today. Hello, way to do it. Probably it's after 10 at 560 WC, a big day man, get the cakes ready in the party favors and the balloons and all the other good stuff. Get Carlos from out front, they're eating voter balloons. No. Big news, Hallith Pontiac, he said he'd share like to blow yours up. Hallith Pontiac, EMC is now auto city Pontiac, EMC, oh, pinecrisis, expect the same great Neil deals and customer satisfaction you're accustomed to for about the 5,000 years when they were called Hallith Pontiac. And right now it auto city of pinecrisis and into the your crew and Sarah law all remaining, 2,000 trees in stock take advantage of 0% financing for up to 72 months or save up to nine grand with rebates and incentives. I'll say it again save yourself up to $9,000 at auto city attention lease customers ask auto city of pinecrisis about their lease full of early termination program and there's even more great Neil deals the never at the brand new auto city Pontiac GMC of pinecrisis for a limited time to sign and drive home your new GMC Sierra with absolutely positively of salute and no money down. It's the new auto city Pontiac GMC of pinecrisis. Sing great location, no 134.01 South Tixie Highway that's you us want to cross from the falls open every day of your life seven days a week. If you want more info call the Neil deal hotline toll free one triple eight five three four forty two eleven that's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven all opposite credit approval see the folks at auto city for details the brand new auto city Pontiac GMC of pinecrisis low prices without the high pressure we're sports video five six UAM A stench of palmanor covers over this performance by the dolphin here I You and I went to the bar we drank some whiskey from the jar we got drunk all over town then I asked you to go down you go to like a master but soon there was disaster the food share went down easy now you're saying you're crazy it felt good just like it should but then it's done because you would drunk you spilled your guts puking on my knife there's drunk in horror is really black I woke down too see her less neck head come right back puking on my sack I thought I could get a decent homer but dinner on my bone her is a bomber now my lap is full of crap because my monster took off your tonsils fill your guts puking on my knife I was hoping for a decent pj hey but now I am wearing Chinese buffet all my mones were getting louder now my lap looks like crème chousel nasty slut puking on my knife I should hand help that my frost you will love to have lunch now my love has turned to his cause oh you can't my knife jumping all your lunch you can't I know all right then I came at five sixty wqm happy chinuka merry Christmas jappy new year and all those other religious things aren't they all about new year ain't it is as a matter of fact isn't it because the juice got through a new year and the chinese got there's everybody's got their own different thing anyway we already got 40 votes on the new pool just a astonishing and shocking to me there is another category I would have put on there but the beast and the Josh do need the secret service knock it on the door the studio do they so I'm gonna put it on there thanks anyway here's the uh pull the first one we got another one coming up later what's your take on the decision to allow john hankley to have unsupervised trips only in america well i'll read you the result of so far because it's already on there nice going on there only in america it's insane 22 why not he's been declared fit 10 he should have been executed seven that's what i voted should have been the offed and who's john hankley one out of 40 but there's Chris darting the one extra charge nice down on oj by the way Chris you have a minor perhaps the alicristen what do you think of Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Chris well you know that in and of itself in terms of it being the charge defense is minor you know that is contributing to that's the problem doing it with minor that don't give a sh**k okay Chris just come down so that's our first pull question today on america it's insane why not he's been declared fit he should have an executed in who's john hankley it's just uh amazing the kind of craft that we'll turn loose out there in the streets and just like to think with Michael Jackson they're gonna file the formal charges for this afternoon and they're gonna say oh and uh we agreed to give you your passport back and you go to Britain for two and a half weeks and we're sure you'll be bad right i can just envision another oj again can't you only this ain't gonna be a bronco chase up and out of her shoe highway it'll be more difficult than looking for a scotch junior in the middle of uh he's back a federal judge said yesterday that the man who shot president ragan could make unsupervised visits with his parents away from the metal hospital where he's lived for more than two decades a justice department official speaking of course like everybody does on condition of an enemy said u.s district judge Paul Friedman issued the order granting john hankley juniors request hankley 48 is lived at saibless of its hospital in Washington since he was acquitted 1982 by reason of insanity in the shootings of ragan presidential press secretary james brady and two law enforcement officers ragan was nearly killed and brady was permanently disabled hankley said he shot ragan to a press actor jodie foster uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh during five days of hearing psychiatrists testify for inkling the government of hospital said his mental health had improved to the point where he wouldn't be a threat to himself or a visit he would leave the hospital for visits with his parents but government lawyers opposed to the request insisting that the would be assassin was still dangerous and trying to deceive his doctors hospital officials have said there have been no problems with hankley on a supervised trips such places as a bowling alley the theater and a shopping mall the secret service watches hankley whenever he leaves the hospital grounds the psychiatrist said allowing hankley leave unsupervised was the next step in his recovery from his mental illness ragan's family and brady's wife sir brady of a poting please request sir brady sent letter to the judge ragan's children patty davis and ronrigan junior made their opposition known in the media. In fact ronior junior is doing uh he's dancing a tap dance and all of the place right now he's so pissed off and fired up can you just see him in his valley tits again ronrigan junior? and the nanny was pissed off and fired up too she said just say no to jon hankley junior and they didn't do it it didn't just say no like anybody else nobody else just says no because nancy says so but they won't do it see this business about this all the psychiatric stuff is all about your bull crap you do realize that don't you why because it is how about how about Ted Bundy was he saying no no how about Charles Manson is he saying no no how about so what's the difference in other words when somebody this business of the insanity play just like they travel to sleep malvo who by the way is going to get the he's going to get his uh it's full crap it's just an excuse no if we really cared about mental health in America and we wouldn't execute anybody because nobody in our right mind can do the kinds of things what about john Wayne gasey was he saying no course not crazy person how about uh who do we just actually with the aerocoloma city what that was his name come on don't have any idea who blew up the goddamn federal building in Oklahoma city that we executed not that long ago come on let's go base cheese uh come on I can picture him you can do it he used to play for the rams tight end used to be a center for the maple leaves I can't come up with it oh my you can't come up with it you see what kind of a radio station among folks hey I left the other one me girls here with the this is Miguel Miguel Miguel Miguel unless it is the name ends in zero he wants to head a date with today I mean I'm going to go and go and go and do you know this he's not happy I read it about he's not happy with what that I read and I'm like it's a big surprise like it's a big secret that just because he looks good that's how mean he's not a dodo burr we know how bright he is the the idea is a tall lake he's got brown hair I can't picture I can't go oh Miguel no it's a change since I was executed right glasses yeah I okay well I'm what will keep I will let you keep working on it I'll work on it was he saying no did we fry him yes how about they're the unit bomber head cousin ski was he saying no no so this business about well the insanity playing our businesses to rehabilitate him that's full crap that's not the way to justice system works at all by the way honey yes Timothy McVey Timic very good now who told you yeah he went out to the hallway he stuck his head out there so Timic Veyne wasn't even speak Spanish I like that talk when I'm per Miguel now speaking of crazy people where we send and Scott Junior I think you just got the facts I just got the facts oh he reached right back here and here it is in my hand right now it doesn't say though it just has a big question mark we have to decide what we're going to send uh lost in space we already decided I just got to announcing it only moments ago process three I thought he just asked yeah cross the street to the corner of the 441 and I was very road right by Chuck Subsa is Miguel already forgotten that we discussed it before the show asshole no no he didn't forget it was my dad I see from now to when he went over there realize it'll take him like at least 30 seconds to get across the street and make that left turn from whatever he gets there to two well that's not good enough let's let's not jerk the audience around you can jerk Scott Junior around believe me that don't take much but don't you know let's give them some idea when he's going to be there so they will come driving from the hinterlands to pick up our merchandise and make a nice donation and then find out that he's not there somewhere let's say 11 o'clock okay he's not here yet so we have to wait for uh Scott Junior to get here anyway he'll be there sometime as soon as he finds his way to work and he'll be there till two o'clock right across the prestigious QM studios right across from Kentucky fry over to a Chuck Subsa in around a corner of 441 lives very road going get a uh substance but sister from Chuck's wider waiting it's good guy later today Josh Cortis will have the best of stuff with him at Tony Rome was 79 lug them in US one in South Miami right by the old WNWS studios in that old beauty parlor where they started holding up the uh convenience to across the street every other night after the mario bolt left out and don't can be started on and again and then tomorrow boy this will take this'll kill a horse to the show this promo page we got 48,590 which means we're just 1410 bucks away from 50 grand for a band of par rescue that's about half about I hope for but you know something the way things are going with charities this year and everybody's tied with a cash I'll we'll take it and then of course whatever else comes after that that's like the gravy train right it's like they're frosting on the old cake we got the cake yet to celebrate for the big rating party this afternoon no you ought to get some food in there I don't want to meet like force feeding but I'm as fat as a pig I got to admit I just have ballooned up like a cow I hate to say that but it's true and it's the beast working with the beast all week has inspired me to do it noon to two tomorrow you got little George who's on vacation but still the yoman that he is because he needs the cash to be working noon to two he'll be at four-later nail Harley on federal just south of open park full of art also free food from Atlantic City subs is well tomorrow noon to two with George I'm four-later nail Harley in tonight the joan march show uh starting at two and a morning is live from Camping Aguana and they'll be collecting toys all night long and throughout the day they'll seven o'clock tomorrow night new and unwrap toys to benefit the jodemazio children's hospital and because they've baked and pleaded we'll put them on here for about 30 seconds tomorrow how many seconds about 30 minutes and I'll be more than the 10 28 at five sixty wqm hits the 25th anniversary sale going on right now at brand issues in pop and obiege you always save a ton of cash there because and that's why they've been around so long they give you unbeatable prices the top brand names and a business to slap on your feet friendly personal service to make sure you get a perfect fit every time they got rock ports echo's mafisto timbulin clerks floor shime s a s all the top names and a shoebanness and they got as far size as are concerned you couldn't beat them with a stick they got men size six to 15 women's five to 12 which from the very narrow to the very wide so no matter how big or smaller stranger peculiar your foot is they can slap something on it for a perfect fit brand issues there's still that's in great location 12 night in the 12 90 north federal highway pop and obiege open monday through Saturday 9 to line in every Sunday 10 to 5 and during their 25th anniversary sale is really a great time to buy floor shimes at brandies because all this week at brandies use they've 25% off on all men's outstanding floor shime styles so stop into brandies this week for sure or check them out in the web at brandieshues.com I want to bang you in the butt honey you believe in timble y aquela Oh all in AB Okay TA IT White Blancest floor man We'll keep the chair warm instead, we'll keep the rest of the day. I've annoyed about the USA, heard a rumor that he might be gay, according to my faulty A. I hate the government just as much as most of you. But I'm not even a rental I have a white you. I'm not a selfish man, I'm not a selfish man. I'm not a selfish man, I'm not a selfish man. I'm not a selfish man, I'm not a selfish man. I'm not a selfish man, I'm not a selfish man. I'm not a selfish man, I'm not a selfish man. I'm not a selfish man, I'm not a selfish man. I'm not a selfish man, I'm not a selfish man, I'm not a selfish man. I'm not a selfish man, I'm not a selfish man, I'm not a selfish man. Let me say it again, if you're not across the street by 1045. Excellent. Getting in the van first to be a good idea. Anyway, the Q&A will be on the corner, I was very road in 441 from about 1036 until 2% knew with our vestinium merchandise and also dropped by your toys for Don Mark. Anyway, see, there's a pissing contest between a misfudge and Bill Oraley. About who sold the most books and who's the biggest liar who's compulsive and all this other crap. And Araley says that let's see, there's no other cure than the Kill Mad Roger. Araley said, I'm as dismorning. What a couple of, it's like a snipped pit is what it is. And what caused all of this is because Bill Oraley's usual is a liar. Everybody knows that. Mix crap up. On NBC's today's show Monday this week, he says, Oh, we outsold Frank and all over the place. We're running against Hillary from most copies of nonfiction books sold this year. Guess what? This never lied. Bill Oraley. Guess what? The top selling nonfiction book of the year is going to make you want to die. The sound beats die it. My parents are on it. One of the biggest frauds, it's just a cheap rip off of the Ankins died. It's the most stupid. I've got the book right in the other room. I bought it. You might dad lost nine pounds the first week. Whew, well good for him. So in other words, your whole family is fat. My, you know, he's big. What is that fat? He's not like me. Fat, not completely overweight. My mom has a fat family. My mom lost 80 pounds when she was younger. She's not. She also was fat. Fat runs in your family. And that's why they're forced to pay you. And want to keep you fat, which is why you screwed us over and balanced for life. So that's not a whole bunch of times. I'm sorry to me. Even though we're making this way. You're trying to get a question. First of all, the problem is you're afraid to be a thin. See, I'm not. What do you mean afraid to be thin? You're afraid to be thin. What does that mean? It means that you're afraid you, you, you, you cling to your fat. Because you want to be this waddling little, fah, around because you're afraid that you might actually be physically attractive. I know you got that hot date tonight. I do nothing's nothing's going to happen. She couldn't find it if she had if she borrowed Scott Junior's search party. She couldn't find it. She said she's all about personality. She said she said she could find it. Now, she didn't say that. Well, she hasn't tried to look for it yet. It's only the first time. Believe me, trust me. She couldn't find it with both hands. Anyway, South Beach died. And number two, purpose driven life. I have no, that's another one. It was stupid. Living history by Hillary Clinton. Number three, a million over a million copies. I have mine right here. I bought that. So I bought two of the top three. In fact, let's see. Four. Five. I've bought five of the top eight selling books this year. That's amazing. Because I don't really buy a lot of books. I like to get them for free. Living history by Hillary happened. Readin' from it on the air a few words here in here. And that was enough. All the midway solution by Fat Filma Graf, total phony, total fraud. Lies in the lying liars who tell them, Al Franken's number five. I got fire out selling Bill Riley. A Franken's book, 674,000. Oh, Riley, 430,000. That's number six. Who's looking out for you? And way behind Hillary. Not even just over half. And in fact, less than half of what Hillary's a sold. And due to his my country's number eight, Michael Moore here in 65,000 copies. Anyway, the big story of before the big story, US soldier killed an ambush in Iraq. And American soldier was killed an ambush in Baghdad yesterday. The first American combat related casually since Saddam Hussein was captured. A US Central Command statement said the soldier from the first armoured division was ambushed while on patrol in the Iraqi capital. Another soldier and a Iraqi interpreter were wounded. The new story of the day 911 Chairman says attack was preventable. Sawed on the CBS evening news last night. You see it? No. For the first time, the chairman of an independent commission investigating the September 11 of the attacks is saying publicly that 911 could have been should have been prevented. Reports CBS news correspondent Randall Pinkston. This is a very, very important part of history. And we've got a telewriter Thomas Kane. As you read the report, you're going to have a pretty clear idea of what wasn't done or what should have been done. He said, this was not something that had to happen, meaning 911. A funded by the Bush administration, Kane, a former Republican Governor of New Jersey, is now pointing fingers inside the administration and laying blame. There are people that if I was doing the job with certainly not be in a position they were in at that time because they failed. They simply failed Kane said. To find out who failed and why the commission is navigated to political landmine threatened to subpoena to gain access to President's stuff, a secret daily briefs. Those documents may shed light on one of the most controversial assertions of the Bush administration that there never was any thought given to the idea that terrorists might fly an airplane into a building, which is even a bigger lie than the ones that Bill Arale tells. I don't think anybody could have predicted they would try to use an airplane as a missile, a hijacked airplane as a missile, said National Security Advisor, Condolese, or Rice on May 16, 2002. That lightweight bitch. Oh, you can't say that it's Dr. Rice. She's a very distinguished lady. Dr. Rice, like I said, that miserable lying bitch. How is it possible to have a national security adviser coming up and saying we had no idea they could use planes as weapons? When we had FBI records from 1991 stating this was a possibility, so Kristen Wright-Wiser, one of four New Jersey widows, who lobbied Congress in the President to appoint the commission in the first place. The widows want to know why various government agencies didn't connect the dots before 9-11, such as warnings from FBI officers in Minnesota and Arizona about suspicious student pilots. If you were to tell me that two years after the murder of my husband, we wouldn't have one question answered. I wouldn't have believed it, right Wiser said. Canadmits, the commission also has more questions than answers. Ask whether we should know at least if people sitting in the decision making spots on a critical day are still in those positions, canad said, yes, the answer is yes and we will. Canadmits, the commission's major revelations in public testimony starting next month from top officials in the FBI, CIA Defense Department, National Security Agency and maybe President Bush and former President Clinton, how do you like that? That's the story of today, make no mistake about it. So all of this other window dressing, all of this shadow boxing, all of this bull crap, this bait and switch that they did for most somatosonomal scene, this is all just a diversion and it's working great by the way, everything they do works like magic, like a charm. Huge spike in a president's popularity will get to that huge spike way up there because the public man already just show most pictures over and over again, they're looking for the license in the here and they got the tongue to press it in air. We got him, we got him and that's it. Because the public reacts to a cockat, that's all they're too busy with bull crap. 134 votes on a poll, what's your take on the decision to allow John Hingley to have unsupervised trips? Only in America it's insane, 77 and you're right, he should have executed 26 and you're right, why not he's been declared fit, 23 and who's John Hingley, eight, whose Tim McVay, the beast voted for that. You wouldn't know Tim McVay if he came in there right now, I don't know. I would know Tim McVay, I'm not. Would you? If they dropped his ashes on a plate in front of you, you'd probably put some ketchup on it, eat it. Tasty. At least it wouldn't make you crap like that ice cream. What kind of was it? Is there a brand new called Carb Smart? I don't know these act. Not so smart, I guess. They were smart because they pedaled it to your fat ass and you weren't so smart because it's in great quiet. I mean, if you eat that stuff and then you lose it, you wouldn't know. Do you have any idea what that does to your inner, man? Can't be any worse than I've done to my inner. Tears your guts out. No, I'm serious. Let me say it again, do not. If you have sensitivity, those sugar or alcohols as they call it. We've got three grams of that sugar alcohol stuff and it. Actions and doldres, crann and now do the ice cream in at least taste good? No, it tastes like a fake, you know. See, that's not a big deal. But the actons and doldres bars are dealicious. It tastes like a cross between snickers and ohingery. Right. I mean, I've had the indulged peanut butter cups that are tasty too. But these are all, forget about those. These are sensational. How about my man? I had four of them. They're the size of your thumb. They're like the little tin-it-tiny mini candy bars here. Sure. If you get in the bag of a thousand, right. So that's size. So I had four of them. I figured this is a nice meal replacement. And then I look at a back in a box and it says, Maltutal and big juganic, not really in little tiny letters. They don't warn you. And I thought to myself, you know something, I hope Dr. Reckon's has a bad fall. That's how pissed off I would. I mean, I had two hours of the most, I don't want to keep rehashing it. So to speak, two hours of the most moving experience in a history of my life. Oh. 1042 at 560 WQM, let me tell you about a fabulous place to take your automobile. EF Taranautar Repereo, Final Met 583 North Federal Highway, just a mile and a half North Assemble Road in Pompeo Beach. The EF Taranautar Repereo, experience the different that experience makes. All EF mechanics know their stuff and their ASC certified technicians. Current with all the latest technology and most of them with the EF team from almost 20 years. In fact, the EF team has got over 200 combined years of experience, like I said, they know what they're doing. Need to know World Change right now, stop by EF and ask them about their Neil Rogers. 1295 oil change specialty. Hear in me right, for only 1295, you get a complete oil change. The EF team only uses the best parts and top of the line cash drold GTX motor wall. You couldn't even buy the parts for this amazingly unbeatable, low price of only 1295. EF Taranautar Repereo, the 5083 North Federal Highway in Pompeo Beach, called 954-426-9926. That's 954-426-9926. When you talk to our friends, they'll be sure to ask them about their 90 day same as cash, no interest credit card too. EF Taranautar Repereo nationally known as one of the most successful automotive or purpose facilities anywhere in the entire USA. And please don't forget, ask them about that. 1295 Neil Rogers oil change specialty. EF called 954-426-9926. 595 in local. Hear sports video 560-U. UAM. God, come and listen to my story about a man named kid. A Harvard graduate here in Voices in his head. And then one day he was feeling kind of weird. He moved to Montana. And grew himself a beard. Crazy that is. Cycle path. Strange eyes. Well, the first thing he knows, he begins to brood. Ken folks said, yes, that's the utibommer dude. Said California's where the trials gone on to be. So they loaded up the shack again. And moved it carefully. Exhibit a jury pose. Where's men? His lawyer says that 10th of crazy is. If you don't believe it, jazzed. Read his manifest. 10th says he did it. Cause he hates technology. And that's why he mailed all those people. Pay it. Pay it. Mail call. Letter bomb. Duffy cook. Well, now it's time to sing about it. 10 years of fans. He's like a thank you folks for paying me. Expansed. You're all about it. Back again. This is a locality. To buy the first edition of his autobiography. Soon to be a movie. HBO. Jerry Springer. Y'all, come in now. You hear? All right. You're almost like a actress need. What? A good psychiatrist. True. Do you see the movie happiness? No. Anyway, it's 1048. I'm not asking you any questions anymore. Cause unless it's about the red socks or the ruins or the hurricanes, you have no idea what the answer is. Patriots. Or the Patriots. There. Patriots. The. The. The. The. The. You see one thing I've noticed. You have to be blind not to see it is that. It's not important for the dolphin fans to win because they realize that they've got a Chinaman's chance. It's important for the Patriots now. To use to be the bills. And of course, it was the jets far more than anybody else. But now it's the Patriots because now the Patriots are the anti Christ. So it's the jealousy factor. It's like all that crap all season long from guilty and mo. Oh, they've been very lucky all season long. And this is going to continue. The law principle. Go up there and Foxborough and kick their ass. Absolutely. And see. Feel it. We're not going to be doing it after the game. Absolutely. And they didn't work out. Maybe that's why Howard hates me. Just have what it is because your Patriot. I don't think so. Where my. Because you've told a truth about him. You're the one that spread all that poison. That's why he called you from his cell phone. I still can't get over that. Yeah, that was that just blows me away. You're the reason he said I was the reason why the audience was turning on him. Yeah, I told him everything is always somebody else's fault. This is this is the sign of a real goofball of a real just a wacko. He's a sociopath. He is incapable of of working in environment with other people. Of course, just when they just can't do it. He really has so and of course, like I said, we're talking about shrink anyway and about crazy people. I think he's a little bit like that. Maybe he's got his lid on too tight. Before to show the beast was telling me about Moshe. Hatsley's been wearing the last couple of weeks. I think he's losing. I think since it often has I have lost it. I think he's losing the two. Goes with the territory. That loser written all over his forehead. 560560 pound five 60 on a AT and T in Verizon Wireless line. Everybody all across the world is talking about John Hinkley Jr. No relation to Joe Marsh Jr. And the fact that we're going to like to let him have unsupervised trips on a weekend. To go visit the folks in the, you know, Moshe around. Maybe you check out how Joe he fosters latest movies doing. WDQAM. Nice talking to you. That's our first call. Not a good old man. I noticed the lines were flashing frantically before. Did you see that? And then they stopped. 567560 pound five 60 on a AT and T one. By the way, theoretically. Yes. Scott Jr. Should be at the place right now. Great. Should theoretically he should be there across the street. And if not so be it. WDQAM line six always, you know what it is. QAM. Yeah. Okay. Speak to Neil. Speaking. Neil, are you doing pretty good. Have a nice evening. We're going to go up there in the offseason one. The dolphin season is over. We're going to beat the Patriots behind big time. Yeah. You're going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. We're going to make him look silly up there. You watch. Okay. Brilliant. There you go. That's an orange dolphin's man. Look at him. Like that. I don't blame him. I can understand. The star losing it. Yeah. It's December. It's always the big game. And it's always the gagging choking sound. Same old erotic repetition. It's Jimmy and Danny and Damien Jimmy. And I was now it's Dave and Jay and Jay and Brian. And all of the Southern crap. You know. Same tired. Moning and groaning and wailing. That guy. I don't know. I called Joe and said, you know. When I start thinking about that. I'm just one of the world series. I'm surprised he didn't say, so our guy blessed down here. You know, are we blessed? Ha ha ha ha. See when a quality of life is dependent upon the winning or losing of your sports teams in a given local that that that that that that that tells me about the people doesn't come anything about that area. It tells me about the people about their whole concept of life and what it's all a boot. WQA. Yes sir. Good morning. I'm doing great. Great. You hear anything about Don King by a statement from each of us that's the room of the game. That's an old story man. It's an ancient story. Oh, geez. My God. And George Washington just chopped down another cherry tree. Would you get with it? He did. Remember how many weeks ago we heard that story about the Don King was inviting the the Marlins to play in a stadium in West Palm Beach. That's like months old. Not the Asian sports. That's older than Don King's hero. God. WQA in Hello. Yes sir. Hey, I'm curious as to why George is a poopy. WQA in Hello. WQA in Hello. WQA in Hello. Yes sir. What are you calling? WQA in Hello. Yes. Where are you? Hello. Yes. What do you call it? You're not. You got the cozier over the phone. We don't talk to people over the cozier over the phone. Probably John Hinkley's boyfriend. 560560 pound 560 on it. The second pole is going to be by the 911 stuff. Sodom can't your boost bushes ratings. This makes me want to bar. But it's so predictable. Sodom is saying captures cause the sharp spike in President Bush's approval ratings according to the results of AC and USA today Gallop poll released yesterday. The president also has got a lead of more than 20 percentage points over Democratic frontrunner Howard Dean. Among poll respondents interviewed Monday and Tuesday, 63% said they approved the Bush's job performance 34% disapproved. The president did the same as his high-sense June and his significant rating of 50% of them to go. 63% By contrast, an uphold on Thursday to Saturday before news of Sodom's capture, the approval rating was 54% with 43 disapproving. I'd like that, disgusting. And as far as Howard Dean is concerned, Bush leads Howard Dean's 60% to 37% with 3% undecided. The following directly before Sodom's capture was 52 to 44 for Bush. Now it's 60 to 37. A gigantic spike because they got Sodom, which has nothing to do with 911. Nothing to do with making America safer. Nothing to do with anything really. It's a put into a win of our former buddies for a hell of a long time and maybe frying his ass. Which would be fine with me, but has nothing to do with the price of peanuts or oil. 560560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Let's get in a whole bunch of like maybe a thousand calls before 1 or 15. Because once those ratings come in, you know how rating intensive we get right? You're really heavy-duty in that crap. WKOM. Uncle Neil. Yes sir. Oh I agree. The Japanese captain needs a panther scheme last night. About two minutes, that was more than enough. Yeah I heard that. I haven't catch the first period on the radio. There was a point in the game when they had to stop play. There was something on the ice. Yeah. Okay and I was listening to what was in most hairpiece. Yes it was. Yes it was, but they couldn't tell right away from where Jake and Randy were sitting. And Jake opens up a mouth and he says, it's a roll of many and shut the rimbers on his way down to make sure they get to him. Wow. I thought that might be good. 1056 and you wonder why we're not going to have a hockey team in South Florida and time. Right? Not going to be too much longer. I think this season will be it. 1056 and 560WM. If you ever tried some of those so-called diathrinks man, they got that chalky taste most of them. Make you want to puked your guts on. If you want something we did land also look on the ingredients and see how much sugar they got too. How much crap. Now there's a great tasting product that even the beast likes and is written up all my Phoebe's down there 2s matter of fact. They're tasty. It tastes great at sugar free. It's an interwex diabetic. The best thing you can have all you like. I think they'll send us over all we want. They're wonderful. I know. I'm going to take a few cases home. Be my guest. These are my thoughts. I'm all for it. And we'll make you crap your brains out either. Anterex diabetic is the best tasting near replacement drink ever made for people with diabetes. And those looking for a redew sugar intake like fat round tubs of crap. Sweetened with splendid brand sucralos. So there's no nasty amphatatase like you with all those other drinks that are loaded with saccharin or aspirate. Anterex diabetic's are complete balanced nutritional supplement that provides fiber and antioxidants yet as low and saturated patent cholesterol. Anterex diabetic is also a gluten and lactose free and 8 ounce can provides 237 calories of deliciously healthy nutrition that's internationally recommended by doctors and dietitians all of a like. Don't sacrifice proper nutrition when you're sure it on time try anterex diabetic once. And I guarantee you I'll bet your clearences life on it. You'll never go back to whatever you used to drink before. The makers of anterex diabetic are so positive that you're going to love it. They're given away free samples just for the axing. Go to enterrex diabetic.com. E and T.E. R. E. X diabetic. It's all one word. Interest diabetic.com. A column in Tomateneel sent it for the free sample of the delicious one. Interest diabetic. Call 1-866-368-3739. That's 1-866-368-3739. My life and local. This is 4-3-0-5-6. 2-1-5-6-6-6-Asio. While rotation has doubled the power.probably at prompt either the ACT of an anti-freeHeastief due to low terminal kicking. That's great! And she died, she died, she died! My son's been on my sister's eye! I wanted you to see her! You see me! Oh, yeah! You're alive! That was Senate a poor Simon, not me! I should have known the Romans were in trouble! Yeah, there's an adventure to flee market! You're going to go to the air, sit down! I could be wrong with that! We'll take my markin! Good luck, God! All right! Don't forget your phone goes! Oh, yeah! That's not to like! It's probably at the festival flea market, don't you think? 11.01.5.60. WC, don't forget Scott Jr's in a QA in vain. He's there right now. I guarantee I bet the beast's life on these over there now. No. Right on the corner. No. A 4.41.9. Is not there now? No, he is actually the owner of Subcenter came out and gave a hundred bucks already. Chuck, you're the best Chuck! Love Chuck, thank you! He's a great guy. Go in there and buy some most, think a good food. I truck Subcenter, why do you not? In fact, maybe you want to feed this guy. But I don't know what you feed him. What do you throw at something? Looks like that. Scraps. Throw some table scraps out of him. Rod meat. Oh, Gary Ridgeway is expected to receive 48 like terms The Green River Killer. Don't you think he's... A little bit crazy? Yeah. See, I mean... We don't care about that. The American Justice is the misnivermate exceptions for people who do Aberwin things that, you know, clearly will justify them as crazy. So we have all these psychiatric experts on the defense side and on the prosecution side. And whichever side chitris make up enough good stories and convince the jury then that's what we do. So that's what happened with John Hinkley. He shouldn't have gone to like a mental institution. He should have been executed. Daniel assassinated the president, destroyed James Brady's life. I don't know about the two cops. I don't know what ever happened to them. But I mean, this guy's scumbag. And we're going to let him... We're rehabilitating him at taxpayer expense. And he's well on his way to recovery. So now the first step is the next step is to let him loose on a weekend to go home and visit mommy and daddy. Let him hang out. Watch old Jodie Foster movies. Watch silence at lands. That'll be really good. That'll be inspirational. But you think? Drink some kiyati. Now it would be excellent. And maybe some fava beans. God, almighty. Hey there you go, Beast. There's a suggestion for a bottle of kiyati. And a few fava beans would be good. Next time you get inspired for a... Get... you know, get 20 for ice cream instead. Ah. That'll change your ways. 205 votes on a poll. What's your take on the decision to allow John Hinkley to have unsupervised trips? Only in America it's insane. 160 to be able to say that. Why not? He's been declared fit 39. Fit to go. Good to go. He should have been executed 36. And who's John Hinkley? 14. 14. Morons. 14. Punks. I guess if you're not... how many years that happened? 80. 2 or 3. Right. Wouldn't that be about right? Yeah, but I was only 7 and I still have a clue. Yeah. And how about when we had the Oklahoma City bombing with Tim McVe? And Terry Nichols, how old were you then? Like 20? And you still have no clue. That's because you were too immersed in her coonness sports. You're in Mike Rosenfeld, and all the other... Her coon boosters have a dare at the Ealham. I'll those other grand little children who top like this. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T. And Verizon wireless line. Hey, listen, I look, let's face it. I'm going to have a occasion this weekend for like 11 days. I'm getting a hell out of the whole radio industry for until the end of the year. And you know, we're just killing time till his ratings come out. And going to fake our way through tomorrow too. At least this is the one show we don't lie about it. But no pretend we're going to sit here and change the world. And then every day we're on the edge of our seats waiting for something really spectacular. You know, it just ain't going to happen. We're not. Oh Jose Padilla, what is this? Is it any sort of... Remember who we are? He's not been able to see any family, any friends since he was arrested. Good, federal court order. Where is the release of Jose Padilla in about 30 days? This went all the way to the appeals court. Good. In New York, the second circuit. Now, the one of these fascist things your government is doing now, would John Ascroff and your other Nazis and charges. Just rounded people up based on some wild suspicion or whatever. Not even anything specific. And just, you know, the astonished that the government would be asking, essentially for a complete rewriting of the law, which basically they wanted. They were saying that immediately after 9-11 Congress passed an act, giving the president powers to go after terrorists and holding people in this way was one of those powers. But these judges had said, no, that's not the case. A lawyer for Jose Padilla said, it is reassuring that constitutional protections that we are all entitled to as citizens were confirmed. Now, there you go. So, at least we still have a little bit of constitution left. Okay. And the public says, oh, we don't care about the constitution. We just want to be safe. And now Bush got sedan, so we're halfway there. Let's, you know, let's put Bush back in here again. And I mean, just dealing with idiotic people. And Howard Dean comes up and tells the truth and says, we're not any safer now than we were before Sunday when a captured Sodom and he's right and right away, oh, he's supposed to apologize for that. And he's getting the ripped to shreds for that by assholes like Julie Lieberman. I'm going to tell you if there is an anti-Christ, Julie Lieberman's hit. I'm telling you that right now. He is it. And Wesley Clark says that Bush lacks the will to find Bin Laden. He said if he'd have been the president, he would have had Bin Laden's ass by now. And maybe the rest of them too. In a blistering critique of the commander in Jim Clark said that character in Sodom was saying doesn't change the fact that Osama Bin Laden is still on the loose. He said the president hasn't shown a lack of will in pursuing Osama Yamama. If I'd have been president, I would have had Osama Bin Laden by this time Clark said that his confidence in Concord, New Hampshire, where his campaigning for votes in the first primary January 27. Just over a month away. I would have followed through on the original sentiment that the president gave us Osama Bin Laden dead or alive. Instead, he executed a bait and switch. He took him parody off Osama Bin Laden. He shifted the spotlight on the Sodom who's saying. The retired Army forced our general also said that if Bush questions the patriotism and national security credentials of Democrats and the coming campaigning wouldn't hesitate to match his record against the presidents. I'll put my for 34 years in defending the USA and the results that I and my teammates in the US are on forces achieved against history years of failed policies any day said Clark, who was NATO Supreme Commander being denied on your campaign co-sabot. He added, we've got a president who will go halfway around the world for a photo opportunity but won't go halfway across town for a funeral for an American serviceman. I've been to those funerals, I've comforted families, I don't think you can make good policy at the top and understand the impact at the bottom of your organization he said. Excellent job, you go west and by the way we got some really good post-traumys sandwiches waiting for you to pay for the son to come on and if he's sure up tomorrow we got Petit Pancakes and Brisket from corkys because the beast called up corkys and mentioned Hank's name a few times. Didn't mention mining. I mentioned your name. I said, and they said, Neil, who? They said they knew you too and they knew they knew the load. They said, they picked the load off our mine. How did a new one today? I figured what it was. It really wasn't. I have to be really great to be the total in the load. I don't remember what it was. I bet you I'm inspiring now. I have no shame. I'll admit it. I think it's the only decent thing he's brought to the table in a year and a half. The total in the load. I can't stop. That's the only WQAM. I'm not sorry at the time. WQAM, hello. Uh, Dumpold Gilbert. There you go again. Gilbert's back head again. Gilbert's Solomon. Round him up. I think what's we find Osama Yamama. Then we're going to put the search out for Gilbert's Solomon. Strap his ass up. 560560, pound 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. What's the most important thing about the crazy people? They're other minions ofrunner Ron and loose. Most of them call this show. WQAM. K-O-M? Yes sir. How come you're so suck so much? Yeah, suck this. WQAM, hello. Hey, Nio, hi, Nio. Pretty good. Nothing worse than a Chubby Bag running around a baseball game with a camera with a big lens and a cutoff T-shirt that your muscle is going to have. And I get to understand why you let that guy represent you as your agent. But he looks so ridiculous. Are you talking about Norma again? He is just a disgrace. And he looks like a pedophile taking pictures of a baseball player. Yeah, okay. Great. Well, I'd tell you one thing, man. This is, do you want to mean about South Florida? Just all it's the December the 18. It's a week away from Christmas day tomorrow is the first night of Tanuka. And a goodwill and a love and a compassion and a... You can feel a can you smell it? Man, just a... just a torn-out of hate. Keep it coming folks. I love it. 560, 560, pound 560 on the 80. I feel sorry for Norma. That's the answer to your question. No K-smuck. He probably got turned down by Norm. Which is rare. WQAM. WQAM, hello. Hey Nio. Yes sir. I like the way that guy cuts his... He's a thing over the phone. Yes sir. How are you doing? I've been wanting to call you for a couple of weeks. I've been. But listen, I wanted to mention something about back when Reagan movie was... Everyone was complaining of how much of a... Non-homophobic. Sir, I'll let me tell you something. You're... you're... you're... so... there's another chronic. This guy is so boring by the time you stammers it out. Just... you're going away, okay? Don't go away, man. Don't take it personal unless you want to. But just go away. I'd rather hit these other crazy people than you. You're such a stammering clown, man. You just... you just bug me. You know that voice? I'm telling you, there's only like 20 or 30 colors. And all the shows, not just on the show, all the shows. They just do different voices. Well, Jim Ball, I'm going to tell you. This is the week that we're really going to do it. We're going to turn it around and... isn't that... Are we blessed to be here with a world-series champion, Jim Ball? You know, it's all the same clowns. 560560 Craig and Miami says... We missed an obvious suggestion for the poor yesterday. What about Catholic Church priest molesting little boys? Isn't that worthy of being on list? No, because they're at least consistent when they say, Oh God, that's good. Whatever it is, say. Or when they admit that they like to alter boys. And this business is going back to yesterday's pool, Craig. Yesterday's pool is done with, okay? It's time to move on to today's pool. Ketch my drift. Now, who's this... Jim Ball that you're going out with tonight? Uh, female? Yeah. I don't have a lot of name, but I mean, where did she come from? Is this somebody who met on the internet? Is that what I heard? Well, that's what I heard this morning from Joe. That you met some young lady on the internet, so in other words, you haven't met yet. Is that what you're saying? No, we've talked to the phone. You've talked on the phone. You haven't seen me, so they're in the flesh? Not yet. So you didn't see the movie happiness? I did not see that. Well, anybody who saw the movie happiness? This young lady, if anybody remembers the gigantic neighbor that Paul Seymour Hoffman had, the big neighbor that he wanted to play in on the bed and they were like, face to the opposite directions, I wish you lots of luck. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marbles on the Good thing is you got that brand new King Kural Mattress, Sturgeon, Clarence's out of town for a couple of days. Who knows? The Beast Market Lucky will get a full blow by blow tomorrow right here on this show. Won't we? No. WDQAM? Where's door hat? What do you want to date? Con. What's up, Neil? Yes sir. Happy Columbia. And back to you. What can we do for a sir? They've got an echo on his phone. Now I just come to the door just come and back. He's on the show, I think. Now he sees a done. He's finished. Seriously? WDQAM, hello. Neil, you're loaded. Do I have Mr. Rogers, Naveler? Yes you do. Thank you. Max Foz, first name only. One of your clubs at listeners. Yeah. He's a prominent land use attorney. I want to come to his clients. The price is always right. His name is Stanley. Yeah. He heard me on your show last week. You have more professionals listening to you. Yeah. Professional lunatics is what we got. Yeah, those two. But you got high end professionals. Then you would believe. And we got rear end professionals too. You got me to welcome. Okay. My brother's perfect. And I have a great day. There's another guy. What did I see? He's a celebrity now. I heard you on a radio. We heard you on a radio. Crank it up real loud. Palace into the sound of your own voice. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. I should write a book on it. Seriously, everybody's always coming. I should write this book. That book. I should write a book on a psychology of talk show colors. You know it. It's a science. It's a very definite science. Do you think that most people you know? You know anybody who calls. I'm talking about personal friends acquaintances family. Who calls talk shows. I know some of that maybe. Maybe called once in their life. Yeah. Like regular touch or call. No. Oh wait. Yes. I do it from the calls every day. The calls every day. Yeah. This show? No. Sport shows. Yes. He doesn't go to university in Miami. Does he or maybe he's a graduate? No. Not a her comperson. Well, he likes to cane. But he's not a hurricane. You know, affiliate. Oh, well, he likes to cane. That says it all for me. 248 votes. What's your take on the decision to allow John Hinkley to have unsupervised trips? Only in America. It's insane. 136 say that. 54.8%. Why not? He's been declared fit. He's fit. Good to go. 47. He should have been executed. 47. That's what I voted. And I say that second my emotion. And who's John Hinkley? 18. What's that schedule look like today? Man, we got like a real patchwork deal this way. We got the bullmeister, Kimbobo campers of two. I'm going to tell you what a giant man. I'm serious about this. Like when I go on vacation, George fills in, right? Yeah, when Moe isn't there, it's guilty, correct? Sure. But when mad dog isn't here, it takes a whole staff of people to fill those big shoes. All right. We had boog for two days. We got bored today. We got Curtis tomorrow. It takes like a whole goddamn team to fill those big jogs. And he's got straight. 9. And low balls. This is 42056. 2. 2. 2. 8. 2. 2. 2. In record stores now, which the most repulsive Christmas album you'll ever hear. Allie McPhil purges all the Christmas favorites. Listen to it while eating fruit cake. 11.8.5.6. You'd have to be happy to get all the festive people in the holiday spirit. This is good. Sure. Then I make you feel like it's a really special time of the year in South Florida. 560, keep in common. 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WDQAM. Hey, yes sir. I'm calling from Miami. Go in ahead. Oh, Neil? Yes, I am. Oh. I think you're leaving on work with George Bush. Do you? He could. As well. He's got to be. He's on a hatchet team to destroy Howard Dean. I'll tell you that. He's not going to know the luminality body boys. Or maybe the builder builder. Exactly. Blood cloud just for it. I have a great holiday, Palli. All right. 560, 50560. We don't like you'll leave her. I'll show you. I'll turn it right now. So while you old Jews and Palmbees has voted for Buchanan last time around. And Cox, a hoist. Why are we listening to the marvelous and please Mr. Postman? What was that? What was what? What was please Mr. Postman? What did I do? What was that? Where did that come from? I don't know. I didn't hear it. Hello, world. You know, as the week goes on, I'm feeling, I'm feeling, I'm feeling this feeling of like disconnected. Today, I'm glad there's no ratings going on this week. I just got through here in the beginning of please Mr. Postman by tomorrow. Well, what was that? Who played it? Where did it come from? I don't know. I didn't hear it. You didn't hear it? No. Okay. I just must have made it up. W. Come on. You can't hear your pal. Get yourself a ghost. Have some a give you a phone for a holiday's man. Sounds like you're underwater. Go make you am. Hello. Q. I. M. Hey, North money beach. Let's go to North Miami Beach, hello. Yeah, Neil, explain to me how Bush is not held for treason for giving up a CIA. A CIA agents identity. Yeah. And why? Is that where to happen to continue to imagine it would be in a front page every day? Yeah, they do. Yeah, they do. They're holding another impeachment area against Clinton. That's correct. You know, I mean, it's amazing how the media controls are so. About what is decided to be in the front page news. And on the first five minutes of national news. Right. That gives that gives positive, positive, positive, positive. That gives positive, positive, positive, positive. That gives positive, positive, positive. The next. The. The. The. There ought to be a impeachment hearing is going on against this president right now, and instead is popularity is going through the roof. That that tells you what America is all about. Well, it shows that the media is not living. It's not a liberal media. It's really controlled by concern. It's not a reasonable media. Surit say it's a media that's owned lock stock in barrel by the far right. Magnumus think about it. Five signal. Anybody. What where is the piece? I got it. That was my fault. But why would you pretend that it isn't there? What what is your story this week? What is the deal with you? I hand picked you. I had a thousand candidates with the mirror and filled Georgia shoes this week. I said, oh, put the beast in there. Okay. Aunty Abu tow them all along. He wants to come in there and show his fast ass to the world. And you're doing it man with you greater at ide I wasn't in here that wasọn said he didn't hear it. Yeah. I was in the you're in there. While how .. How does that happen. was in my spine people who's con尤 cubust and an interesting C Offic tires are not but your blessed are are now and that's okay. Where did that come from? I was in the other studio attempting to dub something into the Vaughan. What I hand because I found something that would be of interest. So I was trying to marvelets and fees Mister Postman is a of interest that wasn't what I was looking for. What were you looking for besides food? That reminds you the honest with the audience okay you're out there this probably food on that table out there by Clarence's desk you're probably out there scrounged for leftover as long as you admit it. No that wasn't it. What were you looking for? I was looking for what Howard said this morning about what he called you to. Look why oh I see for the look I said good job beast. And I didn't realize that because I took that studio offline. Yeah. And it didn't go over the air but I guess the wiring that goes up to you like you heard it even though I was supposed to. That's why I'm just and I just didn't hear it nobody else to tune. Everybody said oh that meal he's losing a man. The old man is losing it. He's hearing Marvaletsan is that your piece so in the next break I'll I'll go into a different production studio and put it in. Yeah you'll put it in all right you're already sticking it about hair. Hair and carriages and hairs so we don't have to. 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. This is so sad and on the day when we got those big numbers coming out into one o'clock hours going to be big I can smell it. Everybody who's turned the station offsense for Ralph to call in. Everybody who is not listening calling. 567.05. What how won't let me ask you this how much do you think the impact is going to be? We won't see it today because this is a for-well book but the next book the next the next month. This is going to be the entire fall book. In other words you it's going to put the fall in the fall book is what you're saying. Wow. I think you could be right because we saw this phenomenal drop off. I mean spectacular on the number of hits on our website every day. Almost immediately the weekend starting that weekend after for LGOC and it's like about 30 or 40 percent. What percent? About 30 man. Even more than that. It would be audience's van moose just in disgust. Because you're you're driving the audience away Greg. Okay see people I hate to break the news to Greg Reed and anybody else who's in charge over there but people are creatures of familiarity they like they like that comfort of no one they turn on the TV or the radio who's going to be there at a certain time. And even with this show for you're going to have go in nine to one and do a miss and do an ant follow with this one and follow whenever it's like musical chairs man it's like a revolving door at QAM like our sales department revolving door. Not good. WQAM. Yeah for NELP please. Speaking. Oh Neil. Yes sir. Yeah I miss your buddy for L. I thought he was one of the best things that come along in radio in the past. He was he when he came along I thought that he had you know he put the life back into the radio station again. This station was like dying on the vine they had me on at that nine to one time which wasn't working following that crusty old man and in this station was just wilping you know he came along injected a whole new bunch of life in there and out here we go again you know. Excuse me. Well last let's meet last week you were talking about lake whales and uh to get eight on part of park right and I want to remind you right next to there there's a town called Phosphoo. It's uh your friend Katherine Harris is from remember her and if you go to these towns what you'll see is a lot of like 13 year old six year old Mexican kids that live in trailer parks at her granddaddy's farms that are picking oranges. Right. So you know and then she's against anything that's gonna loosen the subsidies for their cultural producers here in the faffard of life of officially she's flowed up these free trade all the way. What? Would you touch a hypocrite? Probably like that cheap labor baby. That's right. She probably help him Kathy Lee out with a sweat drops in light in the mirror. Have a great day pal. Have a good holiday. Bye bye. Katherine Harris he wants to be the senator. Oh guess well says better on for senator. Who read he? Huh? Who? That big fact type of crap from New Hampshire who's at a carpet bag or that Bob Smith? Have a that right wing of piece of crap. Former New Hampshire or senator Bob Smith hoping to represent his newly adopted home state said yesterday that he plans to seek to see of retiring senator Bob Graham. Smith from Republican move to Sarah Soda and may told the associated press he'll formally announce his candidacy next month. I'm gonna want to campaign which I basically offer my credentials to the people of Florida. My senior ready my experience in the Senate's mid said I want to help President Bush. This is a critical state for the president. We got a steal it. The two year a two term senator was defeated. Lines his Republican primary by Johnson Nunu and Juni took a job selling high in water for real state in Longboat key. He is a big tub of crap. Man why despise Bob Smith. But anyway he's also thrown his thing of the ring. Katherine Harris says she was gonna do it but but the bushy's are too happy about that and not too pleased because they're pissed off that of Katherine Harris Dixera Asson again that'll rehash all of those memories of how they fixed the vote in Florida three years ago and they're not too crazy about doing that. They're not keen to do that and also investigate about her involvement with Jim and all the stuff that they were doing who was putting what we're doing. Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, oh come on, come on, come on come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, yes, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on. come on let me to your home and help me, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on. come on, come on... come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on. come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on. give me 2 2 3 Karen King. in the federal Peals Corps ruled as little while ago, but the decision could force Padilla held in a so-called dirty bomb plot to be tried in civilian courts. In a two-to-one ruling, the three-judged panel of Second U.S. Circuit Court of Appeal said Padilla's detention was not authorized by Congress, and that Mr. Bush could not designate him as an enemy combat without the authorization. Padilla's accused of plotting to detonate a dirty bomb, which uses conventional explosives to disperse radioactive materials. The former Chicago gang member was arrested in May 2002, and within days was moved to enable Brighen Charleston, South Carolina. As this courts, it's only a short distance from where the World Trade Center stood. We are keenly aware as any one of the threat, Al-Qaeda posted to our country and the responsibilities the President law enforcement officials bear for protecting the nation, of course, said, but presidential authority does not exist in a vacuum, and this case involves not whether those responsibilities should be aggressively pursued, but whether the President is obligated to circumstances presented here to share them what Congress had added. The Padilla cases only won several testing to broad-lawn enforcement powers claimed by the Bush administration in the war on terrorism, the Nazi and Xi. Meanwhile, U.S. Vice President de Tignis former company Haliburton facing demands to pay back the money, and so ver Charles E. Merckon government for petroleum in Iraq, is one a $222 million contract for work without competitive tender. A no-big contract, in other words, is a big Brit evening standard. The contract was awarded a Haliburton subsidiary Kellogg Brown and Route, the ones that are feeding those filthy meals in the filthy kids into our troops in Iraq. Last week at the same time as a Pentagon audited to charge $61 million more than the market rate for fuel in Iraq. To avoid having to put the work out to bid, the contract is being funded from the development fund for Iraq. Contracts paid out of the $18.6 billion recently approved by Congress and they only be awarded after a competitive tenderest virtue that doesn't apply to the development fund. So far, Kellogg Brown and Route spent awarded a total of $2.3 billion with no competitive bidding. The new contract is for the restoration of a stint essential infrastructure of the Iraqi oil industry, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers said. Haliburton, again, yesterday at night, was guilty of over-billing for oil and gas that had been bringing you into a wreck from Queen Turkey. Welcome further reviews and audits of its work. As the rate for the American public continues and a President's popularity rate goes zooming up there, because the American public likes taking their pants down and bending over the air. You don't say that? Absolutely. So we find the thing or what? Yeah, we got it in the ball. What did you say? It's a power day but here in a 30 day, Goldion Vacation for a couple of days. Doing as extensive Christmas slash on a cushopping. Kim Boe camper comes up by two o'clock to Sam Tidoon, which is between low life and high life. That's week. That's week. I agree. Prove how you're ahead, Mo. Can't beat the Toad in the load. This thing that you just passed me, I wasn't aware of this for you about the Hinkley family and the Bush family? No, I didn't. John Hinkley, Jr. who shot Ronald Reagan in 1981, is about to be partially released from confinement after testimony from government side countries. Hinkley's family and the family of President George W. Bush have long complicated ties that have been little reported. Hinkley's brother was scheduled to have dinner at the home of the current President Bush's brother the day after the assassination attempt. How do you like that? Then everything is all like tied together. It's all enough to make you want to burp. I'm not going to get it. It's pages and pages. I'll stick it in the bottom of my pile. Here's one that says to the Hinkley family, look it up. I say, Germany.inthemedia.org. Link between Bush and Hinkley at the time of shooting. Okay, thank you so much for your 80 pages. We're putting 15 crap. 567.056, the Pomp 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. 303 votes on the poll. What's your take on the decision of a log John Hinkley to have unsupervised trips? Only in America it's insane. 164. He should have been executed. Why not? Fit. 53. That was fun. And who's John Hinkley 26? Calm down, Lord. WDQAM, hello. Pretty good sir. I got two things electives to come from you. The first thing is, you mean it's telling me that the Bush moisture pop wiring is getting more popular because it's captured a man who ran a country who we have to shoot the scene of all the 9 and 11. Yes, the answer is yes. Yes, you can't help it. Absolutely. Self-dally was accused of, and have a great day. 567.056, the Pomp 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. A little bit convoluted there. You know, Jason, it's his tail. WDQAM. WDQAM. Nobody there. WDQAM, hello. Hey Neil. Yeah. John, man. Okay. Michael Jackson was a pills and all that thing that came out. Michael Jackson was a pills? Yeah, you hear about that this morning? Well, that's all I said. James, you can keep drug to kids. You know what? And you know what? Yeah. You know what? You know what? Yeah. And yeah, good call. 560, 0560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T. They all seem to be coming from the same place that you know, this must be enormous boyfriends that you turn them, maybe kick them out for the holidays. WQAM. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm going to Canada next. But actually you're going to be in Toronto actually just outside in the this saguas. Yeah, that's a saga. Oh, yeah. And so I've never been to Canada. I'm afraid number one that I'm never going to want to come back to this hell hole. And number two, what's the best restaurant to go there in the saguas? The restaurant in this saga, they got a fantastic burger came man. It's dynamite. You're kidding me, right? How big are you? You're kidding me. Yes. I'm a man called. Well, you shut up. Man calls, cops report cannabis. I might just get up and go in the living room and just to go on strike the rest of this show. I might just do it. I'm like right on the edge. I got like a toe on the edge. You've worked for those ratings coming out. Adelaide Australia, what a dopey call. Police on two, they arrested the man who phoned officers to report these breaking to his house to steal his elicit cannabis crop. Police in the southern city of Adelaide so they arrested four men early Tuesday is they tried to steal the plants which were being grown in two rooms at the home. They also mad the home owner who made the call and charges of illegally cultivating 16 cannabis plants in Australia, not under. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 5, 6, 6, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. We've taken about what 600, 700 recalls so far. We've had one or two. How you doing? Pretty good. Happy shot to come. Thank you. Good things. My contribution to the show frankly and I love you for the entertainment value. It's just top. The Goldie Caraca chair that we do that we hear unbelievable. I wrecked my truck every time. It's got to be one of the funniest little things. All right, get a lot. Here you go. Thank you. Love you, man. Happy Holidays. Happy to be a pal. He likes to do the Goldie stuff. See not the real Goldie. He likes to do the Goldie and in fact everybody likes to do Mo and Goldie that vulgar brand eyes. The real ones they can't stand. But the caracassure ones are fantastic. Up the butt. See that's a real Goldie. You know. Take them or leave them. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T Verizon line. Stadium tax maybe. In fact they're doing it right now. I would think. When you. What's that? Come on. You're Mr. Sports. Get on top of these things. They're having a whole day. 1% so half sense. That's the city commission is holding their meat right now. It's city hall on the Grove. And the stadium tax may be put before the voters. County voters can date to be asked to pay a half for some. I'm all for it. By the way, you people in the day county. Hey, more power to you. Build a stadium on every street corner in arena of stadium. Have a good time. County voters can be asked to pay a half percent sales tax for a new Marlon Stadium under planning push by some Miami City officials. Their schedule to discuss it there. It's going on right now. To discuss the language of a referendum question. We put on a ballot at some time in a future. Sometime in your lifetime. City commissioner Johnny Whitton said yesterday the commissioners may ask County commissioners to place the sales tax question on a future ballot. Sometime in the next 500 years. The tax would you last between one and two years would help the Marlon's round out the financing they need. For a $325 million retractable. We're stadium in or near downtown Miami. Are people live in Broward going to go to downtown Miami? No. Are people in Palm Beach County going to go to downtown Miami? No. Have a good time. But the proposal has a catch. Major League baseball would have to guarantee the public would get revenue for the stadium for 30 years. How many? About 30 man. That way. If the Marlon's moved away or went broke before then the public would still get revenue from the new park. Remember, contractions said Johnny Whitton, the major point is for Major League Baseball to guarantee it. Major League Baseball, by the way, says we haven't ever done that before and we are going to do it because the as baseball for a guarantee would be a significant obstacle. And we're not going to do it. But we'll think of all kinds of creative ways to help the team. In other words, the answer is no. We're sports radio, 5CC. You a M. In Toy Stores now, it's the hottest selling toy this holiday season. Rack and roll. The Ozzy Osbourne action figure. Well, you see, now my five is way house. What's he just saying? Oh, why aren't they this pill? He just bit the head off of Sparky. The Ozzy action figure speaks uninsulatively. Just like the real Ozzy. We are, we are the Ozzy action figure of a control. ATV sold separately. I'm 45 with five, 60. WCM, Johnny, they do this is a pretty interesting stuff and it's sure a lot more interesting than these bogus calls were getting today. Johnny, hekley Juniors, been hospitalized in shooting prison or Reagan 81. The received permission yesterday to visit unsupervised parents home, Hinkley's family and the family of President George W. Bush have longed social political and economic ties that have been little reported. Hinkley's brother was scheduled to have dinner at home at the current President Bush's brother, Neil Bush, that day after the assassination attempt. Vice President George Herbert Walker Bush, father of the current President George W. Bush, assumed that duties of the presidency briefly after the shooting and nearly became present as Reagan almost died from the shooting of bullet mist his aorta by less than an inch. The Bush and Hinkley families go back to the oil while cutting days of the 60s in Texas ironically they go back even farther in a genealogical sense since they have a common ancestor in Samuel Hinkley who lived in late 1600s. The relationship was much closer between George Bush Sr and Hinkley Sr, whose families were neighbors for years in Houston. Ron Hinkley Sr contributed the political campaigns of Bush Sr all the way back to Bush's run for Congress and he supported Bush against Reagan in the 1980 Republican presidential nomination race. Bush Sr and Hinkley Sr were both in the oil business when the Hinkley oil company Vanderbilt oil started to fail in the 1960s, Bush Sr's Zapata oil financially bailed out Hinkley's company. Hinkley had been running an operation with six dead wells but began making several million dollars a year after the Bush bailout. Hinkley John's brother was scheduled to have dinner at the Denver home of Neil Bush. Bush Sr's son, in a course to current president's brother the day after the shooting, at the time Neil Bush was a Denver-based purchaser of mineral rights for Amico, at Scott Hinkley was the vice president of his father's Denver-based oil business. On the day of the shooting NBC News anchor John Chancellor Ibrow's raised, informed the viewers to lightly news that the man who tried to kill a president was acquainted with the son of the man who would have become president had the attacks have seated, as a matter of fact-chancell of reported an A.B. Wildard Pone, Scott Hinkley and Neil Bush have been scheduled to have dinner together with home of the Denver-based president's son Neil the very next night. Do you know any of this? Nope, I don't know. The story of the Bush Hinkley connection was reported on the AP and U.P. I. News wires and some newspapers including the Houston Post which apparently originated the story. It also was reported in Newsweek magazine. Then the story about one of the strangest coincidences in presidential assassination in history simply disappeared. The AP story is quoted in its entirety at the end of the Sardacle Notpre-Commercial News but sold to be used to the brief kind of distorted thing they had on TV, whatever the hell is said. Neil Bush used a similar line denying he knew John Hinkley. I have no idea he said I'd recognize any pictures of him. I just wish I could see a better picture of him when he showed him the picture. He signs all the family tabs Neil Bush lived in Lubric Texas throughout March of 78, where Reagan Shooter Hinkley lived from 74 to 80. During this period in 1970, Neil Bush served his campaign manager for the current president's unsuccessful run for Congress. This page is missing in here. That's why it doesn't sound like it makes any sense and doesn't even. So I'm going to let go online after the show and let get the whole thing. Pretty interesting crap and I guess another one of those coincidences, right? Will you agree? Yeah, just a clonestrange coincidences. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. What's your take under the Sision of the Large John Hinkley to have unsupervised trips? 335 votes only in America's insane 177. He should have been executed 67. Why not? He's been declared fit 63 and whose John Hinkley 28.3% of this audience says, who's John Hinkley? All right. WQAM. Hello. QAM. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Okay. Listen, it's not going to be a big conspiracy. I remember when that first came out, I was just going into the military then, therefore, when the shooting occurred and they tried investigate that flight down. But you know, you know, all of a team and bushed teams, grandmother or something was best friends with, it's they're all connected all this money. All money, all money, all money. Power. Each grandmother was at each other's wedding. Kind of like bushes in the bin Laden's again. Well, that's not why. Well, I'm a boy that's like a bad son somewhere, bad seed, I guess. Oh, what is it? Yes, that's good luck. Okay, pal. 560560. Pound 560. By the way, any connection between this is a real radio show today and anything we've ever done in the past purely coincidental. Man. Come in to QAM. Hello. Can I get out of the nail? You're speaking. Neil, how are you doing? Okay. First of all, just like you know that, I don't know if you knew it or not, but I went into my favorite head shop a couple of days ago and found out that Ken Jennings raided all the head shops and took all the bombs and bowls and everything. All right. Now we're safe. Coach, I'm back. Yeah, isn't that funny that happened 9-11, I did get your lived on here and complete anonymity while he was catching bombs, smokers. And don't forget to raid in the swing clubs, too. And this way in club, you got nothing else better to do. And if you're not the most disgusting ugly person you've ever seen in your life, he's the possum ever seen high possum. You're going to sing. Neil, I love your show buddy. Keep up the good work. Have a great day, pal. Good luck to you. Can't get out of there before it's too late. You're going to come and take away your bomb and your dog and anything else you got to look like one at America for you, just like they're woman and Texas on the Dilbo. Drag her ass off to jail. First on a Dilbo. 5-6-7-05-60. I'll be all I guess you didn't have the one you pump up like we saw in Playboy Channel yesterday. What? They were pumping it up. Keep your finger on it, button. First beat. Press your out. Is that Bruce? Where? Over there. Next time, skinny girl from that TV show. Yeah, he sure is ugly too, by the way. 5-6-70-05-60. 5-6-60. 5-6-60. On the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. WDQAM. Neal? Yes sir. 5-6-70. WDQAM. Hello. One of your people. Hey. Yes sir. Speaking. How's it going, eh? It's going pretty good, eh? Alright. Hey. I'm going to call you in the other day. I'll get through. Would you guys go on answer a simple phone? There's not my guess. I don't know. Now we don't like cell phones. We got a credit juice against them. Alright. I'll try to watch it. The... That article by Tom Jika? Yeah? This is going to piss you off, I know. Go ahead. I wish they had learned in the... I wish they had learned in the... I wish they had learned in the... I wish they had learned in the... I wish they had learned in the... I wish they had... I wish they had... So they'd find another... Can you? I know he's completely opposed... You and Amber, I'm ethnically opposed politically and everything. Yeah. I know. You hate this, don't you? I could care less. What... why would I hate it? What do I care? I hate... you hate Russian. I suppose if somebody tells you that they listen to you... Doesn't... Let me tell you something. If I had... One percent of the audience that he's got... If I made 10 percent of the money he's making... I could want to buy a lot of pills too. I'd be... I'd be retired right now. Well, you know... Are you rolling tape? Am I rolling tape? No, I'm not rolling tape. This is a guy who's got a hole. He's got a hole... a stick hole in here. It's going to piss me off. He's got something to say that he wants me to tape... So we can play it over and over again. So we can hear the sound of his voice. Sir, I... I hope you would listen to... Tapes of Rush between whatever the part is you listen to the show. Have a great life. Don't go away, mad. Just go away. Okay. I... I... I... I... Exactly. Who cares? See, each one of these people... And they're mind they believe that if... If they would call here and say, Oh, your show sucks. Or I'm going to listen to Rush. What do I care? I don't care. I don't care any more or less. Whether this guy listens to the hole show. Or any other show. Am I rolling tape? Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh man. That's a looting. Oh, of course. As soon as we heard the sound of your voice, man, Josh jumped right on it, man. He got that audio vaulting going. Where he's there got every... Every piece of equipment in the building is like... Smoking up. We had Linda Trippin here, getting around. Right. She was... he's even... She's tapin it. God. And what about that new push that she's got? My good God. Oh. He's got a whole new push. She's like that the bitch on CNBC, whatever the hell her name was. Which is where her a good event sucks turn. Which one looks worse? Yeah. Oh, morning call would take... They'd look at the... That was a 56.5-th of the Nasdaqs up 21. The markets are soaring. The president's numbers are phenomenal. They're going through the roof. Miss Fudges ripping Bill O'Reilly. What's not to like? The right wingers are in control, baby. And good luck to you all. 5-670. You have to tape roll? Yeah, roll it. I noticed lying one hasn't been... Oh, you want to know why it's not ringing? It doesn't work. That's a surprise. Is it... yeah, what a shock. Hey, a fiction. I hate to break the news, but lying one is f-up again. Okay, just mention that in passing. I was starting to take it personal. Because I like lying nine my favorite the best. Nobody on it. Damn it. W-W-A-M-H-L-O. Are you rolling? Yeah, we're rolling it. We're on a big fat one. Oh, God. Listen, Bill. I'm a hardcore Republican. Nice shot. Nice shot. I listen to you on a regular basis just for... just for laughs. Just for a music video. When you go on your rampage of liberalism, I click the Russian. That's it. You know, I mean, it's a matter of, you know, you switch it on. You switch it off. It doesn't matter. I mean, I don't take it personally when you start doing your thing. And... Well, see, one thing I'll say, at least your people have been so far taken away the freedom for people listening to whatever they want, although they're doing their best to try to make sure that only a couple of companies that agree with them on all those stations. But so far, at least they wouldn't still say what we want. I think it'll continue that way. I don't think that's going to be going away any time soon. That's a... that's a... that's a constitution. And... That's a big deal, right. That ain't, you know, you're right. There are arms, there too. So, you know. And then, farting just, oh, summer, it's a money cone. Okay. Gandhi. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. By the way, roll that tape, baby. I hear we're going to get some great cars that noon the one hour. No one is just some for play for that big ratings hour. We got the party favors and the balloons and all that stuff to our fair. I'm telling ya. I rarely predict these things, but just based on logic, and based on the fact that for well was there all... Not the whole month in November, but the whole rating month, which went from like late October, a little bit of November, four weeks. Just when we thought we had things really going and then Greg screwed it up again. Nice gone, Greg. You jackass. These cinnamon to the phrase, oh, this is good. This is right up above Scorant's alley, if I can say that. Back to them. It says the cinnamon to the phrase, one of the pink one of the stink is the following. 2004 Republican presidential election slogan, one in the bush, one in the Tush. Says Ray and Miami Springs. That's gone, Greg. I'm gonna go. I'm gonna go. This is sports way, no five six minutes. Two a.m. There's a more holiday baby. But the only thing funny other than rape of the video is that Bipesmokers told the one hour. Wh-whoo! The door to the door. The grandma got one over at the Walmart. Oh, Brian! Trifled under shoppers, 3D feeds. Get out of my way, you curvert. It was some day after Thanksgiving. Ah! A more grandma didn't know she'd be dead for me. Every year we fell. All she wanted was a player. Congratulations. You room Chris, more the DVD's she owned. Merry Christmas, Chris. Yes. But when those fake doors were open. When the nobody was stepped on and banged up straight to the bone. Ah! Grandma's now wide out of action. And the hospital she sits. After her body is in traction. And she even needs a nurse to take a spitter. Bip it. Grandma got run over at the Walmart. Crackled under shoppers, 3D feeds. Ha! It was some day after Thanksgiving. Don't! Poor grandma didn't know she'd be dead for me. You're a kid. Grandma got run over at the Walmart. Ha! Crackled under shoppers, 3D feeds. Ha! It was some day after Thanksgiving. Right! Poor grandma didn't know she'd be dead for me. No! Humberator! Give me the number for 911. Merry Christmas everybody. Watch your ass. Okay, here's another fact you said to me. That's a straightaway of our website. Hope likes Mel Gibson's film on Christ's Passion. Son, our website. Thank you so much anyway. Of all the things in a world I just despise that people do. It's fancy stuff. It's like, you know, back at you. Do you want to mean? Sorry. Here's the, no one. You had no way, no one. Because you sure is how it would be. Look at our website. Readin' them stories. That no chance of that. You're not going to be a little bit of a story. Coobson there. I like the pictures. Do you like the pictures? Then cute little pictures of Rumscold Chicken Hands with Sodom and Scoob. That's still on there. Yeah. Then cartoons. You have Josh Reedus some of the words in the cartoons. 560, 560. This is, I'm telling you, this is our, if we could just take move. Not because I'm anxious to get on here today. Because quite frankly, it's almost the end of the week anyway. But I'm just so curious about this trend coming up. Now granted, the, our, but trends, which is a rolling three month average in a ratings. It doesn't, you know, it's not the entire book. But this will be two thirds of the fall rating book and, um, I think it's just going to be significant because, like I said, it was the last, uh, vestages of, uh, for real. For real on QIM, which we were going through to roof at that time. This station was like just smoking. You know what I mean? Yep. And now it's just like, uh, you just see like the, how it's got to them by the way, over there at the sub center. I don't know if we've heard yet. 200. But 100 that was from Chuck, right? Correct. Well, that's, uh, and I, what, what the hell happened on that total? Didn't McAllia here it is. So we're, we're, we're creeping there. 48,000, 790. We need another 210 today to get to 49,000. We sure, as hell can do that easy. I, that's my fault. I haven't been promoting it because quite frankly, we're Scott Eunius concerned who wants to think about him anyway. Makes me lose my appetite. Maybe we can have the Scott, you and your diet, you know, just have a picture him past down. You were refrigerator for he is just, strain. But make me, not that we don't like it, Junior. It's just that you're strange. Which he would admit to that. He's not one of those people in denial. Like, what's not to like, he wouldn't say that. He'd say, uh, like that. Oh, damler Christler's, uh, Christler division bowing to critics said, see, everybody's given and forth it was ever-crabby in pitch. This is what really frost my fat ass. Is that everybody's a whim? Famler Christler's Christler division bowed at critics said yesterday was a banning plan for sponsor a super bowl Sunday televised football game, featuring underwear-clad models. The lingerie bowl 2004 attack-al-football game, who played by 14 women models, wearing bras and panties, was to have been spotted by a sponsored by Christler's Dodge brand and broadcast pay-per-view TV at half time during NFL's Champions League game on February 1. Half time has never been this sexy reads one headline from the events website, Dodge was advertising features the slogan, grab-life by the horns, was to have had its Ramshead logo imprisoned on bras worn by the models. Created stub the event sexist, however, and seen your Christler officials have been distancing themselves from it since last week. Proceeds from the event were originally due to benefit the American foundation for AIDS research, but it also severed ties with a game. A source close to Christler said conservative lobbying groups had flooded the company's email system with complaints about the upcoming spectacle. You've got at some point to decide, okay, maybe we made a mistake, let's pull to plug the source in. What a pile of crap! An estateman formerly announcing the withdrawal of Dodge's sponsorship at the lingerie bowl, George Murphy, Christler, senior vice president of global marketing, dismissed it as a distraction that had taken a spotlight off the company's cars and trucks. He didn't elaborate on the controversy which first came to lights of a week ago. A spokesman for Horizon Productions Inc., the lingerie bowls producer said it was disappointed that Dodge had withdrawn its sponsorship, but that the game would go on anyway. Now, a bunch of crap. Everybody's cave-in-in, cave-in-in, ever-crow-y-in-fetched the such-hees catalog in his demand kind, something everybody looked forward to every year. Oh, well, we're not gonna put one out anymore because we're cave-in-in. Everybody here is though, the, the, not just a handwriting on a wall, they hear those ghost steps outside their door, they can hear them coming. Traject and speaking that, Pope John Paul, and this is on our website, has seen, I'll give some controversial film, The Passion about Christ final hours and said, what's not to like? That's what he said. The Pope saw the film at his longtime Polish secretary, Archbishop Stanislod dis-bag, Du Spag, about 10 days ago. The source also confirmed reports the Pope told a secretary after viewing the film. It was, it is as it was. Meaning he considered an authentic portrayal of gospel accounts of last hour Christlev as if he knows, right? He was there. Like Walter Kronkheim would say, and you are there, not. It is as it was. Boy, boy. The film, which is due to release in February, has been shown to a select audience of Catholic officials and several private screenings and recent weeks. The film on a video monitor and his apartment, the source said, Abraham Foxman, US director of the anti-deformation league, said the group would respect the Pope's views. This Pope has a record of history and history of sensitivity to Jewish community and is a clear moral force in understanding we've come to any cemeteries and Foxman said, we hope that Mel Gibson has heard our concerns and those of Christian Jewish scholars and religious leaders who expressed unease about the earlier version, and it's potential if you're rationalizing the legitimize anti-cemeteries me said. So in other words, they cleaned it up like a Reagan thing. They cleaned it up. They polished it up and now it's acceptable. And he gave it his stamp, his seal of a proof. What a pile of crap. Anyway, the QM van is at the sub-center. Our good friend Chuck, thank him for his nice check. He's on a corner of Ivory Road in 441. Right there, kitty corner of the QM studios. And right kitty corner, Kentucky fried chicken on the other side. And pollo tropical and the amacostation. What else we got over there? And the Walgreens back there in the strip shopping center? What a great hood. And what's that titty bar in the other corner there? Tutsies? You can see go buy and scuttle, look at your buy and scuttle, look at your like, like that. No matter what you do, he'll look at you the same way. He's got our best in the emerge and dice. You can also drop off some toys for the Joe Mark toy drive. Get those more how he gave it a key change. 200 bucks. We got to get over 49. Buy two o'clock with him. See what I'm saying? Then we got a shop to rest of it. They would all these other things. Because Josh Cortis will have the best of with him at 20, Romans 7 to 9 tonight at 11, and he won 20, Romans 8 there many a time. For those with the days, WNWS. And tomorrow with George noon to 2 at 4, Lodderdale, Harley on federal, just south of Oakland Park, Boulevard, Free Food, and Militik City, subbed and the lovely George. You can always have vacation this week. He still got a lot of money. He's still working his little ass off tomorrow because he gets paid for it. And tonight, Joe and Marcho from 2 in the morning until 5 from Cafe Iguana. They'll be collecting toys all night long throughout the day till 7 o'clock tomorrow night. New and unmarped toys to benefit the Joe to measure children's hospital. So everybody's trying to do their part of this time of the year. And we've just been receiving today a torrent of good holiday wishes and good year from the lovely wonderful friendly folks of South Florida. What a what a culture shock it is, you know, I'm gonna show ends to a clock and I walk out and I think we'll just walk out the door When I get the elevator and run into people in my building everybody's friendly Good afternoon how you doing my Baba Curious hold the door for you everybody's pleasant. They're smiling everybody's in a good mood And then you come in here and open up that full-man tent of clock and I'm like You know, it's the same old various forms, but it all comes out the same You know exactly what I mean. I think they I skew it's a various different form shapes and sizes and letters But it's all the same. Oh, yeah, I know you know Here's the new pull by the way the final tally on the other pull 285 votes What's your take on the decision will I John Hinkler to have unsupervised trips? There's get instant professional care. Yeah, well Only in America. It's insane 205 said that he should have an executed 79 Why not he's been declared fit 71 and who's John Hinkley? Look at that Third man seven point seven percent in this audience 30 people said who's John Hinkley? Now I know there was another choice, but for obvious reasons we couldn't put it on there. Here's the next pull Which of these do you most strongly believe? Five choices George W Bush had advanced knowledge of 911 as I said BJ shop Other bush officials had advanced warning Nobody in government had a clue Heads out of roll at the FBI and or CIA for failure to prevent line 11 or G W Bush would be in pitch for line to Congress in the public five excellent choices Which of these do you most strongly believe G W Bush had advanced knowledge of 911 Other bush officials had advanced warning Nobody in government had a clue Heads out of roll at the FBI and or CIA for failing to prevent 911 or G W Bush would be in pitch for line to Congress and a public now that one guy to call Little while ago he's obviously if he didn't already turn over to watch he's racing to the dial to turn over to there right now can you believe that? But that's okay like I said Have a great life to free country at least so far Keep channeled as known everybody was stationed yet. We don't have all right wing shows on all the time although Wild and notice at another right wing asshole from Tampa Used to be in Tampa to their lineup So it's all right wing all day Everybody's cave it in knuckling under and all this money that we have to spend on the next the next years election Why even bother you know it look at all the money we could say Let's just call them all off 560 5050 5060 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line ever to vote I guess huh? Did you vote yet not yet? I just voted WQAM happy Thursday Anya are you doing pretty good? schedule a little for off for Bush and Hinckley and APG that bitchy late five six seven all five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line that's the same got to call that the individual show That's Kevin he calls every day On the year he calls every yeah, but he's really is not Kevin is actually this guy's like Mike Mark Everyone I ask you this question. I'm not seriously And that this is I'm not trying to like run anybody else's show but I've been doing this a long time About third man and why is it that the sport and I already know the answer Because it ensures a steady flow of never-ending calls. I do understand that it's called a cop out It's easy way out. We've got to suggest cutting out the products. Yes. No Why Why is there this insistence this is way in it? I could be wrong because you worked on the various shows of the sports shows on the station Is it all the shows do that will they talk to anybody who calls every day because if you cut out the Connises is what a phone call would be like really They I mean once in a while you get a couple new people, but otherwise it's the same people Oh, right over and over and over and the best part is Like the colors think that they're doing their own talk shows so they call up and they they interact with me One from a little advantage right like one will be out what will be on like the phone was accurate Reaper for like a half an hour before he goes on the air Making bugs and friends and chitty chatting and who's decision is that is that the individual host decision or are they are the people? Because I as personally if it was me I mean I would have fired as much as I like Zack and I can't stand Robert Creeper I would have fired both the rest a long time ago because to be honest with you Anybody producing the show that puts the same people on their every single day They there's this you're just not doing the job You're not doing a job. Yeah, but then you don't have any colors How do you listen? How do you know that unless you try it? Because shows that encourage people the same ones to call every day Not only don't have any colors. They don't have any listeners nobody wants to hear the same chronic voices every single day And the other thing is all the colors I mean they're stupid, but they're not that stupid. They change their names They use different voices. Yeah, the call four times trying to show with like different accents What the fact of the matter is that our people will talk to them every time they call Because even after the first few seconds and you realize all of a sudden it's that chronic Joe or it's chronic Kevin or it's chronic Juan from a little of that Who would I always or Reverend Jones? They keep talking to him like no problem It is coma inducing man of some new Congress actually the only guy that's pretty strict with his colors is eddy K My eddy K bitches everybody out. Yeah, which I do like that, but he bitches everybody on Well look at the initial response on his pull 31 votes Which of these do you most strongly believe George W Bush had advanced now to ban 11 only two other vosh officials had advanced warning three Nobody in government had a clue four heads out of roll at the FBI and or CIA for pretty different 9.5 and George W Bush would be impeached for line to Congress and the public 17 and he really go All the time the graphic played on the whole God the kids today don't know what's good did like that song. I'm happy I live in a split level head You remember that How can you listen? I'm happy I live in a split level head. I'm happy I live in a split level head. You remember that No, why am I surrounded by morons? Don't you call me how he? Nothing's responding to your comi You sure us back idea You beni do with a poem Oh Okay, that goes for you You like I can take a shout of advice I came down here after losing my charm. To be a face fish. In a little pond. When they kicked me off me, a stingy and they told me Don't come back again. I had some problems with wise guys, who advised I moved to power and dice. You are rude. Yeah. Boy, that's basically a lace all the way down. I got one. You're a lion. And I hope that kids does what dice. I hope he's dying. I hope you're all dying. I'm a big fish of a little pond. See you. A big fish of a little pond. Is that a pretty little pond? I'm a big fish of a little pond. A big fish of a little pond. A big fish of a little pond. A big fish of a little pond. Oh, what is going on? Anybody have a door at this? Absolutely. Prop 28, boy. My psychic powers have kicked in today. Big time. What did I say to you? Was it before the show? When I was telling you about this Michael Jackson finds Islam? Yeah. And what did I say about playing the race card? You said it would happen. And who did I say the prophet get his the attorney? I'm looking at your body. Cockering? I'm looking at the fudge report right now and in red. When it's in red, it could go. Oh. Anytime we see any headline and red on the fudge report, everybody goes. Shhh. Shhh. It's report. Super lawyer. Johnny Cockering to take Michael Jackson case. How do you like that? Shhh. As Neil psychic powers kicking again. If you tune in late, shame on you. Because we expect everybody to listen all four hours every day. Five days a week. Don't wait. Korsnut. Jack will find Islam. God just read the little bit. This morning's New York Post. The king of pop is restarting himself. Jack OX. As Johnny Cockering in a whole bunch of big. Because obviously now see if there was any doubt in anybody's mind. Once Johnny Cockering starts into a case like this like, Oh, jay, there's one word that comes to your mind. What's the word begins with a G-ends and why? guilty. Got it beast. Got it. What is he eating Josh? He's got it. You have got to be. Uh huh. He's not eating. Probably got you probably got to cheer with your back to Josh. Turn toward the wall. Stuff and stuff into your post. I guarantee it. No. Yes you are. No. Michael's. Oh brother. Talk about it. Yeah. Listen to that. Tittering like a little girl in some fiscal night with you tonight. Boy, wait till she gets a load of your act huh? A load. Yeah. She ain't getting a load from you. She got a load of crap. In fact, what she needs to more ice cream before your date. No, thank you. Michael Jackson last night became a member of the Nation of Islam. And sources told the New York Post his religious change over comes along with a shake up of his personal staff. High ranking members of the Nation of Islam and the working to bring Jackson into Refinn Louis, Farracans, Flag, Flag, Flag and Jackson's conversion is now well known in the N.O.I. Community, the Nation of Islam, the N.O.I. community. Exactly. Why Jackson? You've heard it wasn't there to the post sources. But now we're starting to see the race card on the horizon. Fox News is website reporting yesterday that Jackson's brother, a man who converted to Islam at 1989, has been seeking to win favor with his more famous sibling. He wants in on that cash. And his broadfair accounts chief of staff, Leonard F. Muhammad, and a Jackson Jacko's inner circle is a bodyguard. And. Although there's talk in Jackson's camp that they want to replace defensive and mark Garagos, the high price Hollywood attorney appeared in firm control yesterday. But the world famous Fudryport says in red no less in red. Oh my God. Report, super lawyer Johnny Cochring to take Michael Jackson case. Even Bill Orale would have to believe that even as much as he and this Fudryer are Smith, Smith, Smith fighting. Now great. So if you thought we had some ugly bunch of crap, see I don't understand how somebody can play to race card when they're wider than you are. They're wider than your ass, Michael Jackson. He's been bleaching and bleaching and bleaching. Forget about the nose and all the other body parts. But he's been bleaching that pussy for years now. He's as wide as the fallen snow in goddamn Mr. Saga. So what now is he kidding? By the way, you know any good restaurants in Mr. Saga? Tell me, tell me, guy to call up Don Sherry and he'll, he lives in Mr. Saga, he'll tell him. Let's see, thought this might be of interest rate of Marles, before stating who's this from, who signed that bird? I guess so, yeah. Red, but. But it says don't underestimate development. It's an long thing about leaving a new city of stadium. Okay, thank you very much, Bert. But whoever you are, but it's a kind of pod with scooperated in my leisure time. So if this is the shocking news of the hour that it looks like Johnny Cochring is going to step into the breach, which means guilty. Comes to my mind, not that I had a doubt to begin with. And the four clock this afternoon, they're going to officially file the charges. And you can be sure all the talking in that works will be breathlessly awaiting. And keep your eye on a bouncing balls, keep your ears and eyes open for the dates. I'll be alleged, uh, stuff got it. 76 votes in our second pool. Fected the file, child molestation charges against the pop star Michael Jackson. I just said that wolf, you fashist, you bush liquor. 76 votes, which of these do most strongly believe? George W. Bush had be impeached for lying to Congress in the public. 36, 47.3%. That's what I voted, what do you vote? I voted, uh, actually, no, I couldn't vote. Why not? It just, the poll came up. Like I think someone else in the building got to it before I could. Good. Head's out of royalty FBI and we're CIA for Fated and Prevent 911. 17. Nobody in government had a clue. 10. Changing again. 12. George W. Bush had advanced knowledge of 911. We got eight people believe that. And other Bush officials had advanced warning on other six. But 38.46.3%. Say George W. Bush ought to be impeached. We don't have any impeach of men hearing to go on right now. And instead, what do we get? We get his ratings are so in through the rope. His popularity 63%. He's 20 points ahead of D. 20. 60. The 37% of the election we're right now. Thank goodness it ain't. We talked to one defense attorney who knows Mr. Sned in the prosecutor up here quite well. And he says that if there are heavily graphic details in the documents released today that that could be bad for Mr. Jackson. Uh-oh, you're that heavily graphic details. Squirt, look out. 560560. I'm yet it's going to be so ugly, you know. And wouldn't it be something if we had simultaneous, which you know they wouldn't do it? If we had the Sodom trial going on, Nick, because they said it could happen next summer and the Michael Jackson trial too. What do we have to let go on FM and be in stereo? Yeah, one trial out of it. One trial in the right channel, one in the left channel. That's what I'm thinking. 560560 pound, 560 on the AT&T line 2AM hello. Neil, yes sir. Good morning. And good afternoon to you. Hey, oh, why do you think they would play the race guard to a boy who is the boy in to be found guilty? Yeah, right to avoid riots and be found guilty. There you go. Just like what OJ, that's not what they did to avoid riots. If you was found guilty, no. 27 pass no with your perspricacious crowd at QAM. 560560560520M. Coming next year, the King of Pop, prevent your home town during to benefit the cargo class in school for wayward boys. If Michael Jackson. The movie doesn't pick me. I've got a very epic time. Michael Jackson, let him in. Why? Because I've found you many childhood friends. He's back all the way. My school is a kid. Yes, Michael performs all of his greatest hits from only for the Jackson 5. Get a learn and an ABC. I'm in their own money. Remove and then go to the ABC. Baby, see, follow me. Baby, you and me. That's right. From the time of tunes of the Jackson 5, the classic solo work, Michael Jackson benefits your aims to play. I'm a big boy, I'm so proud of you. And I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I know it's a game that we can play to find out at the end of your life. It's time to free Lily. I say, say, what you want, but you know who right, to the fetch and the meadow. How to read, but to the voice that may arise. And here are the rousing finale, as Michael sings the song he wrote for the show in of the world, with the Vienna voice choir, the hacking hymn. I don't like girls. I like girls, children. They are the ones who turn me on and hate. I hope they're willing. If such awesome making, I might too have been alive. But it's true they make you think it's late. We're gonna get you to start. Here are other great Michael Jackson classics. Like Billy's James, do you know how to build time? And of course, smooth criminal and drugs with Michael Jackson's tour. To benefit the Carnot class in school, for wayward boys. Get your tickets now. Boys and her 10th have been in free when a company buy no one. They're white. They're very, very tired. They're black. They're white. They're really, really tired. They're very tired. 12, 23, and 5, 60, WCM. Why do you think they're gonna play that race car? Maybe like so. Everybody go to Carl's Junior and get some of the new burgers without the buns? 114 votes. I mean, that was an excellent call. That's one of the best we've had all day. And we've had some real good ones. 114 votes. Which of these do you most strongly believe? George W. Bush should be impeached for lying to Congress in the public. 56. 49.1%. Heads are to roll the FBI and or CIA for failing to prevent 9.11. 22. Nobody in government had a clue. 15. George W. Bush had advanced now to 9.11. 13. And other officials had advanced warning. 8 out of 11 14. Kind of a mixed bag. Although pretty heavy on the impeachment team. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and T and Verizon line. Kimberbowt, camper at two for the mad dog, who's screwing off this week. The Humper, the, uh, what is it? The load. The load will be a long hank from 4 to 7 with Bino Cook. Who's a load of crap. Bino 5 to 6 per a cool hotline from Tony Romas at 7 tonight. College Bull preview at Tony Romas at 9. Boy, we got some, we got everything sold. Man, you name it. We got a sponsor for it. Tech clock. It's any K and Joe Markov and I 2 to 5. But I'm warning of course tonight. They're going to be broadcasting live from Cafe Guana. And all three to set a clock of our night. They'll be hanging out. They won't be on the year. Thank God. But they'll be hanging out at Cafe Guana. Uh, for you come by and bring toys. New and unwrap toys to benefit. Joe Damascus Children's Hospital. You're doing Josh. He's got 300 300 which means that's a pretty exciting number. You want to know why? I'm glad you asked. Because that means the next CD or more Howard David of Keychain. That anybody purchases? Uh, little put us over a 49 grand. 48,890. In fact, I bet you that somebody in the building is probably racing across this street to the sub center right now. I'll let me need the one. No. No. No. I'm sure the beast is on his way right now. Hey, I gave. Did you? Yes, I did. You gave it the orifice. That's what I heard. 5 6 7 0 5 60. We're 24 minutes away from one o'clock when a little hand. It's the big hand. And those ratings numbers are. You can out for the. What is it? September October of Ember trends. Two thirds of the fall rating book and a propitious attorney point. I'm talking to. Gonna be mighty huge. W to Q. M. Good one. W to Q. Hello. Hey, how's it going, man? Pretty good sir. Good. Listen, I went over to. Where's the model. America's on Saturday. I picked up your CD. It was pretty good. I'm really question to have is. Where do you get like the old archive one? Like the old back in the day. Can't do it. Can't do it. No, God's. Uh, electric. One more thing. Any. You know, when you play that about 30 man thing. Is it like a man? Yeah. Isn't that from who wants a millionaire or something? No, that's from that. That's from that bit we plan. Who wants a millionaire right. But third man. Which is coming up soon. Okay. Thanks Neil. Take care, man. Have a great day, pal. Yeah, we haven't played that a long time. We just in the. Whoever the hell is this. Who is that? Would read just. Oh, D.B. Read just. And what does that call? Uh-oh. I don't know what that. That thing is called. Beast. I don't know. What do you mean you don't know? You're supposed to be on top of everything. I don't know what George puts it under this thing. Is it called who wants to be a millionaire? How do I know George? Maybe it's P. Did he in their reges, huh? You think? Puff? I'm looking. Puff the magic wrapper. Puff he with reges, millionaire. I think it starts out like something like that. It's coming up soon. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. Listen, when you got about 25 million bits in this thing, it's a miracle you can remember anything. I think it's a great test. A testicle to our sanity. 48.6% say we want the impeachment start right now. Before the weekend, before Johnny Cochrane throws his hat in the ring. Oh. WQAM. Yopter Candy Cain. WQAM. WQAM. Speaking. Nessir. Retire. Aphor. Okay. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. WQAM. Going once or twice. Yes. I think that you write when you said that this occupation is based in online. That guy who was called last Sunday was a study. He was set across. Yeah. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a QM, goofball line. Hello. Hey, now what's going on? Not too much. You can hear it. Yeah. Be a few fat bits. WQAM. It was. What's on the line? WQAM. Hello. Yes. I like to. I like to. That's. That's. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon. I'm all waiting for some more. He's really good calls. They're on there. But they will come down. Matt Bivenson in the nation and the daily outreach column rights. They're not so long arm of Saddam. Very short. He says back when we citizens were struggling to follow the debates of whether to track a comment often heard. Often in a half-douding half-hopeful tone was, they, meaning the foreign policy elites in Congress and the White House, probably know some things that we don't yet. We assume that no one would be foolish enough to drag us half-assed into a land war in the Middle East. Indeed, the very fact that even as rank and crowd Democrats were saying no to war, congressional Democrats were reluctantly saying yes, seem to support the logic they had been told things we had. Now comes the potential blockbuster of a claim. Democratic Senator Bill Nelson of Florida says the Bush administration lies to your told him about 75 other senators that are classified briefing that Iraq not only had terrifying weapons, but also a means to deliver them to East Coast cities. Nelson wouldn't say who made that startling behind closed or as plain, though the White House directed questions about it to a title of Pentagon, but aside from this claim of an Iraqi long-wain threat to the East Coast, apparently having been totally wrong. It was also a far more alarming that the claim that was far more alarming or claimed that ever was put before the public. It was also likely a claim like who had been ripped apart by non-government experts. Why was that why it was only whispered in a few senatorial ears he asked? Isn't it time for senators to speak out frankly about what they were told about, Iraq? After all, it sounds like they got a different story than the rest of us. That asshole Lude Dodd that fat faced the suffocatingizing puts on CNN last night had the James Wulsey on there poop-poofing out of this. Well, Bill Nelson wasn't really told that. He did really understand what they were telling. And he had a bull crab, okay? Bull crab. Like, like, most people breathe the fresh air. It's kind of like red green, you know what I'm saying? It's like a wave light. Nine, and low fall. This is for three of five-si-ti. Two, and a-a-a. Fun. Think to bat dead, whits nipping goo. He goes on a russ-struck and embark, bouncing off the walls. And we have to. He goes on a russ-struck and embark. He goes on a russ-struck and embark. He goes on a russ-struck and embark. He goes on a russ-struck and embark. And low fall, and low fall. He goes on a russ-struck and embark. Snorting and hopping in illegal accocations. He goes on a russ-struck and embark. He goes on a russ-struck and embark. He goes on a russ-struck and embark. He goes on a russ-struck and embark. Two girls can't be. I had the pretty bright friends. And a bit for me. It's a Jon... John. He is next. He's the world crew. He's the chief of the world's law. Under the rug is where the story is going. He's doing the rush struggling in pop. And his controls are naked and fishing holes. He's doing the rush struggling in pop. He's doing the rush struggling in pop. And his controls are naked. He's doing the rush struggling in pop. And he's doing the rush struggling in pop. And he's doing the rush struggling in pop. And he's doing the rush struggling in pop. And he's doing the rush struggling in pop. And he's doing the rush struggling in pop. And he's doing the rush struggling in pop. And he's doing the rush struggling in pop. And he's doing the rush struggling in pop. And he's doing the rush struggling in pop. And he's doing the rush struggling in pop. And he's doing the rush struggling in pop. And he's doing the rush struggling in pop. And he's doing the rush struggling in pop. And he's doing the rush struggling in pop. And he's doing the rush struggling in pop. And he's doing the rush struggling in pop. And he's doing the rush struggling in pop. And he's doing the rush struggling in pop. And he's doing the rush struggling in pop. And he's doing the rush struggling in pop. And he's doing the rush struggling in pop. And he's doing the rush struggling in pop. All the way up. 70560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. How's that pull coming while these calls are building up to a frenzy? 162 votes, which in these do you most strongly believe? George W. Bush had advanced announced it on 1114. Other Bush officials had advanced warning 14. Nobody in government had a clue 18. Heds out a roll of the FBI and or CIA for Faded to prevent 9.1134. And George W. Bush should be in Peach for line to Congress in the public. He's got a 50.6% 82% right now. WQM the famous line 9. Hello. I'm never happy. See? We can tell. WQM hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. This is George. How you doing? Okay, I love this. So I listen to George when George is on. I find him very entertaining. I just want to let you know. I am a Christian, but even though I am, I still love looking for an attainment. Yes. I mean, it's great. I'm going to tell us that you're a Christian. Is there any special significance to that? I mean, you're not going to bring in hell for listening to the show. Is that a one of the way I think it's going to be. No, you're not. Your chance is, huh? It's not that. It's just that you guys seem to be very, very hard on Christians. You seem very hard on the group's period of anybody who seems to believe at all in God. In theory tales, yeah. That's right. I'm going to give you theory tales. We like theories, but not theory tales. I understand that. You have the right to say that. I just enjoy the show. Well, thanks a lot, Pali and God bless you and happy Christmas. You too. Thank you. And the happy quans in Maryah Hanukkah and all these other ridiculous things. Five to eight, listen, it's good for business. It raises a lot of money. Everything is about money. The world is a business. And all the other stuff is just window dressing. Just don't ever forget that. That's the one thing we can all agree on if you got half a brain. Everything is about business. Religious and big tax-free business. All the holidays are just to generate more business. And of course, the drink. And you a lot of food. Get drunk. All of these things. I like the Beast Hoopsie world and I doubt it. I don't think you're getting any. Don't get your hopes up. Good, it could happen. No, you won't have the customer paid. I'm not. You made on the internet. Is she like one of these like shut-ins, really desperate. That's never uh, huh? No. Has she ever seen a penis? I'm not talking about a drawing, but is she ever actually seen one like live an in person? I'm sure she has. You're positive? I'm positive. Well, I'm glad she has an a past because five, six, seven, five, six. I don't think there's anything on the horizon for her this evening. That's the first date, of course not. WQAM, hello. It's the first date, of course not. Did I really hear correctly? I am a man. What a joke that is. WQAM, hello. That's how I'm a current storming. QAM? Hi, man. I'm Eary. It sounds like you. Yes. Let me ask you a question. Go ahead. I never had a chance to catch the end of recwium for a dream. And again, missing at any time it comes on cable. You're acting up too much of it. What happened at the end of the movie? How far did you get? I got to the apartment. It committed the mother. Right. And I got to the park where I was. I was here. I asked for a day. Did Harry make it with a purple vein in the hospital? I don't think so. I was watching a one night. My son started crying and I missed the last colleague 20 minutes of it. My hold is your son. He just turned to you today. Oh, well, today. Happy birthday, son. I'm here for you. You got to go to your drop. You love your Roy and you love your dot 30-man drop. Roll. I don't want to worry, man. You got to go right at it. So you got to see it for yourself. All right, man. Okay. If I go with your kid, he'll never do drugs. If he's your only one. I think I'm going to be a good holiday. Bye-bye. This is perfect for these calls today, man. The fact is last time he made me the best call of the day. At least one of them anyway. It sounded like he actually was almost rational. We've learned a lot of pressure, man. He got to buy gifts. All the poor Jews. They got to buy a different gift every day for eight days. Purchy nuka. Real scam if I ever heard of them. Although at least they got to give Tulsa. And at Christmas, of course, you got to buy something really big and stay on the tree. I love this. Now you've seen the movie, right? We'll come here. No, you've seen. Have you seen anything we saw for a king of all people? Yes. I know. I should just not get into the dinner tonight. What was that? We've had a spacey place of death row in May. It was a philosophy professor. Does the movie have a name or is it? It's something about David Gail. I forget the, something about the lines of David Gail, something about the. I could do it when Sarah Gold Park together in the end is joint man. What a match made in heaven. It's a great suit. I don't know. I want to give you a kiss. All right. Gail needed it because there weren't any clues. It's a must see, wrecking for dream. One of the great movies of all time. See, it's that one of these things where it's like debatable. But Gail's comment was, well, I just don't get it. What's the point? What's what's the point? 1254 and 560 WDQAM. QAM. Hello. Good afternoon, sir. Good afternoon, sir. Yes, just one holiday favor. Go ahead. Would you please ask Santa for a new wardrobe? Yes. Very good. Very good. That's the guy who finds some different creative way to get a good shot. And he's about the fact that I'm a sloth. I really don't care about my wardrobe. And you should mind so much either. Hey, pal. You can ask me for some pants. I can get some checkered pants for all of the loot. Probably at least loaning to me for the holidays. Oh, I don't, I don't like that musk right here on my pants. I kind of, it's a pain in the extent of brush that off. In fact, every time I'm there, I kind of give them a deal. Brush off. 560, 50560. Hey, Chamo. Hey, to like boys, even right now, holidays. There ain't no difference. Okay. Come on. Everybody's ever letting up on a moment. It's just stick, isn't it? No. It's real serious hate. Just like you and him hate. You despise him. You wish that something evil in horrendous would happen. You can't even see his grotesque old ugly ass. You know you do. See, and there's no even denial. There's no, right. You can say it. He's not going to be on his show again. What do you care? Here's the pull result. 177 votes on the poll so far. This hour and a second poll. Which of these do you most strongly believe? George W. Bush had advanced now to November 11, 14. Other Bush officials had advanced warning. 16. Just change again. Nobody in government had a clue. 23. Well, crossing interpret that different ways. Hands out of roll if the FBI and RSI, from faded to prevent 9.11. 37. And George W. Bush should be in peace for lying to Congress in the public. 90 out of 1.82. 49.4%. Oh, my little little girl. This is five six years. Three years old. You're so cute. Yeah. But heads, it's the one to do hour. Any policies that we're lacking in the poll? Hey, Provana, headline that will be you by the door. Yeah. You say, and say, is the one to get. Now they have only one to take. Take the rest. Don't forget us and down. We got it. Now we're all talking and saying, you got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. You say, none of the levels were paid back. You can't believe. Can't you read it, but I won't call it a good thing. You believe. What is it? And it's like the call. I left the room for you. I said you and I raised you. But I still yearn to stay. So they call it a good call. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. You're going to hear it. You're going to hear it. You're going to hear it. You're going to hear it. One. One. Look at these initial numbers that come in over by can't believe how soon he's been coming in. So far they mean nothing. Because he's there 12 plus overall a whole week. They mean nothing. But I got some numbers and I also got a great column here by Martin Lafayev of the scoop which is on our website. But it's not really long. I'm going to read it. It's a perfect. Number 1 station in South Florida for a September October to remember overall 12 plus WLIF. Slush. 5.2 share. There are always number 1. You wanted to win? Because every doctor's office, every dentist's office, every secretary's got life in the background. WCMQFM, all this means it's a big spik, uh, trend. WCMQFM, a 5.0. Number 2. And WDR drops from 1st to 3rd, 4.9. So it's the spows against the shows. It's one hell of a battle man. Who's bringing these numbers in Miguel? Yep. Did we ever get our 10 additional buss by the way over there at the Chucks? Yeah, we now have 400. All right. We're doing it, man. Slowly but surely even with Scott Jr. there, which is enough to drive anybody away. So that's 400. So that's a way to win it. Maybe I'm wrong. Maybe I'm Edmrah. 48,990. How to have that I get my math all screwed up? We have 400. Correct? We started the day with four. I think I had a, uh, Chuck's 100 twice. We have 48,990. So we're still 10 dollars short of a 49 grand. For $1,010 short of, um, 50 grand, which we'll do that this week easy. Why feel a lot better now, Rochew? Because if we went to the 50 grander, been a lot of heads roll in that place, Miguel. Anyway, let's see who my look at at WPO power. Well, who cares about power, uh, fourth 12 plus W, uh, AQI radio Mombias, fifth 4.7 radio, a more hot man, Sposings, throws us anybody speaking with Shanymore. Yeah, man. Besides that slush music station lifeless, Radio Romance, Wiod, a 3.3 and a summer book and a Stringer and the first friend is Stringer 33. WQM, a 29 and last trend, a 29 and this one. So it's not not to exciting so far, see what I'm saying. But we got something. There's 12 plus, there's the first, uh, which gives me a golden moment here, golden shower. Just sneaking in a circle by Martin LaFay. Okay. No, it's good. It's excellent. It was a Hoot-Waxy American media salivate, Ophosodoms capture acting as though their militarism and show it as a assembly been vindicated. CNN NBC CBS Navy SE anchors could barely contain them a cob glee. Wholph blitzer, a Pentagon favorite leading the blitz creek of CNN reporting, could barely contain himself. He delighting and running down the list of democratic candidates and politicians, jumping on the hooray for President Bush and our brave troops, Van Wagon. Pandering to the Pearl American sensibility he giddly in tone, Sodom didn't care about anyone. That gets the word for most ass-in-ise statement by a major US commentator Wholph. Lou Dobbs who have always been counted on to be the most shamelessly jinglestick of CNN's anchors, pontificated about how a rackies had no sense of gratitude, just a sense of entitlement after all the good and great things America's done for them. Meanwhile, the slaying and inability to connect even the most obvious dots of darkness and deadness of this country, Dobbs continued his committed syncopation by lamenting about how there's a noticeably absent Christmas spirit in many communities around the country, abandoning all journalistic restraint he declared that the tyranny of the few such as the ACLU is pushing aside America's history culture and heritage, like the B.M. author of America itself he ludicrously lumbered on, might this impact retail sales? Just what you think they've hit rock bottom, they go and dig a new bottom. Yes, Lou, Jesus would certainly agree, we kept it the bookie man, now let's see more sales. President Bush is the cheerleader of these danty and forest, would he use the same words that 80% of the world would use next to remember, and this world is better off without you. Some questions are beginning to take hold after this defining moment of meaninglessness. After this defining moment of meaninglessness, those who say in the ignominious end just to find America's word choice, was it worth thousands of lives and upwards of $150 billion to capture this rat in his hole? Unfortunately, impars are undone not by spelling the blood of their soldiers and other countries but by bankrupting their own treasure, even their insatiable quest to maintain an extended power. Fortunately for humanity, however George Bush doesn't believe in the federal government, but actually wants to see a bankruptin as a way of shrinking its size. If you think that sounds a tad contradictory, given his belief in the exponential growth and already obscene military, then you're guilty of reason. In a half-way civilized world, Bush and his henchmen would also go on trial for crimes against humanity, whereas never a means to freed him peace into democracy, God may have uses for war but men and women cannot. A principal that will be embodied in the emerging international law that Bush openly scots at is this. When quays I elected leaders of formerly democratic countries in Vadewee countries ruled by evil tyrants, they'd become evil tyrants themselves. Finally, there's the question of justice. We will work with the Iraqis to develop a process to try to, who, to try who's saying, spoke the corporate dummy about America's puppet regime. Translation, we caught him, so we'll try him, but we'll use the Iraqis to do it so it doesn't look like Victor's justice. The Bushites actually believe they can square executing who same with international law when even America's closest said to it's UN envoy, we would have no part of a tribunal or a process that had the death penalty as one of its penalties. Who says travel or reflect an appeal to the basis instincts in human nature, it'll be sickening to watch even in small doses evil trying evil. Martin LaFave in a scoop, good article on our website today. Okay, what do we got here? Good news, your bad news. Persons 12 plus 6 to 10 am, these see these 12 plus numbers mean nothing but a kill some good time. Radio on more, I told you it's a spo inch foe trend man. Radio on more is number one, 5.5, you ain't but it listens to a radio on more? No. WHQT hot is number two, 5.4. Radio Mambino, speaking in glaze, 5.2 and a morning 12 plus all those old li Cubanos. Big, 5.1, big jump up there, big, WBG, the Howard station. Life. Where the hell is everybody else? WIOD in a morning, Q.8. Where's Q.A.M? I don't find them on the second page. Uh oh, but again these are 12 plus numbers. Dropping from a two seven to a two point four. You see that? You know who's going to be upset about that? Absolutely. Uh oh. Probably was for well, don't you think? Oh yeah, it was all for us. But this is only 12 plus. What do we care about that small potato? Okay. These are just some initial numbers to keep the audience. Uh it's like an appetizer. You see what I'm saying? Just a little tease until we get the important numbers in. Really people care about these numbers that are people in the business. Everybody else screw off. You know, it's a holiday's leave us alone. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 0, here comes the mid day 12 plus numbers. How much of these are going to be week? Not our demo, man. 12 plus. We don't care about 90 year old Greeks. 90 year old geeks. We got plenty of them. They're all calling in today. Let's see, W life mid day 6.7. Look at that. You can't be life man. It's on like I said in the air. I'll be all the elevator music. You ever listen to life? Never. Not in your life. I don't even know what station that is. I think it's 101.5. Oh, we're pretty flat here. Let's see 12 plus mid day 34 to 33. About the same. Wiond though, mid day is 4 3 to 44. That must be the return of rush. Oh. We got tourists now, baby, with the return of rush. Do you think? Number one station 12 plus mid day life. CMQ FM is second. Love 94 is third with a 4.9. Woo. And radio amore 4.7. Amore. I like roll net tongue like that. Makes you a tickles you tonsils. So there comes those seat. Until we get through these 12 plus numbers. I don't even know why I have your send these to me. If I get to bring these in even. I don't know. Do we care about these? Yeah, after New Zealand's way. The afternoon 12 plus. Okay, and the meantime, let's take some important calls. Because until we start into the many team plus and the other demographics, this is so meaningless. It's a cruel unusual punishment. So keep this upon our vast audience. WQN, hello. Why are you talking about the kidney transplant from Malk? Well, hello. Hello. Hello. Yes. Don't you have the money. You can pretty much get anything, Dr. Greve? Yes, that's right. Good point. How many other people do you think are on the list waiting ahead of Zolv? I've heard a man. And if you hear the books to show yesterday news. Why did not? He said the dolphins need to go to a higher power. I guess he was looking for the great one. There you go. You know what I mean? What I was trying to say to you. But he was trying to say to the assures they haven't got a prayers. What he was trying to say in a nice way. Being the gentile gentile. It is. Looks good guy. He just don't want to like pile on. You know, anybody can pile on now. It's easy. Here comes those acting. No numbers 12 plus baby. Life. They're just demolishing the market man. Life. They're sucking up the audience. They got a six point. They're number one and the afternoon 12 plus. They're demographic. But nobody cares about. Power's number two. WEDR. WMIV. Man in black with a five point. Number four. Ever listen to WMIV. Yeah, I do actually. What's going on? You listen to it? Yeah, I like the hip hop. Yeah, you're really. You look like the kind of guy who needs to hop. First you start first your model and then you graduate then you start hopping. And they actually like walk like a human being as opposed to like. Shuffling down a hall like a schmoo. Wow. People are yelling. Love 94 or four four. I'm looking for a station that we have heard of before. Is there an AM station on this first page? No. Second page in the afternoon. Let's see. Wild 35 down to a three four. Not much of a change. Pretty much flat. Doesn't look like any major changes. Q AM 32 32 flat. So nothing going on there. And you want to make the. The. I'm a good. You want to. Me 18 plus money to the sun there. Have you got it? Six a.m. to midnight. Yes. Yeah. Number one. It's on the way. Yeah. We're number one. Right. Well, it's about time we got something that meant something instead of all this damn Sticking for play for Christ. Six. We're number one. Overall. That what you tell me. Number one. Excellent. Okay. That's how we hear about is getting a bonus money. This is only two thirds of the book keep in mind. Okay. This is just a trend. Nobody really cares about a trend. But it kills some really important time on a show number one. And number two, the other people are working to business who work their asses off. Working for a peanuts most of them. They like to find out if they still got a job man or if the format's going to change next week. I think we can fairly say that we still got a job. Some of us. Now you're factually the night's 12 plus Jesus got all mighty. Now what is this September October November? Well, there should be, um, I don't know because of Marlins and see two four to two six. There was a little bit of a, uh, blip there because everybody watched the world series on television, right? Plus who the hell wants to hear the world series with Dave Van Boring? Am I right? Absolutely. I know you don't want to say anything because you're like, I hope it'll get his either as hairpiece or his wife or both. But you got no chance to get neither one of them. That's what Dave told me. So you got there. You know, we got all the 12 plus numbers and quite frankly, who's number one and I already will mom be. W. A QI'll then Wolf Kuvano's manager get it around her radio's a download park and they're going like, Hey, could I eat black? Nah, not like that. You know how they go down there or download park more like. Just like that. That's what they're doing. One thirteen if five sixty wqf if you're a hair is gone by a buy here's the answer for it. Don't take one of them pasty looking muskrads. Many make it look like a clown. Don't get yourself some real hair. All right, right another paper one moment please. Okay. In a fact machine. Are you there? I have morning. So I'll, I'll be the way on that. No, I just don't want to be a shit. Okay. I don't know. This is just all very exciting. I don't know what to do with myself. I could give you a suggestion but we don't have time for you to find it. Anyway, if you're looking for your hair if you got a search party and still can find it. Chuck Alfier is the guy I want to talk to because Charlie's got the most fantastic technology cause it the natural hairline system. And when you finish with his piece it looks like real hair like it's really grown out of your scalp as opposed to like straw as opposed to like a nasty looking dead animal on your head as opposed to holes in the head of those implants all those other gross test things. No dangerous pills to take just a great looking hit a hair. And you have nothing at all to lose but that shiny ugly bald spot because everybody gets Charlie's 30 days. But third man. Parenty. After 30 days if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, if you're not getting more action than you ever dreamed you could handle, then the Charlie gives you a full refund no question to ask. And be sure, imagine he arages when you call because it means an extra two hundred bucks off you're already reasonable price. So if you want to get your hair back and look like a man should look younger and better than you ever dreamed again, here's the easy way to do it. Forget everybody else call Chuck Alfier a toll free at 1 800 3 21 24 13. That's 1 800 3 21 24 13 or log out of their prestigious website Charles Alfierie.com. We are supposed to be in 5 6 4. You a M. Number one. BAMMIT. Oh. Pretty depressing numbers, baby. I'll pick that. It's in the end. We'll be getting to the end. Miami has the confidence they're the worst football team. You're a fake club football from goal to goal like no one's ever seen. They're on the ground that's where they'll stay. They're never in control. And when you say Miami, you're talking toilet holders. They're the Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many teams in the league? 32. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Don't bet on them. You're always loose. They don't know how to tackle. They don't know how to block. No. Their coaches ought to tell them to put their day in their tracks. Then they would run much faster and even in defeats. When we go to the stadium, we'll see Miami. And they're the Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many teams in the league? 32. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. The team that hasn't got a clue. Miami has the dolphins, but the dolphins have no fans. Just 50,000 assholes sitting in the stands. They watch the game and all they do is mowing in gripe and bitch. I wonder how Joe Robby got to be so goddamn rich and there the Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many teams in the league? 32. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. I hear the crowd begin to boo. The dolphins have great feedback. That quarter, back sit you. Run down the field and he will throw up past over you. I'll never win a super bowl. You shouldn't be surprised when he gets cut. That doesn't mean that he was circumcised in there. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many teams in the league? 32. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Chacals his signals in Hebrew. The dolphins have no defense in their offenses. A joke like George Bush eating pretzels. You know they're gonna choke. They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race. With fewer points than puck marks on. Hisingas. We've faced them. Are you sure? Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many teams in the league? 32. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Now they're free. Wow. These numbers are just the disaster. This is the master of this action on a face of the dead. It's so bad. Did you stop passing me by the way the afternoon? It's a bit of an issue. What was the last thing you got? First page of three to seven. I don't really need the rest of them. It's kind of a mood point. Okay. Because I can refaction. I don't need anything else. It's about the fact that everything I need. So don't waste any more of my fan space. We can do good. I beg your pardon. We can't. We don't. We don't care about the weekend. We really care about the weekend. No. It's the least of our concerns. None of it was good. We're number one or all three day parts. How could you possibly be so negative? No. Real easy. Because I extrapolated the monthly numbers and November was a disaster. Mornings. Or for all, let's see. Overall. Number one. Underwear not number one. And the morning and men. Overall. 5.5. WCM is number one in men. An 18 plus. WCMQ. This was such a heavy sponge. Shrote red man. They couldn't find any white people speaking. WCMQFM. All-web's. What's the date of the day? Music? We have no idea what WCMQF. What is it? Huchi Kuchi? No idea. It's 5.2. The number two. WAKUAD. HODOMONV. 5.3. Boy. What's this other stuff you're sending me now? Beast. There might be nights. I don't want nights. How about verses 25-54 would be nice. Something. Something that I want. Mid-days. We're still number one mid-days. But boy, just barely by a... Well, let's see mornings first. Big. Howard sperm goes way back up again. He's not only still number one. He goes from a 7-1 in the last trend to an 8.1 for Hauy. A Radoon P. Number 2. 5.9. WCMDRAP. Some of 5.2 in men to a 4.7 in the morning. And this is what's still with Farell. Although actually in a month and November, they did better than any of the rest of us. WLODW. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? And that's the way you're doing the... What? What? What? What? Hey! What? What? What? What? What? What? That's the way is implemented. What? What happened? What? What? What? What. That's door the old-time worst 56070560 pound 560 on the AT&T and in fact I think it's highly this could be the first time in six years that we don't make the bonus in midday And you know what Tough to the Let's see persons 25 to 54 us It would for a whole week. Let me take a puke at this. This is so meaningless this stuff you send me now Wiod drop in from a three to a two nine airbout flat where's QAM? Are we a did we make the cut? Are we anywhere on the sheet? QAM three out of a two eight see all the way around out here I was in one night telling you were dropping off of a bad August We're dropping off of bad August so if no member was decent we should have done pretty well was it decent? No, no, it was it was bad So you know the mighty handful in we were all used to be great here on QAM and then they kept screwing it line up and jerking the audience around and now Run away out of business. Tell your police But you're pardoned. Yeah, it's all your fault It's my fault. There's no question about that if I was there if I was there to like lead everybody by the nose around Probably could like stick everything back on top and my coming back. No, not soon How big a pardon? Yeah, you're out of touch And touch this funny six after one at five 60 WM hate touch the phone man and call our friends a dynamite person give a great gift I mean you don't have to go shopping fight the traffic all the parking hassles just pick up the phone and make a gift to take it from Dautama Triss a great gift idea for some folks who really care about call them now at 1-800 Macros and give the gift I'll be taking you for night in and night out Dautama Triss has got gifts certificates in any denomination and in the master bedroom bed makes a perfect gift You're both in joy for years. It's not a mattress no phony promises no bait and switch just great discount prices every day On a brand name's you know trust and love now including students van Anna's foster Dautama Triss has got the guarantee laws prices anywhere Unsterns and foster hew it when you call dial my Chris 1-800 Macros you picked it in time for delivery any to our window 7 days week from eight in the morning till 10 at night Believe me you'll feel the difference on the sales practices fantastic service everyday low prices Same day delivery plus free setup and move all these things make it simple to see dial my Chris is the best anywhere's customer satisfaction So for the best service going anywhere called dial my Chris toll free like everybody else at QM is doing call 1-800 Macros 1-800 MATTR ES or check them out online at matris.com happy holidays from the good folks at dial a mattress know Free All義 E E HS G laws Fisher Oh bell sir my College shelf I'm just hate a fail. Don't break a nail. No ma's, these one days fail. Well 31 at 560 WWC, but this is a death nail this trend. You know what this is just, I bet you'd do this high none of the days. Right here actually. Is he really? Yeah. Bob and I snow on you. What are we going to do now? After all these years, got to come up with some other kind of a lot of work. Maybe a floor sweeping? Chef and a restaurant spitting a soup? I'm looking for a new maid at the house. Yeah. Oh thanks. This is bad. Can you believe how bad this is? I just extrapolated and I see what you're talking about. Ooh. We got a 4-4 in men in 18 plus a midday and the ambulance got a 4-9. Even a morning's got a 5-something, a 5-6. Morning's got a divestive all. And that wasn't so great. It wasn't bad. And 25-54. I'm looking at this person's 25-54. We fell off the end of the man. 4-0 to a 3-4. I mean, we did like about a 6-5 in men. So, when they could man, we got to pray for a big December. We got to have Sandy clothes. Bring us a big month of December or in the cramp. The summer is not on what it is, but the fall book on this station has never been good for me. I don't know what that is. We've always been number one, but it's always like a touch and go. It's always like in a cramper. Plus this is such a heavy ethnic trend man. The waiting on this thing is unbelievable. Am I right? Who knows? What do you mean who knows? Take a puke out of me. The way the... Yes? It looked a little on this Spanish side. A little on the Spanish side. Persons 25-54 in a morning. How 105 went up to a 73 number one. Radio on Morris 3. Radio with Morris 4. Big is second. That's Howard. I mean, the ethnic thing on this, if you're not either black or Hispanic, you forget about it in this book. I'll have to know it's the Mad Dog in the Humphrey. I told you this is all on near-beast where a shoulder is now the Mad Dog in the load. They got to carry the load the rest of the way. Oh, you need us an H share for December. Ha ha ha ha ha. To do what? Do we want to buy? Yeah, no, no. We have two really crappy months going in there, man. A four, four? What kind of a number is that? I had a six, five and a four, four. Yeah, I know exactly what they are. Man, you're not messing with some kind of an amateur here. And we still have a crap number. We still have a six one with an eight. We still wouldn't even be anywhere near number one. So let's like us as the nice no one you. And now the all the pressure. I'm just, I'm just easing back. I'm easing off. I've been doing this long enough. I'm just going to lay back through the best I can get about a two, three share and the good luck to everybody. It's all over. All right, winners are getting the, the diaries. All the rush people. Can't compete with that because the liberals, who you got for liberals, you got old Jews, right? Do we have any old Jews? No. You got the, uh, dark folks do we have any dark folks listening to the show? No. And that's it. That's why liberals are outnumbered this country now because it's strictly amount already. And a few facts. Here's a fact speaking of that that says after going to the dolphin games from almost 20 years now. I couldn't believe my eyes would have been seeing this year a tailgate parties. Young Julios and young Juliettes have set up their portable domino tables. It seems the speaker vacation to Miami is now complete. What kind of assholes play dominoes? It says sick of dolphin football fan in Miami who lives in a trailer park with other asshole gringos. Well good for you. I'll maybe go five or you at stay inside a lot. I just wouldn't show my push too much outside. There's the, and I haven't I've been saying now for the last couple of months where the hell is everybody? Where is the audience? Where did everybody vanish to? Maybe it's just our audience because I look on it and, and to be honest with it, December I think is even going to be worse. I don't want to have an interest breakdown on another one. But I'm just telling you right now, I think the summer's going to be bad. Because I look on my website, I think our people are all gone. They bailed out. They're probably in Mrs. Saga. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. What a shot in the head. I think if George would have been there, they would have done okay. I don't want to blame Beast. I'll take the blame. Okay, it's your fault. WCOM. Hello. Yeah, hey, you guys have lost your signal and Hollywood completely. Maybe that's part of the problem. Yeah, that's a matter of fact. We're off the air right now. Okay. Wait, wait, wait a minute. We're off the air right. You're just going to ride the time you let the we're off the air right now. Well, basically the signal on the air. The engineers are hard at work right now, but we got a blank signal right now. See, Josh, I don't want to break the news to you, but there's no such thing as a blank signal. We have a blank signal on the stage. We have a week signal, but it's your on the air or off the air. There's no such thing as a blank signal. That's into when I haven't quite heard that one before. We have a blank signal. So how long go did that happen? I was just informed actually. They just walked in. Tell me. So it was going to happen like a half an hour ago for all. When it was a big good, because then the audience couldn't hear how crappy we did in the book. Hey, I started with Joe Costello calling me and then I got more people telling me. Yeah. Yeah, George. Of course he said George Corsos on it right now. Oh, well, that should take care of it right there. George Corsos on top of we should be back on. I'd say above all, 455. Just maybe five, 56 in Tampa, and a Humper to say here's B now. We got the big internet audience still going. Well, in that case, I stay out of there. I say it because I don't know for sure when we're going to pop that right away. But my dog, you know, you want to do it. Please, though. I would like to do it, but especially now, I've seen these numbers. But I don't really care. It's not out of this stage of the game. Especially not a day and a happy four vacation. Not a good idea. So, what do we do? Should I place some music? Should we put on the record for Dream again? Should we whistle Dixie? Should we say more than I'm going to do? That's true. We do. Well, could I go check out it? Put the playwatch on. And that's it. That's an even worse idea. I'll put CNN. I'll put Paul's a news on here. Okay. And you can hear that you're on a weather for Castro. And I'll notice K. 67 kilometers an hour. We should have mine is 9. Q to D 60, 7% and the pressure is 100.3 kilo Pascal's and rise the. All right. So, expect today tomorrow and Saturday to be quite cold and then warming up a little bit. A bigger part. How much the kilo pack? Yeah, what's the difference? That's the difference. Any a business. Thanks. I mean, that's just Canadian thing. That's if I'd have some rain for his journey. But that's true. Who knows? Well, that is this edition of City Paul's at noon. Be sure to join Gordon and for Toronto's news on City Paul's at six. Right now, it's time to hear from you live on City Online. I've got that coming up next to Graham. Welcome to the City Online. Thanks for sticking around. Well, it's supposed to be the most wonderful time of the year. But then you have to get stressed out during a holiday season. Give us a call at 416-870-717-16 or 1-800-95-5463 with your questions on coping with stress. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Is it the rating rating there as you like the end of the world or it's cold out? Maybe a pigeon dropped a load or something. That's why we went off the air. Well, I hear that there's a, like, one of those little lizards gets in there. And you heard the lizard story, didn't you? No. Yeah, I'm the ESTL. Beast is laughing. This actually happened. I believe anything is possible without equipment. How could you possibly laugh? So on a side where it's a lizard, eight feet. Where is your eight feet? Wearing up the string in between the two tin cans. Is that it? You started two and on the string, absolutely. I'll leave it next week. Jeez. What these numbers are just appalling. These are horrendous. But the internet audience is getting in on me. This is like a private phone call. So now what did you think of the trend? They sucked. They were pure unadulated Schmidt. Well, speaking of that, how did they do in the afternoon? I would be 490-50-flat. Third. Don't make it off a lot of sense. How big are you, Pern? I don't know, but I'm something you're mail. Go ahead ahead. Fan mail. Go ahead. How about this? I'm looking for a life. Hmm. Oh, this is just gruesome. Because we were dropping off a horrendous August. So I thought we had to go up. Little lie realized. No. Making August looks sensational by comparison. Well, see this. This is part of the problem too. When you get it, this really partisan thing. It's like an election year, but it's not. You know what I mean? Because the war thing going on. If you look back at 2000 and the fall 2000 with the election thing, you took a giant hit there too. Because if the people that don't agree with you don't get the diaries, they won't put you down. So it makes me think, let's not talk about politics anymore. Oh, right. Let's sell out. Let's sell out to the right way. Not. Can't do it. If we work it out to a point three, it's still a two end. I got some good for a buyout. 50 cents of $1,000. Making those choices in terms of how am I going to spend my time and what's most important to make. Because all of us still don't have it. I want you to pretend you're fucking me and my ass. Excuse me. Yeah. Okay. You can't tell if it's quite a good idea. Who has their hand on the dump bus? I need to archer, but. If you push it. You can kill us. It waits for people to walk by. Make a face like, oh, like you're coming. Oh. Oh, no. Well, okay. Let's see them and sell them. Is that going to be you tonight, please? Because this is my penis. Yeah, that's what the beast is going to say. Pretend that this is my penis. Oh, no. Why? Shoo! We will call you Sally. Be bend over like, call you still a four. That will maybe be the pose, okay? Wow. Dorgie Sally was candle-dred. I have a confession. I'm not just modeling at the store. I actually also modeled for people to TV. The other members of the store was out. And then, the cameras were taken care. And it's the camera over here too. I love eating meat. I was told me months had all time to wait TV. I'm so into it. Focusing on playboy TV. Yeah! Stay on! You've got no good mail. Great. Well, we don't have any audience left. I don't have any mail. So what's the deal here? This is like for girls they view that day. This is like same crap all over here. Is this his revenge right now? Is that it? For girls revenge? Yeah. He flew that from Chicago to uh... And boy, he's on fire. Oh, I got news for her. He couldn't have that big of a month because if he would have had a Howard sperm wouldn't have gone way up like that. Because that's where you get the indication. So it must have been moe. Almost to have the number anymore. Absolutely. Yeah, which is, it would be a good reason why I wouldn't get anything. And my uh... Afternoon got some. Mostly probably mad dog. That's it. That's it, I'm sure. You think? Yeah. There were one. His people on there were the rest of us are going to get screwed. We're taking it up the ass when Mo gets his diaries. How to hook an empty possible. I mean, when you look at the stats on our website. And the weekend after Ferrell got canned, it's like somebody turned the switch off like we are right now. I dropped about 40% on the hits on our website every day. Hasn't returned at all. Yeah, it came back some, but not great. Still way down. And I thought that a lot of people were out of town for the holidays. Is there some because George kept telling me, oh, there's no traffic. There's nobody here. Hey, you know Billy Frederick? Who? Billy Frederick? No. Well, you send the checker for a van and per rescue 100 bucks. All right, nice going Billy. To an yellow George greeting's from somewhere in Amsterdam. Dam, wreck. Dam, wreck, right? Uh, he's running a 2 a.m. shirt there. 49, 990. That means if we have another 10 bucks, we're 50 grander there. It's pretty good. He set them in the gilders. And gildy? Yes. And some to gildy? Are these the stats for you, Phil? 49,990. Good thing I'm going to get bail and my money. That's your thing, Kat. Back. Number 8 is Bumble of it. Bumble of it. Going out for the human barn. He's got this. Bring your hands. One minute. Let's go. Maybe what's the vivid double feature on Lair? Add it. Okay. And alone. I'm definitely feeling a little freaked out. Me? Now I'll put my turn. Oh, Habsauq is still there, right? Field. Okay, I'm done. I'd love to go in front of you. 123 more. Can I have some makeuproom for you, too? Yeah. you. Oh look at this sound and good on the internet and Jupiter maybe now Joe Rose what is it now with Joe Rose you'll have a good lead in this says oh. Huh. Isn't that interesting? Hey hi to watch Jupiter on the internet. A couple of holidays seems to go you play the bit Hank the Hammer Goldberg singing the 12 days of Christmas never heard of it. So I almost messed my bridges last time never heard of that. Hank the Hammer Goldberg the 12 days of Christmas. I don't know about that. No such thing. So anybody listening on the internet we're all done here at QM and next we're going back to country and watch the music. Gonna get some of that smit kick and music on there for you. Maybe you get Chris and Boothback. Toby Keith and the Chris and Booster show. Here we have CJ Silas. A grotesque and grotesque trend. This could be one of the all time worst months ever. So the church sent you a Christmas card. Who did? Happy holidays. The Catholics united for life. Oh great well today I'm okay screw him. Tom Cox of course. I can't I can't imagine what Moes are going to say to my her. Oh Neil's done. I don't really give her crap. But Moes says how do you like that? That's absolutely. Yeah he's listening. Someone in the Maryland Central City here. I got something for you Moes. All the crap you could unwrap. Right with a big bow on it. What the beast left after his ice cream feast the other night. Oh don't remind me. Oh feast from the beast for the moat of munch on. Just the bloating and cramps. Yep. You got it. Then that ate those acorns bars. I thought oh my god. This is never going to stop. I went to bed and it's still was you know the hits just get gone. Coming. Make a man. I should have there. Well I'm going to have my celebratory lunch. What is it? No. No. No. Come on. You think we're going to be back on this quick. This probably I'm multi hour thing. Probably the government is not to soften here for not goose stepping with a party line. I mean they're confirmed or deny the multi hour comment. Yeah. But he's open. He recommends we play to. It doesn't really make much difference because we're not already. So you know, we're really care. We're not already. We don't have any plus we got all the last spots. I've got a few most of the spots that are left were trades anyway. One two three three the last six spots were trades. So. So when's the next book come up? And then the month. And January, January, January 15 somewhere around there. Take it. We won't be getting any money. Don't look like don't want bonus money for us. No. I don't get a bonus anyways since I get still get paid hourly. Looks really grim. And the thing that's bizarre is we had this great September. I mean sensational and all of us in October. But I think that September was all a lot of Marlins. No, no, that was October. I'm talking about me. I had a gigantic September. I've got came back from the summer thing. Yeah, you're four, four pretty much sucks. No. Okay. No, shit. Tell the ass. What you're looking at what you're always book ever was. Like not trying to put the actual book. In this market? Oh, I have no idea. K. T. We used to. I mean K. T. We were back in those days. They only had like date and Broward books were separate. So K. T. And no Broward audience. So we're like, you know, we get like a three. 12 plus I mean our audience was all over the idea of a hundred. Hello. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I really don't care. I've given up carrying at this point. Just take the money and run. Take the money and run. What happens to me? One share 95 share with all the businessmen. Plus I think what's going on right now is appropriate. I think it's the death of Q.A.M. Can you smell it? I can smell it all the way up here. Put on the CBC for the people on the internet. They're now. I don't even know for so many. No, it's because it says awful because how about the BBC? It's just a two night. That's sweet. What about the fans is enough to save him from a lengthy van. It's being argued over by the football association. His club and his union. Just worry with what? They're giving Jackal back his passport. Yeah. I know. We already had that on at the right of 10 o'clock. I know you're busy doing Doreen, but we already had that news on. I'll see you along this this thing. And Johnny Cockman, I wonder if from this far just got any update on that story. I'd like to weigh he like kind of hitch just bets on that. Now it still says US mag, Superlary, Johnny Cockman, to take over Michael Jackson case. But thank you. Press conference it for charges to be filed. Did Scott ever call back in? No. All we need is another 10 bucks for 50 grand. He might not even know we're up here. Yeah, he did. Guys, probably listen to a magic. Press. Well, I guess I can put my CDs away, huh? By the way, if anybody listening, I'm even at all 20 of you wonder for what we say is true about Squareanne. Yes, she's a bitch, smelly bitch. Yeah, I think when you look at these numbers man on the on the stats page, you can see the day that it ended. The day that's for L. G. K. that was the end of QAM. We've made this big jump back. Your sought-in September. Had these gigantic. Well, I don't know. I don't know. I can tell you how many people in the streets tell me they won't listen until they bring them back. Are you really? Oh, title people. Really? Well, you're just telling me this now. Well, I make a lot of sense to me. I think why not punish Neil because they've fired for real. I had a lot to do with it. That's great. You know, it's always your fault. Yeah, I want to make some teachers to say that. On November 13, he got canned on November 12. So the last week, the last week of the, let's see, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, would that have been right? Wait a minute. The 19th of the 26th to the 3rd to 10th. All right, gentlemen, it's two. Three. I thought you was playing your date tonight. No, it couldn't possibly because he got he got canned on November 12th. Right. And the next day, we had not record breaking, but close to gigantic. Respawns on our website because we had the polls about him getting fired. And everything. Right. And then the next day also because we were still talking about it. And then after that, starting with that weekend, and it started dropping and dropping and dropping and dropping and dropping really bad. And then like in the last week, it started coming back. But boy, it's been ugly really ugly. Well, the hit. Let's see what's for real is I'd give people come up to me all the time. I hate that guy with the bad voice, but did you hear what he said? You know, yeah. But you can't keep jerking the audience around. I mean, we got to different guy than format on every freaking five minutes every time you turn around. We got different one to eight to ten. We got me on at one time. And on another time, we got most stickin' early in the morning. And you know, it's a joke. By the way, I mean, obviously this is not going to have to mount with the tablets, but I mean after a while. If you're any normal average human being, you just can't take any more feedler or one step. Right. I mean, I can't do it. But what does that have to do with me though? No, no, I'm just saying. Why would that affect my audience? And if that's the case, how come the afternoon's there still, although they had a bad November 2? But how come they've got the big number in there? I think a lot of hammer will always be hammer and get his numbers. Yeah. I don't know what you mean by that. He had some really crappy trans several months in a row. Yeah, but as much as people out there complain him all, he hung up with me. He's an asshole. I hear that all the time, but they keep calling. They keep looking. The only complaint from you, I get from people out from women. Well, fuck them. Oh, excuse me. Well, if they look good. Yeah. Sorry, you people on the internet. You're trying to got one. I don't know. To be honest with you, I don't think we're on the internet anymore. You what? I don't think we're on the internet anymore. Why not? Well, what would we be off of there? If there's anybody listed on the internet, facts to say a facts real quick, because we're going away anyway. Soon. That's soon enough. Yeah, three to seven took off in July. I read it on no why. Um, June is when we went back to this different schedule. Or was mad dog in the Hank. So mad dog certainly helped a lot. But that seems to be the combo that's kicking ass. Let me write this in four four. Nice job. Too bad. Tough city. Just for that, we should put on George on that week. There you go. There it is. The rating's savory. Savory. George of ring and back covering those young demos back, man. We're on now. We are on. Yeah, we're on the internet. Eric just called and says, oh, we're on the internet. Okay. Well, that's great, Eric. If you only had a few diaries, man, you could lie and tell me live in the Hollywood. Not that we would do that. But we sure needed. We need something. Anyway, let me just put on city pulse. And I can see when I can get my ass about of the chair and leave. Turn the lights out in here and go with the machine. And then I try and use takeout. Get some new clothes. Yeah, get some new clothes. That might, I think that's it. That's the pull for tomorrow. For wardrobe. That is the pull for tomorrow. That's one of the choices on there. Why? Let's see. Let me write the pull. Why do you think? Neal's audience. Is disappearing. A lot of good choices. They're moving their Toronto. You're right. You're out of touch, man. I'm out of touch. I'll show you the library. I'm out of touch. I'll show you the library. I'm out of touch. I'll show you the library. I was up here the whole month in the head of the head of the chair. Let's see. He's on a touch. He's too liberal. Too liberal. Wait, man. He's on a touch in Toronto. He's too liberal. Too old. Too old. He needs a new wardrobe. Yeah, that's what I'm going to go with. I'll go with that thing. I'm going to haircut. Do you need a haircut? No, I just got one. Not my haircut. He needs a new wardrobe. It's nice as I can get. New wardrobe. You get some Tommy Hillfinger and CK Hillfinger. Right. That's from Zania, Brioni. Can I? Zania and Dania. That's the other thing. What's that? Fashioned the Peter Kent. Right. What about him? No, he just misses his things in there. How about that spot for coffee? Oh, who is that that does that spot? Is somebody from one of the FM's? Which spot? Oh, that's the most horrible spot. He misses every Italian word on there. And I just cringe through that whole spot. It just grabs me nuts. Spaghetti bowl and Yassine. He's trying so hard to sum. So Italian. It's like a little twerp. God, I hate that spot. Is that a paid spot? Like I said, it's a great restaurant. Are you people on the internet? I know you heard her. We had our kisses party there. Oh, that's like I said, we love them a lot. They're pretty upset with us. Not with me though. Let's see. Is that a touch in Toronto? We still live where these two old, he's in New Wardrobe. What else? Oh, are there for Ralph thing? Wait, just to let everyone in the internet know, we will have a sports update at two. The special on the internet, special internet sports update. We're pissed that for Ralph Goss fired. Is it, you know, and then one parenthesis, it's the old spot. Must be. We might wait, we might have something. We might have one. We're on the air. We're on the air right now. We're on the air right now. Just after the be said like that. How about you getting all emotional about? Oh, Scott called said he could hear us. Well, Scott can hear us. We must be on air. Was that peck one? The be said the effort a couple of times. It's good. Anyway, we apologize for usually for being off the air for like a long extended period of time. But I think it's ominous. I think what it has to do with when we saw these ratings that came out is all like a death now. It's the death of QAM as we once knew it, you know? Anyway, one good thing is though we're going to have a 49,990 for abandoned pet rescue. And always news that other 10 bucks did Scott get any more of it. Is he laying back? Yeah, I don't think he got any more. Well, I'm sure Scott will be more happy to put the 10 bucks in to put us over 50 granted. If not, we won't see him no more. Anyway, it's been a real treat. Especially the last 20 or 25 minutes. The bull mice to risk coming up next. Bye bye. Bye bye. There's nothing like a touch of host holding the net. It's nothing like a touch of host holding a big black bill that way trying to do an update. Absolutely.