Hey NEO, the Hockey News came out with a cover in the 2020 9-0. You all you do is bitch. That's an 88 guys in the NHL. You know, dog hitter right man. These sports shows with these 85 minute breaks. You're getting money maker. You run 45 million come out. You're doing commercials for dead people. We have 16 minutes an hour on your phone. We're just one of the audience. It's been a long, all sports radio. See we thought it was all sports radio. They left the R out. It's all sports radio on the sports show. It was man dogs right. You're right. I spent the day yesterday. I spent the day with the Madagascade, the touchdown club, but all those money makers. I was interested in it. I was interested in it. I spent the day with Madagascade, the touchdown club. I want to hear about that. Hey guys, in the NHL that need to be great this year. You know, to put on the cover is Eric Lindras. He's careers over. The Leafs won five three last night in Helsinki. I knew like they against Yokewood. Whatever in Hale, Yokewood. Here's the players they think they deserve. That's a little finished girls team. Byron the foe. They're finished. Yarmary Yager. This idiotic article you sent me from Monday. But it's all who's about the people washing their hands. You wash your hands at first table. And wash my hands whenever I feel like it. Okay, depending on what I had a mom. But anyway, it says here, Royder's Toronto International Airport. Even you know it's Pearson International Airport. But a bunch of mullons at their orders. They probably work at the Sunsimil. Do you know that the Sunsimil still hasn't discovered the dog cock's died on Monday morning? Yeah, they haven't discovered it. Do you think that the NHL gone straight next year? They still think that. What do you mean do I think they're going on straight? They're going to have a lockout and maybe for two years they're saying now. Wow, so they had 2005 in the hotel. 2004 and 2005. Possibly. No, what do you say? They don't beneath them and no more hockey. People, they sold that thrash routine in Atlanta with that nice arena. They're penniless. What do you mean by that? Well, they sold them. They had, they, they don't money. And then the women's soccer league went on everybody's going under. Everybody's going out of business. The violence, last 14, nothing. I know you get excited. Have a nice day. No, seriously. Let me say this to you. Okay. They make a playhouse with Steve's laughing. Who's one up and it's no different blues than 14 up and half. My hat. Loving up and you don't sleep well. It's still only one game in the, in the standing. So they have to drop games off. Do you think they'll make the playhouse or not? Yes. And when they do, should I have a party at Kavey Aguana and T. Yeah. I good luck to you. Have a nice day. And you too Scott. Hello, I'm a hair. Yeah baby. Get down, baby. We'll be in the wild. I drop in on the floor. I was turning blue. I'd bad run after you. I was every thought that I would die at the same time that Johnny's magic was new. You got the ambulance door. No, I have no list. No, there's nothing else you can do. Johnny and I are three who do take your back on it. That's our leader pass away with the boy named Stream. I think I may have caught something when I'd thank you, that's our name. I always thought you were a fool. Well, let me show I could do. Oh, it was David's arm and from the alcohol and in the cocaine. Oh, it was a star on the tune. And that worked the way to the star. 10. Oh, it was 7. At 5. 60. That was in very poor taste when you agreed. Yeah, I was right. It was a fragile lot, immensely. So anyway, we got short show today because we're not a ball game or anything but we got our big wins. They wanted two hour and now that we got abbreviated they condensed for a segment here because for all I can't how what time it is. Of course, it was hard enough. It was pretty important stuff there in the last segment. No, no. Who's the biggest nerd of them all we asked, just do we got to. I think I figured out how to solve errors dilemma by the way George. That's that because they're acting up again. No, no, he's got a lot of other stuff to do. I mean we're small potatoes. He doesn't make any money off our website. It's a labor of love. A little right here. But on these days when we do like two polls like today when we do the preliminary one, and we're building the second one. Yeah, even though it'll cut down on the number of votes, we don't have to put the second one until they end with the show. Okay. You see what I'm saying? There's no reason why we have to follow. No, you're right. We had the show poll and the post of a poll. We did a lot of work. Yeah, it's our first time, we said that. We have to put the poll into the way to compile it and then we put it on our tail of the show. Just one quick facts or email over to Eric and he slaps it on there. So it doesn't have to devote all his precious time eating time. I mean, work in time. So the new Runges website. We want to maintain a great quality, we've had, on there. Thanks to your close personal drug addicted friend, who's the biggest nerd of them all we asked yesterday. What is the long list here? I don't have time to read them all. We'll just do the double digit once. a crap. They wanted him to just die a wicked death. Bill Gates 234. Caratop 17. Woody Allen 97. George W. Bush 91. Rick Riley 47. Who's been off the air for a long, how long have you been off a couple of years now? That's about right. I think that's pretty good for you seven votes for being off the air that long, but they remember what a nerdy he was. Paul Shafer 39. Al Gore 35. Jewelieberman 33. Joseph Gekke 32. All I forgot to ask out how come he sucks Joseph Gekke. He's as don't even forget tomorrow. Oh, you're supposed to remind me, but we were sure it on time because I wrote it down like for all in Joseph Gekke. Can you believe how long that break went on? Yeah, I believe it. Three minutes after 10. Oh, you just given the for a whole first segment. Hey, fine with me. Less less work more paid. That's my motto. He can go till 10 30 if you want. Shabu Lee's dead. Good enough for Howard's Burma's good enough for for out. You can go to 10 30, baby. Just let me get in the spots. Joseph Gekke 32 Benstein and Brian Arcos, he said 31 Adam Sandler 29. Screech had 29. Yeldy had 29. He was the latest. Nice going Yeldy. You twerp. Tucker Carlson and George Willie said 24 a couple of right wing assholes with both ties. Ross P. R. O. 22 Mike Lupica 20. Bob Costa 17. Sean Heddy and Matthew Lesco 16 and J. Fieler 60 would have been years. Alex Pingu Pecania 14. Rick Moore Ainess 12. Clay A. Kintin and word Alienca Victor. That's what Karen said this morning. He wanted for the new year more Ainess. He said that yesterday too. He says it every day. He ain't getting it though. He ain't getting much. So that's our yesterday poll. Now here's the first one today as we're poll intensive climb on it. Now that we got the official announcement day by John Edwards who's got a Chinaman's chance in purgatory and now Wesley Clark general Wesley Clark's going to throw his hand at the ring today. Why do they use that expression? I thought about that. Throw his hat into the ring. Let's do it. I think something comes from Thomas Lawd. I'm a black and black. Back in the days when he's the one those big fedoras. Remember the godfather Michael had the big fedora? Is that like if you wanted to participate in the boxing match when he came back to see K when she would have class outside of school. He had that big old fashion fedora on her. Yeah, that was a really fashionable very gay hat. What's important K is that how we're let's see who'd you like to see is the Democratic presidential candidate next year. And here's the list. I think I got him all honor. And we don't want any names of like uh uh uh Hillary people that are running. People that are running. Howard Dean Wesley Clark, Julie Roman John Kerry, Bob Graham, John Edwards, Alshark, and Venice, and it's Caralemosley Braun. I don't care. I'm for Bush, I don't care. They all suck. I think I got a cover there. Don't you? That's it. Did I leave anybody out? That's what I should say. It's actually running. Right. Anyone really? No, no, seriously. I even put like Caralemosley Braun on there. Nobody knows who that is. I'll Sharpen's kind of a joke, but uh he's running. Uh and let me also say this, the FDA sucks. I just want to mention all look at this 14 more suits are pre-stins shirts. Where's this the insiniting? Jesus, this stuff is just pouring in here about the guy that they've pre-sts. The most important story of the day though is about Is that a lady that they're coming out of? Is that a lady that they're in this room? Oh, you're all right. Oh, you're all right. Just to sure what a banana republics offload is. Sweet, Dolphins, my tribute to Celia Cruz, it builds matchup on Sunday. How do you like that? I mean, what kind of crap is that? Are they having a tribute to John Ritter? No. Are they having a tribute to Johnny Cash? They all know, but are going to sing any Johnny Cash music Sunday to boggy? No. But only the banana republic baby. They're doing it again. Celia Cruz. The Dolphins have announced plans to hold a tribute to salsa legend Celia Cruz during half time of Sunday and I skin against the bills, but I could be an ugly game, man. Cruz has been Pedro Knight. We'll receive a daughter. Do you think he's kind of sunny night? We'll receive our guess it's confidential. We'll receive a Dolphins jersey during the Tribute which will put a performance by Latin Grammy nominee, Victor Manuel, who obviously is not from Cuba. Better not be. Cruz 78 out of a brain tumor July 16, the Cuban as well was immensely popular in Miami. So much so that Kaiio Ocho, the mainstream running for the city's Cuban community, has the honorary name of Celia Cruz way. I thought that dressing in drag was the Celia Cruz way. The Tribute's part of a Latin themed added pro players. They demand her of Hispanic heritage month. I didn't even know that did you it's his fan of heritage month? I know idea. Are you proud of? His your Hispanic heritage? Oh, yeah, I got the flag painted on my face. Well, I would be proud to unless I lived in South Florida that I'd be embarrassed. Anyway, Marty Sintron leads singer of the Latin pop group No Mercy schedule performed the star-spangled banner before the game on acoustic guitar and addition to 150 fifth graders from Ben Shepherd, L. My preschool, Ohio, will be on the field for the half time ceremony holding flags from 20 Hispanic nations. No, it's pick it up. I English, hockey, okay. So there you go. That's what's going on Sunday night before the bills trounced it off and so what probably would be one of the most embarrassing losses since that 62 to 7. That was at the score Jacksonville. It was pretty bad. No, it wasn't that 62 to 7. You know, now that you're on the payroll, these ambiguous answers aren't going to cut it. Let's get right to the chase. Massachusetts now an official candidate for his party's nomination. Don't interrupt. Go to some phone calls for watching Larry King Live. Denver, Colorado, hello. Senator, Kerry, how will you pay off the deficit? You're going to have to kick back in more money now and by the way, we're going to penalize every family in America. Portrait chief Florida, hello. I'm going to do Kerry. Is it true that you used to work at series as a mannequin? Oh, absolutely. You have 19 years experience? Olympia Washington, hello. Senator Kerry, what will you do with healthcare? I had health care because I'm the United States Senator and I could afford it and that's why I'm going to see to it that everyone in America can't get what I got. We can't serve all of you because we don't have enough money. The reason we don't have enough money, Larry, is because I party. Gardner message uses, hello. Senator Kerry, how's the healthy? Are you really nice to ask? I'm able to say that I am cured and I want to stay that way. Thank you, Senator. We'll be seeing you again soon. Thanks so much. Senator John Kerry now an official candidate for his party's nomination. In 1019 at 560 WCM, so somebody immediately facts as a sin which we thank them profusely. What is the meaning in the origin of the expression of throw once hand into the ring? When you throw or toss your head into the ring, what you're doing is informing everyone that you're willing to win or contest. The expression these days is normally used in politics when somebody throws his head in or into the ring, he's announcing to the world. He's a candidate that coming election, in other words, he's contesting here a few examples. Rainnuka is seriously considering throwing your hand into the ring this time. Are Junus from the Hindu newspaper in India? So that's why we got these Indian names? Yeah. Are Junus tossed his head to the ring, this should make things interesting. I would sound people out before throwing my head. The expression comes from the sport of boxing in the old days whenever somebody threw his hand to the ring and boxing. It implied that he was challenging the boxer. He was willing to fight the person in the ring. A well-known boxer, John L. Sullivan, used to go through this ritual every time he fought. After defeating his opponent, Sullivan would toss his hand to the ring, this was a challenge to the people in the audience. If the man who challenged him was able to ran on the street to the end of the bath and saw them used to give him a prize, they were not too many occasions when he actually had to pay the challenger. How do you like that? So the original meaning of throwing a hat in the ring was to challenge it was only in the 19th century the expression took on a meeting at yesterday, announcing one's political candidacy. How do you like that? And probably I said something to do with Hattrick and Hockey too when you think that's not sure. No. Probably. Anyway, I love this fact, this is a very good stuff. Religious broadcaster Pat Robertson prayed on the Christian broadcasting that worked based in Virginia Beach that Isabelle would turn from the coast. He asked God to put a wall of protection around Virginia Beach and East Coast. In the name of Jesus, we reach our hand and faith. Commanded storm to cease its forward motion to the north and turn and go out into the sea, Robertson prayed on the 700 Club. He's got any chance for that happening? No. As it continues moving north, north, west at about nine miles per hour. In fact, I'm thinking right now I have a psychic vision that it's going to like go plowing right into Virginia Beach and write up Pat Robertson's actome ass. How do you like that? I'm going to leave a pray. If you ask me, that's when I'm praying for it. Oh, in the name of Jesus, in the name of God. Let's pray that that storm that the eye, the old brown eye of Hurricane Isabelle. Why is it that every time I say that now I start thinking of it? I see that cruise. I can't stop. Every time I start that crap, I just can't stop playing it, you know? Now the enthusiasm of Sunday night celebration and tribute to Celia may be tempered some month when a P.A. announcer doesn't answer the crowd officially. It has been determined by the autopsy that Celia was a man, but that's beside the point. I guess people discriminate people already knew that, didn't I? I guess. So Pat Robertson says he's praying for it. Now a lot of people die and that's why I've played those I'm dying over here. Things a lot of people die and they're dropper like flies. We can't even keep track. In fact, a sunset, seriously, I don't want to go too ape on it because obviously South Florida is so insensitive anyway. They don't really give a crap. We didn't have one call from anybody since Monday, I announced it that anybody saying, well, you know, Dynk Cox was a real personality and it's really a shame. He was only 55 years old. He died in his sleep. He was up there taking care of his ill mother in Joejin Atlanta. Nothing because the people of South Florida are calcine and different. So maybe they deserve this come sentinel. See, even if they would have even have tough wouldn't have emailed the information of Tom Jick or what he did. He told me that again this morning, even if he wouldn't have done that, they could have ripped it off out of the hero, which would be the first night they've done that. Sure. But no, because when Jerry Williams died, did they care? No, when the Casper died, did they care? No, because Tom Jick or one of those guys might have to do a little homework and talk to a couple of people, which is so much more difficult and time-consuming than just writing it up. Puff opinion piece about some bogus fault TV showed it's going to cancel in three weeks anyway. See, I think you're the one that's wrong. I see, keep presuming the Tom Jick as a radio writer. He obviously stopped doing it. I just said Tom Jick or somebody, I'm assuming him because he's supposed to be the long time lost in a radio time. He knows his hands of that. But he watched his hands while he was a person in a truer under national airport. What a crocker crap, you know, this is the kind of stuff that makes it in the news wires. Oh, 96% of the people at truer under national airport, which it's not called are washing their hands as compared to like 75% how about some of the Pakistanis and Indian people? Are they washing it? No, and you can believe me. You know, I've brought that up so many times over the years and people refused to acknowledge, I guess because there's so many perocule people in the US, they refused to acknowledge that people's diet and their skin pigmentation result in a different aroma. You know what I'm saying? Sure. Because it's very easy to say. Well, gee, they haven't seen a bar of soap in 15 years. And that's possible, I guess, by I think there's like a pigmentation thing like people from Indian Pakistan. You know what I'm saying? Not not all. Oh, like curry. Kid Curry has something to do with it? I'm sure he did. I'm sure he did. I'm sure he did. Now that is good buddy, Tom Costa is that on Monday. At least I'll say one thing for Kid Curry. He's not making that an excuse to screw off. Okay, like Greg read it. Oh gee, I'm all broken up about Cox. I can't deal with that now. But we didn't get Scott on a payroll. He's got the paperwork filled out. He's like a step away from the payroll. It's coming. Anyway, guess who died? You already know because you fact these. Right. I got too energetic. I'm going to go and I'm going to go and I'm going to go with the other one first. The one that doesn't really bother me all that much. I'm not broken up about it. Gardner Ted Armstrong, evangelist known for the world tomorrow. In Tyler Texas, evangelist garnered Ted Armstrong known for his work on the religious TV program. The world tomorrow died Monday afternoon complications from Pena Monia. Mr. Armstrong 73 died in Tala Hospitalist son Mark Armstrong told the Tala morning telegraph. Here comes the best part of this story. Just like Pat Robertson, we cannot fully understand why the healing we beg for was not granted. Mark Armstrong said to written statement, I know that my dead fully expected that his work will continue and we've all got enormous responsibility to make certain that his work has not been in vain and that his voice will not be silenced. Yadi, yadi, yadi. Mr. Armstrong founded the Church of God of National in 1978 after his father Herbert W Armstrong, the late father of the Worldwide Church of Godx communicated to the son from the Church based in Pasadena, California. He founded the garnered Ted Armstrong, evangelical even evangelistic, association in Tyler and 70 along with the Church of God of National. Yadi, yadi, yadi. How do you like that? Yeah, that was the original one was Herbert W Armstrong. I forgot about him. Hope and then we had garnered Ted and now we've got Mark who says we can't understand why the healing we beg for wasn't granted. Can you understand it? Nope. Me neither. Maybe God was busy. Maybe he was maybe God was working on a tribute for Celia Cruz. We would be doing a fanhead by the way for the best of the meal today, but it's very dubious because Miguel has the service to read twice before noon and then he'd take a little while. Well, in his case, he'd take a while from to get it up. I guess if they would blindfold him, right? Get him to tell him and tell him it was like the body of Celia Cruz or even an ambition. I think it might have greater impact. Take a Viagra. Take a bottle of Viagra. And the other death, this is really sad. Voka Bryan's going to be all broken up about this and all the other old farts like us too. I'm way like a Shabboli died. Oh no, better an actor in Westerns like high noon, who also recorded the number one poptity. The purple peacle eater has died. His wife said he was 82. This is a Nashville. Well, he suffered from leukemia in 1996. Was hospitalized Monday at Scarland Medical Center of Nashville. He had just paid respects to American music legend Johnny Cash on Sunday. It was just his time to go set his wife Linda. Woly who died Tuesday, paired more than 60 movies acted in some 50 TV shows and recorded pop and country songs on a big screen. Woly appeared in most of Westerns, beginning in 50 as credits included high noon as a whiskey drinking killer outlaw Josie Whales, Warwagon, distant drums man with other star giant and Hoosiers. The purple peacle eater about an unidentified flying object sold 3 million copies in 1958 as the number one pop record. We got it. We got it. Oh, there it is. I thought I heard. What he goes got it. Look, I'm doing my job. Don't get crazy. Did he say one big brown eyes always? Okay, that's a sheb always dead purple peacle eater. That's enough like a sim. Kill it. Thank you. 10's lot more we've played more, but we don't have time because for all of us back into a box here. 10 27 at 560 WQM announcing a gigantic humongous 2003 New Orange's blowouts hail it's going on right now. At Hellac Patex GMC, talking my good buddies Tom Limit and Joe Prado were offering it lowest prices in the universe. Here's Neil Deal number one. Save up to $7,000 with a high-speed debate to the Air Plus deep deep discounts. Neil Deal number two gets 0% financing for two five years and listen to this. You can listen to 2003 Pontiac Grand Prix GT2 for just 279 bucks a month for 36 months. You get 12,000 miles a year and only pay $2,000 out of pocket. You heard right. You pay only 279 bucks a month. Hellac also got great unbeatable deals on you cons and in Alley's waiting for you right now. And as you always know, a hell it's got the best selection in town of certified pre-owned car structures SUVs that you can depend on. No lemons on the lot and if your credit is a problem for if it's embarrassing, if you have a blum is sure to or 20 or 30, no problem and help the cut you deal. It's the 2003 Neil Rogers blowout cell that's happening right now as I speak. At Hellac Pontiac GMC, you'll find them in the same great spot they've been doing people great for over 35 years, which is why they're still around by the way. 134-01, Satix, you highway that's you s1 across in the falls open every day seven days a week. If you want more info on these staggering Neil Deal's call the Neil Deal hotline tool free, one Triple 8, 5344211. One Triple 8, 5344211, no frigate all Neil Deal's have to decwetter, Proveal see our friends in Aleppo de Tales and Halipadi XGMC who are professional grades. The end of the banana republic baby only in Miami. She was a community icon in a community that means that I got as far as I got tell she was the fantastic icon of plastic Celia Crew. And when you put in a record presents the dosed book if you were sounds of Celia Crews, she's dead you know. So keep in my eye on Isabelle and I'm noticed that if it just takes a slight jogger how these things wobble especially what's the first hit land. Just a slight jogger to the east. It's going to smack right into Virginia Beach. Oh please I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry oh Jesus please here's a lady in plantation hello. Hi Neil you're doing pretty good how are you? I'm sorry I'm calling the seat you can kind of press your leg and put it 10 point in a location today because that like rearranging my days like a meet up with whoever he's going to be. I don't think he's going to be anywhere today except in the office and the Reins because you mentioned on Monday he would be out in the van on Wednesday. Well that's what they keep telling me and they keep stalling off. I foresee a real mitigated disaster this year in our fundraiser because they're just that we always get leftovers we get nothing. This radio station gives us absolutely no assistance whatsoever. Well maybe you can use some of your pressure there and get them out. Well we're a Jellacum to be. I'm a rower I don't care. How about how about that? Shella University in Broward that's always a real popular spot. That's right by where I'm at right now. That's what I'm saying I'm going to work on it. Okay Greg you have a good day Neil. You two thanks. All right. Here you go Miguel the University in Broward to Shell Station. That's one of our most popular spots across where the cops used to make the coffee but that the convenience is right there no more. Well that's too bad. You know what I'm talking about? No. Oh well that's kind of my an effort. I don't know. You don't have to be a priority. Right across the New once popular Broward Mall and right down the street from the once not so popular Macy's Mall does anybody really ever shop in at Macy's Mall? There's always jammed with cars. I haven't been there in so long. Probably just the people who worked there. Last time I was there is when you did a fundraising appearance there. Right and it was like nobody there. I was your birthday. That's right. And the gigantic birthday cake nobody was there because right who ran was there in a stank. That's right. That's right. That's right that they were screaming running out of there. They got with that smell. What is that smell? It was screaming. Right. Well whatever part it was. Anyway here's the first pull it's up there now and we'll like like I said 74 votes. Wesley Clark 21 Howard Dean 15. I don't care they all suck 13. I don't care I'm per bush 8 10.8% of this crowd. Bob Graham 8, Al Sharp and 5 John Kerry is scary 3. John Edwards 1 0 for Julie women. Oh, that's because the Orthodox Jews have abandoned this show and thank goodness. Dennis Cassinid maybe they're out there rubbing their sisters together. Dennis Cassinid's none and care mostly brown has none. Isn't that a shot? No. So now the pull that we're going to work on today during the show and like I said, thanks again to Mike and Cooper City or where but it really was. Where was the Cooper City? Where was it? I don't know. Mike in the Yenem's belt who facts to yesterday. Coconut Creek about dead people because it really pisses off mo. Absolutely. We do pulls and dead people. We still have this gigantic audience and he has no numbers at all. By the way the trend tomorrow morning 11 30 the arbitrends for June July and Augusto. It's going to be really pressure pack. Oh, I'm listening. It's going to be heavy. Heavy. Judy trust me when I tell you. So the first we're going to do a series of these pulls on dead people and then we'll have like a dead off at the end. Right. Right. That's your favorite dead political figure. By the way, Schmidt can that idea had Eric that was a really bad idea and quit interfering with programming. See, I solved his dilemma right off the bat tonight. That was brilliant, by the way. Then I have it to sit there for all four hours and adding and throw and also for you. E-mailing and all the other. I can just email. Right. Tell us at the end and then they have plenty of time. They got like a whole bunch of hours to vote on it. And it also leaves the first pull up there. Whatever we do, we can do a whole bunch of pulls. I've done that. So you say in one day. Oh my. Who's your favorite dead political figure? JFK. This is a list I got so far. JFK Martin Luther King promised you I present FDR Teddy Roosevelt, Abe Lincoln or Bobby Kennedy. I think that's a good list. We're a starter. Don't you? I like it. I mean, somebody probably said, where do you have any heirs in? I don't even have enough sense to come in out of a rain. I like that to be canoeing Tyler too. Do you ever see pictures of him? No. Where do you have any heirs in? I mean, I'm trying to have him. I would even see pictures. You'd have seen painting. Right. Like a grisel old white-haired guy in a, look like an old troll speaking of old trolls. 14 then yesterday sued the Roman Catholic art sciences of Cincinnati, Archbishop Daniel Polarczyk and the Reverend Lawrence Strip Matter of kiddering Ohio bringing to 24th of the number of man-cleaning lawsuits that Strip Matter sexually abused them as boys and arts dices covered it up. In fact, let me find my story from the Boston glow. Here it is before I finish with that straight on me forget. In the month after releasing it's much anticipated new child protection policy on May 30th officials in the arts dices of Boston quietly revised document to curb access by led victims of abuse to records of church proceedings in case of accused priests. Prices. That's like practices. The revisions which church officials say were necessary to correct ambiguous language in the published policy of drawn criticism from advocates for abuse victims who fear about backing away by the church, a backing away. So by the church from promises of greater openness in such matters, changes to the policy were apparently made without the knowledge of members of the commission to put about carton allaw to up-crafted or members of a second their lay adviser committee charged with overseeing a civil ma- in other words in quiet behind closed doors to try to like do everything they can to hush it up. Anyway, getting back to Ohio. The 14 then referred to as John those numbers 11 through 24 in lawsuit filed in Hamilton County Common Police Court say they were abused by Strip Matter between 1968 while he was working in Cincinnati including a stint as principal of elder high school always be nice to your elders. Strip Matter's 24 accuses are seeking four million dollars each in damages of total of 96 million. The arts dice he's assigned strip method now 70 to be associate pastor of St. Albert the great church in Kettering in 1988 after he was removed from a Cincinnati church because they substantiated abuse allegation and required to undergo impation psychological therapy. And it goes on and on and on. And along story and I'm sure that's all they to begin. Another one of those isolated the series of incidents another isolated 24 in just with that one priest and it goes on like I said it on and nobody cares. Just like Dick Cheney keeps lying through his teeth. Here's the latest one. That only go on meet the press on Sunday and lie about the connection between Iraq which now down rum spelled no less than down rum spelled says all there's no link between Iraq and 911. What? Really? Yeah the fence secretary down rum spelled said yesterday he had no reason to be a reason to believe that Iraq's bottom who's saying had any hand in the September 11th terrorist attacks in the US. And a Pentagon news conference from so disaster about a pool that indicated nearly 70% of respondents believe the Iraqi leader probably was personally involved. I've not seen any indication that would lead me to believe I could say that rum spelled said. How do you like that? I'm shocked. Yeah, random act of honesty. Now Vice President Cheney who of course in addition to that lie about that the former CEO of Halibut and companies received hundreds of thousands of dollars from the company in the Ford salary payments and taking office while asserting he has no financial interest in the company Senate Democrats at yesterday Senate democratically to Tom Dashle is South Dakota and Senator Frank Loutenberg of New Jersey's that the revelations we enforce that he only know we left off the pool. Dick. Dick. Dick Gabhart George. Make sure that Iraq has him on. I'm sorry. So easy to forget about Dick for some. Senate democratically to Tom Dashle is South Dakota, Senator Frank Loutenberg of Jersey's that the revelations we enforce the need for hearings about the no bid contracts for reconstruction work and a rack that Halibut is received from the Bush administration. On NBC's meet the press program Sunday, Cheney lied at Cheney City at severed all ties with Houston-based company. Kathy Martin at Cheney spokeswoman confirmed that Cheney had been receiving payments from Halibut and has been, but she disputed that a statement Sunday to President Miss Leady. Right. Cheney had already earned the salary that was not being paid Martin said, adding that once he became an nominee for Vice President, he bought an insurance policy to guarantee that the deferred salary would be paid to him. So it's just, you know, it's like a chess game, you know, like a shadow boxing, like a shell game, like they do on prices right, you know, where they move the thing around under the appeal of shells. That's what he's doing. He's moving it around under the appeal of shells, old Dick Cheney. Just unbeatable. In fact, one of the bedtime stories that we have on our website today is about the fact that this President has lied more to the country than any President in the history of this country. And I think that whoever wrote that is, that's the only correct answer. 19 to 11 at 560 W.M. We got a pristine schedule later. The Marlins who had a tough 14th in Los Angeles in Philly last night, just got it's doubt. They're good another shot tonight. We got the Mad Dog at 2 the Humper in a studio 4 to 630 Marlins on deck 630 Marlins at the Philly 705 to try to recover from last night's annihilation. Eddie K follows the baseball game and you'll mark overnight. That's our schedule. You're on QAM. If you're on schedule to start getting your hair back, there's only one smart way to do it to come a good friend Chuck Alphi or it is a Zillion guys that they're lined up at your dough right now. They want to sell your pills, they want to sell your propisher, they want to sell your musk rats and weasels, they want to give you every kind of song that ends to get you to buy their hair system. Here's the deal. Charles Alphiaries, the best in the business because nowhere else can you bet again, more natural, better looking piece than from Chuck Alphi or it a very affordable price too. So if you'd like, yeah, just like a little bit of hair back or you got a big shiny ball spot, whichever the case may be, Charlie's the guy you want to talk to. And you have nothing to lose but that glaring oozing ugly ball spot because everybody gets Charlie's 30-day guarantee. If after 30 days you don't love the way it looks in the fields you're not getting all kinds of action, Charlie give you a full refund, no questions asked. So call today and mention my name and take advantage of your $200 new Rogers discount too. Charlie also services and repairs all types of air systems while you wait for only 25 to 30 bucks. Here's the toll free number, 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413 or log under that prestigious worldwide website at Charles Alphiary.com. And he's the life-a-lay white, the life-a-lay white, the life-a-due spag. Those who came to grab the chic restaurant, the spag. The spag pays poorly when you still avoid that, he's got the Clarkson Dune spag. I kind of have the white and the American Dune spag. And all the bellies got he drives around in the dark fairer bed. To the spag. To the playspot board, you back to kid, in the back of this board, and all it did. And stand was born to Clarkson Dune spag. Oh, this is the life, and anybody would win the cash prizes. Aren't the dear ill mid, the never-minded, because it wasn't just Clarkson Dune spag. I never realized what a big piece of gravity is after all the years I've been working in. The Clarkson Dune spag. Amen, Dick Clark sucks. Just watch Bullying For Colabine. You'll see the embarrassing attempt at Michael Moorehead interview him about his slave labor and Michigan. He's certainly placed here that is restaurant in the base of when I've been in this. Let's hear it for Dick going under. 1048 at 560 WQAM. Speaking of that, after battling to a virtual draw on same-sex marriage yesterday, the liberal Canadian government and Canadian alliance agreed to re-a-a-re-match at the ballot box next year. The divided liberal government's planned legalized game marriage barely passed a critical first test, but it did pass as MPs voted 137132 against an alliance, and alliance-motion-preserved a traditional definition of marriages, one man and one woman. They said, ah, just barely, I watched this matter, fact. I watched the vote. Yeah. And they like stand up in a mother and mother-read that a book, but I said, It'll wear all of silly wigs like the brits. No, they don't as a matter of fact. Not like seeing a cruise. 560, pon-560 on a AT&T in a Verizon wireless line. Here's my any, hello. My any, when is this? See the cruise line, yes. Is this your dad? Sounds like me. There was talk about the contacts. I grew up with him in the 780s, listening to this, listening to his, and his shows that he was awesome. And the guy always said, it's my, my, my, my honest face. Right. Don't be missed. I mean, he's already, only, only, only, yeah. So anyway, you don't want him that, kind of sad for his loss. Well, thanks for carrying it up to send you very best, sir. You're the only one. Well, that makes one of us. And don't worry about how he needs it. Tom Jick is the doose bag. Thank you. Well, man, he really is you showing your two colors last year, two time. You're real smuck. Talk about having your finger on a pulse of what's happening in the community. Here's the guy that was on your net market for like 20 or 30 years. And it's not like we're talking about somebody who, you know, who left the year 20 years ago or something. You know, I'll decide on a mind that kind of thing. No, like Jerry Williams, maybe there was an excuse there all the way. I don't think so. But in this particular case, here's a guy that anybody and everybody who grew up in South Florida, New Cox on a radio. Right. The sunset, it'll can't be bothered giving the information out. Okay, you're an embarrassment. You're an idiot. Okay. I'm embarrassed that they actually let you fill on us radio station because you've lost it. Whatever to how you had it, I don't know, but you sure as hell have lost it. What happened? What's happening in the local community. But nevertheless, I mean, what am I getting excited about? I'm just consistent. At least he's consistently out to lunch. You just, you know, and this is supposed to be a freaking newspaper? No. That's why I keep telling you people. Man, if you had a real newspaper in South Florida, you'd see some real changes, but then never going to happen. It'll never happen. If you had a real luck out like a tabloid, like we got the throw out of the sun here even with the right wing politics, but it's like a real newspaper. If you had a tabloid in there, put the goddamn sun settle in a hill right out of the business, put him to shame, put him on a back burner. A real newspaper with some people who had balls and weren't pandering all the time, and writing a bunch of puff piece crap, and who could afford to like Harrison real writers in there as opposed to these high school stringer kids that they had there right 95% of the crap. And these dodging silly guys that used to write about dog racing, to be TV and radio critics and experts. But nevertheless, here's a call from TV, hello. Well, yes sir. Yeah, I didn't know that's on car's career when he just happened. He died Monday morning. Ah, see, there's up visiting his sick mother, where you have a heart attack or something. He just died in the sleep. Wow, what ever happened to stand major? Ah, he died, but nobody told him yet. I said it. It was his career that died, I guess. I don't know, Stan Sterler. He's still fumbling around. Okay, just curious. And he still owes me that money too, by the way. Wow, well, this like Larry King owes you 50 bucks, right? Exactly. All right, take care. Okay, you two. Well, there's a guy who seemed mildly interested. Who's your favorite dead political figure? That's the poll we're building. They all went through, we're not getting any suggestions because there's so many, but nevertheless, just the piss off, Mo. JFK, Martin Luther King, Thomas Jefferson, FDR, Teddy Roosevelt, Abe Lincoln Bobby Kennedy, and let's say here, Mo. Let's hear Mo, okay? In the meantime, poll number one, and now I see we got to the cab right on there right away. Now, now, Eric can just sit back, have his branches, take care of all of his other important paying customers, and just forget about us. Right? Okay, even though it is a laborer blood. 171 votes already, this is shocking. Who would you like to see is the Democratic presidential candidate next year? General Wesley Clark was announcing they 45 votes already. And you wanted to know why that probably is? Why? Probably because they're thinking he can win. It would seem to me. I voted for Howard Dean's got 32. I don't care about those professional Jews who are vaccinating all that crap about they don't like his position on the Middle East. Like a suggestion them is, Cox a voice, okay? Take a good, very amen. I can't hurt. I don't care. They all suck 30 people say that. Bob Graham 25, two bad BDI Bob has never changed. He's said all the right things, but he has in all the wrong places. I would add some, sing all the right things in all the wrong places. I don't care. I'm for Bush 22 people say that about 12.8%. Al Sharpen's got seven. John Kerry who looks really scary. He's got four. John Edwards has got two votes. He's got two votes. Let's like it. Yeah, John Edwards. And what's wrong with having a president who could talk to dead people? Who we do? If you'd be perfect for South Florida, our talk to Jesus. Dennis Cassinu's got a pair. Dick Gimmhart is going to be finally put him on. He's still only got one vote. Jewelie Romans got one. Oh, he's got mostly grown out of 1801 votes. She's got the big. Oh, who is she kid? Now why she's hitting her wheels? What's the point? You know? What is the point? Why she wasting our time in our energies? She's hitting even in a real-elected nail in oil. Oh, by the way, my kudos to the, who isn't Illinois? Is it the governor? That did what? And also the mayor of Springfield, a Massachusetts who are like doing business, who are getting prescription drugs for the city and not, it's not the governor. But for public employees from Canada and the FDA is fighting a tooth and nail because the FDA sucks. The FDA are a bunch of grave robbers who are in bed with the pharmaceutical companies who want to continue ripping off the public in America and all over the world. And especially the old people. Get rid of it. Get rid of it. Get rid of it. And so now the FDA is trying to battle the mayor. He was on a small one on CNBC the mayor of Springfield, man. Who's saving his city like 809 million dollars. They animate all these budget cutbacks and cut back cops and all these other because they didn't have the money. They haven't in the budget. And so now he's going to reinstall those positions and get more cops and more public fire people, etc. Because there's $7.89 million here buying prescription drugs from Canada. And the FDA says, oh, but do we know about the quality of these drugs? Say the same guy damn stuff made by the same companies. Okay, like I say, oh, how can the people in Canada still be alive? I mean, we don't know if their prescription drugs are safe. One kind of crack is that what our layman's excuse to try to pull it over. They eyes it and then the public course in America says, hey, screw you at the 801 to say the money. We'll take a chance. We'll take a chance on those drugs from that dangerous third world country Canada. Right. What a shame and a scam. Try just mention that in passing. Here's my any hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Pretty good. Hey, last week you had a poll about the world's most dangerous man. Yes. And you last a good opportunity for one of your little bits. Do you have that owl wolf thing? One that goes, yeah, like that. That's that's got nothing in do with the owl gold steaming. Yeah. All this I have to do with the owl gold steaming. Kim Jong. Yeah. There you go. Pretty weak. By the way, how many holios you got to be at the dolphin bills game on Sunday night? About 30 minutes. I don't understand that. That whole this pandering thing that just never stops in South Florida. I could understand if it was like the Sunday night cock fights or something like that. Then have a big tribute to senior crews and have all these holios. I know speaking of ways people come in there and do their hoochie kuchi and with a morachi band. But at a dolphin game, you know, I mean, what's the point? You got like crack crackers and juices the dolphin crowd. And they just go to Fort Lee where she was living. In fact, as used the old Jews, they like those three saltines. They get along good with them crackers. How big are you part of it? Aren't you just go to, why don't they just go to Fort Lee? I mean, she loved the Latin community but she was living in Fort Lee, New Jersey. Well, there's probably a lot of teens in Fort Lee, New Jersey. No, there's a place in Jersey where to have all the acubes. What's the place? Rauai State. No, no, sir. Oh, come on. I'm serious. There's a place in Jersey that's loaded with acubes. What is the, where is it? Might be bail. I can't believe that between you being from Jersey and George being Cuban either one of you knows what I'm talking about. What is wrong with you? But what if it's in Jersey? Oh, Fort Lee isn't Fort Lee, Neil. It's for Reed. There's no Cubans in Fort Lee. 1057 and 560W. I'm just, I'm, I'm working alone today. I have the feeling I'm just like in a vacuum, which is fine with me. It's okay. Because I'm serving a few little bit unclean. Especially now, it's God is on the payroll. It's okay. You might want to reconsider clearance. Okay. Here's something you want to reconsider and that is it's called anybody beside dry concepts to clean your carpets. You'd have to be out of your mind to do that because there's nobody comes even close to doing the fantastic job at the great deal that they give you all the time. Your concept is the number on carpet cleaning company in the world which is why I've used him in my prestigious home for over 20 years. And you ought to be doing the same to, they do a stupidness unbelievable job of making even the schmutziest looking carpeting look brand new. And I'll dry concepts office you a chance to say 15% in next carpet cleaning. I don't know when this offer's been in because the choice driver refuses to tell me but you better take advantage of it. Hop on it right now. Just call dry concepts that that usual toll free number. 1-800-248-5071 has to be put in their stand by list. Then dry concepts will cut in next time they have an opening in their schedule. Just like when you fly stand by if you're available and they have an opening, they'll not 15% off the regular already low price and don't forget to give your written guaranteed price before they start to job. So call dry concepts today whether it's your carpeting your furniture, your draper, your poultry, all of these things. And as we put them in their stand by list, it may even have an opening for the day that you call and you'll still get 15% off the price of the job. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. You won't believe how they can make your carpet look just like you had brand new laid on your floor. 1-800-248-5071 or check them out on that wicked web at dryconcepts.com. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-2571 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-248-5071 for the most unbelievable job in history. 1-800-2571 for the most unbelievable work in history. I'm just gonna say anyway, let's get back to the important business. Just this just in, from the George Nury website, Art Bell returns to Radio as we can host of Coastal Coast AM. Boy! This is a puff-piece press release, obviously it's worth it in an enthusiastic manner. Art Bell, the Radio Personality Known for his spontaneous and compelling conversation about all things unexplained or replaced Barbara Simpson as we can host of Coastal Coast AM, the program he made famous. No broadcast live from 1 to 5 AM, Saturdays and Sundays with a refeed from 5 to 9 AM from his home in Powerroom, but in the van at the beginning of September 20th. Powerroom? That's, I thought that was kind of like the sounds that all the fucking nutty's like mold. How room? When they hit the ground? Bell, oh, I hope so. Bell stated for me, a return to Radio as both mysterious and reassuring. Uh-huh. In fact, you know, something I think they got a call before? Eeeeh! I think that's appropriate out too. We welcome our back to the weekend microphones said, Craig Kitchen, President and CEO, O, C, O, O, O, a premiere radio in ours. His return reflects a law, his longstanding bond with this audience and his undying passion for radio. And all we can say is, Eeeeh! Oh, who the hell are you people, kid, man? The Space Crowd. Listen, you know something? Speak on a Space Cadet. Wasn't it the Beiner Boy to use to listen to that crap? Yes. What does that tell you? You should know he was the Space Cadet. He was out of this world. Five, six, seven, we had one suggestion for our dead people. Pull, let's may not go over well at all in a moment. Do they see our told you? Nobody wants to talk about dead people? They sure want to talk about you a lot. Most you must be right on the verge. Who'd you like to see as Democratic presidential candidate next year were asking our first poll, two hundred and nineteen votes? Wesley Clark, General Wesley Clarkson, I was seeing it as already way ahead, 62 votes. And the amazing part about that is how many people really know who he is. About third man. So it's either the fact that he's retired general. They think he went or the fact they're so disillusioned with the other ones. Or both of the all of these things. They saw that meet the press. Or they saw that tremendous performance on meet the press, which is once you do a good job on there. He ate Tim Ressert for lunch. Howard Dean 41, he's like 20 behind. I don't care they all suck 35. Bob Graham is in, if this thing changed in again, 33. I don't care. 30, 13.1% of you people, mental defectives. I'll sharpen eight, John Kerry seven, John Edwards five, Venice, Cassinates, little Dennis with a bad hairpiece, got a pair, Dick Edwards got a pair, Julie women's got one, one vote for Julie women and Caramel's Libra on still low have any. Or somebody plays vote for Caramel's Libra on even some white person, please just just so she don't feel bad, you know. And it was because if you don't get any votes, they'll be accused of enrages. That's wrong. Here's a call from Boker. Hello. Hello, Nick. Yes sir. I heard a little thing to have with you. The thing that you're looking for in the jersey, I think it's called Union City. Right, Union City. Thank you so much. I've been a political and mehra like George. Oh, of course. And I tell you, you can put my body for Wesley Clark. He's going to, he's not killed on how the bush and down. He's going to kick his ass. Absolutely. He's got my vote. I mean, he's got a serious mistake. I'm going to kick the million times. That's the cameo of it. It's okay. Well, we're going to have a vote. You know, it's just Union City and New Jersey. How come you didn't know that? I don't know from New Jersey. Well, Scott's supposed to know from New Jersey. I think I landed in New York. Did he say that she was living in far Rockaway? No, I don't. Anyway, they had. I'm sorry. So McGell is going out. They postponed or whatever. Where do you go? Go, right. We want you to go to the Chelsea station on the corner of the university and Rower Boulevard in prestigious plantation. You know, you want me to talk to you by the Northeast corner there? I guess you're out. I'll get what he gets there. What do you mean? You'll figure it out. Times you've been there I've heard of me. What's wrong with you? Well, I got you under a lot of stress Just if I had a sniffed orphus I'd probably be a little bit nervous too What a thought that is I I probably want to withdraw that can I withdraw? No, do late No, I'm just talking about he goes in here and he likes checks for like bombs and things like that He's like a doll a bomb sniffing. He has to go in every morning and then he has to ring the ring The Reins orifice make sure the coast is clear Anyway, our van hit is today and that lady ought to be really pleased and plantation I went to bad for she's right in the hood so you have like at least one there And I'm sure you're good a lot more, but our best meal CDs and the more how are they with it? I've some food he changed and all I could crap So what time you gonna be there? He's leaving soon and he'll be there before noon He'll be there before I want you out of your office before noon if you're not out. I have you a thrown out Remember that line and that work remember that? Yeah, yeah, I just I'm sick. I'm a sick person. I have to admit that I've had these lines in my head I can't I can't erase them. I have this mental illness. I have all of these things in green In my head just for example this morning Scott was talking something about Pauli sure, you know, and I said oh poorly mostly him No, no, no, no, no, I just I can't stop everything ties into the godfather Everything ties into the godfather network all of these things. It's the hub of the unit. So well, it's infectious It can stop right Or like somebody I know would say I'm infectious you are he's got the crudman. He's got that crotch rot So Miguel will be there. Well, let you know what he's gonna be there. It'll be soon so head on out head on you For Broward Boulevard in University on a shelf station. He'll be there in a Qm van. You can't miss him if you realize to him I'd give you a little a peck on the cheek He says he's got a pecker just hope of course that he does a little list of green after doing Dorine 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT and see And Verizon wireless line See now it's too bad that they don't have one of those shows on playboy We could like pretend we're replaying the audio Oh, see I don't dare when they're talking I don't dearly that on Because we don't want to do like Scott and jeopardize our careers. It might away Scott quit talking about it You idiot here's Volca. Hello good morning I'm calling about the rum so article you mentioned I read it too and I'm sure it's in live the poll that said nearly 70% of Americans Believe that I rack was directly related to the 911 incident right so I went and I started looking up because I specifically remember Run sell trying to make that that connection so when I found this on the internet today when he was standing in front of the Senate arm services committee in July He said the objective in the global war on terrorist to prevent another attack like September 11 or biological nuclear or chemical attack that could be worse And he says with confidence the world is a better place today because the US let a coalition of forces in the action and I rack But he draws those parallels he has any window and he threw the oldest propaganda at us to try to get us to make the connection between 911 and Iraq and the two months later he actually can't remember what he said two months ago exactly I think the only way to describe it is Right they lie a lot All right, good day, pali thanks. Thanks, pali have a great life Yeah, the public has started to see through it like looking through a pain of glass like looking through a piece of cellophane They lie through their teeth. There are people or American kids over there dying and getting just severely wounded every day It was like four more seriously wounded overnight every single day And by the way since we're still in such a good job between Osama yamama and Mula Bula Omar and The Sodom the Arabic news network LRB are today broadcast a new audio tape statement attributed to Sodom Hussein Last month, Al Jazeera broadcasted tape also important to carry the voice of Sodom CIA officials said they believe there was a high likelihood the voice on the earlier tape was at a Sodom and why shouldn't one today be he's still alive They hit him with five shots. He's still alive just like down Koleone In the past few months, several tapes said it was made by Sodom of an airtocling when in July urging Iraqis to resist US forces This report of the tape follows new attacks on US troops in Iraq where at least four soldiers were wounded the coalition for public information said are said the two day Is it saying anything else about the tape? Nights about it But I'd like that a new Sodom tape. We got him yet. No, no, but we're lying and we have the article we had yesterday that we have no idea When I need closer to Osama now that we were before but we're wasting all these billions and billions and billions of dollars and countless human lives in a war of futility for no purpose whatsoever Against the country that now we admit had no weapons of mass destruction wasn't connected to Al Qaeda wasn't connected to 9.11 Wasn't a threat to us wasn't 45 minutes away from the bridge with a new clear and chemical weapons and biological and all apart from your territory But you're mama you know that's basically what it boils down to you know like it can it's worth it Yeah, yeah, right What a what a shame what a scam But there's a Wesley Clark There's Judy Woodruff. She's a good to know that She is she's a religious not that she's a Democrat Explain me that oh come on She's probably one of them. I'm maybe she's a cat lick or something. I don't know you don't remember that light of course You do yes About the the god thing about the religion they understand So she's a related, but she's not a right-wing fundamentals. No, so you don't understand the difference no See it's politically corrected America especially for an immediate you have to be a god person. There to be part of the god squad You don't get that Get where the tragic for your out I am 13 at 560 WQM I'll tell you place that's still in brand issues They've been doing it for over 25 years in South Florida and as I speak right this moment They're more popular than ever before because people don't they want to take good care of their feet This is a story that'll take good care of them. They got all the famous brands in the universe. They got rock ports echo is Mufisto timberland Clark's S.A.S. floor shime all the names in the shoe business that you know and love and desire and they have a wide range of sizes Men size 6 to 15 like what's his name is that show as the second season the third season on the At small no no when is that star I don't know well I'll start on the break Men sizes 6 to 15 including like they can fit up time welling with a big one And shoe 2 women's five to twelve and what's from the very narrow to the very wide and don't forget their professional sales staff I give you a perfect personal service to make sure you get a perfect fit every time like I just said and with over 40,000 parents stock in their 8,000 square foot mega store you can bet Scott's life on it Whatever style you're looking for is available in your size right now to pop on your feet brand these shoes You'll find a mid 12 nighty North federal highway pop at Obeets open daily nine to nine Sundays 10 to five and all this week at granny 20% off the entire lineup of famous brand name shoes and stocks stuff in the store of his amount of web and brandies shoes dot com Speaking about picger What's our what's a thing about mistakes color X And who? If the frosting or caulk your fruit, I'll give you a bowl of sweet tea and I'll try to warm up too. Hey, I'll wish them to mine and I am in so much. I think I'll be crazy. I've always been crazy on the fact. Probably so that will be toilets funding. It's 11.19 at 5.60 WQA and we got 293 votes already. Who'd you like to see is Democratic presidential candidate next year? General Wesley Clark was announcing making it official today. He's got 80 votes. He hasn't even announced yet. Here's the earhorky Isabelle. It's heading right for Virginia Beach. It's a terrible rainfall and we do have a threat for inland flooding. And let's just talk a little bit about inland flooding. Yeah, that's not. Wesley Clark 80 Howard Dean 53. I don't care they all suck 50. I don't care I'm for Boast 39. That's 13.3% Bob Graham 39. He's tied with a bushmeister. John Kerry 9. I'll sharp the 9. John Edward 7. Dick Gibbhardt 3. Dennis Cassinage 2. Julie Brman 1. And thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Somebody voted for Carol. Mostly Brown. Thank you. I want to hurt you left out. What? October 1. Is what? Smallville. Oh October 1. That's not there for a reason. It's a little bit late. So it's two weeks from last night. So we from next Tuesday is the new season of Smallville. You didn't see the season finale. Maybe they'll replay that right before the open. They'll reprise the last couple of minutes. You should see it a lot happened. Does it pop out? Is it super? There's lots of explosions. Oh, at least one. Squared. Yeah. Anyway, wait till you're this. In late August, the number of US troops killed since May 1. Reached to 138. Courses beyond that now. The same number that had died between the attack, beginning March 20th and Bush's Trump and Declaration of War was over. This was a depressing statistic in a course that rises every couple of days. But the Washington Post reported an equally depressing number on September 6th. Two years after 9.11, 69% of American surveys said they believed that it was at least likely that Saddam Hussein was involved in attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon. I shouldn't be surprised. This is written by Alexander Contver. No, this is by Gary Loop. Leo. Counter punch. It's from the prison planet website. I shouldn't be surprised. He says National Geographic reports listen to this. That 85% of young Americans 18 to 24 can identify Iraq, Afghanistan, or Israel on Unmarked map. Oh my God. 56% cannot find the Indian subcontinent. Dangling. They're so conspicuously in another than the Indian Ocean. Only 9. Oh, this I can't handle it. Only 19% can name 4 countries that are now having nuclear weapons. Fortunately, a whopping 70% can identify the Pacific Ocean, but that's probably just because it's the biggest thing on a planet. But if you look at that kind of firstly, 30% can identify the Pacific Ocean. We're doing it. The numbers aren't just embarrassing, but dangerous because in such a sea of ignorance, swim bushes, neocons, void by it, empowered by it to send you as troops to their deaths, in order of conqueror and occupy nation. That had nothing to do with 9. 11. Repeat nothing and do with 9. 11. And repeats it about 20 times on here. It says the only way to maintain adequate domestic support for the ongoing war in Iraq is to promote that fiction, which means to deliberately and cynically exploit ignorance, worse to exploit racism and religious entitlements in the form of essentialism, the notion that all members of a particular community, in this case, Muslim Arabs and any one, be united things might look like one, are essentially the same for all practical purposes, in other words, smata heads. All working together collectively to get back at us as the good soldier puts it all couple both of the sins of their members. Oh, this is, I mean, no statistics. I just, I just, I just, I just want to barf, you know. I think you want to put my guts out. What is this all about? I'm going to take a hard year list. Conny, your favorite did political figures, Chagovara. Stinking, Connie. Oh, this is somebody hates you anywhere. Go out of Jim. That's why you're saying that. No, I'm not putting a Chagovara on there. Let's get serious. I'm going to make the list myself. Okay, then we can just dispense with George Washington and Thomas Payne. All right. The nurse, that's it. I'm right. Thomas Payne, no. No, George Washington, Thomas Payne. That's it. Nobody else can get a lot of response. They went about the actors, the musicians and famous audience. Oh, yeah, people of the right people. But the politicians, I mean, that's a little bit too esoteric. A little bit too cerebral. For our crowd, our crowd just wants to do the audio from Playboy TV and who are we to deny him that? And we like them. Yeah, there you go. See, they're talking. This whole, I can't put it on this hour. Because it's thump, thump, thump, thump, thump, thump, thump, thump, thump, thump, thump, He's going to say the effort. Any minute, you know. And then you'll have to bleep in. We'll have to go through a big song to dance and duffle, come running in. It was that on the air. Greg, it's a four letter word. Greg, you know, all right. So we don't want to have all that hysteria going on there. Especially another we got him calm down. You know, as he wasn't, I mean, I'm not. I would be bad to say it would be an in port taste. What? But at least I'll say this for him. He didn't like losing when Doc Cox when we had the word about him passing away. How do you know? Because he came in and we discussed and he didn't seem to be, I mean, You know, he was sad like the rest of us, but he didn't become an emotional cripple. I think that the fact that he was a close. I have no idea. Well, well, Doc Cox was close to Tanner. Tanner was very close to Cox. And, and duff is very close to Tanner. So it's just he might like rub all of it. I see. It might, it's just my do it. Now let's see. Here's one of his Barbara Simpson is a complete in total Nazi bitch-faced troll and Coder wannabe. So at at least art belt replacing remains less right wing crap on a radio says Lou in well. I don't know. Thank you, Lou. I don't know. That crap. So I have no idea who those people are. Nor I could. Also, it says check out. Here's another fact. Check out the site. Miss leader.org for a daily deconstructing of more of W's lies. Okay. I voted for grandma and your pull, but if God forbid you leave him in his denomity, I would even vote for him if he made getting rid of this disgrace in the oral office. Can I nominate Paul Balsdon for your pull? Oh sure. That's good for our radio. Did you? Yes I did. Paul Balsdon who died in a very mysterious and untimely right. Playing crash in Minnesota. But guy he'll be missed. He will. He already is. That's what the water mondial said. That's all. Poor old Walbert. Couldn't win a face close. Neither Minnesota. And that's sad. Democratic Party with a death wish. Another nebish. Here's a call from North Miami. Hello. He's up to 10. He's up to 10. He's up to 10. My name is. He's up to 10. My name is. What is he? Fuck. Excellent. That was the best call of the year. Here's a gaggy sucks. Okay. Seriously. I've got to ask if we're all tomorrow. Why he keeps sucking his hand. Oh my. Oh my. I mean the most embarrassing. It's just the sophomore juvenile pathetic screaming and puking. Oh. Just out of control. In fact, no wonder he likes the beast working with. I know it fits in like a rubber glove up your. Back home slot. 85% of young Americans 18 to 24 can identify Iraq Afghanistan or Israel. Any of these. Any of the all of these things on on on mark map. 56% can find the Indian subcontinent. They can't find India. We've been Sri Lanka. 56%. Yes. And 30%. Because I'm turning this that around. I mean to say 70% right. But 30% can identify the Pacific Ocean. I mean in America there's only two that you need to concern yourself with. This one in that one. Yeah. And they can find that. What's that one off there? Just off the afloat of coast. What's that one off to these there? Oh, the Gulf. Or the Indian. Or do you say, Karate. Oh, God. That's America for you can hear it all away up here. But like that. We don't mind up here in Toronto. We're going to get the ass in of his available. Take it. We don't mind the ass in. Right. There's a lot of guys on church street. Don't mind the ass in. 27 past 11 at 5 60 WQM and you got up this morning and took a deep breath. What were your breathing? God only knows if you're tired of the schmutz. The molds for is the dust particles and all the crap in you. Maybe you've got a bad mold problem. You need to call one like most got under his. Call one 866 542 49 95. That's the number for clean air restoration. These guys really know how to get you air clean. If you have respiratory problems, Ralleges call one 866 542 49 95 now. You spend hundreds of thousands of dollars on your home, but not a dime to ensure that they air that you and your family and even your pets are breathing is clean. The air filter system on your conditioning system is they're just to protect the AC coils. It's not there to filter there that you breathe and believe me. It doesn't. Their hepah filtered air handling systems remove almost all airborne Particular including mold sports that can potentially produce Microtoxins animal dandered dust mice and sec to side dust yeast cells skin Flakes building material dust and all kinds of nasty unhealthy schmutz. Clean air restoration is licensed and ensuring their employees have been in the Benus for over 25 years. And right now clean air restoration has got a needle deal for you. For just 1995 the conduct of visual mold assessment of your house. The one specuracy unit AC air ducts your home interior and your home interior. Clean air restoration handles mold related insurance claims commercial residential project. So improve the quantity of your life by improving the quantity of your air that you breathe makes sense to me. Call 1 866 542 49 95 for clean air restoration making your air fit to breathe. My. And low. This is for 3.05. 2. 2. That rich reminds me of my mother. Why wonder wonder. But who do why? We drop the bomb of law. For little alley. His legs are now a stop. Let's thank the boy for making gas. She fell at the pump. Why wonder wonder. But who do why? We drop the bomb of law. First you break wash the public. You know bush like a god. Here. And you know high jack for US. For all your work. Everybody's who get anything you want. You conquer them and tell them. Get democracy a chance. And you feel it, Jenny, a plunder. For oil water and natural gas. Or why wonder wonder. But who do why? We drop the bomb of law. What a few dead babies. They did it. So far long. We sure showed them a thing or two. I could treat right around. Who I wonder wonder. Who do we do? We're going to eat one. He dropped the bomb of law. And the label. I wonder why. Oh. Wonder why. We got the bomb of law. The operation by elimination man. A worst luck at charme. 1133-560-WDQ-940 jump on that bandwagon. Yeah. No. I did read this and I thought now would be a propitious time to pass it along because the people need to know. See. Another reason that they're all gone whole for Wersley Clark is because they don't know too much about him. Except he has a big mouth and talk a lot during the war on MSNBC. Right. Of course we know how many people watched MSNBC. I'm turned in the war. And I really was on. Maybe he was on CNN. I think he was on a map. He's always open in the mouth. Not only went a sweet event in Hoover who writes in the uh... nation. Per editorial. Here's an excerpt that somebody actually does they remember a couple days ago. Hmm. Like on Monday. In on June 12, 1999, an immediate aftermath of NATO's air war against Yugoslavia, a small contingent of Russian troops, dashed to occupy the Christina Airfield and Kosovo. Clark was so anxious to stop the Russians that he ordered an airborne assault to confront these units in order which could have unleashed the most frightening showdown with Moscow since the end of the cold of the Cold War. War high-purbally you can decide, but British General Michael Jackson, the three-star General and Commander of K-4, the International Force Organization, committed by NATO to enforce an agreement in Kosovo, told Clark, Sir on not starting World War III for you, when refusing to accept his order to prevent Russian forces from taking over the airport. Jackson was rightly worried that any precipitous NATO-action-conversive confrontation with a nuclear armed Russia, and upset the NATO-led peacekeeping plan just getting underway with the withdrawal of Serbian forces from Kosovo. Indeed, it is in military circles that Clark's pristine incident was the final straw that led the Pentagon to relieve him of his duties actually be tarim earlier. Clark had also angered the Pentagon, brass, and secretary of defense William Cohen in particular, with his numerous media appearances in repeated public requests for more weapons, and for more freedom to wage the Kosovo war that way he wanted with ground troops. At one point, according to Media Reports, the Defense Secretary Cohen through Chairman of Joint's Chiefs of Staff, he was held in tour Clark to get your effing face off TV. How do you like that? He told Clark to get your effing face off TV. So I don't want to see him be kind of a media hound, maybe a little bit trigger-happy all of these things, but I just something to think about, okay? Before you start jumping in with both feet and getting all excited and whipped up into a frenzy, okay? Okay? Yeah, the whole time we're through pre-em allight commander. Oh, how can you beat that? You can't beat the supreme. So he's got a big leader, he's got 89 votes, Wesley Clark 89, who'd you like to see as the Democratic candidate against W? Howard Dean 64, I don't care they all suck 59, Bob Graham 46, I don't care I'm for Bush 45, 13.1% for Bush for Bush for Bush for Bush for Bush for Bush. In fact, that should be the bumper sticker, lick Bush in 2004, shouldn't it? Okay, I'm putting down. Look, lick Bush more in 2004. Ron Kerry, who looks awfully old and scary, he's got 12, that he got rid of those herpes. Al Sharpton 10, John Edwards 8, the guy that talks to dead people, Dick Gibhardt 4, Dennis Cassinous 3, Carol Mosley-Bron and Julie Reminiich have one out of 342 votes. Don't forget the other pole that'll go up at the end of the show, who's your favorite dead political figure, and so far we've had no, we got Paul Walshdon, that's it. It's just not when it's going over to, because like Motel me, they don't want to hear about dead people. Although lately they're so damn many of them. Gardner Ted Armstrong or whatever hell his name was, and Shib Wally, the purple people leader man, and John Ford's bears for Tippedon, whatever hell what was it in the millionaire? Who? You remember that show? It's before you were in the oven. And you got John Ritter and Johnny Cash Jesus Christ and Don Cox and Jesus Christ. And Jesus Christ. Here's a lady from somewhere. Hello. Hi, you forgot to add out the board to that list. There's a, he drafts out the board site. He's not running. We put only people running. But they still might draft some drafts. Let me say it again. We've my lips. We could have put a hell go around. We could have put Hillary Clinton on there. We could have put a lot of people, you know, conjecture that they might run, but so far did not running. So we put only people who are running. Okay. Okay. Have I? I had to. I had to be like a little bit deligimant there because you were going to take no for an answer. But they're considering, you know, the last poll they took the other day showed the Fiddity Fiddity, gore in the bush. Just like we left off a couple of years ago. Fiddity Fiddity. I mean, like that. Oh, Al Gore, man. We don't want him no more. Right? Right? Oh, my God. We have to be an disaster. Oh, no. I don't want to go. I live that they could have stolen the election from, who made it that close after eight years of prosperity and peace. Everybody getting the peace out. Put an Ella Bubba for such a smart guy. You sure wasn't idiot. I don't want Clinton to campaign campaign for me. Yeah, but he did a good job. But it was coal miners, man. Huh? Hey, you have to be a thinking man to pack that Mike's hard lemonade. You're a satchel before you go down in there. You got to think about what are these guys going to want? They've been down here cold and nervous and shaken. I just hard lemonade. That's good to me. And then in Vanneby Internet, right? What? What tell more, could you want? I'm almost inspired to play some Al Gore crap. Now, she's obviously obsessed. She thinks that that's the answer. So how about our gore? No. No. Gore, Al Gore. Ready? Never gore. Or you're a gore. You guys need your nomination. We'll be by-spreadable. This is some crap. I've been watching you during that. I'm not gonna write it on television. And if I could have your silence, I would like to demonstrate for you. The Al Gore version on the market. I  need to gore the hundred Botoranic. The Margarine string is the mother name. We'll be more in a second. We're ready. And you are Alarm, goes off in the morning. Look at the order and one of your children has Russell Here's the C orchestra. morning, Makarana, and one of your children reaches for cereal and fruit, Makarana. Makarana, Makarana, Makarana. Makarana, Makarana. Makarana! This is for 20 o'clock city, with you, a.m. Good very very. We're supposed to just 17, we're supposed to almost 17, we're supposed to six feet on a half. But we'll make them to what my older brother is saying in your head just good. Listen, you should try my God or secret to the God, because your population smells too tall. Oh, don't go close up to it. Let me get home, that'll be me, don't walk. It's my day, yeah, it's my hour. I still, this is me, tough. Just feel the way we don't look today. I still, just grab the insect. I wanna hold your hand. Oh, my, oh, my. Look at him 45 at 5, 60. Oh, my, oh, my. WQM, home of some of the most embarrassing crap in his new broadcast. Speaking of his embarrassing, and I used to turn broadcasting loosely. Yes, Deborah Purollo stopped facking you crazy bitch 20. What's he passionate about? He's passionate about nonsense. Just stuff that you've gotten before. Yeah, stacks and stacks. Hey, Deborah, please, that our facts paper, you psychotic bitch, you idiot. You simple person, you Miguel should be there by now. Wouldn't you think of the shell station point or probably the other way? He said it was raining cats and dudes. Uh, that's gonna like, we don't want to get rained down. I'm gonna rain out our charade. He and our parade. Well, that's not, whatever we get, well, get, you know, somebody will show up, but also they're gonna do. Bring your raincoat, your trench coat, and your rubbers. And bring your rubbers cause Miguel will be there ready for action, right? You wouldn't want to get back. Actually, after, well, he doesn't want to come back any time soon, because he said if he shows up before two, he's got a rimdorine. So, I don't think he'll be back any time soon. Well, you never confused him with the rumored, did you? Oh, my! Oh, my! No, I saw him pick up a check, so I know what they hit him. Oh, my! Oh, my! You're an embarrassment, okay? You're a good guy. I like you. It's nothing personal but my god. And you know something he's perfect for the University of Miami. Here they got a choice between a consummate professional who got screwed over by mobile, by the way. And the dolphin organization. Absolutely. Bill's in for who did out, Yoman work, an excellent job on the dolphins. Nine seasons with a mad dog. And was available to do a U of M football. And the University being the typical bush leg, the end of the... Oh, no, we want to have the same guy doing all of our sports. We want Josie. Oh, my! Oh, my! If it's in perfectly with the entire ambiance of the University of Miami, Donna, no ball, Shalila, and a whole thing over there in the Gables. Makes me want to puke, okay? Donna, you sick idiotic bitch. Oh, that's not disgusting thing. I ever saw it. Get our name off that billboard right away. We've got balls. You got no balls. Honey, although rumors were they had big ones. That's what bubble was saying. Even Josie impressed. Oh, my! Oh, my! Here's the facts from Lisa and North Miami says, What would knowing where your rack is on a map? Two knowing what's really going on in the world because you all read. Proof. Oh, it wouldn't make any easier for anyone if we knew about it or not. I see now why you and George take drugs. Because you can certainly yourself with all that negative crap and it pisses you all off. This has got to be phony. It is. I don't care where your rack is. No, do I want to? I have so much more to say but thought you might not read this. Right phony. This is the same as the, was it Tracy that they did? Yeah. The phony name. Building code compliance. And I asked fake facts. Yeah, another fake facts from a fake Lisa for the y'all. Y'all read y'all got. Hang out of what y'all got Lisa, which probably ain't much. Idiot. 560560 is a, I'm not depressed about anything. I'm wrong. I'm a happy camper. Right. You made. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. It's sloppy. Oh, I'm a little bit upset about the fact. Joseph Gackie is on WQM doing anything. I mean, like I said, nice. Got to have a round. Give me a pay check just to keep him. You know, him is lovely wife to have to eat now. And then. Wesley Clark's got 99 votes. Who'd you like to see is that a credit presidential candidate next year? Wesley Clark 99. 364 votes all told Howard Dean 67. 544 bush 52 13.9%. Oh, Bob Graham 49. John Kerry 13 outsharped in 12. John Edward 11 Dennis Cassinant's Ford. Dick give hearts for. Carol mostly. Ron one Julie women one. See the fact that we got out of this audience almost 14% for bush. That's how it. What about we said he could hold a. I've speech. You could go on national TV on worldwide TV nine o'clock tonight on all the networks. Even on a playboy TV. And look, you're straight in the camera with that goofy look on his face with a furrowed brow and say, I lied to you. All those people who died over there, including the ones who are still dining, including your sons and daughters. I was all for nothing based on a lie. We had this planned long time ago. Me all my neocon pals. And when they were still tomorrow, it's still me 14%. Right. So at times right now, what we were saying about what? What a little bit stupidity. Just like the Arnold business. Oh, it's Arnold Schwarzenegger. He's going to be governor of California, maybe based on what? And then of course, this debate is going to participate in. You'll notice that course it's going to be a little bit on time. We were the election coming up March 4th probably now unless they have changed that. Us the overturned a court's decision. But the fact that a matter is that they have to have the questions in writing. So they can make the answers up for him ahead of time. Because he doesn't have any answers. He doesn't have any positions. He doesn't have any qualifications. But he'd rather pump than come. Work time is not such a bad idea. Pumping them coming in California. Whatever it hell that means. Oh, Jesus God and Christ their motors almighty. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. It's a good thing we got that big one into comedy. But it's already. We got screwed out of that last week because last Wednesday we hit a Marlon game. I try to tell you to do it early. Nah, but I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I've smartened the I took off Friday. Uh-huh. Faster. That'll show you. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, no. Pretty good sir. Hey, Neil. Listen. I want you to know you always doing a big smile to my push. And please, I'm going to ask you to please. I need a favor for you. Please. No. Those Joseph Gackies. But every time I hear that guy's voice, I get like ulcers in my stomach. Do you? Please. We can't listen to him. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. 560, 560, pound 560. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line, just a wild screaming out of control, maniac. I guess that's supposed to compensate for ability, you know. Hey, last thing. I'm here for it. I'm here for it. Ain't it the same thing? Like the road. A billet. Here's a call from Hollywood. Hello. Hi, you're highlighted at great sensational man. Great. Yeah, I just want to say something. I. And in the segue to some of your talks about the weather and the hurricane and stuff. I. The weather out here on Hollywood beaches. Excellent. Like now. I mean, all. And the weather here in Toronto is beautiful. It's sunny in the 72. I know, but all the local lose, you know, this morning on TV had like there's eight to 10 foot fees and six to eight foot fees and like I'm a lifeguard on Hollywood Beach and the water here is just really flat. There's a little bit of a. A comment running your office out for the beautiful days. All right, that would be just come on out and come on down with a piece of Detroit. Okay. You know, and I, I also tell you, where's the belt on your path? That man that did so much for now. She reports imagine imagine that that happened. If we didn't have to do that for us. I can't even begin to imagine it, you know what? Let's think about that. You know, the ins probably felt the same way about it. Yeah. All right. What do you think? You know, I've got to tell you what you're doing. I'm going to tell you what you're doing. I don't want you to say anything. That's a good thing. I'm not thinking. I said the Hollywood chamber commerce. Well, he's putting in a good plug. You don't want see some naked people out there on the beach. I'm straight. Well, some of them. Maybe some of them not. By who's your favorite dead political figure? We have no interest in this pull and that's okay, cause Eric said, say, I Tony Eric was digging with a show. See, that's an Eric emailed me to say that he got a whole bunch of suggestions on last night on the full. Because he put it on there for people to be able to put in their city. Which I put Bobby Kennedy on there by the way, Eric. way, Eric, I was the one and you put one into, right? So that's, but anyway, by doing that, see that would have been about 30 caused me with a hand from people suggesting is supposed to like do it on a website, so he's Dick and with a program here while making it nice and easy for you now, Eric, so don't interfere, okay? Like Malakoleone said to Santino, don't interfere. Remember that one who haven't dinner with the people he was given, let you do a carlowe about, right? Santino, don't interfere. She knew that, that hot tempered Santino man, they shot him on a causeway. Yeah, fun, call you home. Anyway, let's just play the audio from the gunfather the rest of the three years. I said, that sounds good to me. Huh? We're just gonna play gunfather drop-in. Oh my god, my man! I think you bloody brains will all be in my side, and make sure. It's a moment. I thought you were in the storm, so I know when we're in the frame. You go for my life. You go for my life. Please, good. Take me to the only place. See, this is what pisses all the Sino Mo off real big time. He knows that he knows in a part of his brain, what used to be, what's under the Amoscrath there, the Weasel. He knows that I could actually play Godfather drop certain next to three years, what's ever left on his deal, and still get the gigantic numbers over what he is pathetic, go decimal whatever he's problem. Man, this is what really has got a frost his saddle. I don't get how many day ago getting a walk, grease ball, going by, come out on a one-way. See, and you could play the same drop-in small, but the difference would be nobody would listen when you play it. That's the bottom line. Don't know why I'm with them to make you take your service with them. But justice, we must go to the one-way. That's so ridiculous, Rex. Oh! There you go. That's medley from the Godfather. 560, 0560, pound-560. Your favorite dead political figure, the list we have so far, Paul Wellstone, Thomas Pain, George Washington, Bobby Kennedy, Ablincon, Ablincon, Teddy Roosevelt, FDR, Thomas Jefferson, Martin Luther King and JFK. That's the list we have so far to which you folks have added one. Right. I mean, see if we had a really cerebral audience, say we say, well James Madison, because he was really, uh, uh, keep dreaming. What? cerebral audience. How about John Quincy Adams? How about him? Like to show? How about James Knox Polk? You Polk? He was kind of Polk's alien, I do believe. And he liked his Polk. A pagan Polk? No, he liked his Polk. Oh, maybe that was Franklin Pierce, who they said like his Polk. Was a Franklin Pierce or James Buchanan? Who was never married? They were always rumors about that that we had a close-up. Because it was one of them. It was in 2014, which was Franklin Pierce or 15 James Buchanan? I think was Franklin Pierce. And there were stories that were rumors, things, friend. 560, 0560, pound-560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello. You know God? Yes sir. By the way, it was James Buchanan. It was the American President. 15th. Really? That was why I said I would know was either him or Franklin Pierce. Right. Hey, you know, did you ever get a chance to read David Hulpersan book or in a time of peace? No. Yeah, that's the book that really details a lot of what went on in the Coastalville battle. And I think it gives a real good balance and a objective view of Clark's role in that battle. The editorial that you read for the nation, I think, gives kind of the one-sided view of some of the depressed manipulation that was going on during that war night. And I think it's fair to say that Clark was going to plain the press to get to bring attention to a lot of the bad things that were going on in the Coastal of the press was not paying attention. OK. I told a lot of the atrocities came out. I mean, I'm not saying he's perfect by the means. And I'm not saying that I'm even, you know, no, I'm not saying that I necessarily believe it, but somebody fasted to me today in the nation. Obviously he's a credible publication and I want to really because I want to put all the stuff out there and then people can pick and choose and believe what they want. Right. And when I'm saying with the Hall of Stembook is basically, I think it presents a very balanced set in the presence of the war to all of the honest with you. I highly recommend it. OK. And also for the, for the poll for the dead politicians, I think I like to know that the person that ran this is the country during the 1980s. Nancy Reagan's astrology, she is dead by the way. OK. And have a great day. Just say, I know. I know. I know. I was actually an anti-sistrology. I figured for him. I said, that's good news. And that was a great call. That was a great call. We're not put that on there. Of course, because we don't know what the name was. Nobody, we know who it was anyway. Just like they don't know where the god damn Indian Ocean is or where India is. Or Sri Lanka is. I always like to say, line, you know, when I was collecting stamps. See, that's the problem. I thought I was learning something about the world that they went and changed. How they changed the names of all the damn countries. Piss me off, man. What the hell was in Bobway? You know, what is that? Whatever happened to the good old Belgian Congo, huh? That was my favorite Congo. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go. I'll go. So we can all go to the Congo. How's precious doing, by the way, and the passion she okay? Very good. Love him 57. All the rulers and our patients on passions because nothing is half an a Sharon. Sharon crawled up those stairs again, honey. Maybe somebody will hear this time, damn it. Maybe Hank will hear you. By now, you've been hearing about lemon and serush and how laminated would flooring from lemon and seruses. The easy, the intelligent low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring, which cost you an arming for legs. Laminance or rush is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from the top names in the universe like Pyrrador, Purgle, Wilson Art, Uniflor and Quickstep. If at all the top names all installed by a pergoster to fight in dollars too. Another good reason why I had to be calling these folks instead of anybody else is because at Laminance or rush, their prices will positively floore. Right now, you can get their September kickoff special for just $1995, just $1995. Let's get you up to $380 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring. It is positively amazing. Elaminance or rush will match any legitimate written offer too. You can't be doing with a stick. For a free and home estimate, no obligation, call laminated to rush toll free and tell them that crusty rusty old Neil quoted to call 1-877-777-3336. They make it as easy as pie. They give you free carpet disposal, pre furniture, moving 25 year warranty, and years of beautiful, easy care laminated wood flooring. Call laminated to rush today toll free. When in doubt, check this out. 1-877-777-3336. This is $560. It's a re-use on your top. A QAM. It's the 12-1 hour on QAM. What a nice recovery at home. Excellent. Fairly noticing. Summer to the movie. Sitting at home watching the WWE at WF got hair on my bike and I'm a cool guy. I got remote control. I got my Nintendo Jostick. I'm so dying lazy. I'm married a pregnant chick. Now it's true I drive a beamer and I play lots of golf. I wear polyester pants that I never take off. I go out to the bars and I try to be funky, but I don't fool anyone because me are funky. Oh, you're honky. Oh, you're honky. Oh, you're honky. Oh, you're honky. Oh, you're honky. Oh, you're honky. Oh, you're honky. Oh, you're honky. I listen to Madonna and I think she's really hip and that Julio is lazy and spell-up. Just listen to me flip. I don't like to live cruel. That's just so darn dirty. My kids don't allow to listen until they turn 30. My bad is my uncle. I am a sister's my aunt. I'm enrolled in school just to get me a grand. I tell a lot of that to jokes. I think that this funny, I got a bad sense of humor because me are honky. Oh, you're honky. Oh, you're honky. Oh, you're honky. Oh, you're honky. Little too wide. Oh, you're honky. Oh, you're honky. Oh, you're honky. Oh, you're honky. Little too wide. Look at me do the barstep of it. Look at this. Why don't you come over here and pull my finger? I think we put our finger on it today. The problem with America if there is one of course, there might not be, but I think it might we might have found it too many trailer parks. Okay. The trouble for at 5.60 WDQ, of course. Some of them might get blown away. What if Ryan Cabell from CNN, he's standing there like just the wind is blowing, you know? Nothing's going to happen to tomorrow morning, but he's standing there like it and his hair blowing all around. You know, just waiting for the big blow. Our lot of guys standing around waiting for the big blow in line. Black says Iraq probably destroyed WMDs. Former UN weapons chief weapons inspector Hans Blitz believes that Iraq destroyed most of its weapons of mass destruction 10 years ago. But kept up the appearance that it had them to the tour of military attack and interview with the Australian radio station broadcast today. Black said it was unlikely that the US and British teams now searching for weapons in Iraq would find more than some documents of interest. Interest. As I know, he used to say, interest. I'm certainly more and more of the conclusion that Iraq has as they maintain the destroyed all most of what they had in the summer of 91, Blitz told Australian broadcasting corp radio. The more time that his past tomorrow think it's unlikely that anything will be found he be saying. Blitz indicated he's helped the US let coalition at Baghdrak on the issue of Iraq's weapons. In the beginning they talked about weapons concretely and later on they talked about weapons programs. Maybe they'll find some documents of interest he said. Is that like persons of interest like Steven Hadfield? We got persons of interest and I would got documents of interest. I mean you can put a sign up on your door beware of the dog without having a dog he said from his home in Sweden. Good point, Hans. By the way, Lee, Pete, whatever, at Yorkert, Yorkert, the girls team in Finland and Helsinki last night, five to three anybody care? No, I wonder if that game's on again. You think they keep replaying it like over and over going to leave Stevie? It is Robertson of the corner to New and Knight. New and Knight circles back to the blue line to Wade Vela. Vela has it hooked off of his stick. Why? Never signed a better Joe my good friend the great Joe Bowling man. See the best or what? Even George knows he's the best. Who? Oh, and by the way it's a good thing we don't have Josh Friedman on our staff anymore to go bother Joe Bowling for more promos. He's a very smart level. It's so great it's just a... This is Joe Bowling the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. They don't come any better than Neil Rogers. Thanks Joe. What's upon a time tax box orifice? My good buddy Johnny Depp. I mean everybody also in the station drops names all the time. What else should I have? If I have to hear one more time for Reltown this about how he was with Mad Dog at that dolphin kick off the lunch web or whatever the thing was yesterday. How many times did he say that this morning? About third man. Man I love his Scott but just a cool little bit with that eye eye eye eye eye eye eye uh huh you know what I'm saying what he's saying. I'm saying that he says that maybe I love it too much. Right. You be mean by about a half a half a beat. What's this important thing coming over from chronic Jane? She says I liked Howard Dean but now I want Wesley Clark. He was first in his class in West Point. He was a Rhodes scholar like Brooklyn and he was a professor of economics at West Point. He knows how to handle the military. I think a Clark Dean ticket will be ideal or Clark Graham ticket but you know Graham's unheard of. Right. Love percentage but he has a snowball's chance in how you're about that Jane. Please check out www.mesleater.org. The documenting pushes lies. Somebody else facts that already. I'll let check it out. Like that one I checked out yesterday was good to read that one about what was it? What was it? I don't know. Some would have the anti-religion stuff but there was nothing there we could use but it was good. It was all the anti uh babbling crap. Anyways, as there's a channel on satellite TV called Link that is something interesting. He shows about the world and is non-profit. Link.org. So it's Jane and for Lord of Chronic Jane. Thank you Chronic Jane. Anyway, I get back to Johnny Depp important thing. Could you? Nobody cares about the fact that we have a bunch of functional literates who have no idea what. See, this is the thing about Americans because education system is such crap. Americans because of the geographic isolation think they can be comfortably ignorant. They know nothing about the rest of the world. I'm like almost any place else where they're very familiar with the rest of the world. Generally because most of the area in place else they're close to the rest of the world. Comfortably dumb. Although the Canadians here I don't know to say why they know so much about the rest of the world because the only thing they're close to was like the North Pole and the US. And yet the education system here is heads and shoulders. heads and shoulders above the USA? How do you like that? Johnny Depp has made another transformation it says. Oddball acted to box off his money maker. The star known for playing eccentric and cult favorite such as Edward which is so much too long. And fear of loading in Las Vegas is establishing himself as a major box off his draw with two films this week into the top five. Once upon a time in Mexico, as opposed to once upon a time in America which lasts for about seven and a half hours, once upon a time in Mexico staring at Tonyo Bandarist's a Murariachi musician gunslinger. And Depp is a sleazy CIA agent. They viewed in first place with $24 million of Queen industry estimates on Sunday. It was Johnny's second consecutive number one debut after the summertime hit Pirates of the Caribbean the curse of the Black Pearl which shorts of the movie South but Johnny was good. Pirates still performing strongly in its tenth week of release came in number five at 4.6 Mayan so in other words Johnny Depp is in two of the top five money making films of the week. Number one and number five in the same weekend. It says for any actor that's great and for Johnny Depp it's totally unexpected and welcome. Depp has had blockbuster's before such a sleepy hollow, chocolate, and modest hits like Edwards his orhands and Donnie Brasco but they've been few and far between the respected but little scene called films like Dead Man, Edward, Benny, and June and Furin loving in Las Vegas. I forgot did you say you ever finally saw Donnie Brasco? All right, Donnie Brasco is great. You should make me man, that's outstanding flick. We need to start talking about movies again. I know, and this is not. You want to know well though, the reason being that it inspired me to watch so many good ones and now that we don't talk about it, I've got about a half dozen of the other room I haven't even watched yet. Well, get to it. I haven't watched the snatch. Oh, snatch is good. Oh wait, and the movie too. Yeah. Oh and you which reminds me now maybe this is the hour when I can actually put some audio on here in the background. Yeah, maybe. Oh, now what I just saw. Whoa, if you could have seen what I just saw. That's what I didn't instrument. That's it, man. No you haven't seen that. But listen to me. Listen to me. Listen to me. Oh, look at the watch though. She had was her name. What if her name was Chrissy? Chrissy, don't just because it ended in SSY. Yeah, don't get all bent out of shape. Okay. Don't get Chrissy about it. Don't get Chrissy and don't be a Sissy. Okay, it was just the Chrissy. She was just having a little fun. Hit the exam. I don't, I just don't dare. Yeah. We have the dump. Now what was the movie with the the spikurola with Johnny Depp? Oh, that was Crybaby. Crybaby. Oh, oh, what do we even put that on? Roodle. Because it's so embarrassing. Very soon. Yeah. Anyway, Johnny Depp are Hallendale or Miramar. We're going to help was a boy who used to what's a pot of time. He was out on his luck down on his luck. Slutton is car actually, at one point. Many, many moons ago. And now he's a big star. This is a great story. This is from the Affudge Report. Miss Fudge had this on this morning. Oh, Mack Washington. You know where that is? More or less. You do? I might have been there. I never heard of it. Well, I never been in Washington State. So I don't know what that is. Anyway, O'Conna Gondick County Sheriff's deputy seeking a person on an outstanding warrant broke down the door to the wrong home. And then jolted a man with a taser in front of his wife and child. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Sounds like a soft floor to things, don't it? Oh, yeah. That happens there all the time. Sheriff Frank Rogers says the bottom line is officers messed up as what he said. No one was seriously injured. The incident. The heavily armed officers apparently burst into the wrong trailer at the host at the Trader Park in O' Mack. That's not home. The Lord's all homes that Washington. The man they were seeking 30 year old Joseph Emma Paruisian. He heard the Ruckus and tried to escape from another trailer. He was arrested without incident. He heard the Ruckus. Much of love that word, the Ruckus. So he fits right in with trailer parks and stuff like that. We're not knocking anybody out there. Listen to trailer park just because they called you trailer trash. Don't take it personal all the way. I think they might have a point. And who? And let me ask you this, who picks up the trailer trash? The trash people. Probably the promoter of the promotion department for Jerry Springer, I would think. Pick up the trailer trash. Paul or my off to Chicago. We're going to let you shoot that show. Oh, there's the hurricane. Here's the latest on EZML. They should know we have strategic supply. Oh, look at it. It's the cheese head. Throughout the United States. Tommy Thompson. Oh, they've kept him in a closet for a long time. It was in the particular areas. He drank water out of a creek. To move very fast. Who didn't? What's so important to do the pre-planning which work? By the way, how are they doing? I don't want to change the subject. But how are they doing and investigation about the. I can't find it now about the. And trash. Yeah, we got some of the contracts back in there. I'm almost at the wrong one. Perfect. Don't do that. Have they got the guys who sent the. And trash? You're a man yet? No, just so interested person. They got the first of interest. But other than that, we got any more clues about the. And trash now. Yeah, we're doing just as well as on that as we are doing a fighting Osama, Yamama and Saddam and Mullah Bola and the woolly bully and all these people. We found Shebboly and he's dead. That said, sad, you know. I didn't know he was 82 though. That's not all that old. I'll tell you. You start getting to be in your 60s like me. You start seeing any any number you pick. Oh, 100. That's not that old. Well, that's just the way you have to look at it. You know, the old one of the world 90. That's not so old. Just so you know, yes, the record right now is 116. She's still kicking. I we have it on our website. Oh, I'm sorry. Japanese lady, I have it on a website. I'm so far ahead of you, man. You have no idea. I scour. I scour the wicked worldwide web. Do you believe me? I'm a little bit sour. I'm sour and I scour. With coast. And actually what I use is that file. I brought back all that file, um, deodorant and soap from Amsterdam. I'm not too bad to people over there today. I haven't discovered it yet. 1214 at 560 WQM. If you're underpaid, if you're treated like crap at your work, if you're not making enough money, even buy a ticket to a ball game, how'd you like to have a new high-paying career before the year ends? It's true. You can do it. Put tink it about it and get least as some information and do yourself a big favor. Call fast train at 1-866 fast train. Fast train can have you trained in certified before the end of this year. The demand for computer professionals is big. It's gigantic and there's no end in sight. So there's no smarter time than right now to get you with some skills. And a new high-paying career change your life for the better. Fast train offers you job placement assistance. Convenient day evening and weekend schedules. And with six floor locations, including four in south Florida, there's about to be one nearby you to up there in Tampa as if we care about that. Fast train offers financial assistance to those who qualify too. So call fast train today, toll-free. At 1-866 fast train and in no time at all, you can be making more than scots making there. That's 1-866 fast train. North Sears to stay at a dead-in-job one more day. Check them out of the web at fast train.com and call them toll-free. Be sure and tell them that Todd Dreck tweeted to make that important call. 1-866 fast train. 1-866 fast train. We're supposed to be in 5-16, you A.M. The Hoover out the Moon, Mon. Gor is the boringest person that you ever viewed. We can't take it anymore. No one's for boring, then vice president out. No sons of fish, you expression is he alive. If you start with him then one hour seems like five. But he's bored. Because Gor is the boringest person that you ever viewed. Gor is the boringest person that goes for a temperature. Only once more wouldn't then him have no other. But he'll come to life for Asian guys with lots of toe. The old-figurator Indian man, he could put you in a coma in two seconds or less. We might just play the Leafs joke or hit the game last night. We got one call on a board to sour. Pretty depressing. We're too amazed and shocked in this video. Find a reaching. We're supposed to be in the top of the McDonald's. I'm a good person. 160 and it has stopped raining. The North Scuse is getting over there in McGellas at the corner of Broward and University Boulevard's. It drives in the Shell Station in the Q&A. Best of the Almighty, the best of the LCDs, the more Howard David it absolutely. You change all of that good stuff. Let's go for a bad and pet rescue. Let's get some money in there between home to a clock and cut the crap. This thing this year is taking out as slowly as molasses man. It's weak. Well, that really can't be for starting with nobody's and town yet. Well, they're still nobody there to be on. Right. No, it's like about half of the town is still laying out. And who could blame him? I know I'm laying out. Clark says his career has plunged into the presidency. So the audience so far seems to be very astuped, at least he would think so. Wesley Clark, the former NATO Supreme Commander told CNN he'll kick off his run for the Democratic Presidential nomination, with an announcement today, which we already knew that. This is what my expertise, my leadership experienced, my whole career has put in prepared me for Clark said in an interview with CNN's American morning on Wednesday morning today this morning. I've had a lot of diplomatic experience. I've done a lot of work with security policy. I think I'm the best person to look at the future of this country and keep us safe. Clark 58 becomes the tenth Democrat seeking to once he president Bush. He's a West Plung graduate road scholar, former CNN, and I see I told it wasn't, uh, I was wrong. We're CNN. That's why everybody saw him. Former CNN military analyst who led US and allied forces in NATO's 1999 air war in Kosovo asked about the fact that he never held elective office. He said his move is ambitious, but also his extraordinary era. Questioned about how he can market himself and his campaign without a record on domestic issues, Clark said on Wednesday that he has the same experience that everybody else does when it comes to grappling with the issue as a citizen. He said he worries about health care, education, unemployment other life issues as voters do. He said when he was in a military he dealt with quality of life and personnel issues such as housing education and health care for our people as what he said. He's responding to comments that he was abrasive and not well-liked by others in a military Clark said the environment was competitive. It's a competitive bureaucracy, he said, people at a rate at the bottom they come out at the top. There's a lot of gossip in some sharp elbows, no, but I think my record stands on its own merits. And if you look at what I've done, the contribution to the made it's a very solid record, I'm proud of what he said. And you'll notice the Arkansas connection here? Is there? And the fact that Bubba and Hillary and the other Clinton connections are people who are now as advisors and Bubba supposedly pulled some strings behind the scenes. You know this? Uh-huh. There you go. So far, Wesley Clark, who would you like to see as domestic as Democratic presidential candidate next year? Wesley Clark's leading the pack by good margin to 112 Howard D. 85. I don't care they all suck 80. I know care I'm voting for Bush, 59, 13% for Bush. Idiots. Bob Graham 57, John Kerry 16, John Edwards 13, Al Sharpton 13, Benus Cassinant 6, if you had a better her PC do better. Dick Gibhard only 6 in the sun, he's like Dick. Jewelie Rubin 4 and Carol Mosley Bronze got a pair, I'll ride! She's doubled her vote. Out of 453 votes, not too well good Carol. Step it up a little bit. 560560, pound 560 on the ATT, we got even in open lines, our poll here about the favorite dead political figures dead in the water. Who just ain't going nowhere? Aren't you amazed? No. Oh, here's Miami, hello. Okay, thanks for listening by the way. Thanks for listening asshole. Okay, here's our last call. It's in for Lauderdale, hello. Yes it is. I'm going to question for you. Take your time, and you're the only call on a board. All right, um, the cock summary of was he the one back, I mean I think I was in fifth grade at the time. I was pulled off a while 100 for some kind of altercation on an open child, no, that patient or something. No, he didn't have any child molestation thing. You're confusing him with the bill tanner right there. It didn't say if he wasn't, it was risen somebody from 1,100, yank off the air for for some kind of one. And Bill Tanner wasn't yanked off the air either, so I don't know, but he was the end dot. He was yanked off though. All right. That was my bad. Great show. Okay, thanks. Take care. He's got Tanner and comics up with cops. Five, six, seven, over five six. I guess it wouldn't be the first time. Pound five, 60 on the AT&T for the world of slime. We didn't all of a sudden like we things have been going too well, you know, and you just hit the nail on the head when you said there's still nobody there in your right. But things have been going a little bit too smoothly. Now all of a sudden it's like, well, we don't like that poll today that the second one is all puffy. Okay. Well, back to you. How do you like that? They don't like the fact that I thought that Mike in whatever his name was, uh, Coca-Cola Creek yesterday gave us a name good idea. It is good. We're going to do like a four part series. Uh, your favorite debt actors, your favorite debt musicians, famous others, but the politician thing, well, maybe they just aren't that many. Maybe we don't have a student's history in here. You think that could possibly be a poor who have no idea where the Pacific Ocean is or the North Polar Disappell or the Sky or Uranus or the Beach? They know where the beaches. Didn't you hear the guy just called two calls ago? Oh, yeah. So the beaches on the year right now. Mr. Old Beach. Here's a call from Kendall. Hello. Good afternoon. Yes, sir. Oh, it's flipping through a station yesterday and I heard you mentioned my name again. Yeah, Reverend Jones, I asked all that's what we said. Reverend Jones made you ask. You know, something that the moment that he said hello, good afternoon. It was him. I'm getting a lot better on that. Yeah, we don't law. We can't stand you, Reverend Jones. Go to hell away. Okay. You make a six to our stomach. You make us want to go. Everybody now knows your gay. Yeah, say his name one more time. You'll pop off. He'll pop off. Okay. Reverend Jones works. Okay. Back to care. He'll be coming out. 560, 5056, the only AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Mad Dog coming up at two the Humper from 4 to 630. Another one on stuff two and a half hours. What a deal. He's got man. That should all be so lucky. Marlins on deck. It says 30 Marlins at the fillets to try to like undo. There's still a half a game ahead. And it's in the lost columns where the difference is, which is mighty important is George knows. Marlins at the fillets need to win tonight to stay ahead for the wild card. Then you got any cap to the baseball game. Joe and Marko were night and then the Muscrap man. The old Weasel in a morning with the guilty. And as the Muscrap with the Weasel, maybe that's why it sounds like that. 26 past noon at 560 WQM VIP Sportsbook.com is big league. Baby it's the best in town. And you've got about Zillion other sportsports out there. Not totally made. Not a pedal for your money. They all want you to like turn to them. Of course, where the hell are they going to be when it comes time to collect? Because 99 percent of these bookies are in the jungles. Of course, the Riga, Guatemala, the Belgian Congo, say line, which don't even exist no more Sri Lanka. This year, move up and class to VIP Sportsbook.com, the oldest and largest sportsbook in the Netherlands. Believe you may you can trust those Dutch, as far as you can throw them. 100 percent legal in license too. Call VIP Sportsbook.com right now toll free at 1-86-6 VIP Betz because VIP Sportsbook.com is positively soft-loaded as best when you can trust they're going to be around. Son up right now and all year long. You can get on South Florida football and basketball teams juice free. You want to bet the dolphins? It's 100 to 100. You want to bet the hurricanes against one of those little girls teams they play? It's 100 to 100. So forget about the big, all signups get a 20 percent cash bonus too. Not some Sully-ass funny money match play bonus or some other bogus deal. A 20 percent cash sign-up bonus. VIP Sportsbook.com that's where you find them online or call them toll free. At 1-86-6 VIP Betz. That's 1-86 VIP Betz when you call be sure and tell them please. You're here about here. On most prestigious sports obsessed QAM. VIP Sportsbook.com or you be the VIP. A little boy. You've waited all your life remember returned. Okay maybe you haven't waited all your life and don't give a red sass that they're together again but they're playing just for you. Oh Simon and Garfunco. One night only one hit only because they're tired. It's the return of Simon and Garfunco. They're elite lines and on stage. Hey hey hey. I've got to meet now we're in my defense but I won't stop writing just to change. Get your tickets now. We're Simon and Garfunco on their live but just fairly short. Come to forgive us. Get your summer baby shit to bring go to one movie instead. How pretty to a 560 WQIM. So we had 160 bucks as a last report out there at the corner University in Bride Boulevard at the Shell Station McGill and the QM van. Right but our best in the merch and I we got an update. Not yet. Oh. Having heard you though. Yes. I'm sure he'll be calling within seconds. Why is your hope so? Because this thing is just creeping and cron. I have no updates. I mean the number I got here the $1 figure is from like through a four days ago. It's just I don't know. I just had the feeling this is kind of like a schlock you know. The whole way that thing is going. No. You don't think so? I don't have that feeling. It's a little bit of a hammer. The things are going like a little on a schlocky side. That's just my own personal. I could be overreacting. You know me. I'm going to hold your basket case. But yeah that's me. Here's a chronic fact here. That's how it's signed chronic and a very chronic handwriting. It's just talking about the U.M. broadcast group brings me to the beast. Listening to Farell is got awful. Well we know that. He's so not like Farell and he tries to be hippen. Not he likes Farell. The beast is finiser reporter and either on the Sardlung pig for U.M., I would debate that. But please get him off here. has a host or even a Cajors. He's so not like Farell and he tries to be hippen. Not he like Farell. The Beast is finiser reporter and even on the Sardlung pig for U. M., I would debate that. But please get him off here. Has a host or even a Cajors. I have no problem with any of that. Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale, hello. Hello. Yes, man. I was just calling because at gentleman earlier who was talking to that cock. I've heard. But anyway, I've guess I wanted to ask is on your dead politicians polls. Barbe Jordan on there yet. No, but she is not. That's a good choice. I was thinking that myself. Excellent. Thank you. All right. Thank you. Have a great day. Bye. Barbe Jordan. Well, what a great choice that is. Sure. I wrote it. Okay, we got that on there. We get well, we're not going to get too many other ones. But how can you compete with like all these other ones like numbers and FDR? Some people might actually know who those people were. Fight all the way down at 5.6705. 60 pound, 5.60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm an Hollywood. Yes, or I just said. Here's Hollywood. Hello. All right. Hey. Let me tell you how much grandmother absolutely loved you. She thought you were the greatest ever. Yeah. But you know, she always told me to lift it to you. And I never thought you'd never. I can barely hear this call. Scott, this guy sounds like he's on your rainous. Reaclocking me up to noon. But I lifted you now and you're, you know, she's your right. She was like, you know, they do the great. You're out of great for dried up old facts. Yeah. You know, comedic. Okay. Thanks. 5.670560 pound 5. What the only AT&T. I am for a dried up prunal. Faggan pretty good. And she's not too bad either for a dried up dittled the queen. Let's do a key largo. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? I just want to share one of my memorable Cox moments. Can I say Cox on the radio? I guess I can. Yes. Back back in the Miami-Vice era when he hijacked the radio station and just played plug-in as soon as I was out first. I wonder if anybody would've met before hours. It's a nice place. I'll be there. Yeah. I just can't put in. Remember these colors like drowning underwater. There are in and out. They're in and out and all of it. They even like drowning over there. I don't know what it is. I've said not only the vineym of the quality has like the generated into like what I would call crap. 220. I don't know if you heard me first time. No, I do not. Well, that's pretty damn lame. 120 bucks. He's been a weather like huh? That's the weather. I'm sure. Oh my god. We've always got to see what I mean. We like up against it. We're like right up against it. We can't even feel it. What are your 20 bucks? Who would you like to see is Democratic presidential candidate next year. Wesley Clark 117. I don't care. They all sucks in second place with 93. They're about to negative sour assholes man. Howard Dean 89. I don't care. I'm for $4.62. $2.6%. Bob Graham 62. Tyler del Presidente John Kerry 17. Al Sharpton 16. John Edwards 13. Who talked to dead people. Dennis Cassinat 6. Dick Kevhard 6. Julie Ruben 6. And Carol Mostly Brown has got three out of 190 votes. That's the way it stacks up right now. They like Wesley Clark. And they still want to know where is the position. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, this is near. Yes, sir. No, no, no, no. I was to give my name on. Come, come, California. Yes, sure. I need to get good. 5.670. 560 pound. 5. I told you they ran out of a tier a lot of sudden right at noon when the little handed the big hand that was it. That was the time to put on the goddamn leaf scheme. I told you to be a hell of a lot more entertaining. Oh, and you're in a commercial break. Let's do Miami. When is this? Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, I just wanted to tell you, I'm 33 years old. I'm Cuban American one way to head into that in Bible thing for the last 10 years of my life. But both republished and wrapped up, I changed the democratic, this guy Clark, he excites me. I think everybody that there's a no the difference. They should listen to the guy who's doing it. I mean, the guy makes sense on everything he talks about. I think the fact that he's an outsider will give us some fresh blood into into the old, you know, GOP and the good old boys mentality in there. And I hope anybody that has a clear vision, it can really sit down and really look at the values that this guy has because he's going to be an exposer. You think so, huh? Definitely, Neil. How many times have you seen a military guy forced our general, and that the last, you know, be a Democrat and speak so intelligently about things? But that just makes sense. He makes sense about everything he talks about. I said to my wife a number of times, when I used to see him on CNN as a commentary as one of their host, I said, it's only this guy would run through president and, you know, God was listening. God was listening. I think, yeah, God was listening, right. Okay, good luck to Paul. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. He said, God was listening. How do you like that? He's hearing listening to Pat Robertson because that's through. I think it's going to wipe out Virginia beat. Oh, right. Second now. It just took a little rock and roll there to the right. Look at that. Which would allow for some strengthening. Yeah, see? Oh, I think Pat Robertson drew the Lord's attentioner and, and maybe he misunderstood. Okay, maybe God's got like a little hearing problem today. Like what's your name? Like Mrs. Wallace on passions. Maybe he's hearing aid fell out. And he thought Pat Robertson is saying, please, please send that right here to Virginia beat right over my ass would be good. That's what he was asking God to do. And I think God might just fulfill his wish with the big blow. 5605056. On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. And the best part of the whole deal is that the media continues taking these people seriously and presenting them like some kind of respectable significant, yeah. Jerry Faldball and Jimmy Swagger and Pat Robertson and all these other grave robbers. I guess Pat's a little bit upset about Charles Taylor. You know, I can't make no more diamond deals in Liberia. Here's Tamarack, hello. Tamarack. I think Tamarack floated away. Let's try Boca, hello. Media, how are you today? Pretty good, sir. I heard the hours in the old con business last week and I heard Sean Hannity's radio show on WABC. How do you personally guess? The biggest right wing at the whole in the history of the world. You were talking about, he said except for Boca, Riley, him and Rush Rumbleb. There was no intelligence operator in the United States that they should say that the all of a bunch of pinko, Democratic left-winged fanatics. How do you know that? And Boca, would you wish to tell Mr. Wanssel like that? I was flipping. He said that I would drove off the road. I mean, he's even bigger, I mean, he's even bigger fast as you've ever heard. I know, he's not the biggest he's what I'm know. I would just to see what I was saying. They said he has the best ratings in New York to bend. I'm any radio show. Well, come down. Just be glad you don't live in New York. Okay, I am. 560, 505, 60, by the way, speaking of ratings, those trends come off to Marlman's going to be this rinkle up dried up old fag, man. We're going to have big numbers. I can smell it. Can you smell it? Oh, that. I always smell a big number from the water. I put her two away, especially if it's like in somebody's pants. During the last break, I want you to know that I went in the other than the magic room. You know what I did? I don't want to know. That's not nothing that you haven't done before. I wiped my eye. Oh, my brown eye. Oh, geez. Well, I mean, I was think I was in here during the show thinking, Jeepers creepers. I think I got some seepers. Well, no, when you're fat, when you're fat, you're fat. Right. Well, I know. Sometimes you seep a little longer. You're just playing a lot. I don't know. I don't know. You're going to smell. Feel nice and really clean. I'm going to tell. That's a really good for that. How about some tucks? Sure. If you don't have a bidet. I do not have a bidet. But I think it's in a works. 19 till 1 at 5. 60 WKM. We got our thank goodness. Wednesday, one or two hour boy. The timing couldn't possibly be better. The way this thing is going today. You know, it's that time of the year again when a mattress rooms and furniture stores run their phony and sales. Dilemma actress will ask you this. If you double the price, though, offer half off. Is that really a deal? No, of course not. Fact is that those doors have to run a sale. The price is nearly as low as dollar. Microsoft sells them each and every day, 365 days a year. For discount prices on dozens of models from the top names in a business. Seely, sort of tempered. 6. King Coral, orsterns and Foster, call 1 800 Macros 1 800 mA TTR ES. No nonsense, no bait and switch, no house, brands, no falls, promises and best of all. You don't have to pay a premium for the best service available anywhere. You'll get service like you've only dreamed about from the delivery team right number one at customer satisfaction. When you call that a mattress 1 800 mattress. If you forget, you picked the day in time here delivery. Within a 2 hour window 7 days a week from 8 an a.m. till 10 p.m. And they'll be sleeping like a baby well the first night whoever it is. I've been sleeping on a mattress in dollar mattress for years. You ought to be doing the same thing. If the old mattress is lumpy, bumpy, worn out if your back is taking a beating, here's the way to solve the problem. With low prices, same day delivery free setup and removal, it's easy to see why. Dental mattress is ranked noomoronal in customer satisfaction. So, it all people, by those mattress, shrooms, a furniture store ads, they can't come close to matching all the service and deals you get from dollar mattress. Pick up the phone and call them right now. They'll be knocking on your door. No time at all once could be needing for you. 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TT RES or online. It's mattress.com. I'm local. Here's sports radio 560's you a- You a-am. Bro, by the way, son, I've been giving it some stores. I've been giving it some stores. I've been giving it some stores. I've been giving it some stores. I've been giving it some stores. I've been giving it some stores. I've been giving it some stores. And not in five, a gentile in the cranky tool. I think we might be happy to get there. I think you really got out of your mind. You gotta have your weary bed. Scratch on to time. No chance I'll go and show it to you. I'd rather die. We'd be crappy to get there. Why, how have you know that I'm a big puppy? You're a puppy too. For Brooklyn Highies. I've been raped in five. I have worried body but you. You're not five. I mean. We know this is not what I would love. No way that if we had a fight. That you'll survive. We'll run a hero, a genetile. And push it like that's crappy to get there. So I'm going to go and show it to you. I'm going to go and show it to you. I'm going to go and show it to you. I'm going to go and show it to you. So what you and me for me is much better since you've had not five. It's only right that I should get more sleep at night. I think we might. We're happy to get that. You're going to win F (?) happy to get there. That's always way. What Young Baby men are!!! What for? Whatch for every brow to cover up. What for every brow. What for every brow to cover up. What for every bow to cover up. the General Clarks went out to one p.m. he's running I guess it's kind of like anti-climax I wasn't happy to my audio in here during that break sky was that like your screw up or was that something somebody like the audio vault got quite all of a sudden? Oh, so no who's it was on it in? Right not another technical problem on it and holy crap how you a tune maybe something will happen now You're gonna be shocked by this what this is gonna really please you though like you wouldn't believe before you get into that yes 340 at the site week it ain't rain and where he is, but it's storming cats and doggs here and It's sunny and beautiful here right now, but Friday we're getting into the hurricane. Yeah this room is filling up with the weird as smell I've smelled in years and I don't know what it is I got you God speedman's making a visit back to the building. Yeah, it's not recognizable as Anywho ever smelled before mystery smell maybe scarrayance hovering in the hallway. I've smelled that before 240 bucks. So what's our total? Do we have any idea I mean this thing? Yeah, no No Okay Miguel is at the corner of Brower Boulevard University drive on a shell station in the Qm van no down your hippoots Miguel just called in it is raining by him. He said it's still 340 So what does nobody there? Partly I see well that's pretty damn weak for your best meal merchandise I don't think we're gonna even make 25 grand this year. We had like 22 something I don't think if we keep going till January gonna make it sure lame Anyway, here's some exciting news with the next three Super Bowl visiting new stadiums that old cows not known as winter destination He was in Jacksonville on Detroit and I thought commissioner Paul Padli a boo was hoping to return to a familiar warmer host city in 2007, which is why NFL owners are expected to approve bringing football's big game back to pro player stadium when they meet to set up in Washington DC 2007 The commissioner said we wanted to go back to someplace that was a warm weather site that had the experience of hosting Super Bowl's before The Jim steeg NFL senior vice president of special events, so the second they'll make it formal now this patch is semi really porcelain That piece of Schmidt footy made a common regarding Cox's passing away That's disrespectful to talk to little the dead. It says F footy and his Schmidt selling barbecue sauce Fuddy's got barbecue sauce So they say oh See that'll be sticks it up his back dome god That's what secret ingredient. I'm not I'm not gonna get upset about it because it's so typical Sun Sentinel ignores it all together. We got people on here making all kinds of cost regulatory comments The only people called in here want to know you know what he got busted for and what kind of negative That's because softblood don't blame it on me all these years. I keep it on Neil is so negative. I'm not negative the town is negative That's all they know is negativity. They thrive on it on a hospitality Just like the guy that spent like three minutes there when a big build up about his dead mother-in-law What ever it was and it gives me a saw and answer about some dried up fat crap. Okay very weak by the way Certain from now on like do it right off the bat don't waste our time You want to call in say you suck more power to you, but get it out of the way Here's a lady in Jupiter. Hello Hello, yes, man. I'd like to see can you speaking? Hi, how are you? I just moved into Up by Jupiter from Miami and you're absolutely correct the crap in Miami is horrendous It's so much nice to up here in Jupiter Metalaman software I just wanted to let you know that I think you're great I've been listening to you for years This is the first time I've called and You'll you speak your mind. Oh, and this or but then I just think you're great now. I wanted to let you know I am great for that Also with and reference to George. Yes, you know He's with all due respect George You're not Neil, you know, okay? So far to what a sucker. You're you dead. Let's kneel I was saying was whoever said it was me either you bitch. Yes, you guys are so hard to be funny But he's not right. Oh, that's funny. You try hard to be funny But he did okay, what are you working? You're a son? Yeah, I thought Oh Have a great day sweetheart. Bye bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bitch She's hostile and she moved to Jupiter and of course George is very pleased about that way maybe that was that aroma Oh, maybe it's coming down when from Jupiter See I think these calls where you want to like suck my ass and then rip George or the other way right? It's so it's just a waste of time It's old and boring and pondress. You know, oh, you're so great. I'm not impressed by that I know how good I am. I know how well I've done for like almost Measiness town. I don't I hear the other crap that's on a year I don't need that it's not interesting if I'm listening to a show. Oh, hi Larry You're show is so entertaining. You're so wonderful. You ask all of my questions You know stuff like that Terminal it's pondress is like for old people, you know, hey Neil I'm gonna need you 100 once near that and by the way, George you suck and you're well She say you're like you and you're not funny. Well, we know what said that used to be He's George okay. He did a fine job this summer. We took a poll on it like a few people said they like About 5,000 said they say yeah, yeah, whatever whatever it is If you're like it when he's on don't listen that's all I like this It's like the barking at the moon at dog again. You know, I just don't understand people like that When he's on it's pretty obvious you know if I'm not there if it's a summer time If I take a day off like last Friday and George is sure hey if you don't like him if you don't like me Bye bye. I've never that's never bothered me This is the wire's time. I'm listening great. You know, I'm not gonna change the show for one asshole that calls in or five assholes or 50 of them Maybe I'm doing that might do it But it's just ridiculous, you know this call on a talk show to like belly it can be like I said negative negative negative And she's talking about crap in Miami. How do you like that? Give a love. Yeah, feel the love. I can feel it all away up here I hate to break the news to you. I don't want to get you all the press and bet out your shape But I'm looking out there's not a cloud this guy. It's sunny. It's 72 degrees. It's gonna be 77 this afternoon There's not a chance of rain and so you know what Friday. I know we'll get the ass in of Isabella and big deal. We'll survive it We survived SARS twice here. We survived a goddamn West now and the amad cow and the attained meat and a goddamn blackout Everything else and we'll survive it everybody here's still walks around with a smile in their face And they hold the door open for you and they say hello in the elevator and they're friendly and they're decent and they're like human beings is opposed to You know like that So if anybody wants to know why love Toronto so much or like I almost anywhere that's not Florida. That's because it's not South Florida Because the people are civilized and it like have some cool But the witch side is up and which side is down and they seem generally speaking to get along together All these different people. He shot their heads and Chinese and whatever the hell they are just people As opposed to South Florida everybody hates each other. Oh speaking guys. Yeah crap and see the crews at the stadium. Oh God You can't call mine me a third world country like a tenth world place Would that Iliana Rosanna Dana bitch all this other crap going on that Jose Basuto? Always the same old tired garbage man. It's hot gonna same baloney All those people playing in fat stomano park 135 votes for Wesley Clark rhymes with fat stomano park Who'd you like to see his democratic presidential candidate next year Wesley Clark 135 I don't care they all sucks. He did there's what I'm talking about 103 said they all suck that's nice 18.9 percent Howard D96 bomb Graham 71 I don't care I'm from bush 64 11.7 percent shame on you shame on you Get yourself an IQ test Get yourself a brain transplant John Kerry 19. I'll sharpen 18. John Edward 13 Dennis Cassinig eight dick give heart seven people in the audience are for dick Jewelie bourbon six and Kermos they brought out a 543 votes. She's still sitting on three Look at that on the playboard channel they're sitting on two to what To big 1256 at 560 WQ and to be percasses what he said he ran like a Son of a bitch. Maybe that's what you smell It would those were the actor burners leaving that aroma Hey, if you're looking for a play-steed breakfast lunch you didn't let me tell you about vicaners and I am looking across the lake right now Look at that there's Rochester there's dick. There's a You know I'm wonder if there were any was a vicarnaud you know I wonder if there was a don and Bob anyway vicarnaud is from my hometown of Rochester I ate their zin in times and Love that vicarnaud has been around since 1934 and a good news for people in South Florida who love those white hots and all that the Rochester food Vicarnaud is located on federal highway just south of Bride Boulevard of the tunnel on the east side Vicarnaud is a flashback to time when restaurants were really a great before the fast food came along Go in enjoy a real hamburger hot dog serve hot fresh and fast Vicarnaud is brought to for love to be able by the same guys who feed you cheaper Cheever governor is used to the same fresh 100% ground truck meat as cheaper richie burger and our food is an incredible quarter-pound hot dog You have had a winger near law in Europe post and a long time like that What makes vicarnaud is different from anybody else in town? I'm glad you asked because the burgers and dogs are served with a Vix signature meat sauce poured on top Giving you a combination of flavors available no place else in town So if you're looking for something else to try vicarnaud is a battle kinds of great dishes Including great breakfast menu omelette cooked the order French toast pancakes all your favorite side dishes too So stuff by vicarnaud is whether you're from Rochester or not you'll still love it and see what all it's all about Vicarnaud is on federal highway just out the broad bull about in the tunnel on the east side Be sure and tell them that old Neo Rogers from a parina drive and brighton since you buy to vicarnaud All the Spanoff since dealers need to has one Natasha and I know that I have to look for a motion square Instead we listen to a Neo Rogers parent and balance one to two hours This switch I love it when that awesome is my Game was so Last year was Love to talk sports it were pretty much all the time The guy pops the infield right, let's just go right, roll stop field. They drive it. Meanwhile the judge is bringing another one home right up, taking a host coach in these guys. Right, I mean, that is, while the rest of us are trying to work for the other. She being aception last time was like, boom, we're going downtown, and so on. There's no other side of the tele-chirle about LeBaudetville. And over the counter-medication made especially for overactive conversation lists. Because my co-workers and I, well, we were concerned about Charlie. Now with LeBaudetville, Charlie can relax. And we can get some work done, right, Charlie? Charlie? Just blink your eyes twice if you can hear me, Charlie, okay? Okay, Charlie, I'll wipe the drool. Hey, great game last night, huh? That's acting non-dronely LeBaudetville. You've only used to make it. My candidacy is all about big changes, I commend you. What about those orgies you had? Outrageous. What are your qualifications? I have no experience, I'm a woman, I isn't that the trouble, a terrible guy. What's your plan? And here's my plan that decided to get at the King of Wax. And then we end the crazy deficit spending. Oh, it really comes down to this. How? Game over. From the makers of Co-Tex, it's Flybritics. Flybritics. So super-absorbercy and convenience you expect from Co-Tex, but with three-speed Flybriting action now, that turns a week of mood swings, floating and cravings into a week of smile, squeals, and shutters of delight. Flybritics. Each insert has a built-in mini-vibrator powered by an Energizer Watch battery that keeps going and going and going. Just pull the string to change speeds from two to two. Yeah! So the next time your special friend pays you a visit, put a smile on her face. From the makers of Co-Tex, it's Flybritics. Flybritics. Just look for the box that keeps jumping up and down on the tail. Come to Co-Tex, and wait and wait and watch the whole G-Tex. And show your bodies and hunting the keys. And the feeling the stars in Co-Tex will be the best. The stars will be the best. Guys, who like cultures and tank-outs and short-man? We'll have two wait for next year for our next glance. Can't hang it, fools in our speed. Those are briefs. Those are a few of our favorite things. And no summer. What's up, um? Autons are with us. We'll just have to wait till it's warmer, I think. Until you can see more past. As you as one, far can a far vision take one. Hello, sports fans. I'm Ossie Osborne. The prints are f***ing football. This year looks like it's gonna be exciting in the NFL. One tuned to definitely watch out for other green-bay peckers. Cut, Tazzy, our match packers. Slow. Packers, green-bay packers. Not peckers? Okay, okay. Oh, you're solving it in. You started over. 2-2 seconds. In the IFC Central, you have to watch out for the upstock, Cleveland Browns. Browns. What the f*** is a Brown? Cut. Why? How about those New England guys? The f***ing Patriots are something like that. I don't know why we're going up in England. Right here, Birmingham. We will pour fabric. Ozzy, stick to the script if you can't believe it. F*** you, I'm the Prince of f***ing football. Cut. Cut. Shun. Cut. Biggest round. In the IFC, you have to like the f***ing's, the bears, the Panthers and Lions. Jesus Christ, I feel like I'm in line as a f***ing zoo. We're always f***ing, the f***ing Panthers and sh***. Is this football of Mutual Obama, has wild f***ing kingdom? Cut it. That's all we're doing in the Cucumber. What do you want me to do about it? That just wrapped it up. That's all for this week. Our ones are the Osmoans. The breach of f***ing football. Shun. He's the super star. In his pants, can he have been? He's the stripper. He's the stripper. He's the stripper. He's the stripper. He's the stripper. He's the stripper. He's the stripper. He's the stripper. Oh, he's the stripper. And they had her kiss. That's the things God will do. He's a look at it this. That's the same, she's said. See, say, boy, good, bad. On the outside she's got the balls and shards. Can't keep it in his hands. Can't keep it in his hands. That day, people call for money. It's a shame. Then David will come proud of He won the best of love But no he changed his heart Oh No one would crush him No one would crush him Unless it's his lunching Now, Kobe knows he's got a good lawyer To defeat the cheerleader All he is through His life won't stay a bit With a few walking rain on his suit Suffering from constipation Met a musil can help Met a musil For those times when you want to push it Push it real good Met a musil It's always the same old story You and your pals can't agree on what to watch I won't watch.car right Oh, I want to watch Well now you can both be happy With a NASCAR PGA channel It's two great Sports on one channel Watch Jeff Gordon with his number 24 Chevrolet wide open Whoa cast Jim Fury on the 18 pull of the music oven On NASCAR PGA channel Never go for or had two acronyms combined Do you like such a diametrically opposed spectator Sports Here's Tiger Woods on the green at eight And here's the junior in the mid-number eight We have two groups of athletes Both shooting from the checkered flag stick Be adrenaline The relaxation The NASCAR PGA channel The NASCAR PGA channel is a secretary Of the fitness game of high general Be there Well there is the prize of guests in the lead I don't think enough to film my day If I want to drive up to the mountain First I have to stop the robber of men On the catch we had for our vacation We just fed it all at blue We can't see you Why do we raise the price of super-understanding What the rocket's eye cannot be pulled The summer when I take my boat out of the vision I'm happy to witness the miracle You know that if the price is going much higher I'm going to have to set the boat some fire What are they raising the price? The eyes action news reveals who else is running for a California governor Homer why are you running for governor? I could be a jerk and no one could stop me What are your qualifications? It's I to uncompromising and rude How would you balance the budget? Taxes, spending reductions Something very close to definitely along those lines What do you think about the other candidates? Candidate make me want a vomit in terror Oh what the fool That's tonight on action news If you're elected would you decrease your beer consumption? Beer Maybe? Have a very short attention span On my way, jerk I passed one at five 60 WCM and it's our big Wednesday One to two accommodative, it's our thanks alert for that Oh yeah five 60 QAN Right Okay, we have five hundred and sixty bucks Well we better do a lot We better get over a thousand today over there at the van hit Or I'm going to be really depressed I don't care if it's like raining cats and dogs And are like gigantic ice balls falling from the sky And pellets and crap and mung I don't care Extra noise Exactly, I don't care if there's flaming assholes Okay Let's get that money going for abandoned per rescue And let's quit with the excuses It's like it's like the attendance of ballgames It's the same thing Oh what is a cloud in the sky But it's like two feet of standing water I can't get my robot Get with it Miguel is waiting on you man Right to the quarter of Broward and University Where the great intersections in Broward County Right there at the Shell Station I mean, is there anybody that doesn't know where that is? No, even if people like in a natural accounting Or that is In Okahampa At the turnpike Plaza they know where it is Broward University in the Shell Station Look for the QAN van look for the lovely Miguel in there Maybe he'll get lucky But I doubt it And you got the best meal CDs And a more Howard David Absolute good change in all that stuff for abandoned per rescue for a good cause Shell out some cash at shallow Can't get with it between now and two o'clock If we don't go over a grand which is going to be very difficult I'm going to be port I'll say that right now Yeah How did I deal? You'll be port no matter what Well, that could be I don't know not this kid Not on that end anyway How is that pull coming speaking of that Who'd you like to see as democratic presidential candidate Does he he's going to be announcing any second by the way Any minute pretty soon when he gets around with Wesley Clark 142 is running I don't care they all suck 108 Howard Dean 101 Bob Graham 73 I don't care I'm for bus 68, 11.9% Hard ass morons John Kerry 19, now sharp to 19 Kind of scary sharpness Got high would scary John Edwards The psychic man John Edwards got 14 Dennis Cassinat J. Dick him or it's seven Julie Roman six and Carol mostly bronze Still got three out of five but in 71 Nice going girl Hey, if you're on the atkins that minute They're low carb sugar free diet And here's a story you're going to fall in love with By the way, skip the eye to stand your real pain in the ass That you got your head up screw hands asses when I'm here Uh-huh, get some copies skip you're doing nothing You inherited all of these wonderful accounts from Brian Schmutz And you do nothing you wouldn't know service Do I think he's service in his screw hand Even better than Roy The lights of West Book has got over nine head Reload carb sugar free products in stock The entire store is dedicated to you people trying to lose that way To look hard diets Be sure and try their new low carb instant cup of soup Just add water pop it in the old microwave It's a low carb line a cup and four delicious flavors Be sure and try they simply delicious low carb muffins for a quick breakfast And they've got a long long long list low carb hot cocoa Apple cider blonde these brownies They're great selection of low carb pasta sauces Threshings chips chocolates They're real flaming famous carbolite ice cream Judy's low carb peanut brittle Carboretwood injury chocolate vanilla shakes these are low carb meals in a can The almond snack cakes in six delicious flavors in the at last brand Chocolate crisp and chocolate min bars their delicious and thank the Lord no Or maltotel whatsoever And of course at the delight you can try anything the store before you buy And all the atkins brand products are on sale today next circus all day everyday So stop by if you're dining because you're gonna fall in love with this store They're open daily 10 to 10 you'll find them on the northeast corner of glaze in 441 next to Boston markets safely for enough away for most house You won't smell them column toll free at 1 8 7 7 low carb or shop them on the web at low carb dot com It's the lights of West Boca your official atkins retail centers My And look this is for radio by sixty Whoay Packwood can't keep his packer in his pants Is I Had a Chip Bracom When they should be away To cheer you on a weather moon is The By with our right wing censorship There are words and lessons Here To each of you how I feel far Can't Oh Oh Will you see Can't you Will you see Will you see Will you see Will you see Will you see Will Will Will Will Will Will Will Will Will Will Will Will Will Will Will Will Will Will Will Will Will Will I would ride long to train to all St. Texas Oh, when the very love and late is admit to mine Oh, right What you gotta do to each She has to buy one whole first sight Rectom I was more than happy too And now it's more I'd like to do I want to kiss her but she won't let me I want to whisper her so he'd not dance in her rear I want to give you a kiss Rectom I want to hold her behind Close those and more I want to kiss her but she won't let me When she returned she says she was an actress She showed me an album a picture of her opening Which he then said not She seemed as if she could be But I could clearly see she was the kind of girl Who stole that heart's system Rectom Rectom I want to kiss her but she won't let me I want to whisper her so he'd not dance in her rear I want to hold her behind Rectom I want to kiss her but she won't let me Will never forget the free night that I'll feel We're saying a sweet and we shared our tales But as my heart's got to leave her behind Regrets are all my fun Because I've got your head hurt in the end I want to kiss her but Rectom She won't let me I want to whisper her so he'd not dance in her rear I want to hold her behind Close those and more I want to kiss her but I want to kiss her but She won't let me Will clap foods Poor to the Philip Norris family And we know what your kids want for dinner Poor class Nicka Pee and cheese please It's class Owen Cremey don't wish his process cheese Melted over pure hugely a gifted nicotine Kids love it It's the nicotine It's the cheese No you're right it's the nicotine My kids can't get enough of class nicotine and cheese Where is it you old head where is it? Now Billy stop taking on to those secretions I've got more nicotine and cheese right here Oh great mom Mmm Black nicotine and cheese It's the nicotine Yeah Class nicotine and cheese Part of the Philip Norris family We keep trying to distance ourselves And being an evil representative of tobacco-related death But somehow it just isn't working The baby's only was they gave it his name the name And then without boy it gets worse on stage And for we couldn't keep this trousers naked in his face Well he calls the promsmane skin And he's a young girl for food He said it's not my job It's a long be rude He's not on the door And then what's to her surprise Everyone's so glad he was ever not the burger and fries He said she didn't want it But he claimed it was romance And Toby couldn't keep this life taping in his grave Well I'm thinking to make that way Think to make it in the whole white road Think to make it in the white road Who's pickin to make it up They cry Oh Peep They all see me generational I don't it even to make tumpy Using a bigelet So Comst Korea comes in, come Ha really Play the o todo Call me I'm playingvidia Piet Hi I feel loved That whole white road Yes You may know pizzidd through me strip Stead I'm gonna get a car and I'm gonna get a car and I'm gonna get a car and I'm gonna get a car and I'm gonna get a car and I'm gonna get a car and I'm gonna get a car and I'm gonna get a car and I'm gonna get a car and I'm gonna get a car and I'm gonna get a car and I'm gonna get a car and I'm gonna get a car and I'm gonna get a car and I'm gonna get a car and I'm gonna get a car and I'm gonna get a car and I'm gonna get a car and I'm gonna get a car and I'm gonna get a car and I'm gonna get a car and I'm gonna get a car and I'm gonna get a car and I'm gonna get a car and I'm gonna get a car and I'm gonna get a car and I'm gonna get a car and I'm gonna get a car and I'm gonna get a car and I'm gonna get a car and I'm gonna get a car and I'm gonna get a car and I'm gonna get a car and I'm blessing beds and birthday and we have eight! and I'm gonna take a look closer to him There's Wesley Clark and in a time of War he's runnin' to ask those questions and propose those alternatives in the highest sense of patriotism YES! SCR! So we are going to hold the administration accountable for its policy. And he said basically Bush is an asshole. I think we knew that, but I like her and said. So we got the five hundred E7 votes on the pool, which is very appropriate. You see, we have our thumb on the pulse. Right. I just checked the Sun Sentinel website by the way, is there anything on there about Don Cox dying in? No. And Jik has even got his column all prepared. Another one of those puff pieces about some stupid show for tomorrow. Anything about Don Cox passing away? No. No. Sentinel is evil folks. They're the anti-Christ. They make the hero look good. I never dreamed I could say that. Wow. 590 votes on the pool, Wesley Carke's kick and ass man. Thoric deficits per se. 148 votes for West. I don't care. They also are 112. Howard Dean 104. Bobby Graham 76. BDIs and all. We like Bobby Graham. I don't care. I lie. I am for Bush 72 12.2 percent. Middle defectives. John Kerry 20, Al Sharpton 19, John Edwards 14. A lot of dead people going to vote for him. Which is big and south Florida, by the way. Dennis Cassinat J. Dick Kammart 7, 7 like Dick. Jewel Lieberman 6 and Caram mostly brown is moving up to four. Jesus moving long man very slowly. Like the turtle. Is that what it was? Thoric deficits. Here we now announce he pokes your head out. 26 past one at 560 WQN. Cook your head. Get your head out of the sand. If you're a plunger out there, if you're gambling on all these ballgames that are going on now. And do your gambling with people you can trust VIP Sportsbook.com. South Florida's best sportsbook by far hands down your pants. Even the uh, learned 10 molden will tell you about them. And Dave Hagen everybody on the station has got an IQ larger than their thumbnail. We'll tell you VIP Sportsbook.com is where it's at. Because then out one of those bookie outfits that's in the jungles of some 10th world country, there's the oldest and largest sportsbook in the highly trusted Netherlands where they we know they're cramped. 100% legal in license as well. So listen to me. Listen to Ken Maldune. Listen to Dave Hagen and call VIP Sportsbook.com. Tull free at 1-8-6-VIP best because VIP Sportsbook.com to put it simply. And language you can all understand is South Florida's best. Son up now you can bet all the South Florida football and basketball teams. Jews free all year long. And God if there's one thing I'd love to be, it's Jews free. You want to bet the dolphins. It's 100 to 100. You want to bet the herkouins. It's 100 to 100. So forget about that vigorous. Son up, it's going to real 20% cash bonus. Not some funny funny money match play bonus. VIP Sportsbook.com. That's where you find them online or call them full free and start punching your guts up. Call 1-8-6-VIP best. That's 1-8-6-VIP best. Be sure you tell me what you're talking about here on Sports and the Rottock WQAM. VIP Sportsbook.com. We're making no mistake about it. You be the VIP. We're making no mistake about it. We're making no mistake about it. We're making no mistake about it. We're making no mistake about it. We're making no mistake about it. We're making no mistake about it. We're making no mistake about it. We're making no mistake about it. We're making no mistake about it. We're making no mistake about it. We're making no mistake about it. We're making no mistake about it. We're making no mistake about it. We're making no mistake about it. We're making no mistake about it. We're making no mistake about it. We're making no mistake about it. We're making no mistake about it. We're making no mistake about it. We're making no mistake about it. We're making no mistake about it. We're making no mistake about it. We're making no mistake about it. We're making no mistake about it. We're making no mistake about it. We're making no mistake about it. We're making no mistake about it. We're making no mistake about it. We're making no mistake about it. We are doing any mistake about it. We're making no mistake about that. We're making a mistake about it. We're making no mistakes about it. We're making good calls calling calling taking back. We're making business sendingucc diffrentes drones photos. We said this is wrong. Oh, you think that's me, don't get it with a win or not There's plenty of standing men to grab When he's got sound like a big win, his knees He's very worth that thing, I see that I know Got it to the G-Hard, but what? I didn't even gain, eating all of our no-go-no Nice, no-no, because... Not a single dog, I'll tell you Well, I know it's a pound of cow Got it to the G-Hard, but what? I don't know, I don't know I don't know, I don't know Well, she once was the attorney general When she was in charge, it was business as usual She's one tough woman and let me tell you that's no more I'm maybe she is, well now all of the Democrats Love and her Ever since she said she might run for governor Well, there's just one question I'd like to ask for her Why do you say, the general, you know Why do you say, the general, you know Why do you say, the general, you know Why do you say, the general, you know Well, you gotta let the bush if you wanted to control Their songs provided the soundtrack for all whole generation And now they're finding a whole new audience with a CD That doesn't sound a whole lot like anything they've ever done before It's the best of crossbees, stills and cash Shows you know, we're right in On the American Express Experience, each of you all over again When crossbees stills and cash Unveil a whole different take on this classic tune All houses are very, very, very funnels With two cats in the yard It's a CD, jam packed with all the songs you want To teach your children Like, I am yours You are mine Yo, I'm Johnny Cash Because we stills and cash You know, we use this thing like a couple of boys name suit But now the cash registers ringing Because we're singing a whole new register You are what you are That you may get hard The best of crossbees, stills and cash Walk the lines Raise your local record store and pick up a copy today I want to get back For that's my goal, too Let's let it fly back One on the ground For that's my thought of course For that much money can buy a time to buy a flow To do the weird ways You need therapy Because the only one does that If the thread is just heavy And so I'm singing a return of my mother Come on be a pack Why would they option? My group is now Return my mother You got no right You said, oh my teeth But that really bites A return my mother I want you back Be free I don't care Can't hear my Look at me And go through this And that's a f*** For sure, I'm a pack I want to bring back the clothes And I can buy a new spare I can look up to my skirt Why can't my most-faced skirt Till my carcy was a gas One of my favorite bags I would like my car to If only he was a new Jew Grab it Grab it And here It doesn't fit These skirts move out Going through this door I won't be paying anything I'm going to get what you f*** I know that, eh I'll then show you So we've spent here what I've done I'll give my camera to a good rod My Holocaust takes me to The United States has no quarrel With the Iraqi people Our quarrel is with Iraq's dictator And with his aggression Iraq will not be permitted to annex Kuwait Just the way it's going to be He's right to be Tadam Husay And it's him with a pie Sit back and watch his head and slow Like a male on the way to drive He's right to steal away Kuwait And be the O' you shee O' you shee How to win back And the way this key He's the fear I like to win again And get down for your life And get back And get out for your life I won't be paying anything I'll give my camera to a good rod My Holocaust takes me to Tadam Husay And it's him with a pie I'll give my camera to a good rod So we've spent here what I've done I'll give my camera to a good rod And the way it's all I'm gonna say It's Saturday morning joint Public Winkle J-Motes and his volleyball is on Tom Husay Oh, but off that count This adventure is of Iraqi and bowling cock TV, TV, TV, TV Viewed I did nature just about to speak Who cares? Give me that crystal ball I'm begging you, go to the federal side of the bunker Perhaps I'll pull him will help The game to game your one-wack doubt dude And just like your oil, your smelly and groom Ah-ha And most did you see your squirrel friend Oh, you mean rocky? Sure, he's over there It over there He's over there Oh my, okay What do you know about this to them? Don't ask me, ask my empty Fenty, eighty who Fenty, a-clam Join us next time for oils Well that ends well Or kiss your cask good boy Hey, moves What weather for the cask for today? Bow me up Oh They're racking in Bowing Saturday morning on New Collosius Meshaw and TV history make no mistake about it We don't have to take a poll on that We know the answer don't we? Yes we do I teach till 2 at 5.60 WQM Wesley Clark now this poll We're doing now it's going to vanish At 2 o'clock when the big hand it's a little hand Right 610 votes on this one But then it's going to be Who's your favorite dead political figure Which went over really big today Wow But there'll be some names on there That we won't even know about Because the Earth's got him in the hidden And the hidden wall like this You know what I mean? Yeah Which everyone's he got So, uh, govern yourselves accordingly I guess You know, it's that time of the year again When the mattress shows in furniture stores Run those phony ad sales Every year at this time The same old stuff Now to my quiz wants to ask you Once a little question If you doubled a price to offer Promises in best of all You don't have to pay a premium for the best service Go anywhere Who gets service like a dream about From delivery team right number one A customer satisfaction When you call out to my Priced 1-800 mattress You pick today and time for your delivery With an any two hour window seven days Weekend it's convenient for you From 8 in the am till 10 p.m. You'll be sleeping well the very first night I've been sleeping on a mattress From dollar mattress for years And look what a genius I am With low prices same day delivery If you set up a novel it's easy to see Why dollar mattress is right the best in the world And customers satisfaction So don't be fooled by those mattress You're always good every day From dollar mattress Pick up that phone right now Replace that lumpy bumpy We're not old mattress with a great new one An unbeatable price Call 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATTR-ES Check them online at mattress.com You're sports video 5-6-4 2-A-M Is that all? Hey, where are you? Or am we going for a ride? Or are we going for a ride? Or are we going for a ride? Or are we going for a ride? Or are we going for a ride? Or are we going for a ride? Or are we going for a ride? Or are we going for a ride? Or are we going for a ride? Or are we running from the roof? Often we run from the roof Or we'd walk from the wood Or we really do They should work that way At that point Now that's what I really think Those noisy ride I'm thinking, who is the cold wolf welcome from a road What should I do? Oh, certainly looks easy to swallow. I already have 69% of them leaving my rock was behind 9.11. Wow! On our any recollection of the laden should be completely erased. Amazing how simple they are. Come on, you have to eat to grow up in fear, hero. Maybe even the greatest president in the universe. Like our mighty diva, Mr. Bush, who is he named? You haven't only in control. Of course. They know that if they didn't see it on TV, it simply isn't true. The candidates, all the minutes, if there's a problem, Bush did it from what I'm doing it. To a nation, to a wartime situation. They say that a nation would just have the patience, so come stand and just want to eat. Some don't like the way Bush finds a country. Yeah. That same, that clean, windy, all over the land. Yeah, the point is the finger that gets you the play, that they think, when he ends with the dance, that they think, they don't like the way Bush finds a country. A bright. Books on tape presents Madonna's first children's book. I do not like green eggs and ham. I do not like to make love to more than six times in time. I will not eat on a train. I will not eat breakfast off of Duke Harry's ass class. I will not eat things for a million years, but I would eat Britney Spears. Madonna, you're gonna see. And I will not eat them. And monkeys might fly out of my blood. Honey. Yes, dear. Take off my slippers. Yes, dear. Now take off my bra. Yes, dear. Ooh. And that's lie down and flip off my hands. Oh, yes, dear. Thank you. And don't ever let me catch you wearing my clothes again, or a swear-o-leaving pervert. Yes, dear. I am busy with show. I am busy with show. Everyone's alone. Everyone's alone. They're all in the sky. They're champagne. Fly out the smell for Joe Spon. So nice to win all the games. So win all the games. Or maybe we won't snate. And everyone's mainly all have a clue that it's not true. We'll go down and play. Oh, yes. When we find out a new fish, our national levees die clean. But nobody will see. Nobody will see us as somebody's name. These are jerk-gallables. Simple staff caught in a movie traffic. Everybody will see. Nobody will see. Does it all splice in you? Fentile 2 at 560WC. Mad Dog coming up at 2 the Huper from 4 to 630. Marlon Pregame 630. You mongous game. Marlon's at the Philly 705. Whoever wins that game is going to still be in the in the driver's seat. For the year wild card. And he came up with a baseball game to a Markovina. 820 bucks for a band and pet rescue. And Miguel had lead because he has to. Who, as it says here? Right. That thought what he said. That's what you're seeing. Right. What do you know that? And he just said you're making an up. No, that's he said he's got to go. He says I have to go take a. Crank. Right. That's not what he said either though. Schmidt. Right. Dump. Yes. Did he say how to go take a mohara David? Oh. That's not it. It's nine minutes before the hour we got like I said the mad dog coming up top of the hour. We got balance for life waiting for you with a little black sack that's the key to you're losing that weight that you've been desperate. Overweight you're out of shape. You're a third you can have diabetes or maybe you're right on the edge of it. On the edge of a physical disaster balance for like an up you lose that weight to painless way because they do all the cooking all the calorie and carb counting all the figuring for you based on the zone diet and they deliver right to your dough by six o'clock every morning. A little black sack and in your sack is all the food you need to keep you full all day long. And I'm talking about keep you full three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks, everything fresh delicious made with a best ingredients. Nothing frozen. No preservatives. No chemicals. Weight loss program. Not some kind of a fat or a gimmick. And it's the only company. By the way, let's choose between two alternatives for each meal and snack every day to try to program. You feel like you're a little menu. You're a passive back toolman. Voila there it is. It's at your door every morning. So let balance for life. Help you lose the weight like even the disgusting beast. I'm doing right now. Call balance for life at this number and get started. You'll be seen results on those scales within a matter of days. 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 are check them out of the web. The balance for life.com. I dropped out on the floor. I was turning blue. I'd rather go to the gym. I'd rather go to the gym. I'd rather go to the gym. I'd rather go to the gym. I'd rather go to the gym. I'd rather go to the gym. I'd rather go to the gym. I'd rather go to the gym. I'd rather go to the gym. I'd rather go to the gym. I'd rather go to the gym. I'd rather go to the gym. I'd rather go to the gym. I'd rather go to the gym. I'd rather go to the gym. Livest Roller load of three rounds for james, at your gym. The water RPM bl pub, the water RPM. I'd rather go to the gym. The water RPM can segu ly, at all. I'd rather go to the gym. I'd rather go to the clinic. It might be a combination of having black and blue. I'd rather go to the gym, than come up pre- Shut up. I'd going to the gym. Go to the gym. I'd rather go to home We're both in the zoo. I was standing there one day, not thinking I would die. From being able to think, do the devil. I should never keep things unknown. A big necklace that trapped inside my bowels. How can you die from the fact that bones? You're the diseased bunch of doctors in. Now my heart's stopped. You're smart, said sign-up. Throw my intestines out. I guess I should have known what to expect, living in my amines. With the kind of seven you've get in this town. I would act to be too low. I would go, if I didn't eat that fat, I'd swallow. Why can't you live in this so you can't ask? Why can't you lose this yet and right? My bow will look blocked inside my heart. Can't make my church go loud. Can't make my church go loud. Can't make my church go loud. Can't make my church go loud. Some of them are brown, brown. They're so great. Some are great. One can't walk, but they can't walk. One can't walk. One can't walk. One can't walk. One can't walk. One can't walk. One can't walk. One can't walk. One can't walk. One can't walk. I'm on your pre-show. So we're the lectures saved. Things all look in the end. I'm not looking at the golden state. It's all the golden state. And I call the seven heart to the seven. It's all the things I can't pay. I would vote for them. I would vote for them. It was him today. It was him today. California, California, California, It's such a tricky day. M-P-V presents, Nineteenaves Unplugged. I want to be you like an animal! I want to be you.